  we are always told that the eu 's budget is tiny compared to that of the national governments . 
  maybe the relevant salaries should reflect that . 
  nicola sturgeon ( scotland ) surprisingly has a salary of $ 198,847 , which is higher than the uk prime minister . 
  you could , but the bank probably would charge you a lot more to borrow if you 've already walked out on one mortgage . 
  ~ 2 % of jobs are zero hour contracts , and those that have them have higher job satisfaction ( 80 % ) . 
  the fact that the echr could do that at all pushes me towards thinking we should leave anyway . 
  that is n't a surplus , that 's a primary surplus . 
  you ca n't stop paying your mortgage if you want to keep your house . 
   it 's a very faint improvement - a bit like being told you have leprosy rather than ebola ... that would actually be amazing news . 
  leprosy is easy to treat , hard to catch and very rarely fatal . 
  the best ones charge a small fortune though , do n't they ? 
  it 's not like they are any better than our best ones . 
  our fees system works as a tax rather than a loan as well , so nobody has to pay back more than 9 % of their income above # 21,000 . 
   i pay $ 5,500 / year for full coverage health/dental/vision care for myself , my wife and my son . 
  that 's considerably less of a % of my income to healthcare than the uk would be . 
  and , yes , my wife and i have had surgeries , been sick and had our child for only the co-pay . 
  you do n't seem to understand the problem - you spend that $ 5,500 a year , whilst the us government spends just under 8 % of gdp on healthcare a year . 
  i personally spend ~ # 125/year , whilst the uk government also spends just under 8 % of gdp too . 
  http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/finance/files/2010/06/healthspending.jpg you are significantly worse off on that front . 
  ( edit : # 5/year eye tests , # 20/year for a dental exam , # 100/year for a prescription card ), 
  nope . 
  too right wing , too religious , too many guns , healthcare is too expensive , education is too expensive . 
  adjusting for population is sensible , but for gun ownership is not , as that is part of what we are looking at . 
  patent law is n't at an eu level because spain and italy refused to accept a system in which spanish and italian were n't official languages . 
  i doubt copyright would be any different . 
  the blue banana does n't really exist - the alps are kind of in the way , but are included so as to connect to italy . 
  a low-level border dispute, 
  if it was just for women it would worsen inequality . 
  you are n't going to pick someone who might disappear for three years over someone who wo n't if all else is equal . 
  the only people left here are those who like mild , damp weather . 
  everyone else has cleared off to australia , or spain . 
  i think we promised them that last time . 
  the guy we wanted for assassinating a british citizen in london with polonium was n't extradited , he was elected . 
  london is so expensive that a lot of things cluster around it rather than within the borders . 
  they may have just been told the door was stuck and the co-pilot was flying - that would unnerve me slightly , but it would n't make me scream . 
  you say that like immigration from the schengen area is only possible if we are members of the eu . 
   decisions that are too important for a country 's future [ ... ] should n't be made by the public which is massively ignorant and painfully stupid . 
  why is the choice of who runs the country not such a decision ? 
  you need a better argument . 
  it seems to work over here - it just needs to be done correctly , with a high degree of regulation . 
  thankfully , the calais ghettos are not actually our problem , they are france 's . 
  there is a part of me that wonders what the point of stopping sales is - it 's not like the chinese or the russians will do likewise , the only difference is who ends up getting richer . 
  metered charges versus fixed monthly price ? 
  that would n't be an issue . 
  the uk is a unitary state with four football teams . 
  i do n't think many people take the train to france outside of south eastern england ( though that is quite a few people - maybe 25 million ? ) . 
  the trains to get you to the eurostar would be too expensive , it would be much cheaper to fly . 
  it 's there , but is just a sub-set of western for me . 
  yeah , ireland would have to sign up to it too , but i ca n't see that being a big issue . 
  if you 've gone from ireland to france without a passport ( or eu id card ) then there 's a problem with passport control . 
  as long as you are pulling your weight relative to your size other countries should be more than willing to help . 
  the republic of ireland has the same system as the uk with regards to travelling to france . 
  the last two pms of australia were born in the uk . 
  i doubt they have an issue with british people migrating legally . 
  poland is in schengen though , so it 's a little different . 
  we still have passport controls with the rest of the eu ( bar ireland ) , so it 's not like aussies will be able to sneak into france or anything . 
  he 's actually right - maybe not about all serbs , but at least those from the dinaric alps : http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16168365, 
  when people defend the way roma are treated in europe , i do n't think they are defending disgusting behaviour like this . 
  i do n't think that 's how it works . 
  it 's a percentage of gdp , so inflation would n't make a difference - only economic growth/contraction . 
  not zero incentive - it could destroy eu unity , warn neighbours not to associate with the west , gain them former soviet territory and so on . 
  it 's very unlikely , but not impossible . 
  ukraine was n't either . 
  my point was not being ukraine does n't mean you are safe - being able to beat russia in a war is what makes you safe . 
  i was under 18 when greece got bailed out , so i do n't think i would be to blame for that , even if i was greek . 
  no , that is what i was referring to . 
  the data you provided seems sufficient as a source to prove too low a proportion of non-eu immigrants work for them to be of net benefit to your dependency ratio :  56 % of non-western ( non-eu ) male immigrants had a job in 2013 . 
  female immigrants are below the 50 % , 44 % are employed . 
  the current situation in the netherlands is that there are [ 2 working age people to 1 dependent ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/sp.pop.dpnd ) . 
  as non-eu immigrants to the netherlands only have one working person to one dependent , they are not going to be improving this number . 
  working age people without jobs are dependants , so worsen the ratio . 
  your argument suggests the opposite . 
   getting the jobless non-eu immigrants a job is a relatively cheap way to bring the age of our working population down . 
  the only reason you would want to bring the average age down is because it is a proxy for an improved ratio of workers to dependants . 
  that did n't stop them taking vyborg . 
  this generation have already been condemned by the previous one , it is a certainty rather than just a risk . 
  the best case scenario is managing to make things better in time for the next generation . 
  that would result in the eu parliament governing england directly ... 
  that 'd be much more impressive - a great deal more organisation would be needed to organise lots of protests than just the one . 
  switzerland may have something to say about that . 
  yes it was - it has [ been a member since 1949 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/member_states_of_nato ) . 
  it was just outside of the integrated military command until 2009 . 
  iraq was voluntary - france did n't go . 
  a funny story about that : during the most recent lot of israel/palestine violence , the bbc had lots of complaints . 
  ~ 400 of them said they favoured israel , ~ 400 said they favoured palestine and ~ 1000 said they 'd shown the wrong episode of a quiz show . 
  not really , given that the population distribution of iceland is very different to the usa or china . 
  60 % of icelanders live in the capital region - it is much easier for them to make it to one protest than it would be for 60 % of china or the usa . 
  in the usa , the [ two most trusted sources ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/here-are-the-most-and-least-trusted-news-outlets-in-america-2014-10?ir=t ) of news are the bbc and the economist , which i think says something about us media . 
  nope . 
  it would be on the front page of the bbc website if there was anything to it . 
  russia wants to avoid a thermo-nuclear war as much as the west , so neither side will start one . 
  i do n't think that stacks , just resets . 
  surely that depends on where you live ? 
  that would end badly . 
  there would be no long-term thinking , just giveaways any time the tally got low . 
  they are not common troops though . 
  nato does n't have an army , it has members who have armies . 
  you do n't want someone with that much power not to have to worry about re-election . 
  it removes their incentive to act in the interests of their voters , and such a long rule could enable them to accumulate too much power . 
  you need either to have very limited powers ( constitutional monarchies ) , a limited time in office ( elected presidents ) or both ( appointed presidents ) .
