  his absolute nastiness may not change , but his relative nastiness does . 
  any idea what their issue was with latgalians ? 
  i know they are n't half - this is conspiracy theories , not reality . 
  that 's common with north africa and the middle east too though . 
  how do you differentiate european identity from a western one - what does ireland have in common with chechnya but not new zealand ? 
  half of the public figures in the uk are/were paedophiles . 
  it 's been name after name since they found out about jimmy saville , who looks like he may have been into incest , necrophilia and paedophilia and abused hundreds of children all over the country for decades . 
  it may have included the secret services , foreign spies , loads of mps , a former prime minister and more . 
  scottish money not being accepted in england seems to be a common topic for comedians - i 'm not entirely sure why . 
  i do n't know what their money ( or northern ireland 's ) looks like , but i know it exists and how it works . 
  15/65 = 0.231 7/435 = 0.016 0.231 / 0.016 = 14.3 i think you are right , unless we are somehow 14 times more wasteful here than in the rest of europe . 
  england/britain/the uk are all interchangeable to everyone else - it 's impossible to know if they are using it right as you do n't know which one they actually mean . 
  [ polling suggests ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2015/08/05/russia-putin-held-in-low-regard-around-the-world/russia-image-08/ ) we are n't unusually favourable or unfavourable compared to anyone else in europe - a net rating of -48 compared to -53 in germany or -40 in france . 
  has northern ireland been annexed ? 
  you can see its east coast in green . 
  you get your right to vote back once you leave prison - and good behaviour gets you out of prison sooner . 
   why would n't eu states focus on implementing such systems in their own countries before leaving it to an `` outsider '' ? 
  environmental concerns about blocking rivers ? 
  that seems to be brought up here . 
  i think it 's an older-person thing , not a political thing . 
   what 's gibrat 's goal in this little winge ? 
  having their sovereignty respected ? 
  i think that 's a comment on how much rioting ( and worse ) in northern ireland it would cause , not that we 'd fight ireland for northern ireland . 
  why ? 
  we do n't have reciprocal migration rules with any non-eu countries . 
  i doubt it - does any western country have rules on emigration ? 
  we had [ 624,000 immigrants last year ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/70bd6232-bd99-11e4-9d09-00144feab7de.html#axzz3ijl0kjrb ) , where did you get 200,000 from ? 
  my favourite story was one week when they got something like 900 accusations of being anti-israel , 900 of being anti-palestine and 2000 of running the episodes of a quiz show in the wrong order . 
  i think he also wants irish re-unification , even though only 20 % of northern irish want that . 
  i guess because winning the green vote might turn a conservative seat labour , so it does n't matter the greens only have 1 mp to lose ? 
  a [ majority of the uk public ] ( https://yougov.co.uk/news/2015/08/06/support-radical-left-and-right/ ) want to stop immigration completely for two years ... 
  good luck with that , polling shows the german public unwilling to defend even nato allies . 
  it probably would n't be worth it if it led to new russia starting a war to get it back . 
  he did n't say it was bad germany was defeated , just that it is revisionist to imply germans of the time wanted to lose wwii in order to be liberated . 
  why do they have to be mutually exclusive ? 
  if you are in north-west europe , you are in both northern and western europe . 
   fuck it why not federalise ? 
  because member states do n't want to ? 
  i 'm fine with google getting big fines , so long as the regulators are acting in the interests of consumers rather than just trying to help local competition . 
  that 'd be great , so long as every rule was like that . 
  the opt out is part of the rules , we do n't just declare them unilaterally . 
  that 's $ 632.11 per employed person in the eurozone . 
  london has a greater share of the population born abroad than malmo ( 36.5 % versus 30 % ) but a much lower homicide rate ( 1.6 versus 3.5 ) , so it ca n't just be blamed on that . 
  our gross immigration has been about 600,000 for the past few years , maybe that is higher than for other countries ? 
  are the french/german/etc figures ethnicity or nationality ? 
  why does it sound racist ? 
  it is just a descriptive term . 
  ethnic groups are far too fluid and mobile for that . 
  evolution is too slow , and people mix too much . 
  the environment may have affected cultures and religions to some extent though , as they can adapt much more quickly than genes . 
  a cold place may favour planning and saving , for example , as it might help keep you from freezing in winter . 
  this is all a bit of a nonsense though , as if you go back just a millennium most of these characteristics and half of the ethnic groups would be different . 
   we 're being lauded for being nazis that means praised - is that what you meant ? 
  i do n't want the utilities back , i 'd rather we had strong rules and regulations . 
  it 'd be expensive to buy them , and once we did they would be run to win votes rather than to maximise efficiency . 
  i think we already have a rule that councils can forcibly rent out empty buildings , it 's more sensible than a rent cap as it actually increases supply . 
  as a country you can , no country is getting forced to go to war . 
  i 'm just explaining what our government wants - a smaller eu with a smaller budget and fewer powers . 
  i 'm not giving a personal opinion on whether that is a good or bad thing . 
  i 'd imagine these numbers would drop when the specifics were explained , such as losing some control of your military budget , no longer being able to prevent soldiers from your own country going to die in a war and so on . 
  `` moving forward '' with regards to the eu is exactly what we do n't want . 
  nobody would stop contributing to the eu under that plan , it would just allow the eu to take its money from another source . 
  tax/ban/seize empty buildings then . 
   that would destroy paris as a tourist destination . 
  no one is going to travel to an inner city to walk around concrete blocks . 
  you would n't necessarily need to remove controls in the inner cities , just in the much larger outer parts . 
  we have lots of horrible bits of london that are still very difficult to build in , despite already being full of concrete eyesores . 
   they already said that they are planning to form new eu budget with vat in place and not countries contributing to the budget unless they 've already got everyone signed up to this , i ca n't see it happening . 
  there 's no way we could sign up to any more powers or money going towards the eu under our present government . 
  i 'm not one of the ones who thinks london is a drain , but it is very difficult to convince the rest of the country otherwise . 
  i think it 's a surplus of about # 2000/head from london and the south east , whilst most of the rest of the country runs a deficit . 
  many people think london gets too much attention and sucks the rest of the country dry , so that is not really an issue in the uk . 
  the opposite may be true , but there are no official statistics nor a london government to make that case . 
  i doubt slovenia would be a net donor , so i can see why you would support it . 
  i guess that makes the reality even worse than these numbers then . 
  do you think he will actually shut down porn websites ? 
  his party does still want to win re-election after all . 
  do these numbers include the hundreds of thousands of young people who are new arrivals ? 
  they did n't accept it outside of china though , did they ? 
  are there russian language channels available free to air in russia that can oppose the government without challenge ? 
  i did n't think that was the case . 
  [ $ 0.61 a litre ] ( http://www.tesco.com/groceries/product/details/?id=254957550 ) here in the uk . 
  i can imagine why that sort of stuff might be more on a smallish island though . 
  i think instead of someone coming around and writing stuff down , you just report it down the phone . 
  if you want to watch presstv ( iran ) , rt ( russia ) , al jazeera ( qatar ) in the west then you can . 
   what do you mean `` they may no longer attend burglaries '' ? 
  they still deal with them , they just do n't come to the site . 
  they were n't much use when they did , anyway . 
  we have a good idea - the perfectly safe italy and france . 
  any invasion would have to be a ukraine-style sneaky invasion , against people pretending not to be russian soldiers . 
  conventional forces are important in fighting such people long enough for nato to arrive if necessary . 
  and from 1746 to 1967 they were [ part of england ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/welsh_language_act_1967 ) . 
  russia knows that having a territorial dispute is grounds to refuse someone nato membership , which gives them quite the incentive to create disputes with anyone who might want to join . 
  i 'm quite happy to work with the usa when it is in our interest , which unlike russia is most of the time . 
  they are n't going to embargo or invade anyone in the eu , and are happy to keep up our mutual defence treaties which put much more obligation on them than us . 
  it 'd be better to do what / r/worldnews did and apply a filter , as they did with ukraine/russia . 
  the migration stories are taking up a lot of room because there are so many of them in the news , and they deserve different discussions . 
  problems with the channel tunnel should n't be grouped with finnish government issues , mediterranean drownings and the syria crisis , they all deserve separate discussions . 
  i 've not heard that quote reported before , but it makes him sound a bit germanophobic to me . 
  not letting other people do similar ?
