   hate speech : kill all the jews . 
   not hate speech : anything else . 
  you 've changed your tune - i do n't see how this does n't fall under `` anything else '' . 
  it 's nasty , but being nasty should n't be illegal . 
  actually , hate speech laws in the uk meant that someone was found guilty of leaving an anti-religion cartoon in a prayer room , and a evangelist was fined for a placard saying homosexuality should be stopped . 
  not exactly `` kill all the jews '' , which would presumably fall under older laws against inciting violence . 
  are n't federal regulations limited to inter-state trade in the usa ? 
  hopefully people will look at the map and realise that popular destinations like crete and corfu are not where migrants will be landing . 
  the eu does n't really let them control immigration , though they 've decided via referendum that they will change that too . 
  there is a reason behind it - many swiss people believe immigration is too high , and this is a method by which they can reduce it . 
  what has franco got to do with anything ? 
  he was n't stopped from going to war by being in the eu , as franco had been dead for a decade before spain joined . 
   as nobody would bother negotiating one on one with such a small country whose main resource are its banks . 
  do n't talk nonsense !, 
   [ free trade agreement between iceland and china ] ( https://www.mfa.is/foreign-policy/trade/free-trade-agreement-between-iceland-and-china/ ), 
  who do you think would have fought a war without the eu ? 
  we 've not seen a democracy start a major war against another on * any * continent for a century . 
   what , you think the eu is letting you keep the trading benefits you have after you left ? 
  any barriers will be reciprocated , so it 's just a question of how much the eu is willing to hurt itself in order to scare the rest of you from following us out . 
  just over 13 % - 8.5 million out of 65 million . 
  it 's not just welfare though - lots of people seem happy to come just to work illegally in the west . 
  they are n't invited because the solution they are planning is to ignore germany and screw greece . 
  if 80 british people are employed and 20 unemployed , the unemployment rate is 20 % . 
  if 100 eu migrants come and get jobs , the unemployment rate is now 10 % . 
  as in a precedent for their dealings with russia . 
  i think the former would lead to greece becoming a refugee camp too . 
  that they wanted it is disputed :  andrey illarionov , a senior fellow at the cato institute and a former russian government adviser , cited results of previous polls over past three years showing the crimean support for joining russia between 23 and 41 percent to conclude that the actual support for the reunification of crimea with russia was about 34 percent and that at least two thirds of crimea did not vote for it . 
  he called the referendum a `` grossly rigged falsification '' and the outcome `` cynically distorted '' . 
  if they are not `` stubborn '' then it sets precedent , and russia may decide to keep nibbling off bits of their territory . 
  `` moving on '' is the worst thing they could do . 
  looking at their [ population structure ] ( https://populationpyramid.net/germany/2016/ ) , they would still appear to be short on people even with migrants from the rest of europe . 
  i guess german companies want cheap employees , and the future children of the millions of migrants should fill that gap . 
  [ euronext ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euronext ) is owned by [ the american company that owns the new york stock exchange ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/intercontinental_exchange ) - does the usa need to be in the eu too ? 
  how often a country agrees with the outcome of votes , i think . 
  it 'd be bigger news to see him not say that , it 's all that has come out of his mouth the past few days . 
  i said most people - as in the electorate . 
  no , that would be up to us to decide at general elections . 
  the main reason the us is so weird is their campaign finance laws make them all beholden to big companies , and we have avoided those thanks to our own parliament , not because of the eu . 
  the echr nearly voted to overturn them not long ago , we only kept big money mostly out of politics by one vote . 
  we would be fine outside of the eu , new zealand seems to cope . 
  most people who like the eu hate the city , so i doubt that will swing them . 
  it would n't happen because there is an overwhelming opposition to joining the euro . 
  finalising the potential terms under obama is not the same as signing the deal under him . 
   then after sometime another referendum will happen in order to rejoin . 
  i do n't know if we 'd leave , but we 'd never rejoin . 
  worse case scenario we end up like new zealand rather than switzerland . 
  hardly that scary . 
  no , people are generally fine with immigration from countries that are of comparable or greater wealth than the uk . 
  the uk is richer than spain , so that 's not hypocritical . 
  given how many people are saying that , it would appear to be a good time to invest in platform manufacturing companies . 
  but no sovereign institutions , which you have to show you have working before you can join the eu . 
  not if the conservatives refused to grant another scottish referendum before we left the eu in 2018 . 
   i hope you wo n't demand another referendum in a couple of years when the eu continues federalizing . 
  we do n't need to * demand * referendums , we are sovereign so can have them whenever we want . 
  current rules mean one has to happen whenever significant powers move to the eu . 
  we 're a net importer of food , and agriculture is only about 1 % of gdp for wales . 
  she is divisive , but you do n't win three general elections without being quite popular . 
   and the only well-liked big politician ~ ~ on the out team ~ ~ slightly out of date , but he was the [ only popular living politician ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2012/sep/14/boris-johnson-most-respected-politician ) in 2012 . 
  wales polls pretty much the same as england . 
  that might be difficult - there are only 227 tanks in our two countries , and we have 227 of them . 
  the welsh have the same opinion as the english in polling . 
  britain is wrong too - we 're the uk , which includes northern ireland . 
   scottish mps in westminster not being allowed a say on `` english laws '' no , english mps just got a veto . 
  scottish mps still vote . 
  you 're right , but people [ are n't * that * concerned about the economy at the moment ] ( https://www.ipsos-mori.com/researchpublications/researcharchive/3691/economist-ipsos-mori-january-2016-issues-index.aspx ) ( only 10 % say it is the most important issue ) , so i doubt the government will take any risks on that front . 
  it 's not an option here though ; from a later paragraph :  a world of helicopter drops is anathema to many : monetary financing is prohibited by the treaties underpinning the euro , for example . 
   why do they need to come up with a completely new term ? 
  to make an insignificant change sound like a meaningful concession to the uk . 
  what have we got that bothers you so much ? 
  the only substantial thing seems to be an opt out of ever closer union ( subject to eu parliament approval ) . 
   every reputable poll puts the uk staying in the eu quite comfortably . 
  other than the half that show a majority for leave . 
  it 's nothing . 
  we get to call a meeting if we are concerned , during which we can be told to piss off . 
  the examples would suggest the former :  one oulc member argued that hamas was justified in its killing of jewish civilians and claimed all jews were legitimate targets . 
  a committee member stated that all jews should be expected to publicly denounce zionism and the state of israel , and that we should not associate with any jew who fails to do so . 
  it has been alleged that another oulc member organised a group of students to harass a jewish student and to shout `` filthy zionist '' whenever they saw her . 
   one of oxford 's online political forums removed members with jewish sounding surnames from the group . 
  in another group , a member called for jews to pack their bags and leave the middle east . 
  one notable far-left student politician said , `` i do n't like being smeared as antisemitic , but i do n't bleed from it either . '' it 's a ridiculous article though , in places it seems to be arguing jews should n't ' be discriminated against because they are not ( all ) white , rather than because discrimination is bad . 
  3200/day ( 1,160,000 / year ) is how many they will let in , 80/day ( 29,200 / year ) is how many asylum applications they will process . 
   the entire 50,000 + year history of the human species , is not fucking animals . 
   i take it you are not familiar with welsh history, 
  that seems petty given we are fine referring to you as ireland , despite that implying ownership of the entire island . 
  similarly , we do n't care about the sea between us being called the irish sea . 
  it 's more than that , because people still successfully apply after getting here illegally . 
   if `` now '' could be preserved , the uk would be very happy . 
  not really - have you seen polling on immigration ? 
  there is massive opposition to the current levels . 
  i did n't post the original claims , i 'm just linking some evidence to show the original poster is n't pulling it arguments from his arse . 
  our government actually wants a hard cap on eu migration , an end to the cap , a veto on certain types of financial regulation , removal of `` ever closer union '' , social policy to go from the eu to the member states and to scrap the echr . 
  we are not asking for anything close to what we want , and we probably wo n't even get most of that . 
  pensions are payable whether you live here or not as a pensioner - they are built up by years of contributions . 
   if british businesses can not get access to the workforce they want in the uk , they will take their business to poland or romania instead it is very hard to outsource builders , plumbers , baristas , warehouse workers , till staff , waiters and so on . 
  we are a service economy , not a manufacturing one , so most low paid jobs are hard to outsource . 
  the mobile workers are high-end and would be allowed in anyway . 
  they get brought up all the time , it 's a common way of trying to link immigration to patriotism ( winning wwii ) . 
  `` the available evidence suggests that immigration has had a small negative impact on the lowest-paid workers in the uk '' [ pdf , p26 ] ( http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/ld200708/ldselect/ldeconaf/82/82.pdf ) 2 . 
  `` immigration is one of many factors contributing to more demand for housing and higher house prices . 
  we note the forecasts that , if current rates of net immigration persist , 20 years hence house prices would be over 10 % higher than what they would be if there were zero net immigration . '',
