  they suppress low skilled wages whilst boosting high skill wages , leading to an overall neutral effect . 
  we have so much social spending that earning less than # 30k/year makes you a net cost to the government . 
  earning less than # 23k/year also drops our gdp per capita . 
  ireland , then somewhere nordic , then the netherlands . 
  we a growing and ageing population . 
  providing a much larger group of people with a slightly smaller range of services still costs more overall . 
  sure - but either way , in the uk our rights are determined by the framework that parliament determines . 
  this is a cut to services , not to spending - spending is actually increasing . 
  i do n't understand - the uk government passed the human rights act in the first place . 
  that was after we joined - we never had a referendum on joining, 
  you 're not even in nato , in which you would have mutual self defence whilst retaining control of your army . 
   individual decisions should n't be subject to societal approval as long as they do n't violate anybody else 's rights . 
  strong individual rights are the cornerstone of liberal democracy and we should n't turn our back on these principles because of populist fearmongering . 
  you do n't follow those principles anyway , given the rules around swastikas and the like . 
  if anything `` he '' will do even better - we were the only country that did n't elect anyone from the epp . 
  the next government is almost certainly going to be the same as the current one , which makes that very unlikely . 
  does n't dignitas operate in switzerland ? 
  they do this every year . 
  the uk sent more bbc journalists to the olympics than than we did athletes . 
  i would n't , but i think most people would . 
  spending plans are always popular . 
  the taxes to pay for them tend not to be !, 
  new labour is n't an unpopular platform . 
  it took a global recession and two draining wars to evict them last time . 
  there 's no position on the spectrum that can win elections indefinitely . 
  more new labour would have had a much better chance of winning in 2020 than the current lot . 
  if you want to see how popular proper leftist policies are , just wait until they crash and burn in our 2020 general election . 
   successive american administrations have done a lot to keep western europe divided ( and hence reliant on american security guarantees ) they strongly supported the eu , i do n't think your analysis is right . 
  polling of the general population has him slightly less popular than farage . 
  finns seem to be missing some genes ; one of these changes protects against heart disease . 
  i do n't think the eu can be much more than rules so long as the following paragraph is true :  the institutions embark on any such trial of strength with a national government at a disadvantage because the latter is generally perceived -- at least by its national electorate -- as having the greater democratic legitimacy . 
  thanks to the oil price falling over the past few years , the impact probably wo n't be felt so badly . 
  i do n't know much about him , but maybe he just agrees with the causes he supports and thinks backing them is the right thing to do . 
  i 'm not saying he does , just that it would be the simplest explanation . 
  housing benefit , working tax credits , child benefit , local authority care home assistance for a start . 
  if you 're on a low income you 'll pay less in tax than you will receive over your lifetime . 
  this becomes obvious when you factor in the cost of providing nhs care and a state pension . 
   the poor are subsidising the rich the poor are net recipients of government spending regardless of what the rich pay . 
  that 's comparing a ongoing expense with a one off . 
  they have more important fights to pick and policies to determine in the short term . 
  i think that was a reference to ethnicity versus nationality, 
   what does the wada report say ? 
   it says that :  -73 of 455 tests on athletes could not be collected ;  -736 tests were declined or cancelled ;  -23 tests were missed , which the report says is a `` significant amount '' ;  - and 52 findings were adverse . 
   then take the tests again , in an independent lab . 
  is it not a logical step ? 
  if the labs could time travel back to when the samples were fiddled with and some russian athletes were full of drugs , it would be a satisfactory solution . 
   they should have had a plan ready a long time before the referendum . 
  cameron thought plans would reduce uncertainty , and uncertainty was his best weapon to push a remain vote . 
  migrants tend to be of the right age to have kids , increasing the fertility of the group as a whole . 
   but `` british '' is not a national identity 16.3 million people ( 29.1 % ) in england and wales alone say it is , with 10.7 million ( 19.1 % ) seeing themselves as british only . 
  there may not be the hatred , but we do put catholics on bonfires in britain too !, 
   most notably services are n't covered by a free trade agreement . 
  that is not true . 
  south korea - eu fta :  [ there is deep liberalisation in trade in services ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union%e2%80%93south_korea_free_trade_agreement ) nafta  [ chapter twelve ( trade in services ) of the north american free trade agreement ( nafta ) establishes principles that are designed to ensure that cross-border trade in services among the three parties to the nafta ] ( http://tcc.export.gov/trade_agreements/exporters_guides/list_all_guides/nafta_chapter12_guide.asp ), 
  that figure is if there is no trade deal whatsoever . 
  if your uncle does hold those values , surely he did make the right choice ? 
  it is possible for the two of you to have voted different ways yet still both have made the right decision . 
  there is no objective way to determine whose values are correct . 
  the pain is only from pressure ( much as it would hurt if you put most of your weight on your elbows ) . 
  otherwise it is like regular bone now . 
  you `` prove '' you have n't violated the regulations by taking part in the tests and getting negative results . 
  if those tests turn out to have been tampered with by your government , you no longer have any evidence . 
  the bone solidified , laser therapy helped a little . 
  the only pain is from kneeling on hard surfaces . 
  if passporting is solely dependent on the uk following eu financial regulations , i think may might just let the city decide which it would rather . 
   or perhaps wo n't move out after all lots of people seem to be hearing this , but as far as i can tell nobody significant has actually said it . 
   plus from what uk importers have said the real impact of weaker sterling wo n't be felt by consumers until the end of the year . 
  so long as oil stays low i 'm not sure people will feel it much - annual inflation predictions for the end of 2017 are still only 2.1 % . 
  if oil were to return to early 2014 levels it would be very painful though . 
   when i read about money losing value annual inflation is only [ predicted ] ( http://www.statista.com/statistics/306720/inflation-rate-forecast-consumer-price-index-cpi-united-kingdom-uk/ ) to be 0.8 % for q3 2016 , rising to 2.1 % by q4 2017 . 
  as the target is 2 % , i do n't think money losing value is much of a concern here at the moment . 
  not if it is measured in pounds - a rise in sterling might still be a fall in euros . 
  early 20s . 
  why ? 
   i should like to see ` deluge ' defined a 70 % increase , so nothing that surprising given how well publicised it was at the time, 
  it 's not painful now , but the bony lumps are still there . 
  it dances around the topic but does n't actually talk about the effect of low skilled migrants , only high skilled ones ( good ) and overall ( insignificant or positive ) . 
  one possible state of affairs based on this report is that high skilled migrants are good but overall the effect is insignificant . 
  in order for the overall effect to be insignificant , the non-high skilled migrants would have to be dragging the average lower to counter the positive impact of the high skilled migrants . 
   how can you provide evidence you have n't been doping ? 
  by abiding by the olympic anti-doping regulations, 
  according to the source it shows total wages divided by hours worked , not total wages divided by total people . 
  going from unemployed/abroad to uk minimum wage would drop the number . 
  hypothetically , creating low wage jobs for migrant workers lowers gdp per capita , even if nobody is individually worse off . 
  that 's not an issue with cheap steel , that 's an issue with low quality steel . 
  how do you know the alternative was n't another syria ? 
  libya is bad , but it is n't on that scale . 
  do you feel the same about compulsory driving licenses ? 
  some things start from presuming you are allowed to do them , others start from presuming you are not . 
  i think you need positive evidence you have n't been doping , rather than a lack of evidence that you have . 
  as russia fixed their testing , anyone being tested solely under their regime has no evidence that they are clean and therefore should not be able to compete . 
  the brexit polls were n't dodgy ; some even got the final result spot on . 
  we have 13 papers that sell over 100,000 copies a month ; they have nine owners between them with no company owning more than two . 
  unsurprisingly their politics reflects their readership ; and as most readers are old , most of the papers are right wing . 
  i do n't think the government should fund religion , but if it is going to be done then at least this way it does n't force people of other religions to stump up . 
   this helps protect european factories . 
  only ones that make steel . 
  ones that consume it would benefit from the cheap chinese stuff . 
  might the trust in the military be somewhat based on the compulsory conscription ? 
   that 's kind of a lot considering the country only has 250k jews .
