those are both good points , thank you . 
  they are unrelated to what seem to be people 's objections on this page but definitely practical difficulties . 
  i 'm not sure how you would get round the first one , i suppose they have exemptions of some sort for small purely muslim slaughterhouses but that would not be reasonable for non-specialist slaughterhouses . 
  the second issue is a problem from an inclusion/general fairness point of view , from the slaughterhouses ' point off view it would be a commercial decision based on how many different streams of animal parts they can afford to maintain . 
  i may be making an assumption , in which case i apologise , but i got the impression that you are in favour of pork being put back on menus by decree ? 
  how so ? 
  you seem to be more in favour of laws restricting freedom than me . 
   if you do n't like pork do n't eat it . . now you 're getting the hang of it  we 're free countries , no one should be passing laws saying we have to eat something or wear something . 
  an example , if a lot of danish people liked wearing bright green corduroy trousers then you would expect to see thousands of shops selling bright green corduroy trousers . 
  but what if in one or two places they were n't so fashionable ? 
  you might expect to find a few shops in those areas finding it was n't economic to stock bright green corduroy trousers . 
  no one is stopping anyone from wearing them if they want them , there is n't a ban , but there is n't the market just there either . 
  would it make any sort of sense at all to pass a law saying they had to sell bright green corduroy trousers ? 
  that would be silly . 
   now go and abuse a camel or a goat or something . 
  sorry , that 's against my beliefs , `` no cruelty to or exploitation of animals '' and all that . 
  not normal slaughter ? 
  have a look at my other comments in this thread . 
  laws mandating what other people can eat should be passed based on your personal preference ? 
  really ? 
  nobody has banned pork as far as i can tell . 
  from a quick read round on the subject in a few schools or nurseries out of nearly 2,000 pork did n't make the menu due to insufficient demand . 
  various politicians then decided to exaggerate for political capital and everyone on here has taken the bait . 
  i could be wrong but that 's what it looks like to me . 
  i would be very proud of you not eating the stuff , 
  the top of this thread . 
  apparently it 's annoying , but i am still none the wiser . 
  plus the general peevish tone of a lot of comments . 
  if the only difference is that they like some words said and stay off the pork how is that a big problem for integration ? 
  it is so far within the bounds of variation within a population as to be insignificant . 
  i do n't eat pork myself as you have probably guessed , and i 'm not a christian . 
  am i a problem ? 
  but people want to get their knickers in a twist . 
  so what is the problem ? 
  that 's what i keep asking . 
  the halal meat that people are objecting to eating will be from animals that have been stunned . 
  yes it is . 
  the requirement is that animals are alive and healthy , not that they are conscious . 
  the difficulty is that some scholars have argued that it is hard to tell if an animal is alive and healthy of it is stunned , but equally i have read muslims arguing that animals that are conscious are haram , not halal , because of muhammed 's injunction to be merciful to animals . 
  my understanding is that for the big commercial operations that supply the general public agreements are in place that animals will be stunned . 
  there will be a duty on whoever says the prayer to check that the animal is actually alive and healthy , but if anything that should provide a check that the stunning has been done properly . 
  personally i do n't agree with any of it , halal or western , but i really ca n't see the fuss about some words . 
  my understanding is that for the commercial operations that supply halal animal meat to the general population the animals are stunned just like in an standard slaughter procedure , so as i say the only practical difference is the words . 
  in fact since stunning is not always very effective and animals are often at least semi conscious when they are killed there is plenty of suffering in `` normal '' slaughter . 
  we do n't have much to be proud about on this issue . 
  not the same thing . 
  enforcing a dress code on someone infringes on their liberty . 
  saying words as a cow is killed makes no difference to the cow or to whoever eats it . 
  the infringement is the killing , the words are irrelevant . 
  the cow suffered the same , the meat tastes the same . 
  it is just a commercial convenience so that animals killed in a single factory can be sold to anyone in any country . 
  now if you want to talk about whether we should even be eating cows in the first place , that is something that actually makes a difference . 
  what annoys you about halal slaughter ? 
  it is the same as normal slaughter . 
  the only difference is somebody says a prayer . 
  how does that change anything ? 
  why ? 
  some bloke said some words , the actual process is the same . 
  the words do n't magically change anything . 
  not any muslims i 've ever gone out to eat with . 
  they will happily eat at places that serve pork , they just avoid it . 
   no they do n't have to . 
  they want to . 
  big difference . 
  i want christmas off . 
  perth . 
  the only town in the british isles where neither the beer or fish and chips are worth finishing . 
  yes , the 39 selected highlights , the ones that were most media friendly . 
  if there were that many actual incursions as opposed to russia just being a dick ( and sometimes us being dicks as well ) do n't you think they would be listed ? 
  i will bring you back to the figures . 
  226 incidents near estonia , one of the most harassed parties . 
  2 of those were incursions . 
  that is less than 1 % . 
  incursions do happen , but mostly they do n't . 
  things are crazy dangerous enough already , i do n't get why people want to make out that it is even more crazy dangerous . 
  got it . 
  thanks . 
   there are a sizeable number of actual airspace violations . 
  about ~ ~ 4 ~ ~ 5 events listed ( some of which may have involved more than one aircraft ) out of 39 chosen as particularly significant . 
   almost on a monthly basis source ? 
  the original article said that of 266 incidents near estonia only two involved actual incursions . 
  you claim ` almost monthly ' , so that is less than 12 . 
  lets say 10 to round it nicely . 
  there have been more incidents than just estonia , so let 's round that up to 300 , which will be an underestimate . 
  so that means that a generous figure of 1 out of every 30 ( around 3 % ) , probably less , involve a violation . 
  so the vast majority do not . 
  sure russia is trolling hard and being a pain in the arse , but no need to get in a lather about it . 
  edit : oops , i should have known people do n't like maths . 
  they are n't continually violating nato airspace . 
  with a few exceptions they fly in neutral airspace close enough to provoke an intercept , but in the vast majority of cases never actually cross the line . 
  annoying as hell and often irresponsible , eg no transponder in areas with civil traffic , but legal . 
  what i want to know is how the logistics of all this work out . 
  are they using up the airframe hours left on their planes faster than we are by intercepting them ? 
  i guess several planes doing short intercepts on a single intruder doing one long flight may use up more fatigue cycles and the higher cost is on us . 
  yes , that 's kind of what i meant , you wo n't learn a lot on your own , especially with a beast like this . 
  it 's not like my old favourite the mig-21 where you just needed the quick start leaflet and a soviet adviser on the help desk . 
  they could do so for a lot of the hardware but it would be long , difficult and expensive . 
  the f-35 is defined by its software , that would be impossibly long , difficult and expensive . 
  for all of the above you would be pissing off a trade partner and military ally considerably larger than you . 
  do n't do it 2 .
