  and with a bit of luck the commons add a few amendments to the effect of : `` brexit means brexit means what ?? 
  ps our negotiating position should include < insert sane list here  . '', 
  not a government play . 
  they do n't tell the judges how to vote and it could have gone either way . 
  yeah , they are rich kids that ship their cars all round the world and ca n't be bothered to change their plates . 
  lots of people with diplomatic plates drive like dicks and ignore parking fines . 
  they do it because they they are arseholes that can , not because of any specific ethnic background . 
  i 'm not saying that you are wrong and that number plates in an illegible alphabet are not a problem , just that in a topic so fraught it needs to be clear that it is not a race problem but a wealth and entitlement problem . 
  that 's a function of them being rich-as-fuck pricks , not being arab . 
  nearly . 
  as i recall it was designed back then but never officially used . 
  [ double double agent . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37ihswa1swe ), 
  well he was right about cameron dividing the country :(, 
  he actually said `` spend more time in france '' . 
  no joke . 
  i think you meant `` which entire political establishment '' . 
  as far as i can see federalism is a dead project . 
  there 's still a few old school functionaries making the noises , but there is no chance of it happening . 
  too many national governments would veto it on the spot . 
  or have tenessee voting on your president , or have people from missouri moving to your state ? 
  please fuck right off . 
  we need no more of that horror . 
  the other way around mostly . 
  mps often double up as last resort welfare rights workers or social workers . 
  the good mps in my experience know their actual usefulness is in signposting to the right agency ( and should have good links with them ) and lending their name as pressure to actually get the wheels turning . 
  less useful mps seem to think that a phonecall from them can magically make a bureaucracy change its procedures for their special case . 
  ah , sorry , ca n't win can i ? 
   unfortunately czech was us brits ' abbreviation for anyone from czechoslovakia , regardless . 
  our european nomenclature has never been very fine-grained , unless we are being deliberately , rather than accidentally , rude . 
  and how many of those views were people like me watching it as car-crash tv , laughing at them . 
  absolutely , and i also understand a lot of working class communities feeling fucked off , disenfranchised by rolling political failure and down right scared by the changes that they see to their economic situation . 
  it is a shame that the manufactured hysteria intended to distract people from the direct agents of a lot of their insecurity has taken off into some sort of genuine hysteria where the answer to anything is either `` do n't tell me what to do '' or `` but immigrants though '' . 
  an empire already suffering from overstretch and changing economics . 
  chamberlain 's actions were a humiliating display of the reality at that point . 
  we did not have the money , manpower , equipment or national will post-ww1 to get into a european war . 
  we started to re-equip but were barely ready by '39 and it was a year or two after that before we had anything we could do much with . 
  yes , no , maybe . 
  the ottoman empire was an integral part of european diplomacy and politics for a very long time . 
  on that they do have a point . 
  the uk seems to be having some sort of breakdown at the moment . 
  our ability to think strategically about our politics seems to have given way to hysteria and fantasy . 
  i understand you being upset by this , please do n't be . 
  the valour of the czechs , the poles and so many others is well known . 
  britain first are a small group of strangely unintelligent people who keep doing the same dumb things over and over again and are too stupid to realise that we are all laughing at them . 
  read stuff in context . 
  that was in response to the suggestion that they were only looking at the risks of brexit . 
  he replied that their default was to look at the pros and cons of government policy first and that they have gone into great detail on that . 
  then they look at pros and cons of non-government policy . 
  except that is not what he said . 
  he said that they are independent , but that in looking at a situation they take what the government says it intends to do as the default position , analyse the risks in that and then analyse the risks if that government policy is not followed . 
  * apparently my comment was deleted for a tumblr link - sorry automoderator !!, 
  re-posting with an ok link . 
  *  people in western countries that go vegetarian often make mistakes that is what education is for . 
  we teach people all sorts of things   wishing to enforce it on everyone is radical . 
   killing the animals is already bad enough , having to make it arduous torture is unnecessary . 
   enforce this level of sanctity ok let 's work with those . 
  you accept that it is wrong to kill the animals . 
  that 's good . 
  but let 's try a less emotive example . 
  theft of personal property is a bad thing , agreed ? 
  is it radical to suggest that people should not steal ? 
  is it radical to pass laws against theft ? 
  i am assuming not , at least within our current socio-economic model . 
  next question . 
  if theft is a bad thing then is it wrong to try and stop people thieving ? 
  i am not sure if you mean ` sanctity ' in the sense of asking people to behave well , or if you mean it in the sense that the enforcers are being sanctimonious . 
  in the first case no , we would make theft illegal regardless , it does not matter if some people will struggle to do the right thing . 
  in the second case i do n't see how it is being sanctimonious . 
  if a bad thing is happening that is causing massive harm then it is not wrong to try and stop it . 
  do you get my drift ? 
  bad things should be fought against . 
  finally your last point :  enforce this level of sanctity on a world that ca n't even stop killing their own . 
  that is what is referred variously as the nirvana fallacy , `` perfection is the enemy of the good '' or [ whynotboth.gif . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/c7njra2.gif?noredirect ) the fact that people commit murder is not an excuse to avoid trying to prevent theft . 
  the fact that people do bad things to humans is not an excuse to avoid trying to prevent people doing bad things to non-human animals . 
  nobody is saying we are not omnivores , i 'm not sure how that relates to my point though ? 
  being omnivores just means that we get to choose what we eat . 
  that decision still rests with us . 
  who you trust to eat a vegetarian diet is also up to you . 
  meanwhile millions of people , including most of one of the largest cultures on the planet , are thriving on it regardless . 
  so what is so radical about simply not eating meat ? 
  and again , what is so non-radical and uncontentious about a massive world-spanning industry dedicated to killing millions of sentient creatures for no no necessary purpose ? 
  one of these things seems more extreme than the other . 
  and sometimes the solution is just too obvious for anyone to be willing to act on it :(, 
  * killing millions of sentient creatures in often appalling conditions = not-radical . 
  * not killing millions of sentient creatures in often appalling conditions = radical . 
  well , ok . that makes perfect sense . 
  this is the place that got caught . 
  there are thousands more like it . 
  there are just as many other places still open doing the same stuff . 
  closing one down just transfers the same business elsewhere . 
  a lot of slaughterhouse workers are there because they have very little other financial option . 
  there is a huge amount of industrial injuries and mental health problems in slaughterhouse workers as a result of our craving for meat . 
  eating meat does n't just fuck over other animals , it fucks up members of our own species . 
  and if you add in the environmental cost ... 
  i share your sense of disbelief at how we have come to this . 
  good luck with the referendum , no matter which way it goes . 
  i hope it can be more dignified than brexit . 
  my nephew north of the border said things did get bit scrappy during your first go at it .
