  it 's cheaper just to keep buying them as kits off the yanks . 
  it was assembled in italy but the italians are flying it over to luke afb in the states to join up with all the others whilst training , tactics etc are being developed . 
  with their data sharing , sensor fusion etc , these things are designed to hunt in packs . 
  not a lot of point having one or two on their own for training and development . 
  given that historically the duchy of finland was part of tsarist russia you are probably right . 
  and losing with style has an influence on the behaviour of the victors . 
  finland held a unique position for decades . 
  true you could not be part of nato , but you were never absorbed into the warsaw pact/eastern bloc . 
  allow your predecessors some credit , the ussr did . 
  no , just close friends like bulgaria , 
  soviet `` original demands '' probably bore only some slight relationship to what would have been their long term `` final demands '' if you had not fought so hard . 
  just mentioning `` the war '' is n't the funny bit . 
  the joke is more to do with the endless british obsession with `` the war '' , the joke 's against us , not the germans . 
  it 's also about the way that social anxiety makes you say the thing that you are trying to avoid saying . 
  and that basil fawlty is a bit of arsehole struggling to be better than he is . 
   interesting , so the su-24s vectored north a bit after entering the turkish airspace ? 
  i think that is an error by whoever made that map for the bbc . 
  if you look at the [ original radar plot ] ( http://www.24horas.cl/incoming/radarjpg-1854100/binary/radar.jpg ) from the turks there is an m superimposed over the track at that point , identical to the m at the point where the missile hit ( they may represent target position at launch and hit ? ) . 
  the graphics person mistook the first one for a change of course . 
  the actual plot is relatively straight . 
  my understanding is that it was a turkmen area , ethnic turks allied with the fsa and thus against both isis and assad . 
  if the reports that the russians have been conducting air strikes against them for a while are true then that , combined with previous incursions , will have been trolling turkey hard , somewhat akin to russia 's feelings about ethnic russians in ukraine . 
  it may also explain why neither pilot survived their landing in the area . 
  it 's not an isis area . 
  anyway current reports are that the locals already have both bodies . 
  how is your turkish ? 
  is that an accurate translation of what they did ? 
   i was more talking about the people on here . 
  ah , ok got you  but i have n't seen anyone in this thread either calling for a ban , or accusing those getting very upset on somebody else 's behalf of wanting a ban , which is why i missed your point . 
  and some of those getting very upset on somebody else 's behalf seem unable to process the simple point that it is n't just about their feelings ( in fact why is it about * their * feelings at all ? 
  stop patronising those genuinely affected . ), 
  it is about the cack-handed intervention by russian politicians into free speech . 
  is that really a union jack by your name ? 
  you do n't sound very british . 
  but some of them were pro-censorship . 
  that is the point . 
  the duma wanted ch blacklisted as an extremist organisation . 
   where does this whole discussion come from ? 
  like i said way back at the beginning , the russian duma . 
  but you do n't seem to take that point on . 
  they may very well be upset . 
  that is their right . 
  as it is other people 's right to publish cartoons without interference from governments of other countries . 
  where do you stand on cartoons , good bad or otherwise that depict muhammad ? 
  their duma called for :  the government to blacklist the french publication as extremist literature and insisting that the french authorities react and apologize . 
  that is more than being upset , that is calling for stuff you do n't like to be silenced . 
  there is a difference . 
  i think this nails it . 
  yes we want to believe it , true or not , but the fact remains that our opinion of him fits the story . 
  the sad corollary of this is that our opinion is also that rich toffs are expected do this sort of thing and it carries little political penalty . 
  cameron knows this . 
  well yeah , if they actually had some evidence to be suspicious about . 
  in the meantime do n't go breaking up families and feeding hysteria . 
  agreed , to an extent . 
  the difficulty diminishes rapidly with knowledge of what works , so that is really the major obstacle . 
  what serious suspicion ? 
  would they have been suspicious of dark haired irish parents with a blond kid ? 
  the irish should know better , what with all the racism they 've had directed at them . 
  villages agreed  not saying as easy as standard meat based , just trying to dispel the notion that it weird and difficult . 
  i understand why people believe some meat is necessary but that one is busted i 'm afraid . 
  please forgive me for the incoming copypasta . 
  note that `` well planned '' or `` balanced '' is what any parent should be aiming for with their children 's diet , so that is no biggie . 
  `` all the major dietetics and health organizations in the world agree that vegan and vegetarian diets are just as healthy as omnivorous diets . 
  here are links to what some of them have to say on the subject :, 
  not as straightforward as veggie sure , but not as hard as people imagine . 
  basic pulses and nuts are cheap and hardly exotic . 
  if they want to go the veggie burger/sausage etc route these are easily available from catering suppliers like meat burgers/sausages . 
  if you want exotic , well just about everywhere town above a certain size in the uk has access to all sorts of ethnic foods for meat eaters just as much as veggies . 
  it 's more a question of knowledge than ingredients . 
  and even vegan is n't that hard , 
  it 's not `` the standard '' , it is simply economic to use a method that can be sold to anyone who eats meat . 
  with stunning there is no practical difference in cruelty , unless you feel that saying or not saying a form of words as you do it makes a difference ? 
  only * after * taking the kid . 
  wtf ? 
  so they were correct to act out of ignorance and prejudice ? 
  every time there is a moral panic against a minority the police should exacerbate it by jumping into the hate party ? 
  so do i , but they are hardly a closing anthem sort of outfit . 
  just no . 
  the government are furious at the decision and in disarray . 
  they may have to call a snap election . 
  they did not want this outcome . 
  do not confuse the government and the establishment . 
  the government do not have any influence over judges here , and there is a history of the judges fucking off the government on the rare occasions that their paths cross . 
  they jealously protect their separation . 
  the judges are however part of the establishment which is on the whole anti-brexit . 
  but most legal experts i read were of the opinion that they could genuinely have decided this either way . 
  i have had some experience of the lower ranks of the judiciary and their position in society does carry social prejudices that they seemed utterly unaware of . 
  these influenced their understanding of the evidence ( edit : which was a problematic source of bias ) . 
  but on the actual legal points they applied the law to the best of their ability , often making decisions that they personally were unhappy with if that was where the law took them . 
  i 'm not sure that bbc4 does anything as grand as closing . 
  it just periodically ceases to exist . 
  fakeyank ^ tm trying to sound like an actual yank . 
  yeah elon 's like the annoying it guy in the office that everyone is grateful for when it turns out that he was right , we were dumb , and he can recover it off a server somewhere . 
  it would be good if we can keep our shit together over the next few generations and we might even manage it . 
  part of the problem that spacex is attempting to address though is that a large part of the risk is out of our hands . 
  we can set up a peaceful green world government/libertarian hellhole/utopia of choice and still get lumped round the head by the universe , which frankly does n't give a fuck . 
  and we do n't know when the universe 's failure to give a fuck will strike , so the sooner we buy some off site backup the better . 
  blast off on the mars colonial transporter and save humanity 's future . 
  [ would you like to know more ? ], 
  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/interplanetary_transport_system?wprov=sfla1 ),
