  yep : / a couple years ago my family had the idea of selling all our apartments ( i think there were 5 ) and buying this house in stare bielany . 
  seller wanted a million dollars for it , and we noped the fuck out of that deal . 
  she ended up trading it for a duplex and cash . 
  you sure ? 
  yeah , i assume it 's a flat cause ai n't no way you 're spending less than 200k $ for a house anywhere that 'd be considered warsaw . 
  maybe wawer , maybe . 
  kind of surprised to see poland on there . 
  warsaw is by far the most expensive real estate market in poland , you can expect to pay 2000-2500 $ / sq m pretty much anywhere within the city . 
  now , there are places where you can pay even more - zakopane and sopot are often mentioned - but those towns are effectively tourist traps . 
  the first has a population of 27 000 , the second 40 000 , making them less populous than the least populous district of warsaw . 
  other real cities , not towns with `` city rights '' , cost about 20-30 % less than warsaw . 
  get a fucking sense of humor . 
  i assure you that utter vast majority of poles who 've moved to germany did so to make money or as dependents of people who make money . 
  but it 's cute that your mind went there . 
  poles are not stylish enough to pass for syrians , sorry . 
  i do n't think germans are in any position to tell poles to not cross broders , mkay ? 
  shit , and all us polacks had to pay our own way when we emigrated over there . 
  edit : y' all need to chill the fuck out over this joke i made . 
  slovenia is awesome , if it was n't for the fact that we 'd like our kid to learn a useful language , i would totally be looking for work there . 
   and what about hospitals ? 
  did you hear last time how long queque is ? 
  what about viruses those migrants bring in ? 
  what viruses ? 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
   what about pernamently understaffed police for what , 8 years now ? 
  and yet crime keeps falling . 
  the only reason foreign corporations bought out polish companies is because they were sold for a song . 
  you 're delusional , the polish economy was in the fucking shitter 25 years ago and the west had nothing to do with it . 
  joining the eu is the best thing we could have done . 
  we did n't `` switch masters '' , we 're a part of the eu . 
  you think we had a voice in moscow ? 
  stop reading the pamphlets korwin and stonoga hand out . 
   we seriously do n't have any chain of command and govt co-operation between central govt and local govt ( samorz\u0105dy ) . 
  we do n't have the infrastructure to support a large influx of immigrants ( please tell me that 12,000 in the context of a nation of 38 million is a lot , please ) because we 've spent the last 25 years fucking decommunization and de - and relegalizing aborition instead of creating that infrastructure . 
  maybe it 's time to start behaving like a citizen of the world and not the mental backwoods that you seem to have set up camp in ? 
  i just think eastern european countries are being a little disingenuous regarding their responsibilities to the eu . 
  nope , this is an observation . 
  feel free to disagree with any or all of it . 
  you joined the eu for access to foreign markets , international cooperation and to cut yourself off from russia . 
  let 's be completely real , estonia is tiny . 
  the only country ( real country , not that micronation bullshit ) in the eu that 's smaller is cyprus . 
  your only real strategic value is that you help form a bridge to finland . 
  the reality is that you could have either joined the eu ( a fine choice , imo ) , got access to a massive market and a bunch of good stuff in exchange for becoming a member with responsibilities ... or you could 've stayed within russia 's sphere of influence and watch your economy rise and fall along with the price of oil . 
  but do n't kid yourself , there is no scenario where a strong , rich , independent estonian state was on the table . 
  you 're literally too small . 
   an onslaught of western companies pushing out and buying out their less wealthy local competators . 
  are you really saying this did n't happen before the eu ? 
  if anything , the eu opened up massive markets for local companies . 
  there are hundreds of companies in poland that sell < 5 % of their production locally and the rest in western europe where they get very good prices for their goods . 
  pre-eu supermarket chains almost destroyed local producers due to a race-to-the-bottom price war here , entering the eu was a massive improvement for them . 
  she 's right . 
  eastern european countries want to be `` european '' but do n't want to pay for it . 
  they want highways and hard infrastructure built on the eu 's dime . 
  they want high wages and pensions , but do n't actually want to pay high wages or put money away for pensions . 
  they do n't consider themselves part of the eu , but they want to be taken care of by the eu . 
  every time the eu does something they do n't like it 's those assholes in brussels , not their own eu politicians the fucked the pooch . 
  they want all the trappings of western european life without actually having to take on the responsibilities of being in a community of countries . 
  they 're the biggest hypocrites in the eu , sending millions of economic and political immigrants to france , germany and the uk over the past 75 years , but now that they 're being asked to take people in need it 's too hard ? 
  pansy bitch nationalists talking about their culture being destroyed by a 0.01 % minority ? 
  it 's an embarrassment , the national equivalent of an episode of mtv 's my sweet 16 where that psycho kid has a breakdown because she got the lexus before her birthday party and not during it . 
  i have ordered tons of books from . com , . co.uk and . de to poland . 
  you know it 's krak\u00f3w . 
  also , tons of people just subscribing to his account and capturing all the tweets . 
   everybody knows the price for free visa in the eu for russia . 
  dirt cheap gas . 
  will russia spend the dime ? 
  except that gazprom is on its way out - putin is currently taking over rosneft , the price of natural gas has fallen and the eu has 10 + new terminals that will accept lng from tankers . 
  russia has done with gas what many of us hope oil companies will do with oil - push prices and profits so high that governments are forced to find other sources . 
  the eu has managed to get off russia 's tit and now the kremlin is down a potent bargaining tool . 
  i 'm an eu citizen , living in schengen and i still need a very expensive ( $ 90 in 2005 ) time-limited visa to visit russia . 
  i can get a visa to the us that 's good for ten years for $ 130 . 
  i visited moscow once , it was enough . 
  i 'm curious that nobody 's mentioned holland . 
  the dutch have come up with a pretty ingenious system - each region has one long day in a work week , where stores are open until 20-22 . 
  to make up the time difference , they open later on monday mornings . 
  the long day differs from region to region , but is usually a wednesday or thursday . 
  catholics in poland make up 98 % of the populace , but if you think anywhere near half are giving their faith anymore than lip service ... 
  like poland needed something else to be shitty at ... 
  it 's technically a scam as they 're not allowed to pick passengers up at the airport . 
  you can find cheaper in warsaw . 
  young societies ? 
  poland traces its history back to the 10th century . 
  hungary used to be a huge empire . 
  what exactly do you mean by ` young societies ' ? 
  i think berlin would be a great choice . 
  exactly . 
  what 's even more telling is that most polish cities ( all of them at least 3x smaller ) have more expensive public transportation . 
  and yet , they whine . 
  warsaw has raised ticket prices twice in the past 10 or 12 years , you 'd never know it because people will not fuckign shut up about it . 
  who cares that we have the lowest fares of any european capital , a huge tram network , a subway that runs until 3am on the weekend , a huge network of night buses . 
  single fare ? 
  daily cost of a quarterly pass ? 
  bunch a whiners . 
  so you live in northern canada ? 
   everyone is ultimately the master of their fate . 
  i disagree , i think most people living in modern western culture see themselves as masters of their own fate more or less equally . 
  the problem i have , is that imo americans tend to see themselves as islands ( as in , `` no man is an island '' islands ) . 
  that view is both disingenuous and naive . 
  as useful as it might have been during the frontier days , those days are long gone . 
  social mobility , one of the cornerstones of the american dream , is extremely low - lower than in heavily regulated , so-called socialist countries such as denmark or finland .
