  for 46 $ / night we got a 40sq m flat 300m from the barcelonetta beach in barcelona , and that 's where we went . 
  i 'm not sure how out of date your humor is . 
  is it because we 'd steal the car or buy a used car to flip back home ? 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  my girlfriend is from eastern poland and wanted us to visit the lakes she used to visit growing up . 
  so one day we drove out to the village where her mom used to own a vacation home . 
  we paid 35 $ / night for the most uncomfortable hotel room i 've ever stayed in . 
  it 's a large hotel and two rooms other than ours were taken . 
  there was almost nobody at the lake . 
  we went to have some fried fish , ended up paying 25 $ for the meal . 
  it rained one of the three days . 
  in the end , the whole thing cost us about 400 $ , including gas , for a 3 day trip . 
  our friends took an all-inclusive , week-long trip to egypt for 300 $ / person . 
  polish exceptionalism , 
  it 's still amazing how many companies that do tons of business in poland do n't have diacritics figured out . 
  apple , amazon and ryanair . 
  it 's 2014 and we 've been an eu member for 10 years - get your shit together people . 
  the official translation is republic as * rzeczpospolita * comes from * respublica * which is the root word for republic . 
  it was n't due to keyboards in poland , we 've all moved to using a modifier key for our diacritics , it was due to : 1 . 
  really poor encoding/code-page handling in foreign language oses . 
  it was n't until windows xp that desktop language handling became sort-of-sane . 
  before that , if you stuck a polish letter into a file name you could have a pretty bad time with it . 
  poor/incompatible encoding on websites - iso-8859-2 vs cp-1250 vs utf-8 . 
  thankfully utf-8 rules to the roost now , but if you want to send a commercial email blast , you 'll be back to encoding in iso or cp . 
  text messages with diacritics can be more expensive - if i toss in a single polish letter into a text message , it will switch encoding and my max text length drops from 160 to 70 chars . 
  with all those things , it 's just easier to ignore diacritics , most people will figure it out . 
  rzecz = thing pospolita = public a public thing or matter = republic, 
  here in warsaw it 's a 1100km drive to amsterdam and it 's supposed to be -22 c this week . 
  a young polish student in prague . 
  that 's what happens when you crowdsource things that should be professionally done . 
   this also made the news ... that woman went before a court , it 's her third drunk driving charge so the court forced her to give up her passport as she was considered to be a flight risk . 
  she screamed that losing her passport will mess up her holiday plans . 
  generally speaking , she 's either insane or extremely entitled . 
   also some feminist said that she 's pregnant and she 's going to have an abortion on christmas eve because it 's more fun and then some jesuit priest said he 'd give up the priesthood to adopt that baby . 
  so much eyeroll . 
  yeah , that 's my experience as well . 
  weird , the polish term for milk with coffee is ` bawarka ' ( bavarian ) . 
  it 's til the 7th here in poland , due to the 6th being some ^ who-the-fuck-cares catholic holiday, 
   about 4-5 years ago many people opted for chf-based loans , when the exchange rate was around 145-160huf / chf , now it is 235 , down from the record 260 region . 
  i assume that this is like it was in poland - chf loans here had a 2-4 % apr , while pln loans 8-9 % - so of course everybody went for the chf laws and completely ignored the inherent risk of currency speculation . 
  poles are still finding stuff the swedes packed up to take home and lost in the river along the way . 
  just last year , when the water of the vistula was low , they found some stuff . 
  i 've flown from poland to barcelona twice and both times we paid about 150 $ round trip . 
  meh , kebabs are like potato chips or ice cream - they 're regional junk food . 
  police have an arrest warrant out for him , turns out he did the same thing 9 years ago . 
  * december 13th was the 32nd anniversary of the introduction of martial law in 1981 . 
  a few days earlier , the leader of the government at that time - wojciech jaruzelski - was admitted to the hospital . 
  * due to a change in labeling laws , there are no kebab shops that sell `` lamb kebabs '' in warsaw anymore - turns out that most of them had a lamb and beef mix , and due to the overwhelming beef content , they now have to be labeled as beef kebabs . 
  * a second successful face transplant operation was performed on wednesday in gliwice . 
  * our highest court decided that the catholic church does n't have to real estate taxes . 
  * the week started with cleanup after the wind-storm xavier blew through poland on sunday . 
  tl ; dr : slow news week . 
  also , post-communist countries seem to be super-touchy about how they are perceived from abroad . 
  some german satirical newspaper made fun of poles or poland during the kaczy\u0144ski brothers ' reign and it was a whole thing . 
  the reaction was 10x more embarrassing than anything that rag could 've published . 
  probably the same place they 'd find one in pretty much any city in the world . 
  no matter what kind of social network you guarantee people , there will always be a few who do n't want to live within its confines . 
   sobering stations in america , those are called ` drunk tanks ' . 
  that 's fair , but we 're not talking about having random users re-draw a pre-wwi map of europe . 
  these are college educated people working in new media , and they 're obviously not oblivious to europe : i could n't find a single map that did n't have france and italy marked . 
  i grew up in the us and i can guarantee you that we covered some european geography in elementary and middle school . 
  yeah , but they did n't have the printing press . 
  in defense of a western-centric view , the us is the cultural decedent of european nations . 
  does moldova have a political faction who wants to join nafta instead of the eu ? 
  cause we had that . 
  good times . 
  i recall having to show id when checking in here in poland , had to fill out a hilariously dated standard government form over in the czech republic , but germany and denmark did n't seem to care . 
  also , i remember this being a plot point in the day of the jackal , so it must 've been around in 1960s/70s france . 
  if you 're interested in false friends , there are no fewer than three books on the subject of ff between polish and czech . 
  speaking polish in cz can get a bit dicey sometimes . 
  those first two things were actually done by the ussr . 
  i know russia is the ussr 's heir , but the union was so much bigger than russia itself . 
  stalin was georgian , pelmeni is considered to be foremost a ukranian dish by some , many soviet astronauts were born outside russia proper . 
  that 's really nice , but with the red up top it 's monaco , not poland , 
  poland has two dominant parties ( po and pis ) , but neither of then ever get enough votes to hold a majority , so they 're forced to align themselves with smaller parties . 
  psl ( the `` peasant '' party ) barely got the 3 % or 5 % of the vote they needed to get into the * sejm * , but has a few ministers in the government because they got enough representatives in there to help po get a majority . 
  pis won the election in 2005 , but new elections had to be called in 2007 after the coalition they managed to hamstring together fell apart . 
  are you sure you replied to the correct comment ? 
  we actually to rid of conscription a few years ago , so all our ditch digging is done by career soldiers . 
  we do n't have a draft ( we did , but it was just 12-18 months of digging fox holes and drinking vodka ) , but i 'm pretty sure a lot of men went into the clergy to escape their `` inner demons '' . 
  muslims are the new jews . 
  when we moved back to poland , i wondered why everybody was bitching about jews - i 'd never seen a synagogue , nobody ever wore a yarmulke , i did n't have any jewish friends at school . 
  i guess everybody needs a boogeyman . 
  the truth is that not that many important things happen . 
  people were born , people died . 
  we found out 38 people died on the roads over the nov 1-3 holiday weekend and 1300 people were stopped for drunk driving . 
  that 's up from the 5 day nov 1st weekend last year , when only 36 people were killed over a longer period . 
  poles being irresponsible , shitty drivers is not news . 
   the border checks on all borders were restored . 
  these are spot checks and will only be in force between nov 11 and 22 , due to the un climate change conference being held in warsaw - so remember to pack your dowody osobiste when crossing the border ( which you should have with you at all times , anyway ) . 
   due to some changes in law people who were imprisoned for cycling under influence [ ... ] are let go . 
  aprox 4500 poles were in prison for cycling under the influence . 
  this was an extremely archaic , regressive law that only served to pad police statistics and keep poor people down , while having the additional effect of promoting drunk driving . 
  we do n't whine about how much better things could be , everybody 's convinced everything sucks . 
  jan kowalski drives his late-model bmw to his 300 sq m house , turns on one of his four tvs and bitches about how everything sucks . 
  once they started outsourcing hr departments , hr became a sector of the economy . 
  really , you can include it in `` business services '' . 
  poland outlawed ritual slaughter of animals and all animals that are slaughtered have to be killed in according to eu regulations . 
  so no kosher or halal meat . 
  yeah , but in exchange we got stuff like being able to walk around indoors wearing a t-shirt during winter and the ability to traverse europe by wheeled vehicle in 48 hours , instead of 2 months .
