  the ` every many for himself ' mentality of rejecting socialized health care imprisons many americans into menial , poor paying jobs . 
  people who ca n't quit their jobs because they might lose their health care ca n't start up small businesses , ca n't be entrepreneurs like their forefathers . 
  and so on , and so forth . 
  the cowboy days are over , only the cowboy mentality has remained . 
  well , frenchmen do like to eat cheese and baguettes . 
  france is the second largest consumer of cheese per capita in the eu , behind such mini-states as luxembourg . 
  my cowboy comment is n't a stereotype so much as an observation . 
  while it 's one that i find to be negative , others do n't . 
  but yeah , i do n't deserve the upvotes . 
  ny , va , ca and or . 
  if i ever went there ? 
  i lived there for nine years , and that nine years and contact i have had with americans of all sorts has convinced me that they do , in fact , think they are wild west cowboys . 
  they are very similar to the poles i know , in that they blame the government and society ( which they do n't consider themselves to be a part of ) for their failings and claim all their successes as their own . 
  of course . 
  who cares that the taxes go to create the personel , infrastructure and client base that allows those countries to exist ? 
  tl ; dr americans still think they 're cowboys on the wild frontier . 
  it 's not american gun culture - it 's america 's culture of violence . 
  are they paved ? 
  only with farts . 
  lots of people , check out / r/bicycletouring !, 
  i have not , but i have cycled all ev7 from copenhagen to prague . 
  other than a couple poor segments here and there ( poor for me , as i was using skinny tires and there was gravel ) , it was excellent . 
  i actually rode gedser-copenhagen in a day * twice * ( 180km each time ) . 
  generally speaking the routes are very varied , the entire network is far from complete . 
  berlin to the border should be great - the only country with better bike paths was denmark - but , i 'm not too sure about the polish end as our bike routes ... well , they tend to suck . 
  move your country to europe , problem solved . 
  what you want is [ opencyclemap ] ( http://opencyclemap.org ) which is a cycle-route addition to open street map . 
  optimism ? 
  in poland ? 
  you must be drinking vodka ... 
  i think people look at singular technological changes - like how in 20 years we moved from phones being a deficit good to there being more phones than people over here - and assume that all aspects of society can move that fast . 
  they ca n't , they wo n't . 
  change takes time , people need to get used to it . 
  we did , i 'm not sure if we still do . 
   also thanks to donations from eu , but they account for sth like 1 % of our gdp those are n't donations , they 're funds to build polish infrastructure so that poland is a better market for other eu nations . 
  good to hear . 
  you 're wrong , they 've been repaired and re-potholed in that time . 
  progress waits for no one . 
  lots of progress on the construction of the second subway line , two new stadiums , six new subway stations , three new bridges , complete renovation of the royal way , the powi\u015ble tunnel , the s8 , trasa toru\u0144ska , a half a dozen complicated intersections , water filtering plants , garbage incinerators , etc. . . all since 2000 . 
  they 're phasing out the old trams by the end of the year , most of the busses you see in the center are less than 5 years old . 
  poland keeps doing well in spite of its countrymen 's opinion of itself . 
  it 's an extremely conservative country , very catholic in rhetoric if not in fact . 
  a nation of extremely low national self esteem , which mixes inner self loathing with outward aggression . 
  a nation that celebrates its defeats instead of its victories . 
  not too long ago , we marked our longest period of independence in over 200 years with smaller ceremonies than are held every year to celebrate the disastrously failed warsaw uprising . 
  and of course everybody stands with full carts in supermarkets , complaining about how poor they are . 
  i 'm personally amazed by what we 've achieved , and what we keep achieving . 
  get the rhetoric out of the way and we have a thriving economy , the large cities bussle day and night . 
  lots of local tourism is doing poorly not because poles are poor , but because they 're choosing to travel abroad for holidays . 
  honestly , i ca n't tell you from experience how poland as a whole is doing , because i live in warsaw . 
  the change in this city in the just the past 5 years has been amazing , and it 's almost all for the better . 
  infrastructure is getting built - slowly , but compared to communist times it 's like every construction site has a rocket up its ass . 
  culturally it 's extremely vibrant , mostly in spite of the city government instead of thanks to it . 
  between my linguistic and marketable skills and dual us-polish citizenship , i could live and work in a lot of places , but i 'm very glad i stayed here . 
  i think historians will be able to recognize this incredible era of transition and growth for what it is , even my countrymen are unable to do so now . 
  look , it 's going to take a generational change for poland to get over it 's communist past and martyrdom complex . 
  those take time . 
  our economy was n't as progressive as the czech republic 's or lithuania 's during the good times , just because it 's so much bigger than either of theirs , but it 's letting us shoulder the world-wide recession much better . 
  overall , the change for the better has been phenomenal . 
  just do n't ask any poles about it , we take too much pleasure in complaining . 
   they are going to receive funds from europe ( or at least were supposed to before the crisis ) in order to build modern infrastructures . 
  poland has gotten lots of funds from the eu for infrastructure development already , the biggest problem is actually taking advantage of those funds . 
  polish bureaucrats are flat out not used to the rigors of dealing with eu funds . 
  their ` laid back ' fly-by-night approach to governance has bit poland on the ass quite a few times , with some projects losing eu funding and may others never being realized . 
   in fact not a lot of people seem to know anything about poland except the same old , tired , shitty stereotypes . 
  you know the worst thing ? 
  a lot of those people are polish . 
  c'mon , most shitty warsaw drivers are people who moved there 3 years before and still do n't know where they 're going . 
  i dunno , i like driving around warsaw because , at least , everybody is equally agressive . 
  you go to krak\u00f3w and half the drivers are stressed-out yuppies gunning their silver estates , and the other half a meek , timid drivers . 
  in warsaw you at least know that they 're going to be driving like raging assholes . 
  well , by capita poland has about as many accidents as germany , we just tend to die a lot more often from them . 
  wwii broke poland . 
  all of it . 
  almost 16 % of the country was killed . 
  my grandparents ' generation is emotionally broken . 
  the warsaw uprising was just a horribly stupid military decision that 's been fetishized for political use . 
  for a while i was all , `` we need to respect the elderly , they have wisdom , etc '' and now i 'm just in the fuck those olds camp . 
  i had some woman scream at me for crossing at a red light today in warsaw . 
  i have a half sister who goes to middle school in warsaw right now , and her school trips are like london and paris . 
  yep . 
  they 're called `` kolonie '' in poland . 
  a very low light output to power use ratio is how . 
  i assume you 're talking about the eu , since europe has 3 cities ( istanbul , moscow , london ) bigger than the largest city in the us ( nyc ) . 
  philadelphia ( 1.5 mil , # 5 ) is smaller than warsaw ( 1.7 , # 15 ) . 
  a hp probook 450 g4 fhd intel i3-7100u 128 ssd 8gb ddr4 costs 627 $ in poland and we do not make finland money here . 
  decathlon is massively popular in poland as well . 
  we had a german compliment our qechua tents in croatia 2 years ago, 
  i like a lot of a swedish pop/female vocalists , and i like american hip-hop . 
  so spotify keeps recommending i listen to swedish hip-hop . 
  spotify is wrong . 
  you can also find me creating jobs and paying taxes . 
  razem got half a million votes after getting pretty much zero press in the previous election , vs korwin who got 700,000 votes after being given a soapbox for his fucking idiocy in the press for the past 25 years . 
  yeah , but he 'll never get into power as poland is pretty socialist . 
  i live in the bielany district of warsaw , within sight of the old steel mill . 
  my friends always go , `` you live where !? '', 
  but the subway that comes every 2-3 minutes in rush hour ( every 7-8 at 11pm on a tuesday ) takes 15 minutes to get to the center of the city . 
  i work from home , but my last commute was 3 minutes to the station , 12 minutes on the subway , then i 'd ride my bike the final 6-7 minutes or take the bus - about 10 minutes with the walk from the final stop . 
  sometimes i 'd drive ( 15-20 minutes ) or ride my bike ( 25-30 ) . 
  the most common outside-the-house leisure activity around here would have to be socializing .
