  except for the rnc running the white house email server during the bush administration . 
   this is a completely bogus claim that has been falsified many times . 
  since we do n't actually have any idea of what trump is worth , you ca n't call it a bogus claim . 
   there is no actual evidence that trump is a racist except for the federal lawsuits brought against him that he settled . 
   used dubious schemes to make money themselves which are ? 
  [ citation needed ], 
  a surprising number of poles support trump because they buy into his low taxes bullshit . 
  we drove to paris once and spent like an hour a day figuring out where to park . 
  i 'm never driving there again . 
  not to mention that you do n't have to pay for parking , which is a huge issue in most cities . 
  like `` that 's a shame '' or `` shame on you '' ? 
  not a misunderstanding , but - in polish - the bike gear sram and light bulb manufacturer osram ... `` sram '' means `` i 'm shitting '' and `` osram '' means , i 'm going to shit on . 
  also , ` fart ' means luck here . 
  but if your family is well off , you can go with your friends into the alps for the weekend and down to the adriatic the next weekend . 
  i was 25 before anybody asked for my id . 
  well , we 've been invaded by them 3 ( 4 ? ), 
  times ... 
  native in english and polish . 
  i can get by in german . 
  i 'll travel anywhere . 
  krak\u00f3w is not a capital . 
  honestly , if you go to prague i 'd skip krak\u00f3w , they 're very similar , and i say that having lived there for a year . 
  i think warsaw is a lot more interesting city with a history that you flat out wo n't find anywhere else in the area . 
  not many europeans realize this , but the free trade provisions of nafta do n't work like they do in the eu . 
  we can buy a product in any country in the eu in the mail , we pay our cost + shipping + vat and we 're completely done . 
  it does n't matter if you 're a 7 year old who saved up his allowance or a multi-billion euro company , you 're in the clear . 
  otoh , my friends in canada still have us goods they order go through customs . 
  buddy going from the canada to the us brought in some of his mother 's antique china , customs noticed it and now he ca n't use the express lane when going across the border anymore . 
  it 's a free market only for companies , regular citizens need not apply . 
  does it have it on amazon.co.uk ? 
  obviously , co.uk is cheaper now :(, 
  amazon.de usually has lower prices and european-style plugs . 
  i 'm not sure aeglaf has been living in poland the last few years . 
  1945 has been replaced by 1944 - the warsaw uprising is the most popularized historical event in poland . 
  the only thing that kept the uk economy from taking a massive shit in 2008 was the economic boom caused by eastern european immigration . 
  we 're behind the times , but we did have a trans woman in the parliament until the last election . 
  one thing that should be mentioned in regards to poland : men are extremely homophobic and afraid of having other men see their dicks . 
  go into a large men 's bathroom in any shopping mall , and you 'll see all the cabins taken by men pissing . 
  they 'd rather go into a closed cabin and piss all over the floor than piss into a urinal . 
  it 's fucking weird . 
  i pay 70 $ / month for my sole proprietorship , it 's way too much and i should find somebody at half the price . 
  but i guess op was asking about typical taxpayers . 
  and you need a visa for that ? 
  anyway , i just checked : my gf bought a policy from signal iduna , it cost 40 $ for 2 weeks for two people ( one pregnant ) and covered us for 50 000 $ for europe and the mediterranean, 
  i 'm weirded out you do n't say where you 're traveling from , whatever that is , go buy your insurance there . 
  i paid ... 70 $ for 2 weeks of insurance for schengen last time i bought travel insurance . 
  that had like 300k $ coverage . 
  in the eu it was 134 for 2015 ( paris + 2 smaller incidents in france and sweden ) and 330 dead in the us , so ... 2.6 per 10 million vs 10.3 per 10 million . 
  american cops killed three times more unarmed suspects than were killed in eu terrorist attacks in 2015 . 
  remember that if you 're there during oktoberfest ( which is in september ) , be ready to pay double-triple for hotels . 
   the good news though are that the cost is much , much lower than the equivalent in the us . 
  yep . 
  i bought health insurance with the largest private network in poland ( luxmed ) on groupon of all places . 
  half a year for $ 150 . 
  my co-pay for visits is $ 4 . 
  the doctors prescribe medicine and if it 's covered by national insurance , i pay the same as if i 'd gone to a public doctor . 
  my asthma meds cost $ 1/month . 
   funny thing when you go to usa how many pickups there are driving around with nothing in the back . 
  that 's really the issue . 
  people buy for extreme edge cases , and then very rarely actually take their car off road or haul something in it . 
  once you get rid of all the people who actually use their cars for work , a very low % of pickup owners actually haul things that require a pickup more than once a year . 
  hell , i 've put a quarter ton of building supplies in a 12 year old yaris verso and drove it home . 
  it 's not a big deal . 
  i drove a hilux for a few months around poland . 
  holy shit i hated that truck . 
  i 'm sure it was fine as a pick-up , but as a mode of transportation it was awful . 
  doing 130-140 on the highway felt like i was trying to push a yacht through tar . 
  driving around cities was horrible . 
  the diesel engine was an obvious diesel , combine that with the high position and i felt like i was driving a tractor . 
  now i drive a ford c-max and , while it 's not a car i 'd ever wish for , it keeps me from feeling like a complete bint when i 'm driving around . 
  we packed for a 2 week glamping trip with the gf and did 4000km in 10 days in that thing , managed to fit everything in the boot . 
  we actually got free refills at a autohof ( rest area ) by the autobahn north of frankfurt the other day . 
  i have friends working in it in 4 countries ( spain , germany , sweden and holland ) where the `` company language '' is english . 
  imo the two biggest issues for you will be finding work before you move , and finding work without speaking the local language . 
  unless you 're in it , then these are non-issues . 
  \\  good cycling infrastructure \\  poland no ... 
  january 's pretty dead in europe after the excess that are christmas and nye . 
  february is carnval time in catholic countries , and it starts getting fun again . 
  barcelona 's [ art ticket ] ( http://articketbcn.org ) is an amazing deal on museum entry * and * you get to skip the lines . 
  well , he is from north america ... 
  generally speaking , do n't stress out over this . 
  everyone realises you 're a foreigner and various faux pas moments will be treated as cases of cultural misunderstanding . 
  do n't have an opinion on the spanish civil war , do n't have an opinion on catalan independence , and do n't espouse the superiority of american x. . . and you should be good . 
  three time guerrilla war losers you say ? 
  i doubt many american realize that the their country uses the armed forces to bolster the us economy . 
  for a country full off people so hell bent against spending tax money to help their fellow citizens , they have no problem spending it to subsidize massive corporations . 
  no , i 'm much more likely to not wake up because of a heart attack , brain aneurysm or if i fall walking down the stairs and bang my head . 
  for the first one , the european railways have special ( cheaper , subsidised ) tickets for tourists so they can ride the rails and spend money in country , while locals ( who wo n't spend money ) have to pay normal prices . 
  two ... yeah , it 's pretty typical . 
  honestly , those four cities are not far apart and tickets between them are pretty cheap ( meaning ... 50 $ / ticket tops ) , you can just come in to the station and buy them . 
  what the fuck do you eat ? 
  we had lunch in eur in rome a while back and it was 22 $ for a huge meal for two with drinks . 
  send it by mail . 
  i sent a bike to the us from poland and it cost 75 $ for two boxes . 
  i mean we paid 15 $ for tickets that were never checked to walk through a park in a massive crowd . 
  plivitice lakes does n't seem to be a multi-day affair . 
  it 's more disneyland than yosemite as far as the crowds , tickets and transportation go . 
  i 've been much bigger than you and traveled . 
  nobody ever said a word . 
  do know that europe does n't cater to larger folks though .
