  all but 3 or 4 of the 20 biggest ad agencies in poland have their offices there - wpp , spg , publicis , cheil , etc. 
  about 6 % of all of warsaw 's residents - not workforce , residents - work there . 
  a 2.5 sq km bit of land , serviced by one set of tram tracks ( so if a tram breaks down , tram service stops ) and a few bus lines , used by 100,000 office workers every day . 
  for comparison , manhattan grows by 600,000 people every workday . 
  it 's also directly serviced by no fewer than six subway lines . 
  people who work there started calling it that , the facebook page came later . 
  yeah , krak\u00f3w 's great unless you like clean air and a functional transit system . 
  because capitals sideline the rest of the country in art , politics , money and the media . 
  i live in the capital of poland . 
  movie opening ? 
  it 's in warsaw . 
  article about politics ? 
  probably going to be in warsaw . 
  headquarters of all the national newspapers and tv stations ? 
  large bridge caught fire , has to be rebuilt and has been on the covers of newspapers all over the country ? 
  concerts ? 
  usually warsaw . 
  huge sporting events ? 
  highest salaries in poland ? 
  nobody cares that it 's a city of 1.7 million potential taxpayers supporting the infrastructure for ~ 800 000 unregistered residents and daily visitors . 
  none of them cares that warsaw pays 200mln $ into the national budget , a payment resulting from a law that 's supposed to help large cities support smaller towns , but magically warsaw pays 95 % of the fees . 
  calm down , herr hitler . 
  give us back 6 million citizens and we 'll talk about transferring gda\u0144sk over . 
  i tried to do it denmark -  holland with my driver 's license and the person doing the boarding made me get my id out . 
  there 's a not-at-all-fine line between `` getting rich '' and having the responsibility of leading a nation of 20 million and barely making enough to be able to make payments on a 70 sq m flat in your nation 's capital . 
  that is way too low . 
  based on how polish politicians talk about gays , i 'm surprised we 're red . 
  of course you can : you can not fly on airlines with shoddy safety records ( which is hard to do in europe , as none of the airlines have shoddy safety records ) , you can fly during the day to increase the chance that pilots are rested , you can avoid flying in poor weather , etc. 
  and these things will increase your likelihood of not dying about as much as `` being careful '' or `` driving slowly '' will increase your likelihood of not dying while driving . 
  because people do n't do it , flat out . 
  sorry , that 's just the illusion of control . 
  you think you 're responsible for your safety , but how does driving slow save you from getting rear ended into traffic ? 
  getting hit head on by a sleeping driver ? 
  you can reduce your chances of causing a collision , but not your chances of someone colliding with you . 
  that 's a complete delusion . 
  the majority of deaths are caused by `` other drivers '' . 
  get t-boned going through an intersection by a drunk , head on collision with a tired lorry driver , high speed tire blowout , etc. 
  drivers massively over-estimate their abilities . 
  how often are you certified ? 
  do you ever speed ? 
  when is the last time you followed the law to the letter ? 
  how many trips do you take between general car overhauls ? 
  have you ever driven a car that was not 100 % up to code ? 
  how many hours of post-licensing training have you had ? 
  if the difference is between flying and not traveling or taking a train , then i can understand it . 
  if it 's between flying and driving , then fuck that person , because then it 's not about perspective , it 's about someone being unreasonably afraid and should seek therapy . 
  there are 5500 people who died in 2010 in europe as passengers . 
  they had zero control . 
  but the echo chamber exists with all crashes . 
  hell , we had a crash landing here at chopin a few years ago and that pilot 's name is still a thing in the media . 
  poland 's roads are shit and deadly and awful , we lose 100 people over the christmas holidays and it 's maybe 2-3 news stories . 
  that crash was huge news . 
  now , i also recognize the powerlessness issue , but the thing is , you 're just as powerless behind the wheel of a car , it just seems like you are n't . 
  in 2010 some 5 500 car passengers were killed on the roads of the eu , and that was the lowest number since the eu was a thing . 
  people do n't talk about being scared of taking coaches or riding trains , it 's just planes . 
  i think we have trouble dealing with it rationally because it 's such a rare occurrence , than when it happens , we repeat it * ad nausea * , while we completely ignore other ways of drying . 
  most car accidents do n't get a mention on tv , while the malaysian flight was repeated over and over and over . 
  that echo chamber creates a feeling like we 're reliving it over and over , and it must be something that happens again and again , while we tend to sweep other accidents under the rug . 
  it 's a bullshit argument . 
  a 150 people die every 8-16 months in a plane crash and we all talk about it for 2-3 months . 
  people are killed on roads every day and we ignore it , because it 's just a person here , a family there . 
  it all blends into the background , like dying of an aneurism or getting hit by a falling brick by a construction site . 
  wait , i just checked . 
  the last major ( 10 + killed ) plane crash in the eu was in 2008 . 
  in those 7 years aprox 175,000 people have been killed in car accidents . 
  did you drive home ? 
  because aprox 80 people died on the roads of the eu in the past 24 hours . 
  and a couple million people flew and nothing happened to them . 
  perspective is a weird thing . 
  there are parts that do n't make financial sense to replace , so you replace it all . 
  but it really is for the technological jump , improved overall design , passenger marketing ( airlines were bragging about the 777s they were buying ) and because manufacturers can make it more expensive to keep old stock around . 
  if after 10 years after introduction boeing has 800 planes out in the world , the overhead to keep them up to date and keep spare parts on hand is much lower per plane than if it only has 100 or 150 of those planes in service . 
  the opposition blames everything `` wrong '' in poland over the past 8 years on him , whether it 's wrong or not , whether he was instrumental in having it happen or not . 
  like white , pudgy obama . 
  practical experience . 
  grom spent a couple of years in iraq , they were part of the initial wave of the invasion in 2003 as well . 
  i said europe . 
  ( also , i 'm kidding . 
  sheeesh ), 
  grom is one of the more elite units in europe , probably sas is the only formation that has more practical experience over the past 20 years . 
  i know some poles do but it 's a very fringe thing . 
  possibly . 
  i 'm surprised it 's only 40 . 
  my friend works at a multinational corporation in rotterdam with people from all over europe . 
  for their holiday 's celebration , every ethnic group was asked to bring traditional food from their winter feast celebrations . 
  supposedly , the dutch were the most depressed at having to fulfil this task . 
  we went to corfu last year . 
  flights , car and 4 star hotel for two people came out to about 500 $ per person for a week . 
  it was nice . 
  looking at poland , i would n't recommend cultural homogeny . 
  funny how 5 % of poles were so happy with the country that they left . 
  if only they 'd do that with the poles here . 
  funny how 20 years ago polish police were often afraid to go into troubled areas ( or patrolled them in groups of 6-8 ) . 
  the criminals they were afraid of were , of course , other poles . 
  i 've actually crossed the border at that point . 
  in fact , czechoslovakia was the first country i ever went to outside of poland . 
  i was 5 years old when my parents dragged me and my brother ( 7 ) up those mountains . 
  we climbed up ladders and along walls that required us to hold on to chains . 
  after we crossed , we peed on some rocks for good luck . 
  thinking back , what the hell were my parents thinking .
