  half of polish catholicism is based on slavic pagan traditions co-oped by the church . 
  christianity 's ability to seamlessly incorporate local traditions is one of its most powerful attributes . 
  see : [ mexican narco saints ] ( http://ngm.nationalgeographic.com/2010/05/mexico-saints/guillermoprieto-text/3 ), 
   is 1 person killed vs 6 people killed per 100 000 really that big of a difference ? 
  it 's a massive difference ... 
  in the context of the us it 's the difference between 3150 and 19 000 people dying every year . 
  it 's a mid-sized town being murdered . 
  i have a friend who lives on the island ( ? ), 
  of christiania in copenhagen . 
  his bathroom is in the rear ( service ) stairwell . 
  i think the term * mieszkanie * refers to a `` residence '' and not an `` apartment '' in this case . 
  there just are n't that many `` apartments '' in many of these areas of poland - they 're much too agrarian/low density . 
  an outhouse by a house is n't * that * weird , an outhouse next to an apartment building is just ludicrous . 
  `` mi\u0142o\u015b\u0107 francuska '' ( french love ) is a polish term for oral sex . 
  `` mi\u0142o\u015b\u0107 grecka '' ( greek love ) is anal . 
   you can not rent a flat alone in poland if you earn a minimum wage you ca n't rent a flat alone anywhere in europe or north america while making minimum wage . 
  christ , i have friends working managerial jobs in the us who still live with roommates , because they 'd rather have an awesome room in an amazing location than an alright flat somewhere in a crappy location by themselves . 
  anyway , tthe stats for poland are a lie . 
  millions of poles between 26 and 35 are still officially `` registered '' as living with their parents , even though they 've moved to ( usually ) larger cities . 
  most landlords wo n't you register as living at their flat , as that would give you legal rights to the flat itself . 
  having a non-large-city address also lets you get cheaper car insurance , and your mom can handle your tax stuff , etc. 
  i know people in their mid 30s who 've lived in warsaw for 15 years and are still officially `` registered '' as living with their parents . 
  the registration problem is actually a pretty big , as people pay income tax in the place where they 're registered as living , not where they actually live and work . 
  so you have ~ 2.5 mln people living and working in warsaw , while only ~ 1.8 mln of them pay taxes here . 
  most people will only register after buying a flat here , which means they 'll do it around 30-34 . 
  there was a hilarious incident a few years ago . 
  a large new development ( 20-30 * thousand * flats ) had been built in southern warsaw ( * miasteczko wilan\u00f3w * ) and the residents organized a town hall meeting about having a preschool built somewhere in the development or next to it . 
  a representative from the city showed up , took the microphone and said , `` according to our official figures , there are 200 people registered as living in this entire development , we see no reason to build a preschool here . 
  thank you . '', 
  you know you 're in hungary when mcdonald 's gives you salt , pepper and paprika . 
  ov meaning subtitled ? 
  i had a bear of a time while traveling through your fine country . 
  when people discovered i 'm polish , they 'd start speaking czech to me . 
  from what i understand , you guys do n't have too much trouble understanding us ... but man , we can not understand you at all . 
  i 'm surprised by cz , sk and hu - small ( population-wise ) countries tend learn foreign languages more as their own pop culture output is limited - germany will always make more music/tv shows/etc if only because their market is 7x the size of cz . 
  also , after having visited the uk , i 'm not too sure about that  95 % figure ... 
  i 've seen border guards walking through the train on the polish-german border and doing spot checks with a dog . 
  looking at poland , it 's obvious that a lot of institutions have no idea how to take advantage of funding . 
  that a serious structural problem , administration officials just are n't good at the bookkeeping and formal aspects of their jobs . 
  it 's deplorable and the should be getting better training and be held to a higher standard . 
  the other issue i see is that they 're used to working around the system - a polish tradition more than 300 years in the making - which used to be something that you needed to get anything done here ... but now bites them in the ass . 
  recently , a major railway station in warsaw was renovated ... except that it was n't renovated , it was `` aestheticized '' . 
  the difference being , `` aestheticization '' did n't require the entire project to be brought up to eu standards regarding handicapped access , etc. 
  in effect , the government saved money ( and spent less eu funds ) but at the cost of giving its citizens an inferior service . 
  oh yeah , i forgot about that . 
  iirc , they take the document away so you can only vote once . 
  here in poland you 're assigned a polling station based on your registered address . 
  they have massive lists , when you go and vote you just show your state issued id ( required for everyone over 18 ) or a passport . 
  if you 're not registered or do n't live where you are registered ( which is extremely common among internal immigrants ) , you can just fill out a form and register at any polling station in the country , within a week or two before the election . 
  a lack of gendered nouns seems to be the exception in european languages rather than the rule . 
  your understanding of nationalities is locked deep in some 18th century hellhole . 
  i do n't understand how you can say spelling in polish is hard when we literally have half a dozen syllables written in two ways ... especially compared to english , where shaun = shawn = sean but sean ! = seen . 
  polish grammar tho ... wow . 
  let me change the second word of a 25 word sentence , now i get to re-conjugate the last 23 words . 
  why would they use a vietnamese flag ? 
  this is a forum about europe , gp 's position is one of a resident and citizen of poland . 
  do you think someone whose family is from czech but has lived in the uk for a few generations should also have a czech republic flair ? 
  so ... post your own summary . 
  yeah , the diploma mills are a huge problem and they 're bringing the better schools down with them . 
  i know way too many people with master 's degrees who have no more than a loose grasp of the subject they 've supposedly mastered . 
  the comment section on any public polish site is at youtube-comment-level or worse . 
  according to that chart , russia has a lot more man power at its disposal , with 2 million reservists . 
  that 's a bit of a lie : russia does not have a military reservist structure like the us . 
  most of the usa 's reserve forces are made up of soldiers who have left the armed services . 
  they still get together once a month to train , run drills , etc. 
  russian reservists , on the other hand , are mostly conscripts who 've finished their service and are still under the age of 27 . 
  if they 're not called up to serve , they probably wo n't have any contact with the military til one of their kids gets conscripted . 
  pravda ? 
  might as well link weekly world news while we 're at it . 
  historically massive sporting events a huge monetary sink , and the winter olympics are no different . 
  look at the chart you just linked : two profitable winter olympics in past 30 years . 
  southern poland would need massive infrastructure investments on a very time restricted schedule . 
  look at the price of the a2 highway which `` had to be '' finished for euro 2012 , the cost per km of the final leg was 8 million euro !, 
  for constructing a highway through flat , open land . 
  i 'm tired of political parties here taking on massive infrastructure projects like this just to wet their beaks . 
  hell , they built the national stadium here in warsaw in a location that causes half a district to shut down whenever there 's an event for `` security '' reasons . 
  one of the biggest issues a lot of pro-peace americans have with war , is that it 's people who do n't have to fight sending people into harm 's way . 
  i 'm a bit like that with the ukraine situation right now . 
  i want russia to go away , but i 'm not sure i want 20 year olds from poland dying over it . 
  i did n't experience physical violence in high school . 
  your numbers are off . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's why poland 's numbers are so low . 
  i 've met multiple women who 've , in talking about their partner , praised them by saying , `` and he does n't beat me ! '', 
  without a touch of sarcasm or levity . 
  this is spot on . 
  people tend to think that putin is a latter-day stalin - he 's not , he has his own bosses he needs to pander to . 
  if what putin does causes the oligarchs to lose big , i ca n't imagine he 'll be running the country much longer . 
  ukraine is neither part of the european union or nato . 
  i assume you 're a soldier , right ? 
  obviously , you 're not just saying that we should send our countrymen to die for a free ( ? ), 
  ukraine . 
  `` nie '' is a well known tabloid , just [ look at the website ] ( http://www.nie.com.pl/ ) . 
  you mean joanna krupa . 
  i just went through five days of polish news on tvn24 and this post ^ is accurate . 
  it really bugs me that every time i criticise po people say , `` so what , you want pis to be in power '' and when i badmouth pis they talk about how shitty po is . 
  honestly , they 're both parties filled with people who are mentally living in the 1990s , both at the national and local levels . 
  doubtful . 
  a year later , we were looking for somewhere to go for a week . 
  my gf looked into a nicer place to go ( cabins instead of a hotel room ) by another lake in the area . 
  they were 55 $ / night .
