  seats will be narrow , etc. 
  the music market is probably 60 % local , 40 % international , with a healthy mix between european and amerocanadian stars . 
  all of them . 
  i want to have lived in 20 different countries , to get a taste of each of them and see how similar we are . 
  yeah . 
  use the internet : yelp , foursquare and tripadvisor . 
  look for stuff that is popular with the locals . 
  the key is : restaurants in touristy locations can be expensive and crap , outside of them they can expensive but then they need to be good to get repeat customers . 
  i 've eaten in paris , rome and amsterdam and i do n't remember ever spending more than 30 $ / person for supper , usually around 20-25 $ . 
  dressing for a 30 mile hike when all you 've done is gotten out of your coach and walked the 100m to a lighthouse . 
  you especially do n't need the belt-attached water bottle to make that hike . 
  i was there for a day in feb 2013 ... do n't really remember much , seemed like a nice little touristy town . 
  i liked the eastern coast of portugal , about 30-40km east of lagos , a lot more . 
  it 's not really that simple . 
  for example , religion is much more * officially * integrated in polish public life than it is in the us . 
  priests teach `` religion '' ( really , roman catholicism ) at school , abortion is illegal and rm priests are the only non-civil servants allowed to perform weddings . 
  on the other hand , the director of a government run clinic was fired for not performing abortions that were legally allowed ( rape , damaged fetus , etc ) . 
  the party currently in power - po - is seen as a more liberal party than it 's main opposition - pis - which has social policies more in line with the gop . 
  all the parties here that matter are socialist , in that they believe in government run pensions and health care , at least to some extent . 
  at the same time , polish tax policy is incredibly regressive . 
  vat is high ( 23 % ) , the untaxed income bracket has gone up 2z\u0142 ( $ 0.60 ) since 2008 . 
  tax brackets have been frozen since 2009 . 
  it 's a way to raise taxes on the poor , without outright raising taxes . 
  the pis party is even more socialist and overtly anti-business than po . 
  the only party that is at all similar to the gop would be knp/korwin whose only electoral success in the past 20 years was 4 seats in the european parliament . 
  have you been to barcelona ? 
  restaurant food is comparable , booze in the shops is about the same , supermarkets there are ( imo ) cheaper , renting a flat is comparable , etc. 
  it 's a really cheap city to visit and even cheaper to live there . 
  for example : my gf and i were going to visit the lakes in eastern poland . 
  we found a place that has cabins by a lake ... that cost 53 $ / night . 
  so instead , we flew to barcelona and stayed in a 2 room flat 400m from barcelonetta for 43 $ / night instead . 
  no , i have a friend who lives there but i 've never made it out . 
  oops , did a lot of cutting and pasting . 
  budapest is gorgeous , but so are paris and barcelona . 
  barcelona : * pros : tons of great culture/events , cheap , very walkable , amazing public transportation , great urban beach ( barcelonetta ) , close to southern spain , delicious ( cheap ) food , great weather , airport located in the city with tons of cheap connections all over europe . 
  * cons : dirty , very crowded , very small flats , lots of petty crime . 
  paris : * pros : tons of great culture/events , very walkable , close to most of europe , delicious ( expensive ) food . 
  * cons : dirty , very crowded , very expensive . 
  budapest : * pros : cheap , very walkable , amazing public transportation , decently connected to most of europe , great ( cheap ) drinking . 
  * cons : dirty , poor public transportation ( old busses , limited subway ) , local cuisine is uninspired . 
  i know that milan is expensive , but do n't know much about it or madrid otherwise . 
  are you looking for taxi like services ? 
  uber works for that . 
  for intercity transportation , look at a service named blablacar . 
  you split the gas costs and it 's often faster than a coach for the price of one . 
  europe also has pretty cheap , quality coach/bus service . 
  i know people who 've gone the 600km from warsaw to berlin for about 10 $ , for example . 
  if you break it down to [ kotor -  tiarana ] ( http://www.montenegrohostel.com/en/direct-transfer-tour-budva-tirana-albania ) and then [ tiarana-sarande ] ( http://www.montenegrohostel.com/en/tourist-info/bus/374-bus-schedule-tirana ) ( scroll down to the bottom to tirana-sarand\u00cb ( from the sea side ) ) it seems the journey is more manageable and avoid macedonia . 
  if you 're in a hurry , take a flight form dubrovnik to athens and then hop back to corfu . 
  bus wise , you can easily go by bus from dubrovnik to albania 's capital , tiarana , and then take a bus down to sarand\u00eb . 
  that will keep you from going to fyr , but there 's pretty much no way to go overland from croatia/montenegro to greece without going through albania . 
  unfortunately , bus lines are slow , but that 's why they 're just so darn cheap . 
  not heathrow , but from london you can fly to budapest and back the same day via ryanair . 
  there 's a flight from stansted that arrives at 11:40 am , spend the day there and fly back at 9:30 pm - 75 quid round trip . 
  i mostly run into vegans who try to convince me that we are developed to not eat meat . 
  funny thing is , they 're the ones taking vitamin supplements . 
  no , but assuming everybody knows they 're from the us is . 
  europe is not equal . 
  poles work a lot more than the french , so the work-life balance will be completely different . 
  one thing that is common all over europe is that the concept of pto as it works in a lot of companies in the us does not exist . 
  you have vacation days ( 20-26 depending on the country ) and holidays ( like christmas , nye , etc - 10-12 ) . 
  if you are sick , you go to a doctor who says , `` yes , you are sick '' and gives you a note that gets you off work for x number of days . 
  my friends who work lower level jobs in the us will have , for example , 10 days pto and if they get sick it comes out of those pto days . 
  if they 're sick for more than 2 weeks , then they stop getting paid . 
  i 've unfortunately seen it way too often . 
  not in the circles i run in , but my gf is from lublin and it 's like the punchline to half the stories she tells me . 
  i dunno if you 're aware of what getting married entails in the catholic faith , but getting married as a polish catholic is a multi-month affair . 
  you need to have all your documentation up to date - baptism , first communion and confirmation . 
  that all has to be documented . 
  then you have your `` premarital lessons '' and your confession . 
  it 's like 3 months . 
  the church is n't free , it often costs a lot more to get married there than at a civil ceremony . 
  officially , it 's * co \u0142aska * ( `` as you please '' ) but prices are standardised to the point that [ there 's a website so you know you 're paying enough ] ( http://colaska.pl/ ) . 
  a civil ceremony costs 21 $ ( 84z\u0142 ) and there 's a month of waiting unless you pay 10 $ ( 39z\u0142 ) to speed it up . 
  and yet , people go through all that bullshit so their parents and grandparents do n't know they abandoned anything resembling faith long ago , and all they still have is a fear that god might strike them down if they somehow get caught sinning . 
  sinning 's fine though , just look at our crime stats . 
  catholicism is paid lip service . 
  it talks about being a religion of peace and love , but most of what comes out is hate . 
  the archbishop took time out of his busy schedule to deride couples doing everything possible to have a child ( in vitro pregnancies ) and for people who love each other to act together as a single legal entity ( civil partnerships ) . 
  the clergy is also mad that parliament threw out a law that would make teaching sex ed to kids equal to sexually assaulting them . 
  this is just the last week . 
  i 've had dozens of friends tell me they do n't go to church , do n't believe it and then get married in a church . 
  heck , one of my fighting atheist friends , who i recall having a talk with about how the church did in fact have a pretty huge upside in the development of europe a few years ago , got married in a church . 
  hypocrisy , hypocrisy as far as the eye can see . 
  in poland it seems to be all about being better off than your neighbor . 
  such a shitty attitude to have ... 
  poland 4 digits, 
  poland here . 
  probably the same as in any country : you meet people through friends , at bars , walking down the street , on dating sites or through events . 
  you date , it gets serious , move in together , get married , buy a flat , have a kid . 
  you have long courtships , hookups , one night stands , fuck buddies , etc. 
  i 've noticed very few people date multiple partners , but i 'm pretty sure that that 's true in most places . 
  i tried it for a while and , to be totally honest , between work , my hobbies and the rest of my social life , i barely had time for either girl . 
  i am 100 % sure that there is a bigger difference between dating in warsaw and ( for example ) the village of u\u015bcim\u00f3w 200km south east of us , than there is between dating in warsaw and london . 
  i 'm a male in my mid 30s , but have dated women between 19 and 32 in the past 5 years . 
  this would be better asked in / r/poland, 
  well , to be fair our train network has been seriously underfunded and poorly managed for the past 25 years . 
  the quality of rail service is worse than it was in 1990 , and that 's probably the only aspect of life that was better during the communist era . 
  but i 've been to italy . 
  going to the airport one train was 20 minutes late and i was terrified we 'd miss our connection and have to wait 40 minutes for the next one .
