sports . 
  people buy the sun for sports and the odd `` grandma killed the dog '' story . 
  nobody buys the sun for politics , finance , or anything else remotely reasonable . 
  for now , no doubt . 
  i suspect your post was n't just stating the obvious though ? 
  the first line of this [ bbc ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-18219307 ) article reads :  spain continues to claim sovereignty over the territory , which has been ruled by britain since 1713 under the terms of the treaty of utrecht . 
  idk if you consider the bbc propaganda or not , but it 's obviously been a hotly-contested issue for centuries . 
  spain have , for centuries , claimed gibraltar . 
  edit : not trying to be a dick , but you 've not attempted to correct or refute his claims , yet he 's been downvoted into a pit and you 're riding the popularity wave . 
  is this really the fallout of brexit giving birth to anti-uk sentiment on the sub , or am i reading too much into it ? 
   eu will protect its own . 
  i 'm genuinely not trying to be abrasive here , but what do you mean by this ? 
  that gibraltar is the eu 's `` own '' ? 
   if the situation in the middle east calms down \\ - literally everybody since about 4000 bc, 
  i bet that hilton sign is 100 % legit, 
  look , i do n't know who this ` britian ' guy is , but if you see him then tell him britin is looking for him and he ai n't happy . 
  brexit is the purest uncut democrasy u idiot lol, 
  amen to that . 
  any time of year , you can find hate here, 
  browns make good brexit but they dont smoke it coz their pussys nd scotlunds oil tanked ages ago fuk em scraggy cunts, 
  yeahhhhhhh !, 
  ^ ^ wait ... 
  well , heck , pull up a pew and crack open a verse , bro . 
  knights of st john . 
  what am i supposed to say , where is the argument ? 
  that the experts have , again , conceded they were wrong ( see : euro , brexit ) ? 
  that the referendum is advisory insofar as it does n't constitute the legislative mechanism for leaving , but rather authorises it and therefore is advisory to parliament in the will of the public ? 
  that your rights , beyond the common market freedoms , are entrenched in the british constitution ? 
  that both sides of the argument campaigned on equal parts fear and optimism ? 
  that the country ca n't take responsibility for its actions , yet just elected to be in a position whereby it is solely and exclusively responsible for its conduct ? 
  that your ability to move about in europe for your career is a privilege , and not a right ? 
  that you can still work abroad at the expense of a 20min form ? 
  that the uk government has n't been lambasting the eu for decades , no more than it has been critical of itself or parliamentary opposition ? 
  that your particular intepretation of statistics can be rebutted by 12 other interpretations ? 
  that the notion of being objectively correct in politics is contrary to the definition of the word ? 
  that nobody in the public eye or politics , or even among the general public , is invoking the british empire in a glorious , reminiscent , longing fashion ? 
  that the principles you believe in - liberty , democracy , equality before the law , etc. 
  - are all inherent to british culture ? 
  what do you want me to say ? 
  the op - who has now , quite tellingly , deleted all of her repulsive posts - made reference to half of this country being subhuman and loathsome , contemptible chattels who ought to be instructed how to think , behave , and vote . 
  if you condemn that notion , then fair play to you . 
  it 's important to bear in mind , however , that the older people who carried the leave vote ( a ) voted us in to the union , ( b ) have experienced firsthand life within the union and without , ( c ) have been on the planet longer and ( without particular mind to their individual intelligence ) are wiser and more experienced because of it - they 've been exposed to the absurdity of politics far longer than me , and that 's not a controversial claim . 
  the assumption that having an undergraduate in literature or engineering makes you more vindicated in your political ideology is patently false . 
  moreover , the educated experts largely belong to multinationals and supranational organisations that seek global government , and their primary motivation for wanting to protect their interest and those of the eu do not correlate to your own interests . 
  i do not like ambitious , supranational political projects who require a galactic army , a single currency , and uniform laws for ~ ~ half a billion people ~ ~ * as many people as possible * . 
  governments ought to be as small and respectful of the individual as possible ; the eu is explicit in its contravention of this principle . 
  you are a resource to extremely rich , extremely powerful people ; they will placate you and put you into line so the machine keeps whirring . 
  i 'm a bit averse to this model of society , though i can definitely see the arguments supporting it . 
  i 'm more than happy to debate , but so far you 've only given me your personal inclinations regarding brexit , not an argument for or against . 
  sorry , i 've just caught on that you were referring to yourself leaving the uk , not scotland ( hence why i thought the distinction was totally moot ) . 
  i 'm genuinely curious as to why you do n't consider the place of ( presumably ) your birth , your ancestors and their history , your culture , your language , your environment , the place that has shaped more or less everything about your identity , as home ? 
  i 'm not sure where you would consider a `` nice place '' if not scotland and the rest of the uk . 
  i consider it a privilege to live and work here . 
  if you ca n't reconcile your personal beliefs with those of your home country then , as you rightly point out , you ought to remove yourself from the uk and allow somebody else , who identifies as british and embraces british life , appreciates the opportunities and freedoms it afford , to use the nhs , have free university , and be subject to the best public investment in the land . 
  it 's hard to say it without sounding abrasive but . 
  why would we want to subsidize and shelter somebody who resents this country ? 
  leave , man . 
  edit : if a single downvoter can explain where i 'm wrong , please feel free to enlighten me . 
  i 'm just reiterating what the chap above me is getting at - why live in a country that seemingly does n't like you , and you do n't like it ? 
  move , live somewhere else . 
  it 's never been easier . 
  haha , what ?!, 
  iceland is considered a terrorist nation ? 
  this is news to me . 
  if rationality took precedence over emotion then the world would be absolutely , completely , totally , entirely unrecognisable . 
   yes for scottish independence , or alternatively , leave the u.k what 's the difference ? 
   the u.k is n't , and has n't , been my home in a long time yes , it is . 
  disliking the state of your home is perfectly acceptable , but it is still your home . 
  what sentiment are you agreeing with , because the cantankerous chap above did n't posit any arguments ? 
  that all leave voters are essentially subhuman proletariat slime that ought to have their lives dictated to them by 20 year old undergraduates ? 
  if you 're a troll , you 're a poor one ; if you 're being serious , then you need help . 
  hate is a lot more effort than it 's worth . 
  let it go . 
  seriously , what 's up ? 
  nobody is this toxic purely because another country exercised a vote . 
  if you want to talk , i 'm more than happy to listen - and i 'm being sincere . 
  i do n't know you , but i 'd wager this is n't actually how you think ; be the rational , compassionate person you 're capable of being . 
  try listening to and understanding other people when they disagree or criticise you . 
  you should have no problem disarming people with the merits of your arguments if you believe in what you 're saying . 
  resorting to intolerant , racist , disgusting slurs does n't further your argument or detract from anybody else 's . 
  ok , well your assumptions about cambridge or st john 's do n't negate the fact that i attended . 
  the only thing i 'm saying is that the swede above me is being an idiot for castigating , insulting , and positing disgusting views towards millions of people . 
  it 's vile , i do n't need citations to rebuke this person 's worldview . 
  moreover , i said quite plainly that i 'm happy to talk or debate with them once they 've calmed down - because i 'm not in the habit of indulging people who spout bilious hate about the british `` subhuman scum '' . 
  do you condone what they 're saying , or condemn it ? 
   if you think scotland ** will ** leave the uk of course scotland * can * leave , as much as britain can nuke iceland . 
   i feel more scottish and european then i ever will british if you feel scottish then you feel british , and if you feel british then you feel european . 
  i do n't even buy this to be honest . 
  if you were in a bar with a spaniard , a german , a dutchman , a belgian , and a welshman - guess what ? 
  you 'll be cracking jokes with the welshman and talking about home , ribbing on each other . 
  this is the undeniable truth of your existence - you are british , whether you like it or not . 
  why reject and spurn that ? 
  seriously , why ? 
  why do you resent the rest of us ? 
   nationalism is concerning your nation not your continent , and i want my nation to be scotland , not the uk why ? 
  seriously , i 'm asking candidly and with genuine curiosity - why reject wales , england , and nireland ? 
  scotland basically made gb and the uk a union , why now is it so detestable to be grouped in with us ? 
  because brexit ? 
  again , i do n't buy it . 
  you had a referendum , the scots voted to stay by massive majority , brexit happens , polls suggest lower support than ever for independence , yet sturgeon demands it .
