  everybody 's rootin ' for putin, 
  yeah , and you 're still a part of the uk and closely bonded with england . 
  which is good . 
  i 'm very fond of wales and the welsh . 
  e : a word, 
  slytherin , one of the school houses from harry potter . 
  legally , you did . 
  countries exist by law . 
  please no . 
  i wish they \u0141\u00f3d\u017a . 
  try telling that to the ottomans ... 
  i understand that economists forecast a blow to our economy , but economics is not an exact science ; it is nothing like an exact science . 
  these same people , the banks , the large corporate organisations , public institutions , etc. , all swore that we 'd collapse without the euro . 
  they were left scared and holding their dicks in their hand back in ' 08 . 
  they 're mostly ideologues , and uncertain ones at that . 
  i think we agree on the important points here : we ca n't really know the ultimate implications of brexit , and we wo n't for a while . 
  it could go any number of ways . 
  personally , i believe it 'll work out fine and the uk 's economy , standard of living , and prosperity will not waver or plummet . 
  we 'll take it on the chin and carry on as usual . 
  also , 10 points for referring to britain as a ` she ' . 
  very good . 
  very good indeed . 
   was in hudds you really ought to have clarified this at the outset . 
  10 points to slytherin for the mogwai nod . 
  lol , i 'm not saying this is incorrect , but an article purporting that catholics outnumber anglicans is funny considering it comes from a catholic news site . 
   britain forced portugal to give up land in africa despite being an ally they clearly favoured the alliance more than the land , no ? 
  besides , all of the old colonizers gave up land for peace . 
  it 's hardly a travesty . 
   portugal did n't do anything similar to britain in india similar , yes ; to the same extent , no . 
  christ , those were the days , back when the uk could own foreigners as chattels , perform the odd whimsical genocide , and still make it home for tea and enjoy a classic episode of dad 's army . 
  all this talk of the old days has got me hankering for a crate of irn bru wkds and a frenchman to spit at . 
  fair enough . 
  i 'm too tired to veer off on a political tangent . 
  enjoy your evening . 
  just making a half-arsed comparison of countries occupying foreign territories . 
  now * that * is what i voted for !, 
  i 'm just surprised you have n't scalped any poles or burned down a mosque yet . 
  we 'll need good warriors when the time comes to finally annex ibiza and mallorca . 
   hate crime is up 41 % reported hate crime . 
  hate crime which has largely been debunked and rebuked . 
  a lot of reported hate crimes , when the investigation reached a serious stage , were later confessed to have been fabricated examples of `` what was coming '' . 
  the same happened in the us after their election . 
  for the genuine instances of hate crime , sure . 
  but none of us are discussing how those levels plummeted back to the normal rate you 'd expect to see in any western country after , oh , a week ...  if you lived in germany , the germans held a referendum with most of the talk being about how there are too many people like you around , and it passed ? 
  again , there is almost * nobody * in the uk , leavers included , silently muttering insults in the pub whilst overtly signalling to foreigners . 
  i have no idea why you 're promulgating this notion . 
  let 's suppose i was in germany and they 'd just had a referendum , and the general tone was `` fuck off '' . 
  i would n't leave , no . 
  i 'd appeal to their reason , i 'd try to have a dialogue with them , and if 95 % of people i met were unwavering in their beliefs , then i 'd associate myself with the 5 % . 
  if 100 % of them asked me to fuck off , then quite frankly i 'd finish my business there ( be it study , work , or family ) , and then leave . 
  this is not the case in the uk , so please stop presenting it as such . 
  the `` divisive '' narrative comes from people like you , who insist on nitpicking any little instance of perceived xenophobia to support your self-fulfilling prophecies and confirmation bias that the uk is some sort of haven for pale , ginger , noisy racists . 
  it 's simply not true , but the more people like you keep who on demanding that we conflate everything with race and/or nationality , the more the uk will begin to crack . 
  get on with your life and stop desperately seeking to find the ill in the world , for christ 's sake ... 
  these isles will be a smoldering collection of rocks in the sea before long anyway . 
  may as well have a little fun whilst we still exist !, 
  i do love europe ; i love all of it . 
  our history is the most fascinating story known . 
  our cultures are the most interesting , inviting , and refined . 
  we have an awful lot in common with each other , believe it or not . 
  whether or not one party is a member of a club does n't sever the tether we have to our cousins across the waters . 
  the uk is highly respected by the continent and the rest of the world , hence the overhaul of effort to get us to remain in the union . 
  nobody wanted the uk to remain as some sort of subjugated , castrated subordinate state ; they wanted the uk to stay because we 're the biggest asset ( alongside germany and france ) . 
  we had different ideas , and wanted to try something new . 
  i voted to leave , and idgaf if people think i 'm a bigot or a fucking xenophobe for doing it . 
  similarly , i love europe - but that does n't mean i 'm some sort of pandering please-all fool . 
  i 'm an individual , and my ideas , my desires , my fancies , my woes , all of them are my own . 
  stuff you for suggesting i 'm kissing arse . 
  the original point i was making was that : if every nation in the eu voted to kick the uk out , we 'd invariably feel a tad snubbed . 
  i would n't hate them or be vindictive about it , i 'd just think `` oh , they do n't agree with our way of doing things '' . 
  so no , i disagree with your comment , and i disagree with the continentals who make wild assumptions about us . 
  whether you agree with the law of the land is inconsequential . 
  disagreeing with taxes does n't exempt you from paying them or suffering the penalty for evasion . 
   several countries are being dragged out who ? 
  scotland , wales , england , and ni ? 
  that 's not several countries being `` dragged '' out . 
  that 's the uk . 
  you can argue that half of the uk is being taken out against their will , but to that i 'd simply say `` tyranny of the majority , you knew what you signed up for '' . 
   and amicable split to a leave voter is generally '' give us everything we want or your just being spiteful eu no , i disagree . 
  i think leave voters largely want the process to be underway as soon as possible , and they do n't want to be punished for it . 
  people have varying definitions of what constitutes `` punishment '' though , aye . 
  dude , stop looking at everything through some warped , skewed , political lense . 
  the tories are n't out baying for blood and rounding up the smallfolk for `` re-education '' . 
  it sounds just like the anti-thatchers who were burning effigies of her after she died . 
  when asked , `` what 's your grievance with the formed prime minister ? '', 
  they had very , very little to say . 
  absolutely . 
  one moved here shortly after the vote , the other has lived here for about 3 years . 
  one wants to become a citizen and start a family here , the other is undecided as to how long they want to stay ( they 're eyeing up norway as a potential move ) . 
   there are people who have felt so unwanted that they have already left well , frankly i find that a bit pathetic . 
  i have polish friends here , italian housemates , and a half-french , half-danish girlfriend . 
  none of them have suffered any `` hate speech '' or anti-european sentiment . 
  besides , if i lived in germany and somebody called me a `` english cunt '' , i 'd throw a little bit of spice back at them . 
  i 'm not about to let the occasional insult determine my life , and nor should anybody else . 
  subbed . 
  i live with two italian scientists . 
  one is currently vying for citizenship , the other is securing the longest employment contract here that they can achieve . 
  both their friends and families are scrambling to get jobs/university places in the uk . 
  might be anecdotal , but that 's my experience with eu nationals living here . 
   see how ** tits up ** everything is going to go it sounds like you already know how `` everything is going to go '' .
