  if i decide to hike through the wilderness with little to no provisions , and no clear destination or plan on arrival , then i do n't expect you to feel responsible for my death . 
  i do n't even want to know what that is . 
  a french 007 ... are you trying to start a war ? 
  jesus christ on ice . 
  never been on voat before . 
  just clicked the top sub , `` young ladies '' , and can safely say that `` jailbait '' might be giving them the benefit of the doubt . 
  the girl i just saw looked about 12 . 
  how on earth is that legal ? 
   you do n't know what it 's like to be black in this country everybody suffers , but sitting around pointing the finger and pissing on everybody 's chips is n't going to help you . 
  blm cry on college campuses and scream revolting things at people , they are n't active in the community teaching kids how to approach cops , or talking to police forces , they rant on and on about how black people should instinctively fear and be wary of police . 
  that 's not conducive to anything but a potentially sticky situation . 
  there are always exceptions , yes , sometimes a black guy is going to get pulled over by some horrendously racist cop - but no matter whether you 're preventing a bad situation , or you 're hopelessly found in one , blm 's philosophy on it contributes absolutely nothing other than identity politics and toxic cynicism . 
   these problems have been around since exactly 1865 . 
   we 've been treated unfairly and it needs to stop i hate to be blunt , and i 'm not taking denying the racial plights of us history , but ... so what ? 
  that 's a long time ago , and the us has come a long way - father than a lot of countries still around and practicing slavery today , and whose history of it goes back far further . 
  every us citizen can vote . 
  every us citizen has the same basic rights . 
  black people are n't denied any opportunity ( aa would actually suggest the opposite ) . 
  us culture has a cornucopia of black figureheads and role models . 
  where is the oppression ? 
  the only thing i can think of is `` well , the oppression is in the public attitude '' , but then that would necessitate the majority ( or at least some large section ) of the white population to be insidiously racist , which is - in and of itself - a racist sentiment . 
  there 's plenty of things that have been around for a lot longer , but that does n't mean we obsess over them today and continuously torture ourselves dwelling on them . 
  things progress organically , and that tends to take time - race relations in the us are n't going to suddenly become perfectly harmonious because a bunch of people harangued their college professor with insane accusations about white supremacy , or incessantly weaving the same narrative of the ` patriarchy ' , ` white privilege ' , and all of the other bizarre things blm rave about . 
  i 'm english , and england has been invaded a lot of times , and there 's been a lot of bloodshed , for a long time . 
  yet , here i am , and i 'm not hectoring people about the need for greater defence and a reparations from the french , the danes , and the dutch . 
   we have as much a right as you do in this country . 
  no , you have far more of a right because i 'm british and i 'm not an american . 
  you have infinitely more right to your country than i , and you share all of those rights equally with your countrymen . 
   i 'm not over here tryna understand the motivations europeans have for the extreme hate of gypsies probably in about three countries , and extremely rare . 
  there were horrible things done to the romani people in european history ( see : wwii ) , but nobody is pulling their hair out over it today , and the gypsies are n't spouting bile at people and accusing every man and his dog of having ` non-romani privilege ' . 
   it seems that you do n't like black people i do n't dislike black people , and nor do i love them - it all rests on the individual 's merits , as with any group . 
  blm should try it sometime . 
  i 'm not a us citizen and therefore i should n't comment on us affairs ... 
  if that 's your stance , i do n't see why your opinion should count on a european sub concerning european events . 
  oh , wait , they 're interconnected and tend to influence each other . 
  blm should devote their time to working in the black community , improving education in the cities , reestablishing the family structure in the black community , combating and addressing black-on-black crime ; they ought to be teaching young black kids that they 're not victims - they 're people like anybody else and have a right to self-determination . 
  instead , blm focus on instilling a sense of oppression into every single ethnic minority in the us . 
  their message is devoid of self-help , and relies solely on ` us vs them ' and corrosive bullshit like `` it 's not your fault your dad left , it 's systematic oppression ! '' . 
  ** all they do is chant like a cult at white college professors and look for any possible way they can be a professional victim . 
  they scream down megaphones saying fuck all ** . 
  there are plenty of black kids in the us who come from shit backgrounds - they meet the typical criteria of inner-city , no dad , poor mother/grandmother ... 
  yet they succeed , they excel , they go on to become commendable individuals ; their race is a tertiary factor . 
  what 's the difference between these people and others ? 
  they * do n't allow other people to convince them that they 're powerless * . 
  blm is a fucking joke that middle-class college kids in the us subscribe to to feel like they 're doing something worthwhile . 
  they 're not ; they 're exacerbating a problem that does n't exist . 
  it 's so fucking tenuous that they had to expand into trans , feminist , and other social justice avenues just to accumulate more followers . 
  sort yourself out . 
  give me as break . 
  the founder of blm was literally calling for the execution of police , the subservience of whites , and a whole litany of other detestable ` ideas ' . 
  it 's a hateful cult without a single intellectual mind between them . 
  hypocritical ne'er - do-wells hellbent on attacking every boogeyman imaginable . 
  they 're an absolute disgrace to the black people in america . 
  an absolute , unequivocal , disgrace . 
  education and media dominates the minds of the population . 
  the right can hold office , but if they 're being tarred and feathered for every single memo then their power/influence is sorta stifled . 
  read the manifesto and demands of blm on their site . 
  they 're racist idiots who like to play victim for a living . 
  there 's a uk chapter . 
  couple of people chained themselves to heathrow runway last year ( around christmas i think ) . 
  fuck knows what they were trying to achieve . 
  it never caught on . 
  thank . 
  god . 
  considering that kurds are at the very heart of the violence , i 'm not entirely sure what point you 're trying to make . 
  the kurds might not be as prevalent as isis , for example , but one has to note that they 're a small minority and do n't have the power to exert themselves . 
  plus , they themselves have proven capable of atrocities in the name of ideology ( centered around islam , shockingly ) . 
  the common core of the violence is islamic ideology and the various schisms within which make it so volatile and destructive not only to itself , but to the outside world . 
  some are preferable to others , yes , but every single one has so far proven to have a propensity for ethnic cleansing , monoculture , etc. 
  there 's 1400 years of it . 
  we 've seen the cycle time and time again : islam disagrees with itself , `` but islam has no contradictions !, 
  '' , it has an internal war , one side gets stamped out through horrendous violence , the religion reconciles itself under a consolidated ideology , and it then expands . 
  the only problem is that , as it expands , it inevitably becomes more disparate ( as empires are wont to do ) . 
  so , what happens then ? 
  islam has a disagreement with itself , `` but islam has no contradictions !, 
  '' , etc. , etc. 
  rinse and repeat ad infinitium . 
  as much as i 'd like to say secular kurds like the ypg militias are alright , they 're embroiled in the same basic islamic ideology : there can only be one true religion , one true book , one true interpretation , one true culture . 
  we 've seen it time and time again , and western interventionism is the perfect case study for this sort of thing . 
  same thing happens every time . 
  ask yourself honestly , the kurds who are currently being armed by the us - if they ever attain power , do you truly think they 'll uphold a pluralist , secular society ? 
  or , like every other example we 've seen , will there be a huge power vacuum which - surprise , surprise - is primed for some religious group to double-down on piety and ` unite ' the state under totalitarian belief ? 
  i hate to sound like a ` iamverysmart ' type , but religion consistently causes problems , and islam is the final , most recent , most potent , most totalitarian one of all - hence it outperforms other religions in violence and oppression . 
  kurdish sunnis and shias might not be as bad as wahabists , but i would n't ever want to live in their society . 
  i doubt you would either . 
  you 're definitely right - but the reality is that christians , jews , sikhs , hindus , whatever , are n't currently in a violent crisis . 
  keep dreaming . 
  we inquire into all sorts of aspects pertaining to people 's attitudes and beliefs , religious zealotry should n't be exempt . 
   i would see it as sailing through difficult waters as opposed to giving up and sinking the ship yourself . 
  i was going more for a ` stop the ship from moving until we can figure out how to avoid a wreckage ' . 
   i can count myself lucky though , because the constitution of my country and my opinion allign pretty well in this regard . 
  as can i for the most part , the reason i 'm so concerned about this issue is that there will inevitably be monumental constitutional crises in the next few decades which will dwarf the ones we 're currently discussing , unless we take action quickly . 
  precisely what that action should be , i ca n't claim to know - but there absolutely has to be more extensive probing and inquiry into muslim communities , as currently the public and the state is more concerned with being perceived as racist than quelling growing violence in the west . 
  it 's nice to get another opinion , though , so thanks for taking the time . 
  take care and enjoy your weekend , bavarian bro . 
   what you are saying is absolutely impossible to introduce . 
  it would not be impossible to introduce , it would simply be nigh on impossible to perfect . 
   if muslims have to be subject to this , anybody has to . 
  the state can not single out people because of their religion . 
  correct , but the priority should be acknowledged as muslims .
