  interesting . 
  it was still essentially ottoman for a long time though - no ? 
   in all languages we should call it blackmount . 
   ca n't wait to get out of here where are you thinking of going to ? 
  ottomans . 
  old sport had the patience of a saint . 
  the left-wing media did an effective job too , it seems . 
  the incantations of `` project fear '' and cheap hyperbole speak volumes . 
  it 's impossible to take either side seriously when the default register of discourse is to transparently skewed . 
  this is just * wrong * . 
  it 's utter gibberish . 
  again : show me an instance where a british politician , media outlet , public figure , organisation , whoever , has attacked polish * people * . 
   brussels is the member states it 's hard to take you seriously when you say shit like this . 
  i lied . 
  me and old nige are coming for you . 
   no more associating with my betters erm , sure . 
  you inferred some sort of superiority ; i did n't imply it . 
  ( if it came across that way , consider this me clarifying that this was n't my intent ) . 
   thanks for letting me know how much you do n't care . 
  i 'm sorry , but romania does n't really crop up in my day-to-day life . 
  romania is n't all over the front news . 
  romanian issues are n't really discussed in many countries . 
  i 'm not saying romania is worthless or easily dismissed , it just ... does n't come up ? 
  again , i was n't trying to provoke you . 
   but countries are gr but people are gr - but tissue is gr - but cells are gr - but matter is - i 'll tactically rephrase so that you ca n't be hilarious : i like the idea of individual nations , each with exciting cultures , people , histories , etc. 
  collectivism is offensively dull . 
  think fantasy vs sci-fi . 
  i 've no prejudice or preconceptions of romanians , despite your apparent preconception that brits are obsessed with you . 
  i do n't pay any mind to you guys . 
  i only find it strange that a lot of eu members are so quick to use the eu as a vehicle to equate themselves with france , germany , etc. 
  i prefer individuals , not groups . 
  genuinely did n't mean offence by it . 
  hmmm . 
  what 's your opinion on norway ? 
  switzerland ? 
  iceland ? 
  denmark 's rejections of further integration ? 
  we are not turning our backs on anybody ; we are turning our backs on a failing , disagreeable political project which the uk public have no interest in being party to . 
  if you 're overly-dependent on that and choose to conflate your country with the project , that 's not our responsibility to constantly check on how every nation identifies and wishes to be treated . 
  we 're not going to pander to everybody to make them feel warmer . 
  the uk was always a `` special kid '' because were were routinely rejected membership , routinely despised by our neighbours , and all of this despite having played a significant role in shaping modern europe as we know it today - * and * defending it from domestic and foreign threats . 
  there 's a lot to bemoan britain for , but if war kicks off in europe you can be sure the union flag will be coming across the waters to sort shit out . 
  again . 
  we care , believe me . 
  if people want to insist that we do n't , they 're going to be sorely disappointed . 
  nobody is bothered about romania . 
  ( no offence ) . 
  it was the opposite - it was the uk slowly becoming disillusioned with the eu and withdrawing , hence the referendum . 
  besides , if we want to tally-up who gave the finger to who , the eu wins overwhelmingly . 
  i detect that this is true , and it 's sad . 
  thankfully , mega-states who overextend and become nasty have a habit of fitting their own noose . 
  let 's hope the eu takes a warmer approach . 
  like i mentioned , i have n't read up enough on the legal aspect of it all , so that 'll have to wait until i 'm home . 
  i certainly think there 's a degree punishment to it , or simply a show of force to  appease the people at home that they are `` being tough '' which i totally understand . 
  whilst this would be easy to do with southern european states or the east , it 's going to be markedly more difficult and messy trying to achieve this with second biggest economy and one of the biggest players in europe . 
  hopefully it can be a clean severance , and everybody will remain friendly . 
  idk . 
  well if the uk population * does not conflate the citizens of europe with the political entities of the eu * , then why do people keep on insisting that we do ? 
  i 'll be perfectly honest and say that i 'm a europhile . 
  history , food , culture , all of it . 
  what i am * not * is an eu-phile . 
  there is a massive distinction to be made here , and when there are rampant eu federalist lunatics who keep on insisting that the eu and europe are inextricable , guess what ? 
  the uk is no longer a part of europe by virtue of the vote . 
  * that 's * divisive . 
  pro-eu folk seem largely to consider themselves inclusive and tolerant , but every day it 's becoming apparent that this only applies to certain members of the club , or poor , helpless minority groups to be conscripted and re-educated . 
  any brexiter or trump supporter is dismissed and looked upon with disdain , because they ( for better or for worse ) oppose the dominant narrative of the last twenty years . 
  just imagine jamaica voting to leave the commonwealth , people would be cheering them on saying , `` they have the fifth largest economy , they 'll be fine '' , `` they 're establishing independence . 
  good on you , jamaica '' . 
  nobody would be saying `` you fucking idiots , do n't you realise you 'll perish without the commonwealth ? 
  learn your place '' . 
  i 've probably ventured far into ranting territory now , sorry . 
  but the british people do not think that the eu and europe are the same entity , because they are not . 
  this was reiterated dozens and dozens of times both during and after the referendum . 
  all of this exhausting `` pick a side '' language that gets thrown around these days is really , really frustrating . 
  you 're either alt-right or ctrl-left these days . 
  where 's the fucking delete option ? 
  no problem !, 
  enjoy your day !, 
  this word is being abused . 
  anyway . 
  considering i voted to leave and i bear no animosity to my european housemates , or any other average european person - ~ ~ so ~ ~ no , i do n't `` know '' that . 
  the more you promulgate britain as prejudiced and xenophobic , the more you fall into the trap of * actually * generalising an entire people and culture . 
  that 's prejudice . 
  the press in the uk painted the vote as a rejection of this `` nest of corrupt bureaucrats '' . 
  there was not a bad word said about germans , spaniards , czechs , or fins . 
  it was a vote against a political project that the british people , in the majority , told to leave them alone . 
  please share with me all of these instances of the british press , politicians , or public saying `` well , i voted to leave because i ca n't fucking stand the french '' . 
  you ca n't . 
  well , it 'll be perfect for you then !, 
  if you want to see the moors then i 'd suggest the peak district/derbyshire . 
  bleak , yes , but astoundingly beautiful !, 
  stanage in particular is a very nice ( :, 
  people keep repeatedly making this mistake , which is upsetting . 
  we rejected the political institution of the eu and its players , not europe and europeans . 
  brits largely do n't give a shit , they like europeans , or the small minority just like to take the piss . 
  good point . 
  like i said above , i can appreciate that we have a legal duty to honour our commitments , and as you mention these are probably myriad and very difficult to sift through . 
  i get the impression that instead of simply paying our ` termination fee ' , there 's now calls for broader penalties as well , which , as an englishman , i 'm naturally not thrilled about . 
  we voted for it though . 
  hopefully both sides will remain friendly and prosperous throughout negotiations .
