  there 's a humongous distinction between the two . 
  re human rights : these will be protected by uk law either by ( 1 ) incorporating the echr into uk law , or ( 2 ) drawing a codified british constitution , as was proposed in 2008 ( by the tories , i believe ) . 
  we 're european , god damn it !, 
  fair point !, 
  i still think by 2021 the uk will have a trade deal with india , though . 
  british indians are a sterling example of how integrated immigration can be wonderful . 
  what ?!, 
  i 'm genuinely not . 
  what makes you think that ? 
  i 'm only being succinct as i 'm at work . 
   you expect the eu to be extremely friendly and will be ticked off if the uk does not get terms favourable compared to most yes ... why should a european nato ally get treated worse on trade than canada , for example ? 
  we want the exact same treatment . 
  when i say i 'd like there to be some remembrance of our history together , i really would !, 
  a little bit of camaraderie , not exemptions and perks wherever and whensoever the uk decides . 
  and hey , we 're not at war with the eu . 
  we disagree with it and chose to opt out - nothing more , nothing less . 
  that 's totally fine with us , honestly . 
  we simply do n't like the idea of people ( not necessarily involved with the eu ) demanding that the uk be `` made an example of '' . 
  that sounds sinister and vindictive . 
  either way , ww3 is n't coming and the uk is still european ( even if nobody wants us ) . 
  * access to the market * , dude . 
  i 'm not saying the uk should enjoy the same privileges as france or portugal , but i ca n't imagine why the market should be totally off-limits to us . 
  honest question : do you live in the uk , and , if so , do you truly believe that what you 've just said is an honest representation of the country and its people ? 
  and i never said the eu owes us anything ; i said that i 'd like to think centuries of history together would cast us in a different light to , say , zimbabwe . 
   especially considering where it came from . 
  ouch . 
  dislike the uk much ? 
   name me one remainer with the same level of activity and prominence of farage that said such things repeatedly . 
  tim farron , nicola sturgeon , nick clegg , david cameron , obama , etc. 
   all that another referendum would tell me is that the british public were hopelessly ill-informed about the decision that was posed to them . 
  this is prime r/iamverysmart . 
   sounds like someone is triggered . 
  wh ... what ? 
   considerably faster than you 're managing , i have a career , and it 's deadline month . 
  i 'm off in an hour , so i 'll talk then if you like . 
   how many other languages do you speak btw ? 
  i speak french and english proficiently . 
  and lol @ nietzsche . 
  take a deep breath and get off the internet for a while . 
  why would the eu campaign so feverishly to get the uk to remain if it 'll only hurt us , and leave them relatively unscathed in comparison ? 
  have you considered asking where this angst came from ? 
  in the end it will only benefit ideologues ... would you admit that the eu is an ideological endeavour , thus being substantially composed by ideologues ? 
  i think brexit was a rejection of ideology and a turn towards individualism . 
  call it isolationist , but i prefer smaller government and greater individual liberty ( or classic liberalism/libertarianism , for short ) . 
  have some faith . 
  the west has never been , is not , and never will be some russian marionette . 
  stay vigilant , but there 's no need to assume the bogeyman is dictating everything from the shadows and secretly undermining civilization . 
  yeah , because i made a mistake . 
  my point was as follows : being exposed to certain language/narratives for extended periods of time unwillingly coerces the subject to adopt said narrative if not duly careful to think independently of the press , etc. 
  i have n't accused you of poor english or of being unintelligent ; i was just curious . 
  no , but huge compared to the rest of the world . 
  plus , the eu 's economy will invariably be damaged once the uk has left . 
  oh , my apologies then . 
  i 'd sincerely appreciate a reasoned response to my last comment . 
  totally agree . 
  although , as stated , i 'd like to be treated with a bit more warmth considering we fought and won two world wars for this continent . 
  and , you know , we 're still a part of europe ... 
  5th largest behind us , china , japan , germany . 
  fair enough , as long as we 're treated fairly and on the same terms as other huge economies . 
  if the eu decides to cut off its nose to spite its face , then i 'm afraid i can already hear our corporation tax rates plummeting . 
   the uk wo n't be treated worse or better good . 
  although i 'd like to think we 're still considered as european by our cousins on the continent , the same as we harbour no ill-will towards them . 
  we should n't get the same treatment as , say , n korea . 
   the uk is [ ... ] shifting toward a populist and racist state . 
  remind me what 's wrong with populism , i.e. 
  the people running the country ? 
  secondly , that 's a rather broad brush you 're smearing an entire people with , do n't you think ? 
  how dare you spew such erroneous and false notions . 
  the uk has been a tolerant and multicultural society for decades . 
  border control = / = racism , bigotry , xenophobia , or any of the other buzz words the general population seems to have recently incorporated into their daily lexicon . 
   who decides what is ` vindictively ' ? 
  the oed and other such sources . 
  the uk simply does n't want the eu to pursue a wrathful approach just because the uk wants more self-determination . 
   the uk 's leave campaign was poison-tongued up to the tonsils aspects of it were . 
  so was the remain campaign . 
  ~ ~ iy ~ ~ it was a heated political moment for the uk . 
   making shit up to discredit the eu the issues of sovereignty , globalism , and greater control over immigration were not fictitious or merely conjured out of thin air . 
  they were the primary drives behind people voting to leave . 
  yes , depending on which side you 're on you can devise an argument for ( a ) why the eu is amazing , or ( b ) why the eu is awful . 
  sovereignty , border control , etc. 
  are pretty black and white . 
   the eu itself is tired of playing nice with the special british snowflakes i agree . 
  we 've never truly committed to the eu . 
  i resent the term ` snowflakes ' , however . 
  snowflakes thrive when they stick together . 
  regardless of whatever `` britain will crumble '' narrative you might want to spin , in 10 years we 'll see that it simply is n't true . 
  threats are threats . 
   they 're a bunch of vindictive nazis nobody has called the eu nazis , dude . 
  chill out . 
  nobody has said they 're being vindictive ; all that 's happened is that the uk has politely asked for the eu to respect its wishes and not lash out in retaliation for a perceived slight . 
  post-war britain was rough , yeah . 
  we had our cities and state infrastructure mercilessly bombed for years , but we held our ground which means more to most of us than economic prosperity does . 
   you thought europe would be only a club instead of a political project yeah . 
  if the eu was purely an economic community , as the eec was , then i seriously doubt that britain would have decided to leave . 
  nobody is really asking the eu to bend over backwards ; the uk has simply requested that the eu does not behave vindictively now that we 've opted to leave . 
  the uk is asking for access to the market , just not membership . 
  similar to the us , china , etc. 
  what he 's saying is essentially this : punishing a country for disagreeing with you is a hallmark of authoritarian spite . 
  we do n't want to be enemies , so do n't treat us as such . 
  edit : downvotes because people apparently prefer their muted disapproval than to actually articulate their thoughts .
