  so if moldovans , and * only * moldovans , suddenly started to kill themselves en masse , suicide after suicide after suicide , you would n't consider it a moldovan problem ? 
   police mismanaged the situation . 
  you have n't a clue what you 're talking about . 
  read the wiki page , read the sources , read the facts of the case . 
  police did n't mismanage a rape gang for over thirty years with administrative whoopsies . 
   all this happened because some people violated the law , and another ** did n't act as they should ** . 
  it 's been established time and again that the council did n't want to probe the issue for fear of appearing racist . 
  in addition to this , pakistani communities throughout the uk vote overwhelmingly for labour , who held the council at the time , and did n't want to lose their votes by castigating the pakistani community in rotherham . 
  the whole ordeal was allowed to endure for decades because people did n't know how to tackle the fact that the perpetrators were all pakistani . 
  fear of being branded a racist took precedence over the worst child sex crimes imaginable . 
   who did it ? 
  and who is responsible for that ? 
  read about it , you 're on a computer . 
  from the wiki : * jayne senior , who was present , said weir [ from the home office ] was subjected to a `` tirade that lasted i do n't know how long '' . 
  according to weir , at some point after this an official warned her against mentioning asian men : * * ` she said you must never refer to that again . 
  you must never refer to asian men . 
  and her other response was to book me on a two-day ethnicity and diversity course to raise my awareness of ethnic issues ' . 
  *  criminality is not a question if adaptation . 
  rape is crime in pakistan as well as in uk . 
  go and live in pakistan if you think attitudes towards rape are the same as they are in the uk . 
  that 's delusional . 
   stop being racist . 
  make your police do their job regardless of ethnicity of criminals or victims , as they should . 
  i 've merely made the observation that pakistani communities in the uk are catastrophic failures . 
  they are , and blindly turning away from the issue and pretending that it does n't exist widens the divide . 
  afro-caribbean , indian , and polish communities are very tolerant , very british , and very inclusive ; pakistani communities are violent , unwelcoming , and isolationist . 
  i care far more for the truth than being labelled as a racist - i really do n't care for such low-hanging deflections . 
  * edit * : more examples of how pc sensibilities betrayed the british people :  court records showed 17 cases of localised grooming in 13 northern towns since 1997 -- 14 since 2008 -- in which 56 men were convicted of sexual offences against girls aged 11 -- 16 . 
  the cases involved two or more men who had groomed young girls they had met on the street . 
  several cases resembled rotherham , with girls being passed around groups . 
  of the 56 , 53 were asian , 50 muslim ( mostly pakistani heritage )  the government ordered that the council publish its serious case review . 
  it was published with passages blacked out on 61 of its 144 pages . 
  norfolk obtained an unredacted version , and found that the council had hidden the men 's ethnicity  cases highlighted by norfolk included that of a 15-year-old having a broken bottle inserted into her ; a 14-year-old being held in a flat and forced to have sex with five men ; and a 13-year-old girl , `` with disrupted clothing '' , found by police in a house at 3 am with a group of men who had given her vodka . 
  a neighbour had called the police after hearing the girl scream . 
  the girl was arrested for being drunk and disorderly , but the men were not questioned . 
   the newspaper cited a 2010 report by the police intelligence bureau that said , locally and nationally , and particularly in sheffield and rotherham , `` there appears to be a significant problem with networks of asian males exploiting young white females '' . 
  south yorkshire children were being trafficked to birmingham , bradford , bristol , dover , manchester , and elsewhere , according to the police report . 
   a document from rotherham 's safeguarding children board reporting that the `` crimes had ` cultural characteristics ... which are locally sensitive in terms of diversity ' '' : * there are sensitivities of ethnicity with potential to endanger the harmony of community relationships . 
  great care will be taken in drafting ... this report to ensure that its findings embrace rotherham 's qualities of diversity . 
  it is imperative that suggestions of a wider cultural phenomenon are avoided . 
  *  in august 2013 norfolk published the story of a 15-year-old rotherham girl , described in adele weir 's report in 2001 , who was allowed by social services to maintain contact with arshid hussain , despite having been placed in care by her parents to protect her from him . 
  ( hussain was jailed in 2016 for 35 years . ), 
  the girl had been made pregnant twice . 
  one of those `` aware of the relationship '' , according to the times , was jahangir akhtar , then rotherham council 's deputy leader , reportedly a relative of hussain 's . 
  he resigned but denied the claims . 
  akhtar was one of the officials later described in the casey report as wielding considerable influence on the council and reportedly known for shutting down discussion about the sexual abuse . 
   the [ home affairs ] committee heard evidence that three members of a family connected with the abuse of 61 girls had not been charged , and no action was taken when a 22-year-old man was found in a car with a 12-year-old girl , with indecent images of her on his phone . 
  crompton said that `` ethnic origin '' was not a factor in deciding whether to charge suspects . 
   because most of the perpetrators were of pakistani heritage , several council staff described themselves as being nervous about identifying the ethnic origins of perpetrators for fear of being thought racist ; others , the report noted , `` remembered clear direction from their managers '' not to make such identification  theresa may , then home secretary , accused the authorities of a `` dereliction of duty '' . 
  she blamed several factors , including rotherham council 's `` institutionalised political correctness '' , inadequate scrutiny and culture of covering things up , combined with a fear of being seen as racist i find it staggering that you would actually suggest that this cruelty endured for so long simply because of a few clerical errors made by some incompetent police officers . 
  shame on you . 
  consider the [ rotherham rape-gang scandal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rotherham_child_sexual_exploitation_scandal ) , where thousands of girls ( predominantly white and british ) were systematically raped , abused , abducted , drugged , and treated like human garbage . 
  this was committed solely by the pakistani community . 
  the crimes were known to the police and to the council for decades , and they deliberately ignored it and failed to intervene for fear of being branded ` racist ' . 
  if it had been poles , brits , greeks , spaniards , germans , romanians , or virtually any other racial/ethnic group , the crimes would have been dealt with a lot sooner , and the lives 1400 young girls and ( now ) women would still be intact . 
  for * over thirty years * , girls as young as 11 were raped , impregnated , abused , kidnapped , drugged , tortured , degraded , and utterly shattered ; and all of this was allowed to happen because of the crippling fear of straying from the pc doctrine . 
  countless reports and investigations purposefully sabotaged , ignored , deleted , and thrown out , all for the sake of appeasing pakistanis in the uk . 
  if you come here , you adapt to us - we do n't adapt to you . 
  for thirty years , these girls were kicked to the curb by the people charged with protecting them . 
  thirty . 
  years . 
  stop being terrified of being slammed as a ` racist ' . 
  pakistanis are largely a fucking disaster in the uk . 
  no other ethnic community in britain has failed as spectacularly as the pakistani community . 
  so , yes , `` gangs of different backgrounds '' * would * be preferable in some circumstances . 
  we do n't have a problem with foreigners ; we have a problem with pandering to communities who have no loyalty to our way of life , and instead we just insist that we have to adapt and cater to them . 
  i thought r/europe was tolerant and inclusive ? 
  i thought coveting `` my space '' and fearing intruders was called xenophobia ? 
  it 's more like 90 % bbc . 
  the sun has good sports pages , so i hear . 
  fair enough . 
  it does n't seem quite so strange now , thanks . 
   you can guess which ones the ... french ones ? 
  it 's nothing short of bewildering . 
  i appreciate his campaign platform was very pro-eu , but it was totally unnecessary to greet your republic for the first time to the tune of a substitute anthem that bears half the significance of la marseillaise . 
  there 's plenty of time to be pro-eu during his incumbency , so why on earth would he need to come out with an anthem that 's younger than my parents ? 
  play it after la marseillaise or something . 
  it was the eu seizing an opportunity to send a message , and gave no regard to the increasingly disillusioned public - especially the le pen crowd who are primarily concerned with france being ` erased ' as a culture . 
  idk , it was strange . 
  there 's definitely an element of that ( with any press , i think ) , but the outrage would lie primarily with the public . 
  i 'm struggling to understand how that 's relevant . 
  what do you mean ? 
  if our pm , on election day , played any anthem other than god save the queen , there 'd be a national outrage . 
  it seems an awfully peculiar thing to do , especially considering the current climate in france . 
  fair enough , but should n't la marseillaise have taken precedence ? 
  i think you 're mistakenly conflating ` influence ' with ` popularity ' . 
  moreover , you 're mistaken again in the claim that he was never elected - he has been an elected mep for over 20 years . 
  he essentially stoked the entire brexit movement , he 's world renowned as a populist figurehead in broadsheets and tabloids alike ; the entirety of europe and the west knows who he is and what he represents . 
  the fact that you 're so acutely aware of a british mep is testament to his influence . 
  your opinion of him is inconsequential to the reality that he 's a household name , unlike the vast majority of other british politicians . 
  yes , the uk has had mixed feelings about the eu for some time . 
  that 's never been exclusive to the conservatives , however . 
  this gave me a good chuckle , very good . 
  whether you agree with him or not , he 's one of the most influential british politicians in decades . 
  legends are n't always fairy-tales , my dear . 
  well , yes . 
  this sub ( for the most part ) propagates a precise ideology , and they protect it with all the feverish solipsism of a cult . 
  ` cultural marxism ' is a bit of a damp term , but the notion of national cultures all merging into a conglomerate blob is certainly the prevalent goal among certain schools of thought . 
  typical ~ ~ german ~ ~ austrian ... 
  the list of english and british legends could fill the european parliament twice-over .
