  my point is purely anecdotal : in my experience , as a british person who voted to leave , there is a clear , resounding absence of anti-baltic sentiment in ` my world ' . 
  during the euros , a popular polish pub in my city was one of the more popular venues to watch the game . 
  yes these are only my experiences , but your initial comment posited that the poles are regarded as ` others ' in this country , whereas i contested that i 've never known a pole living in britain to struggle with the language , share the cultural values , etc. 
   that is the view from india . 
  sure , and that 's fine . 
  people change their minds . 
   the uk is n't even in schengen . 
  it is not affected by schengen . 
  firstly , you 're correct in the first instance that the uk is n't in schengen . 
  i 've never suggested otherwise . 
  however , it 's your second remark that i dispute . 
  to say the uk is unaffected by schengen is either grossly ignorant or deliberately absurd . 
   canada is part of nato yeah , i went full retard there . 
   exit as in leaving yes , ceasing out membership . 
  imagine you worked at a fruit shop and got paid for it , got some free fruit , etc. 
  if you then left that job and became a florist , you can still go and buy fruit from that same shop , place orders , make a complaint , anything that an ordinary customer can do . 
  what country on this planet has a press that the people consider candid ? 
  certainly not the uk . 
  let 's suppose the newspapers did * genuinely * represent the precise views of , say , 5 % of the uk population . 
  why on earth would you then conflate attention-seeking headlines with identity and beliefs of 60million + people ? 
  though it may be anecdotal , i can vouch for a leave voter ( myself ) and say that i adore europe and i am european . 
  i have n't read any papers that refer to any european country in a derisive manner . 
  i have n't seen so much as a facebook status saying such things . 
  the british government came out and said it yesterday , and the british people have been saying it for months : we love europe , we are european , we are your family . 
  it upsets me to see random sensationalist headlines skewing people 's perception of others , which is true for both sides of this issue . 
  because , apparently , we 're anti-supranationalism , we are the bees knees , and we 're terrified of migrants . 
  i got halfway through your comment and quickly realised it was very well reasoned , sincere , and engaging response . 
  * thank you * for that , truly . 
   both parties will suffer , the eu as well as the uk . 
  that is why the eu would prefer the uk to stay . 
  and european/eu world influence will suffer without the uks clout too . 
  another reason for the eu to regret the british decision . 
  totally agree with you . 
  the angle i was aiming at was that i do n't much like the line of argument that some ( not all ) civilians , politicians , public figures , etc. , take - which is that the uk is doomed but the eu will shrug it off like a champ . 
  we 're the only other contributor who makes a net loss besides germany . 
  that 's huge to the eu , not to mention that the uk is the eu 's greatest exporter , and , surprise surprise , germany is the prime beneficiary of this export ( insofar as their motor industry relies heavily on the uk at the moment ) . 
  not only that , but it 's quite clear that the eu not only wants the uk to remain to maintain stability etc. , but they also did n't want the uk to leaver as it represents something absolutely fatal to their ideology : a competitor at the gates ; a menace to its integrity , an undermining force of the eu 's dna . 
  personally , i find that ludicrous . 
  honestly , it 's virtually unheard of for a country to ` claim independence ' from a larger political entity , only for said nation to then be reprimanded , intimidated , and insulted for making an autonomous decision . 
  i understand the signal that the uk sent could have been a little less blunt , but we 're british ... we 'll take responsibility for our actions , be polite , and keep our chins up . 
   i can not easily pin down ... 
  in response to that whole paragraph : again , i agree . 
  it 's exhausting trying to collate all of the smaller and larger motives for why people voted the way that they did . 
  we 're never going to accomplish such a feat on reddit . 
  i do , however , think that `` global and national '' problems invariably contributed to the political and social climate of the uk , which instigated and carried the vote . 
  no doubt . 
  i think that can be said for a lot of global politics though . 
  and what is `` middle england '' ? 
  the majority of england and wales , and a substantial part of ni . 
  well , ok , then you have to agree that the majority of voting citizens in the uk voted to leave , and that does n't necessarily mean that they 're all apes who have crawled out of their cave to vote . 
   you are correct in implying that the well , i think it was born ( or at least conceived ) for economic purposes , with the coal and steel community ( between germany and france , iirc ) . 
  it became rapidly political and unnecessarily interfering with maastricht , and it just keeps snowballing from there . 
  what 's more , is that the uk has been `` ravaged by war '' too , and we understand very well the plight of what 's happened on the continent , particularly in the 20th century . 
  we might have a bit of a cold demeanor , but we still remember waterloo , and normandy , and dunkirk . 
  i absolutely believe that europe ought to be together , but i think the eu is a superfluous and even corruptible . 
  europe has grown up , and we 're not going to descend into chaos in the absence of supranational governance . 
  of course we 're together . 
   i strongly reject the notion that i think brexit - despite toxicity of both campaigns , etc. , etc. , - * was * a vote for liberalism . 
  but , to be honest , that 's a wholly different conversation in an of itself . 
  i 'll have to leave that until tomorrow . 
  suggesting that the average brit is yearning for an orwellian state could n't be more wrong ; privacy laws here have been under intense debate for many years , and we 're dealing with that . 
  but overall , the average brit is perfectly content with the government providing national healthcare , better education , less * unchecked * immigration , and economic opportunity . 
  secondly , we have a large degree of agency over our government ( compared with many places in the world at least ) , and can continue to incrementally improve and refine our own systems as we have done for millennia . 
  the opportunity to leave the eu came quite suddenly , and we were quite conscious of the fact that such an opportunity does n't regularly present itself . 
  and , evidently , the majority of people wanted to leave , for better or for worse . 
  trust me when i say this : the uk does not have an epidemic of people who think they 're owed a `` more comfortable life than foreigners '' purely by merit of being british . 
  the worst people in this country - the brutish , hateful , nasty people - basically just want to be ` left alone ' by anybody who does n't suit their definition of british . 
  they do n't expect anything from anyone . 
  they do n't feel like france , or poland , or croatia owes them anything - they just want britain to go back to feudal times . 
  and , yeah , like i said we 'll sort this current government out ( and especially the snooper 's charter ... 
  i hope ) . 
   lastly , i do n't think the west nor do i , as you know . 
  that 's partly why i ca n't understand the disbelief and sheer astonishment that we * dared * to leave the eu , and the hysterical response both domestic and abroad . 
  regardless of your political leaning , it can not be easily refuted that brexit was a shining example of western civilization * purely by virtue of being a wacky democratic experiment * . 
  christ , just look at the past hundred years in europe . 
  the idea of `` the west '' goes back far further than the cold war , too . 
  all that 's really changed is the size of the west ( i.e. 
  and yeah , i think we agree on why western philosophy is clearly more preferable to alternatives ( because it is so pluralistic , qed ) . 
  what i 'm struggling to comprehend , however , is how brexit runs contrary to liberalism , democracy , human rights , etc. ? 
  as i 've stated above , the referendum was a quintessentially western phenomenon . 
  we can argue about the integrity of the narrative surrounding it , but that 's not a critical factor in deciding votes like brexit . 
  fair point about it not being the most `` reasonable '' form of politics , but it 's no worse than anybody else . 
   i see brexit as rejection of liberal values i think i 've addressed the issue of whether or not it 's characteristically liberal or not , so i 'll leave that . 
  your remark about our sovereignty being `` immaterial '' confuses me slightly , however . 
  i assume you 're arguing that because our pm never ran in a general election , and because the snooper 's charter crept through the back door , that this has somehow irreparably compromised our liberty . 
  finally , it saddens me a little to hear you say that the west is critically wounded , and that the times are already so `` perilous and dark '' . 
  that sounds defeatist , and just plain disingenuous . 
  europe is stronger and more bonded than ever before , and the brits are n't leaving europe , if anything we 're advancing civilization by testing the uncharted waters of alternative economic and political models within europe , all whilst assuming complete liability , purely for the intrepid pursuit of political science and advancement :p, 
  international law . 
  separation of powers . 
  echr becoming uk law . 
  not to mention foreign intervention if the british people find themselves under authoritarian rule . 
  see : history . 
  no , the schengen area and merkel 's policies surrounding the syrian refugee crisis did that . 
  i 'm literally meeting my polish friend at the pub tonight . 
  we work in pretty much the exact same profession ( albeit she 's a little better than me ) . 
  and yeah , we wo n't be lax with immigration from a country with 1.4 billion + people . 
  obviously . 
  we are european . 
  we are not a part of the eu ( for much longer ) .
