  well , what can g do about this ? 
  g can call upon lobbyists , party members , public figures , and so on , to dredge up data representing the increasing prosperity of portugal 's current currency . 
  `` if we were to adopt our own currency , as you can clearly see , the outcome would be * catastrophic * for our economy . '', 
  some undecided voters swing to g , and some p voters swing to g - not because they enjoy the parties belief system and policies , but because they have been told by an authoritative figure that their lives and their family 's lives will be in ruin if they do not choose g. similarly , p might choose to whip up a few reports on how the current currency is failing the economy , how portugal 's politicians are in bed with large corporations who seek to subjugate the portuguese economy in order to have dominion over its people . 
  hmmm . 
  lots of g 's voters are starting to consider that p 's idea of a new currency might not be too shabby ... 
  cheers for the discussion !, 
  e : words, 
   buzzfeed news reported stopped reading . 
  a politician gives a forecast on a currency . 
  how is this an attack on democracy ? 
  edit : will anybody explain this ? 
   these are politically motivated quotes designed to weaken liberalism and democracy throughout europe go back to bed . 
  the ruin of the labour party lies solely in their silence . 
  labour voters overwhelmingly voted to leave , and the party turned their backs on them and decided to wade out into the lake and drown instead of listening to their traditional voters . 
   jeremy corbyn never seemed to think ftfy , 
   people who voted did n't even know the realitites of the eu or it 's relationship with the uk oh , please give it a rest . 
  what 's to stop me from saying the same about remainers ? 
  how many of them can list the eu institutions and their functions ? 
  how many could distinguish between the european council and the council of the european union ? 
  how many of them can debate over the tfeu and the teu , etc ? 
  i was studying law at one of the top three universities in the country , and guess what ? 
  upwards of 70 % of my peers voted to leave . 
  i suggest you cease being so condescending and abrasive towards people who disagree with you . 
   brexiters swallowed anti-eu propaganda as did the remainers with the eu 's narrative . 
   i 've yet to see a fact that is true about the eu which the brexiters used as an argument the supreme court being the last point of judicial authority in the uk . 
  we are one of only two countries who contribute to the eu with a net loss ( germany being the other ) . 
  we are subject to eu directives and regulations , which are harmful to british industries whilst conducive to the betterment of other nations ' . 
  parliamentary sovereignty ( this is a little less clean-cut , but is still accurate ) . 
  and so on , and so on . 
   most probably russian backed propaganda did you arrive at that conclusion by yourself , or did the news skull-fvck it into your brain ? 
  please substantiate that claim , else i 'll dismiss it as  based on lies furthermore :  so yes , they are wrong wrong about what , exactly ? 
  the desire to be self-determined and not a member of a supranational entity ? 
  how can that desire be `` wrong '' ? 
  please elaborate . 
   they are wrong about the eu and globalism for the love of god ... 
  please , again , elaborate . 
  what are the primary merits of globalism ? 
  how does the vote to leave affect this ? 
  what are the primary merits of the eu , and how does brexit negate these ? 
  honestly , you seem like a nice person , but i get the overwhelming sense that you 're just parroting whatever your peer group chant at their ` activist ' meetings . 
  simply reiterating the same , hollow , low-resolution talking points simply is n't good enough . 
  the uk voted to leave , so please refrain from assuming the mantle of superior knowledge and perception , and start challenging your own beliefs . 
  i 've been classically liberal since i was a wee lad , and i 've also veered towards conservatism and libertarianism - because i 've read for myself and made my own paradigms to live by . 
  i did n't vote leave because a bus said that the eu was draining # 350m a week ( or whatever the claim was ) . 
  formulate your own ideas and stop falling victim to ideology . 
  edit : a word, 
   solid evidence that 's like comparing the brightness of the iss to that of jupiter , and then inferring that the iss is bigger . 
  apparently ignorance has become synonymous with age , and wisdom with childhood . 
  who knew ? 
  in all fairness , these same people were the ones who had lived within the eu for the longest , had watched it develop , grow , witnessed the effects it had on their lives , etc. 
  i agree though ; they had better education and buying a house was no biggie compared with today . 
  just saying . 
   snp [ ... ] looking like massive hypocrites . 
  reminds me of a certain nationalist party , whose leader campaigned for the merits of closer union . 
  corsica : always split down the middle . 
  [ do n't make me destroy you . 
  ] ( http://giphy.com/gifs/darth-vader-star-wars-totcomz5st37g ), 
  til simplifying sentences yields the result of effectively communicating more efficiently the purpose of said , not-so-simple sentence , particularly when communicating something in a sentence whose purpose is to effectively convey the point simply . 
  pipe down , rebel scum . 
  true , especially considering the luftwaffe 's efforts in britain amounted to very little in terms of priming the country for invasion , which would have been their last hurrah in the west . 
  even though , as you say , it made sense to fortify the eastern front with ground units , i 'm always surprised at just how exposed the germans left themselves . 
  i mean , france was reclaimed almost as quickly as it fell . 
  the nazis were simply stretched too thin , i suppose . 
  oh , give it a rest . 
  shrieking that i 'm ignorant of european history , we 've already established , is getting us nowhere and is plain false . 
  have you ever paused to reflect on the history of european superstates and their merits ? 
   complacent and arrogant sorry , in the midst of your admirable effort to listen to an opinion other than those that make you feel warm and fuzzy , i 'd almost forgotten your innate superiority and knowledge when it comes to europe 's future . 
  never again will i forget that you are the true arbiter of what what is moral , what is true , and how we should think . 
  leave your computer off for a day or two , go outside , talk to a stranger , go to the park , read a book . 
  wtf , that 's bonkers . 
  til . 
  there were tornadoes in wales this year . 
  ** wales ** . 
  no , i 'm actually being serious . 
  we 'd make great friends . 
  rule britannia , god save the queen , etc. 
   i proclaimed a substantial yes , yes . 
  i 've already said that you need to draw the parallels . 
  you 've held up the uk and accused it of nazi-esque behaviour , and i 've asked you to hold nazi germany up in the other hand , and fit the pieces of the puzzle together to illustrate your point . 
   stop parroting the same line about `` british values '' parroting ? 
  i 'm not sure i follow , but alright . 
  i 'll rephrase to western values . 
  democratic values . 
  european values . 
  first world values . 
  what 's your point ? 
   there is a large amount of nationalist sentiment in the uk , and many think that fine depending on how you 're defining nationalism , would you care to elaborate on why * a nation possessing a sense a national identity * is malign ? 
   you presume that they had nothing * sigh * . 
  no i do n't , and i have n't said that . 
  quote me if i 'm wrong and i 'll hold my hands up . 
  what i said was : india , for better or for worse , acquired technological , social and political advancements as a result of being party to the british empire . 
  i 'm not saying it 's * preferable * or * good * , i 'm just stating fact . 
  india might look completely different if it 'd never happened , but that 's just how history unfolded . 
   then stop accepting the overblown claims . 
  what `` overblown claims '' have i subscribed to ? 
   you think it does ? 
  delusional , simply put . 
  i literally answered `` nope '' , and you still managed to disagree with me . 
  why did you do that ?
