  * sigh *, 
  tfeu ( rome ) never stipulated anything about political unity though . 
  we could have kept it strictly economic , but instead what was once a noble endeavor has been bastardized and mutated into an murky political superstate . 
  the maastricht treaty was the beginning of the end for the uk . 
   at the present time there 's no possibility to make an agreement between the eu and the uk if you want to use your own rules but also i want to use mine yes , there is . 
  the uk has said `` let 's trade and be friends '' . 
  unfortunately , the eu seems more concerned with sending a message to its other vassal states not to leave by trying to punish the uk . 
   i can see there 's a lot of wishful thinking on monday the potus clearly stated that he 's looking forward to trading with post-eu britain . 
  over the past few months ( and as recently as this week ) , the uk has seen literally billions invested in state infrastructure and energy deals from china . 
  in 2013 , the imf released a detailed report stating that the commonwealth economy will have surpassed the eu economy by 2019/2020 - more or less around the time that the uk will officially be outside of the eu . 
   when we talk about long period policies it is very difficult to guess how the future will be then why are you so confident that :  the eu wo n't collapse ? 
  at the end of the day , we 're still european , but we value our independence and self-determination more than easy trade . 
  we wish the eu would succeed , but we 're no longer going to be complicit in the economic ruination of greece , spain , italy , ireland , portugal , etc. 
  the eu needs to be scrapped and reformed imho , only then can we create something truly worthwhile . 
  firstly , the uk is n't trying to cut every agreement with the eu . 
  we 've said a million times that we 'd like things to remain more or less the same - but we will operate outside of eu trade policy and make our own rules . 
  secondly , the uk is the world 's 5th largest economy . 
  we 'll have closer trade with the us ( 1st ) , china is going crazy with state investment ( 2nd ) , japan ( 3rd ) are lining up for a new deal . 
  add onto this the commonwealth ( you know , canada , india , australia , nz , south africa , and literally dozens of other commenwealth nations , and it starts to look a lot more appealing than the eu bloc ( which is teetering on the edge of catastrophe ) . 
  and that 's just the countries we have a history and common culture with . 
  when the uk leaves the single market , we 'll do just fine . 
  hell , we might even have a huge headstart on the rest of europe if the eu does indeed collapse . 
  edit : spelling, 
  you asked me how leaving the single market would affect trade with the us , aus , japan , and other non-eu nations . 
  answer : because the uk will soon operate by different rules than the single market . 
  wto rules are effectively just a seal which says `` this country can trade '' . 
  north korean have access to the common market under wto rules . 
  the crux of it is this : we 'll effectively be aborting trade within the single market as a member , and instead trying to access it as a partner . 
  we 'll also be forging fresh trade agreements with international communities that - until now - we 're been prevented from establishing fair trade with . 
   china/india , seriously , what apart from weapons do you have to offer them that they do n't already have ? 
  i genuinely laughed at that . 
  have you ever been to india ? 
  have you ever been to china ? 
  he 's a straight up anglophile . 
  see [ point 6 ] ( http://www.lawyersforbritain.org/eu-deal-single-market.shtml ) . 
  around 80 % of nazi ground forces were concentrated purely on combating the russians during the latter stages of wwii . 
  geert wilders is going to rock your world . 
  no , our former colonies will reunify with us . 
   this seems suicidal we have the commonwealth , the us , japan , and ( more than likely ) a few large european economies who ca n't afford to cut ties with us . 
  india . 
  chinese state investors . 
  it 'll be tough work , but we 'll be fine . 
  go back to bed , you impudent toad . 
   the little teeny tiny bit of bargaining power 1 . 
  the eu and the uk would be fools not to make a deal . 
  it hurts both of them . 
  the uk has the entirety of the common wealth to now engage with ( which , by the way , was forecast by the imf in 2013 to be a larger economy than the european single market ) . 
  yesterday , the largest economy in the world announced its plans to trade with the uk and form closer ties . 
  the uk has a dagger at the eu 's neck . 
  if there 's no access to the single market , the uk will become a tax haven and nuisance to europe . 
  reform the byzantine empire, 
   britain 's increasingly isolationist character we prefer the term ` self-determined ' . 
  and treated as criminals for their political beliefs . 
  us poor brits :(, 
  be happy that we 're doing our own thing , and trust that we 'll be fine . 
  also , the uk returning to the eu is less than 1 % . 
  we 're still european though , as we 've proved time and time again . 
  there 's no need for hysteria . 
  how dare you . 
  [ / r/writingprompts ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts ), 
  thank god somebody pointed out * both * civil wars . 
  not to mention the revolutionary war , which was its own form of civil war . 
  wow, 
  tptwp will save you . 
  geert wilders , born amid salt and smoke . 
  as somebody who voted leave , your comment brings a smile to my face . 
  it 's time to weather to storm together , for better or for worse . 
  onward and upwards . 
  put your tinfoil back on . 
  we 're 99.99 % leaving the single market . 
   you claim special treatment for yourself only well , we ca n't presume to speak on what treatment france needs , or what lithuania needs , or what norway ought to do . 
  of course we can only speak on our own wants and needs . 
  we 've always opted for `` special treatment '' anyway ( e.g. 
  no euro , no schengen ) . 
  why 's is so unforgivably wrong for a country to pursue its national interests , and leave other nations to do the same ? 
  ( all the while , i might add , cooperating with and supporting allies , neighbours , friends , etc. ), 
  just like the uk . 
  i think he meant hate towards the uk . 
  we 've been somewhat castigated by the european community since voting to leave the union . 
  black forest ham is a revelation . 
  nice snap . 
  guy threw one hell of a house party though . 
  the same press and media who battled exhaustively to remain in the eu ? 
  the eu * is * a superstate , or at the very least yearns to be . 
  whether you believe that 's a wonderful thing or a sinister thing , is a matter for debate . 
  besides , i stand by my point : sturgeon is a hypocrite . 
  the leader of a separatist national party , who also covets large-scale unionism ... how does anybody take this lady seriously ? 
   denarii * add_money 40000 *, 
  contrary to popular belief , the armada was n't as disastrous as it 's presented . 
  spanish troops landed on british soil , and the british counter-armada was a woeful failure . 
  fellow monarchy , too . 
  your sentiment could n't have been expressed in a more british manner . 
  stop appropriating our culture !, 
  also inb4 `` europe = / = eu '' . 
  reeeee . 
  til spain is stannis . 
  so focused and effective it took millennia to re-emerge , and even then only for a brief ( if glorious ) time . 
  only a sith deals in absolutes . 
  settle down , my little englander, 
  how on earth do you know that ?
