  * fuck off britain , you 're an overreaching , colonial tyrant who oppresses the constituent countries of your union !, 
  * it 's almost freudian . 
  it 's as though there is this giant overly-mothering figure that people assign to the eu , hold up as the pinnacle of virtue , and it 's super conducive to co-opting other potential members - because they 're all infantilised children who ca n't take care of themselves properly and therefore need the eu , or they 're tyrannical fathers who are going to destroy everything and leave the world in chaos . 
  so you * must * have the eu , for your own good , or else you 're a baddie . 
  idk , this `` always eu , forever eu '' stuff is seriously worrying and outright fucking creepy . 
  at * best * i 'd consider it reasonable to be in favour of something similar to the eu whilst retaining all the necessary skepticism to ensure it does n't mutate into a monster , keeping it held to account , etc. 
  i mean , seriously , why the fuck are people so prematurely and * wholeheartedly * becoming like ( for lack of a better term ) the eu youth ? 
  `` more power . 
  we want an army . 
  federalise . 
  get more members . 
  more people . 
  more migrants . 
  fuck it '' . 
  it 's insane . 
  in 20 years we 'll look back and say - `` what the hell happened there ? 
  we should 've maybe pumped the brakes a bit and let it happen organically '' . 
  i 'm british , voted to leave ( hi downvotes !, 
  ) , and i 'm still massively critical of my country , the incumbent government , the leave campaign ( s ) , my countrymen , the media ( all sides ) , and so on . 
  why would n't i be ? 
  why allow yourself to become a fucking ideologue , a shadow of a person who has all of their beliefs and political leanings basically prescribed to them ? 
  this sub terrifies me sometimes . 
  i 'm just finishing work , so i 'll only leave one small remark : well , nato are vying to get the eastern bloc into the club , are n't they ? 
  namely ukraine , for obvious reasons . 
  this is what i 've heard , anyway . 
  i ca n't verify that at the moment . 
  i definitely agree that we should seek to maintain nato as a force to be reckoned with , though . 
  thanks for the reading material , too . 
  i 'll be sure to have a read once i 'm home from the pub . 
  speaking of which , i 'll probably update this response once i 've had a moment to leaf through the above . 
  cheers again for the links . 
  this is basically the same boat i 'm in . 
  there 's nothing controversial about outlining putin 's somewhat seedy ascension to power - i 'm more than happy to admit this guy most likely played rough to get where he is today . 
  but , like you , i think whilst i appreciate that he 's adopted the western capitalist model of `` help all your friends out and run the country together '' , it just . 
  i do n't know , it does n't seem to warrant 15 articles a day on russia 's * potential * involvement with x , y , and z. 
  if there 's substantive evidence , i 'll start looking into it , but when an article starts with '' * potentially credible * sources have * suggested * that they * may have been * some * indirect link * between former russian officials and the wh . 
  * possibly * '' , i turn off . 
  i may as well be reading about how we ca n't prove star wars did n't happen , which is a shame for the journalistic world and the public both . 
  whilst i 'm sure there 's some truth to russia having interests in th eu derailing and the us opening up talks again , i just ca n't help think that people are convinced of something that has n't even been posited as fact yet . 
  moreover , the way people are responding to the ` russian problem ' is flabbergasting - it 's like they 've just discovered how politics work . 
  like , seriously , russia are 20 years behind us when it comes to this game . 
  it 's hardly shocking , and i do n't think it ought to be depicted as exclusively russian ( imo the states and europe have a far longer and more efficient track record of subversion , corruption , destabilisation , and so on . 
  nobody can contend this ) . 
  idk , i guess i 'll keep on the same path i 'm currently walking : look for the kernels of verified information amidst a sea awash with guesswork and , sometimes , outright bullshit . 
   he is not hiding his expansionist views and he is actively working behind the scene to divide eu well , nor are nato in all fairness , and from a russian perspective , us troops forming a line in the eastern bloc might well be regarded as some small act of aggression . 
   a totalitarian leader who wipes his ass with human rights i 'm aware of his stance against lgbt ` propaganda ' , but i was n't aware that this actually infringed on any person or group 's rights . 
  if you can provide more info that 'd be great , if not i 'll have to look into it after work . 
  cheers for the response anyway , i 'm having a hard time fathoming how much of this is a cause of genuine concern and how much is media spinning . 
  whilst i totally agree that the prospect of an autocratic oligarchy is a bit unsettling , i ca n't help but think that this is only our view of russia because that 's how our own societies paint them . 
  have you lived in russia , do you have an intimate knowledge of their history , culture , and politics ? 
  i do n't , and i 'm not inclined to pretend that i do . 
  the way i see it is that they basically learned how to play the game and the west does n't like this ( as it threatens our superiority ) , so we 're castigating and denouncing russia whilst simultaneously acting as though we 're the paragons of democracy and justness . 
  yeah , i definitely take a few of your points there . 
  judge politicians by their deeds , being an underdog does n't necessarily mean one is unjustly done by , politicians have a tendency to be corrupt . 
  this is what i do n't understand - why russia , specifically ? 
  why not zaire , denmark , singapore , mongolia , tunisia , australia , or whoever else ? 
  why are n't people quick to point out the commonalities between , say , the putin administration and their supposed strategies , and the past 5 us presidents - with a * proven * track record of subversion , deceit , manipulation , etc ? 
  why was n't this at the forefront of the public 's concerns 3 years ago ? 
  are people actually informed about this , or are they getting all of this information from openly anti-russian outlets ? 
  basically i detest and reject unbalanced discussion . 
  from what i can see , there has been no balanced discussion regarding russia , let alone a dialogue with them . 
  the impression i get is that the west is suddenly upset that russia figured out how to play the game - something we 've tried to prevent them from doing since the cold war ( perhaps understandably , depending on your personal opinion ) . 
  ha , thanks . 
  there 's something we can both rally behind ( :, 
  on the contrary , i think the vast majority of the political class commit far worse deeds than nigel farage has ( maybe because he 's not really acquired any significant position ) , and on the whole they 've a track record of being more deliberately self-serving and disingenuous than farage has been . 
  farange might be wrong , but i do n't think he 's deliberately misleading - moreover , he strikes me as perhaps overly-honest . 
  what did he do , post a photo of a line of migrants and suggest that it was unsustainable for europe ? 
  well , it * is * unsustainable and , frankly , nobody asked for it . 
  i do n't like the levels of migration we have , and that does n't automatically render me a racist , a xenophobe , or some sort of white supremacist . 
  he was forthright about his dislike of the eu ? 
  great , there are people who are very open about their desires for federalisation , too . 
  i 'm not about to castigate somebody for holding an opinion , regardless of whether i agree or not . 
  beyond your own preferences regarding the merits or drawbacks of the eu , i fail to see the controversy in making your opinion known . 
  ( and i 've yet to see a party or ` side ' do this without resorting to some variety of sensationalist hyperbole ) . 
  secondly , i do n't think he has ever really championed * himself * as the ` man of the people ' , but rather he appealed to the british public and held them up as * his * champion . 
  i think the media and the public alike prescribed him the role of ` people 's champ ' because he fit neatly into that category . 
  naturally , he 's probably warmed to this mantle and played up to it a bit over time - again , what 's the issue with that ? 
  it 's every politician 's dream . 
  this image does n't necessarily have any bearing on his policies , nor does it validate or debunk his views . 
  populism is literally a political approach which seeks to revert power to people and away from big institutions . 
  it does not , and has never , implied dishonesty , overly-simplistic silver bullet solutions , or outright misinformation . 
  this is what we 've repeatedly been told that it means , and this is the why i said it 's a perfect example of language being subverted to essentially dupe people and , for lack of a better phrase , deter them from openly supporting any particular ` movement ' . 
  what 's wrong with the idea of restoring as much power to the individual and the public , unless you regard the plebs as unworthy , incompetent , or downright loathsome ? 
  and why would the average man identify as a populist , when apparently this is synonymous with being impetuous , backwards , and hateful ? 
  with regard to the tabloids exaggerating or exacerbating issues , well , of course they do - that 's how they make money . 
  leavers said we 'd be an islamic state , remainers said we 'd be underwater . 
  it 's our responsibility to extract the significance of the stories being weaved . 
  in an ideal world it would be the media 's responsibility , but we both know that they could n't really care less about relaying pure information unless they can further some agenda or idea in the process . 
  again , dude , i 'm not `` enchanted '' by farage - i do n't want him anywhere near no. 10 , and i do n't regard him as some sort of romantic anti-hero who is liberating the world . 
  i voted to leave , yes , but i also liked watching the leave campaign flail around and desperately grasp at anything they could to support whatever their spin on the ` issue of the week ' was . 
  as did remain , of course . 
  my opinion of farage is that he seems like a reasonably amicable chap , he does n't seem to take himself too seriously , he does n't seem in the business of big government , and - the number 1 quality which all racists seemingly share - i do n't blindly denounce him as my default position . 
  ( kudos to you for actually having some more hardened reasoning as to why you dislike him - it 's typically just a chorus of `` he 's a racist !, 
  '' , `` how is he racist ? 
  '' , `` because he * is * ! '' ) . 
  on the surface , at least imo , his approach is far more appealing than the shiny , grinning , plastic politics we 've put up with for decades now . 
  is he without fault , is he infallible ? 
  does he deserve the inordinate amount of flak he receives ? 
  no , not for me . 
   will you admit that you are in fact an apologist and acolyte of farage  i 'm an acolyte of farage insofar as .
