  a query : how did the french react to macron 's entrance neglecting la marseillaise ? 
  ah , yes . 
  well , a lot of us brits enjoy poking our nose in here . 
  it 's a fascinating study into ideological cultism . 
  ( mostly . 
  there are definitely some level-headed people in here , too ) . 
  it 's an article concerning europe , posted in a european sub , and posted by a european . 
  where else would this be better suited ? 
  absolutely . 
  it 's important to remember that a significant portion of the country did n't care about the issue . 
  firstly , all i 've done is point out that the person above 's comment was ironic , so i 'm not sure where your vitriol towards me is coming from . 
  secondly , / u/rust95 has come up with far more detailed and engaging points than the bile you 've just spewed . 
  finally , it 's a shame you 're not particularly attractive in conversation , else you might convince people of your side of the argument . 
  coming out of the gates and calling people `` dumbfucks '' only reflects poorly on yourself - nobody else . 
  enjoy your evening . 
  war . 
  there were distasteful aspects of some fringe leave campaigns , i agree . 
  the 4th reich jokes on reddit and elsewhere are just jokes , however . 
  they 're not intended with any malice , and if you want to act like nazi jokes are so devastatingly offensive , then i 'll write you an epic on all of the uk jokes on here ( which , believe it or not , i can see the humour in ) . 
  enjoy a joke , being thin-skinned is too dull . 
  germany is the prevalent force in europe whichever way you look at it , so obviously people are going to poke fun at the historical parallels . 
  the fact that germany is the cornerstone of the eu and covets it is why the joke works . 
   filthy poles stealing your jobs just no . 
  we have so many cultural overlaps with the poles that they 're nothing short of popular here , especially with the working class . 
  not quite : ~ ~ 40 % ~ ~ ** 38 % ** of scotland voted to leave . 
  44 % of ni voted to leave . 
  53 % of wales voted to leave . 
  53 % of england voted to leave . 
  from the [ bbc ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/politics/eu_referendum/results ), 
  at what point did the uk attack european nations ? 
  if you want to argue that we denounced anybody , then you 'll have to concede that it was the eu . 
  and ... 
  the eu = / = europe . 
  also , 4th reich jokes are equal parts hilarious and salient . 
  germany , once unified , was absolutely * destined * to dominate europe through sheer population , enterprise , economy , location , etc. 
  if you attempted to refute that germany is and will remain the superpower of europe then i 'm afraid you 're only going to look painfully na\u00efve . 
  `` capitulating '' is the wrong word for what you 're trying to express . 
  the irony ... 
  right you are - cheers for the clarification . 
  assuming all muslims are `` brown '' is equally offensive . 
   they 're treating their preferred candidate losing a democratic election likes it 's the end of the world to be fair , this is precisely what happened when hrc lost . 
  they 're refugees until they enter turkey ; from then on they are , by definition , migrants . 
  it 's all written in english , though , which is nice . 
  i suspect they were referring to tea ( uk ) and `` donuts '' ( us ) as i said `` anglo '' . 
  but , yes , muffins are superior . 
  doughnuts * , if you please . 
  let the anglo-franco wars resume . 
  did n't wilders make ground , though ? 
  another ? 
  unfortunately , the two are very connected . 
  one ceases to be a refugee when one arrives in turkey and other neighbouring countries offering safety ; if somebody elects to leave turkey for europe , then they are de facto migrants . 
  i ca n't blame them for preferring belgium to , say , turkey , but the issue remains to be one of an exodus into europe which inevitably will see resistance from the native population . 
  my word , you 're a cantankerous little fellow . 
  < * googles sara sampaio *  i 'd kill my firstborn just to hear her fart through the phone . 
  thank goodness you 're here to light the way !, 
  the double-standard is that almost none of the media parade it around as such an abominable sin as they do with ... well , anything remotely right-wing . 
  trump says he `` admire [ s ] '' putin , and people ( overwhelmingly so on this sub ) touted it as grounds for impeachment and some abhorrent , felonious act . 
  obama does it any people behave as though christ has returned to the people . 
   you 're opinion on obama , macron and `` globalism '' does n't have anything to do with that , though it does sound a bit delusional the irony of calling reality `` delusional '' is n't lost on me , but nonetheless i 'll pose the same question to you with a follow-up : 1 . 
  why on earth would obama , a man who holds no political position , suddenly blurt out some scripted endorsement of macron , if not for the simple fact that he 's in a club with an agenda ? 
  do you deny that globalism and its forerunners have received an immense backlash in the last decade ? 
  if so , why do you think that is ? 
  if not , what exactly is happening ? 
  similarly , people will say `` obama endorsed macron - what does that speak about macron ? '' . 
  people have different worldviews . 
  your benefit is another person 's ruin . 
  be honest with me : why on earth would obama , a man who holds no political position , suddenly blurt out some scripted endorsement of macron , if not for the simple fact that he 's in a club with an agenda ? 
  he 'll be remunerated for this in one form or another , which is reprehensible imo . 
  ` globalists ' ( yes , i know the term is a little tarnished ) desperately need to rein themselves in when it comes to subversion and manipulation , else they 'll continue to hemorrhage support . 
  obama is doing nothing here but ensuring the elite can continue to shuffle people and capital around at their whim . 
  i have no doubt they believe their cause is noble , but the reality is that , until they do so with the consent of the people , they 'll continue to spiral farther down into a reputation of elitist overlords . 
  the right , similarly , needs to develop a more substantial approach to replacing globalism . 
  simply spouting off ` fuck globalism ' is n't a plan . 
  either way , obama has absolutely no reason to interfere in foreign politics besides the gain of himself and his club . 
  the surge of the far-right in the west threatens their way of life , simple as . 
   for being a piece of shit < * sigh * , 
   there 's a away missing in your sentence . 
  there 's an 'n' missing from your ` a ' . 
  putin endorsing trump . 
  unsubstantiated claims aside , there was a huge backlash just at mr putin expressing admiration . 
  this sub is shamefully shortsighted at times . 
  ... when her home nation castigated her . 
  let 's be fair . 
  he acknowledged the hypocrisy of it , at least . 
   it 's really a shame we europeans have no real place to debate our issues well , i was always taught that this is the precise purpose of the european union , is it not ? 
  :p besides , we always have the internet - so there 's that . 
   yes , it was , but this is not necessarily good perhaps not to you , no - but then who is the arbiter of ` good ' , and how do we elect somebody to determine what is ` good ' if we 're uncertain about whether we 're ` good ' in the first place ? 
  surely , by definition , we 'd be making a poor decision in any event . 
  alternatively , we can acknowledge that it 's nigh on impossible to form any consensus on what it ` good ' . 
  the fact is that most of the british public regard the referendum result as valid and binding ; to say anything different is tantamount to suggesting the british people are undeserving of an opinion ( which , i 'm sure you 'll appreciate , is an unpopular notion ) . 
   the yes and no votes encompass many different opinions too complex this is n't true , in my opinion , but let 's suppose that it is : a yes/no vote has now been distilled down to the party level , offering a multitudinous aspect to the broader outlines , and we 're witnessing people predictably going for a hard brexit ( which i suspect the majority of leave voters intended from the outset ) . 
  if indeed we see a tory landslide next month , then the idea that all leave voters were divided is scattered to the wind . 
  besides , there 's no authority to the claim `` it 's not a singular issue '' , the reality is that a very simple , black-and-white decision to the vast majority of british people , and its now one that has been heavily politicised and bastardised to the point of absolute fragmentation , and so the voters are flocking to the tories - the one party who , apparently , are treating the vote as it was initially posited to the people : in/out . 
   regarding the fptp system , i think we can all agree that it 's extremely bad . 
  i agree that a fptp system has it 's inequities , at least by some estimations , but then if you 're against this system i can help but infer that you 're championing an alternative form of democracy , similar to how the referendum was conducted , no ? 
   brits have to endure an election because their head of parliament can not endure mockery ? 
  no , i 'm not jesting ; every other party in the uk has used theresa may 's mode of ascension ( filling cameron 's void , so to speak ) as undemocratic and lacking any mandate , i.e. 
  people did n't vote for * her * to become the prime minister . 
  so may has , understandably , awarded the decision to the public so that there can be no question as to the legitimacy of the conservative party 's government and vindicates may 's brexit approach . 
  you 're right to observe that the election will likely prove fortuitous for the tories , but are we really going to be cross that politicians are harnessing popular opinion to form a government ?
