  i 'm not trying to be too critical , but maybe you should 've rephrased to something like `` i get the impression that ... '' . 
  using absolute language is n't conducive to fostering a dialogue between people - something which you say you hope to encourage . 
  moreover , if they thought `` they are not allowed to do that '' , and that was the primary drive for doing so , then this is the exact same thing as * not having your voice heard , and putting the pressure back on politicians * . 
  a silly argument , and i suspect a biased one as well . 
   the fact that we like our echo-chambers so much is in my opinion partially caused by the plethora of many different outlets voicing a range of opinions . 
  nobody has the time to check all and everything and then fact-check it against other sources . 
  so we tend to stick to the things we know and start to filter . 
  with regard to this , i think what the scotsman above me was trying to stress is that people ought to detach themselves from the constant stream of shit that floods almost every aspect of our lives . 
  when you have an organisation ( which is precisely what you 're referring to , whether you acknowledge it or not ) that * runs a supranational information/propaganda network * , there will invariably be a narrative . 
  i believe what the other chap is saying is this : you can not have an organisation that does not also have an agenda . 
  it does n't matter whether its the eu , the bbc , or macdonald 's . 
  it is a necessity of an organisation , else it is rendered without purpose and thus can no longer be said to be an organisation . 
  the dangerous aspects of this are readily obvious , and the implications of a supranational entity dishing out news stories to europe is terrifying . 
  people 's ability to think is already massively stifled by the sheer amount of entertainment we are exposed to . 
  we simply * do n't * give a damn about learning or innovation unless its * imperative * that we do so , and even then we only want to innovate and learn so that we can afford ourselves more freedom to be decadent , lazy , and intellectually-idle . 
  our desire to pig-out and recline is the cornerstone of human learning , a mechanism which has incrementally improved over thousands of years . 
  to suggest that people only comprehend what 's happening around them when they 've ingested enough shiny , polished news articles , is absurd . 
  people are more than capable of understanding why one ape acts a certain way , and why that leads to a reaction from another ape . 
  if you insist on increasingly deeper levels of analysis when , say , a man kills his wife , you 're left scratching your head and wonder how the fall of the ottoman empire led a man to kill his wife over dinner . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  if you want to appreciate what 's going on in the world , the internet is the best place to start . 
  if you seek a deeper understanding of your european neighbours ' lives , then / r/europe is the best place to start . 
  think for yourself , do n't obsess over the news or the media , do n't succumb to the idea that politics is everything , and avoid ideologies . 
  ** rupert 's land vs new france v1 .02 **, 
  yeah , but ... ** where is patroclus ? 
  there are * absolutely * genuine liberals , and these people should be cherished . 
  unfortunately , there are n't many classical liberal minds under the age of 40 , and those who * do * self-identify as `` liberal '' or `` progressive '' have done a great disservice to their predecessors of yesteryear by bastardizing everything liberalism once stood for . 
   where did you read that i wanted to forgot about ww2 ? 
  that 's exactly the opposite ... 
  i 'm not suggesting you did , believe me . 
  i was merely referring to your notion that :  we have to build the world of tomorrow , for us and for our children , and we will not do that by looking only in the past which i disagree with , because it 's my personal belief that you have to obsess over and study the psychological patterns present in authoritarian societies and their development . 
  to sweep all that we 've learned under the rug to be forgotten would be antithetical to learning from our mistakes . 
  however , having read your message again i can see that this is not what you 're proposing . 
   and in what we are together you ask ? ... 
  europe maybe , we are neighboor , we share a lot of issue just because of our location , and we share a lot of history , denying a connection between all the country of europe is stupid i agree with you . 
  my point is that the rhetoric ( i resent this word and its sudden popularity ) is overwhelming , and drives people away . 
  some guy in greece lives a totally different life from me , and inhabits a different world . 
  sure , we have plenty of similarities and common ground - but i can easily recognise that by myself , and i do n't need every media outlet and political party reiterating it to me again and again . 
  this makes it feel fabricated , manufactured , and disingenuous . 
   it 's not an utopia , not a wild dream or a far fetched theory , that 's our reality . 
  we live next to each other , we always have and we always will . 
  we need to do more that just make it work well . 
  we are dealing with the world , with bigger countries , with more ressources , more people europe never has been a `` utopia '' , and it never will be . 
  moreover , the fact that we 're smaller than other continents , have more national diversity , economic disparity , etc. , means absolutely nothing . 
  global trade , exploration , and international treaties have existed for millennia , and europe has always been the superior in almost every field ( despite a lower population and the above mentioned facets of europe as a continent ) . 
   i agree and i 'm not asking to erase every bit of our individual identity and our own culture , it 's a good thing to not always agree with each other , i 'm just stating the obvious : if we work together we are stronger ... that 's all again , i think we largely agree here . 
  but my slight disagreement ( i think ) again lies in the language you 're using . 
  it seems like you 're crying out for unity among european nations , and more solidarity ... when we have it ? 
  europe has worked together for centuries , and it will continue to do so regardless of populism , nationalism , or any other form of social/political movement . 
  europe has , for a * very * long time , been the forerunner in social and political mutation/experimentation , and we 'll continue to do so . 
  what 's the best way of achieving that ? 
  by the common doctrine that we are equal under the law , and our opinions are equal at inception , regardless of how conflicting they are , i.e. 
  freedom of expression . 
  that 's how we have revolutions ; that 's how we set the template for the rest of the world . 
   and yes the last part of my previous response sound like a pamphlet because i have to answer to your first post who was basicly `` lol germany is your ally in 2017 , they were nazi during ww2 lolilol '' , so i 'm trying to make that point very easy to understand . 
  although i do n't think i expressed my point * quite * that crudely , i catch your drift . 
  look , my only point is this : you do n't * need * greater unionism , nor do you * need * absolute independence from one another . 
  europe has toed a fine line between the two for a long time , and we 've always come out the better for it , 
   they 're very , very not serious . 
  the number of people who do n't seem to grasp this is staggering . 
  this . 
  in response to / u/yourfriendlymerchant , i 'd suggest that 's the best way of browsing / r/the _ donald - with your tongue in your cheek and with a dash of mischief . 
  the people on that sub are more than capable of engaging at the same register of intellectualism as anybody else , but i guess they see the `` post-irony '' of it all so just exaggerate all aspects of politics to highlight how absurd it all is . 
  at least that 's my general take on it . 
  plus , some of the stuff they post is absolute gold . 
  i agree that it 's a bit confusing to navigate though ; they practically speak in their own unique dialect , constituted by repetitions , collectivism , memetics , and so on . 
  it 's fascinating , not fascism . 
  i have to agree with / u/yourfriendlymerchant though - politics is at a really interesting stage in today 's world , but sadly the conversations surrounding it are repetitive , dull , and exhausting . 
  that 's also very true , could n't agree more . 
  yup . 
  it 's apes driving other apes to the other end of the boat , and then complaining about division . 
  at least we have the entropic heat-death of the universe to look forward to . 
  i 'm talking about the people who insist on treating any ethnic minority as an endangered species , and at the same time demand that everybody be treated equally . 
  i 'm talking about the people who * deny public speakers the right to address institutions which are fundamentally pluralist * , in the name of combating fascism . 
  i 'm talking about the countless top-tier professors who are leaving ivy league colleges , because the pupils refuse to engage in any idea that challenges the comfort of their own narrative . 
  i 'm talking about the ardent hysteria for equal opportunities among sexes , but not in sanitation , firefighting , or construction . 
  i 'm talking about the people who laud `` progressivism '' , yet demonstrate absolute disdain for anybody who does n't fit their idea of ` progress ' , and resort to ostracizing and marginalising them . 
  i 'm talking about the people who seek to establish punitive legislation for any instance where an individual does n't use the subject 's * preferred language * , or simply does n't care . 
  i 'm talking about the people who one year `` occupied wall street '' , and then a little while later became feverish when a known bought-and-paid-for politician lost the election . 
  i 'm talking about the people who denounce others as `` uneducated '' , because they do n't have a worthless degree in gender studies and colonialism . 
  i 'm talking about the people who lambaste the `` establishment '' for being oppressive , racist , and advocating of rape , and then championing the largest supranational , corporacratic , bureaucratic entities on the planet . 
  i 'm talking about the people who criticise western religion for its treatment of women , gays , and ethnic/religious minorities , but ca n't possibly speak an ill word about * islam * . 
  basically , i do n't enjoy wasting my time with people who enjoy bringing up a whole slew of issues , but have no tenable plan other than to berate everybody and everything for making life so difficult . 
  if you 're going to bring race up , do it with humour or within the context of a sincere , historical lens . 
  if you 're going to bring sex up , do it with dignity and respect ; do n't constantly strive to draw divisions between the sexes . 
  there are divisions , and they should be celebrated , not obsessed over . 
  if you 're going to bring up the merits or malevolence of fascism/communism/national socialism - ** read up on your history , formulate your arguments , and be prepared to debate somebody who will not agree with you ** . 
  here 's my problem with the terms ` progressive ' and ` liberal ' today : there 's no substance to any of it . 
  it 's counter-politics , reactionary and only effective in opposition to something else . 
  * classic liberals * have already won what the `` progressives '' claim to seek . 
  we 're all equal under the law . 
  we all have rights . 
  if you want to self-identify as some progressive/liberal ideologue , then at least have the decency to call it marxism . 
  yes , `` so little resistance '' insofar as it astounded contemporary governments , populations , public intellectuals , militaries , and * the nazis themselves * , at just how quickly france fell . 
  i 'm not conflating france with nazism , and i 'm not trying to go off on a tirade against france , i 'm just pointing out that mistakes were made by the french ( and others , yes ) , in the build-up to germany 's invasion . 
   we are in 2017 , and we all move forward from that , because we need to . 
  we have to build together , because like it or not we are all in this together . 
  we 're all in what together , precisely ? 
  i 'm not trying to be abrasive , but chanting mantras and repetitions such as `` we are all in this together '' , `` we have to build together '' , `` stronger together '' does n't really * mean * much beyond the hazy notion that cooperative nations are preferable ( which * very few * people object to ) . 
  but , with all due respect , we 're not all `` together '' on myriad issues - and that 's * not a bad thing * .
