  i was adopting / u/general _ mola 's term . 
  i , too , find the expression a little jarring and i would n't identify as an `` acolyte of farage '' . 
  i mentioned on another comment that this is number is totally unsubstantiated on my behalf . 
  i 'll rephrase : the * vast * majority of people discussing brexit on british media are anti-brexit . 
  i do n't get the reference , but if i was propagating that the dutch implicitly loathe the senegalese than i 'd expect somebody to correct me . 
  anti-american ? 
  really ? 
  i posted this further down , but i 'll repeat the main point here : what exactly is * so terrifying * about russia ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm sure he ( putin ) gets up to his fair share of pernicious shit , but no more than the west has been doing for , oh , sixty years - we wrote the book on subversive politics . 
  i do n't get it . 
  has everybody just decided the bogeyman stuff is legit despite no substantive evidence to date to support any of the claims ? 
  well , one british mp did suggest that the russians were behind brexit . 
  i thought this was patently absurd , but that 's just me . 
  i think i largely agree with you , though - the impression i get is that once the dems lost in the us , instead of retiring back to the dressing room , looking themselves in the mirror , and asking ` where did we go wrong ? 
  how can we do better ? ', 
  they opted for ` we did n't do anything wrong . 
  somebody else must have . 
  it 's their fault ' . 
  this is sad if it 's true ( which i suspect it is ) , as it 's hardly inspiring to think we politicians are incapable of taking responsibility and making efforts to change . 
  that 's fair - ill rephrase : just because you do n't like what he has to say does n't disqualify what he says . 
  i 've not changed my tune . 
  my point is that if you want to say farage is full of platitudes then you have to apply the same to 95 % of politicians , in which case the value of the word ` platitude ' seems a bit redundant in the context of politics . 
  it either applies to all of them or it applies to none of them . 
  he manipulates facts and statistics to serve his political goals - great , so what ? 
  the stats are still there , he 's free to interpret them in whatever way he likes , as does everybody else engaged in politics . 
  people spin shit all the time - what makes you think you 're interpretation of `` 9 out of 10 people enjoy gang rape '' is any more valid or ` true ' than the next person 's ? 
  i 'll reiterate : you just do n't agree with him . 
  also , why do people keep on insisting that populism , the position which champions the public , is somehow wrong or disgusting ? 
  it seems insulting to suggest that public opinion is stupid and ought to be dismissed . 
  i 'm not suggesting he 's not self-serving , what i 'm sort of saying is that all of them are , but his ` self-interests ' tend to be more favourable to some than to others . 
  he 's hardly campaigning to garner as much power as he can , either . 
  he just wants to tear a few institutions down , which , as somebody who prefers smaller government , i 'm not particularly averse to . 
  i 'm also not sure whether he vied for the position of ambassador , or whether trump just liked the idea and ran with it . 
  whores himself to the us media ? 
  a * lot * of people do this . 
  what 's so inherently unforgivable about that ? 
  i 'm not an apologist of farage because i do n't think he 's done anything warranting an apology , per se . 
  he 's offended a few people 's sensibilities , so what ? 
  i 'm an acolyte of farage insofar as i think he 's refreshing , influential , and has achieved a greater political feat than most other politicians could ever dream of - and he hardly ever had a seat in the commons . 
  i like his ` movement ' somewhat because i 'm cautious of globalism and supranational government . 
  i also happen to be in my early twenties , a postgraduate at one of the best universities in the world , and come from an affluent family , so i think we can dispel the `` only idiots vote leave '' platitude and start to appreciate that people are just wired differently . 
  the left and/or right will adopt whichever strategy is most effective at attracting their base . 
  that 's their job . 
  why is this all so surprising and earth-shattering to you , or am i misconstruing that ? 
  he 's an ape who happens to be engaged in politics from a standpoint that some people disagree with . 
  great . 
  welcome to the world , nothing has changed in this regard for centuries . 
  this has been bugging me for a while , so i 'm going to wade in and just ask the question : what 's the beef with russia ? 
  what 's wrong with a politician meeting with russia ? 
  what 's wrong with putin ? 
  has putin ever outright said he 's at odds with europe and the us ? 
  why is it that the only time i seem to come across him , he 's practically begging the us and europe to reach out ? 
  has anything been substantiated about russia ` subverting american democracy ' ? 
  is there any evidence to support any of the claims regarding russia 's ` secret campaign ' that everybody and their dog seemingly knows about ? 
  if the russians have done some unsavory things , is it anything markedly different from european and us politicians ? 
  why the double-standard with russia , but seemingly no one else ? 
  i 'm not particularly attracted to putin 's view of lgbt people , and the whole thing with ukraine is clearly dodgy , but everything this guy gets accused of seems to be at the expense of forgetting that , if true , he 's adopted these practices from the us and europe . 
  seriously . 
  putin goes into ukraine and people lose their shit . 
  how 's this any different to us or european foreign policy , or our propping up puppet states ? 
  seriously , why not condemn both as viciously , or ignore both equally ? 
  russian officials meet a few yanks and a few foreign politicians and it 's hailed as the death of western democracy - why ? 
  our ministers meet with a dozen countries a day , and they 're certainly not exempt from some shady undertakings , no less than any russian official - again , what gives ? 
  i can feel myself gravitating towards russia purely on the basis that i 'm instructed to hate , fear , and despise them . 
  for somebody like me ( obviously a russian agent . 
  ) , it just seems plain that whilst russia is far from an ideal state , it 's just the latest victim in a political witch hunt . 
  same shit happens with china , they just swap them around every few years . 
  people fucking laughed when romney was talking about russia being a threat because the media wanted to delegitimise him and focus on other issues . 
  clinton gets hacked by ` russians ' and people start foaming at the mouth in the complete absence of any substantive evidence . 
  maybe i 'm totally ignorant about all of this , but it just seems like an easy scapegoat to suggest russia is the root of all of our problems . 
  according to who ? 
  his doctor , himself , his family , his friends , medical authorities , his neighbour , his therapist , or just some people on the internet ? 
  if he 's an alcoholic , he 's a remarkably well-functioning one and i applaud him for having a lead belly . 
  hmmm , well it was extremely pro-eu up until about december when the brexiteers finally got settled . 
  even those people are n't exactly pro-brexit , they just want to placate the public and retain a majority in the commons . 
  `` she 's just pandering '' , sure , or `` she 's enacting the will of the public against her better judgement '' fits equally well . 
  it 's a bit ( or a lot ) of both . 
  when i say 85 % ( arbitrary number , so i 'll just say a ` vast majority ' ) are pro-eu , well , they are . 
  look at the makeup of the commons , especially before the referendum ; the only reason it 's a bit more anti-eu now is because the party has whipped them into line . 
  just look at how many elected mp 's campaigned for remain - across all parties - and then compare that number to those who campaigned for leave . 
  but yeah , i 'll leave it there because we 'll just keep honing in on the one thing we ( probably ) fundamentally disagree on , instead of basking in all the common ground we have . 
  cheers man , take care . 
  ok , well if we 're taking those as platitudes then we have to also accept that this means every politician over the last 20 years has been brimming with platitudes . 
  and so what ? 
  southern european countries * are * struggling , both economically and because of migration . 
  i 'd argue it 's hardly a platitude ; there 's been a handful of people arguing this for about 5 years . 
  secondly , europe did used to be about treaties , trade , and mutual respect . 
  it 's not that anymore , is it ? 
  again , does n't seem like a platitude at all - maybe in 10 years from now , sure . 
  finally , just because you personally disagree with farage does n't render him wrong , misinformed , or malign . 
  moreover , more or less everything you 've just said about farage * is * a platitude : he appeals to the uneducated , he 's ignorant , bigoted , self-serving , and frankly stupid . 
  this has been the accepted narrative in british media and politics for at least four or five years now . 
  so what ? 
  guess what , he 's still here , and he 's achieved his aims . 
  what does this mean ? 
  that the british public has gotten more ignorant and incapable of objectivity over the last five years ? 
  well , if you want to contend that then you 'll have to evidence something truly remarkable to exempt yourself from this same smear . 
  `` he 's the man who ca n't dance telling everyone the band ca n't play '' . 
  that 's a cheap parable . 
  that 's even worse than a platitude .
