  correct . 
  his name is [ larry ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/larry_ ( cat ) , and he 's gone from being a low-life puss to occupying one of the highest political offices in the land . 
  he 's an inspiration . 
  come and ride the lightning with us . 
  what are people `` fall [ ing ] for '' ? 
  til how to spell ` yarmulke ' . 
  war . 
  come , come . 
  castigating and marginalising others due to their political beliefs ? 
   you mean the 9 % of afd voters ? 
  because that 's the only halfway relevant eurosceptic movement in germany . 
  they get far more attention than they deserve ukip has 1/650 seats in the hoc . 
  their primary political ambition has become manifest . 
  i agree . 
  that march was embarrassing . 
  i studied the eu for years , man . 
  i know what it is , how it operates , etc. 
  it has its uses , it has its drawbacks . 
  to posit that the eu is responsible for the lack of war in europe is pretty absurd . 
  even if it were the * sole * mitigating factor in conflicts , the argument is erroneous . 
  point a : if nazi germany had conquered the entirety of europe , there would have been a 1000 reich of peach and prosperity . 
  sometimes war is good ; i know that sounds unpopular but it 's a truth of human existence . 
  i 'm not `` degrading this show of unity '' , and i fail to grasp how my point is `` pathetic '' . 
  this `` show of unity '' is fruitless . 
  it is benign . 
  it yields * nothing * . 
  its sole product is the validation and gratification of its participants - nothing more , nothing less . 
  it is goodwill wasted on confirmation bias . 
  i do n't like that . 
  moreover , insinuating that my replies are lacking in their sincerity , inferring my entire worldview from a post , and intimating that i 'm ignorant about the subject is ... well , it 's just false . 
  you know it to be false . 
  i 'm more than willing to discuss the pros and cons of unionism in europe , but i think first we have to establish that ( a ) weekly presentations of solidarity do not accomplish much , and ( b ) i 'm not ramming any sort of rhetoric down anybody 's throat . 
  well , it 's about as foreign a concept as it is to anybody else , yes . 
  my point is that i think there 's little substance or merit to simply congregating to reiterate that `` love '' feels nice . 
  yeah , every knows that . 
  there are far more pressing matters than hollow , supercilious , meaningless `` demonstrations '' . 
  germany has made it clear a thousand times that they do n't want wilders to win . 
  leave the dutch to vote . 
  they do n't need reprimanding and reminding what `` love '' is every time a poll does n't favour the integrity of the eu . 
  expecting downvotes so i 'll just say this : demonstrate about real issues , because this is plain self-indulgent nonsense . 
  campaign for better housing in the uk ; march for the women in nigeria who are being denied education and are subjected to religious atrocities ; unite for the revitalization of the italian economy and the liberation of ukraine ; make banners for the homeless in austria . 
  do something that actually counts . 
  making love hearts and placards saying `` stronger together '' has not , and will never , help a soul . 
  i 'm sick of seeing this shit , and i 'm sick of people passing it off as `` activism '' and `` political engagement '' . 
  it 's an absolute joke . 
  thanks . 
  it answers my question , but it 's still failing to make any sense to me . 
  sincere question : what was the message ? 
   demonstration sends a clear message ** message ** : germany will surround the netherlands and then strike right at its heart . 
  cogent point . 
  to my understanding , there are small legal distinctions to be made between marriage and cps ( notably the same-sex condition of the latter ) . 
  but i have to confess that i agree with you ; i see little need for cps if same-sex marriage is permitted . 
  i 'm sure there 's a legal mechanism that makes one favourable to the other . 
  perhaps assets in a cp are n't treated differently , or perhaps there are tax benefits . 
  i 'll look into it . 
  idk , but i imagine a fair number of gays are averse to religion . 
  the courts interpret laws , too . 
  unfortunately , when the act and its statutes are very precise , it 's difficult for them to do this . 
  parliament ought to amend or repeal the act . 
  yeah , he 's definitely still a huge figurehead , not only for ukip but ( with trump etc. ), 
  i 'd say the populist movement in general . 
  i feel like i have to preface every one of these questions with `` i do n't vote for ukip '' , which is depressing , but what makes you equate paul nuttall with hitler ? 
  come again ? 
  just ... what ? 
   supreme leader , fair mistake . 
  the great [ insert noun to suit your narrative here ] . 
  the uk already has the biggest fans , right ? 
  right ? 
   ukip leader 's bizarre claim ... 
  he 's not the ukip leader . 
   nitpicking really ? 
  ok .  utter dogmatic bollocks . 
  the greatest advances in research and innovation have been directly due to state funding . 
  for the most part , yes . 
  however : how do you suppose the state decides * who * to provide funding to , and do you not understand that the state is engaged in the same competitive sphere as a business is , only to a more severe extent ? 
   competition leads to innovation only as a side effect of the maximisation of profit . 
  maximisation of profit is conducive to attaining the requisite resources to research anything , both at a state level and at the level of a small business . 
   clinical dentists do not perform r&d . we 're talking at a conceptual level . 
  ( nitpicking ? ), 
   yes , it 's clearly far more efficient for ` ppl ' to be a rent-seeker over this intellectual property . 
  i ca n't discern whether this is sarcastic or not . 
   tl ; dr ; things are bad for people who are n't fortunate enough to be born into riches under capitalism , and they can suck it because '' ` life is n't fair '' ' , unless you 're rich of course well , yes . 
  depending on your philosophy , this is correct . 
  we can parse over the merits of utilitarianism and libertarianism if you like . 
  i 'd also challenge you to the following : what 's a viable , practicable alternative to this approach ? 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but i sense that you 're suggesting everybody ought to go out of their way to help/aid others , and i think it 's fairly obvious why this is n't the case and is completely unrealistic ( not to mention problematic on * so * many levels ) . 
  do you personally donate every penny of disposable income that you can to those without ? 
  do you volunteer for a substantial part of your free time ? 
  look , my point is this : 1 . 
  it 's preferable that people actively endeavor to help one another , i.e. 
  be a `` good person '' 2 . 
  some people care far less , and are more likely to succeed in business and generate massive amounts of money to the economy and their industry due to spending their energy on the `` maximisation of profits '' instead of being a `` good person '' . 
  wealth is absolutely necessary in eliminating and treating the plight of the poor/disadvantaged . 
  we can not be `` good people '' to on another unless we are afforded a certain standard of living which enables us to have free time , less personal worries , the necessary education , tech , etc. 
  being a `` good person '' ( typically ) does n't lend itself well to generating wealth . 
  you need wealth to support `` good people '' . 
  the more wealthy ( and therefore selfish ) a society is , the more it is capable of supporting `` good '' work . 
  yes , but it 's essentially nothing compared with what private practices cost . 
  hell , my brother 's `` dentist '' is an nhs worker , and he has free check-ups , free consultations , and the majority of the ` light work ' is free . 
  if not , it 's perhaps # 30-50 ( again , significantly cheaper than private practices ) .
