  so , the migrant should adhere to the host country 's customs , traditions , and social attitudes ? 
  halal preparation is typically considered unethical in europe - is it therefore demeaning to muslims that we should deny them the practice ? 
  it seems like you 're saying that any newcomer should discard of their own attitudes and traditions upon arrival , which translates basically to complete assimilation , which i think ought to be the norm . 
  this contradicts your notion that a balance can be struck . 
  we 've seen that this is n't possible , time after time ; it 's what 's causing the great division in europe at the moment . 
  i 'm not trying to be an arse , i 'm just genuinely struggling to understand your point . 
  that depends entirely on your definition of ` demeaning ' . 
  ne plus ultra, 
  we 're talking about education , not intelligence , are n't we ? 
  unless you 're positing that working class people are innately stupid ? 
  the sociology reference was an example . 
  stem do well , they pay off their debt within a few years . 
  humanities and ` social science ' graduates typically do n't go into any field or profession capable of paying back their debts and prospering , simply because jobs in ( for example ) sociology are few and far between , and at the top end you 're still hardly financially sound . 
  the majority have degrees which never pay off , that 's the issue . 
  employers generally do n't give a fuck about your thesis unless it 's very specific to the job and has utility . 
  how many drama students do you think earn 40k + per annum ? 
  how many literature students go on to be published ? 
  oh , and transferable skills are nonsense , apparently . 
  let 's keep giving out 25k certificates , and everybody is sure to prosper !, 
  lol . 
  ignoring the working-class folk who voted tory precisely because of tax relief on businesses ... that 's how one is able to become middle-class , same as ever . 
  besides , education today is a shambles . 
  over the last 20 years working class people have earned more on average than graduates , who are now debt assets with degrees in sociology and no career . 
  the whole `` uneducated and poor '' crap is absolutely baseless . 
  gary down the pub is as smart as larry doing his ma . 
  the only difference is larry is in debt and 95 % of the time does n't have any transferable skills , but that does n't matter because his extremely narrow thesis and marginally wider vocabulary will prop him for life ... 
  reddit is just a database of people regurgitating worn-out stock phrases . 
  the fact that you assume you know what 's in the best interests of people is just gross . 
  there 's so much woeful naivety in what you 've said . 
  like i said , get a grip . 
  way to smear a bunch of people . 
  i watch this at least once a fortnight . 
  around 20:30 , speculatively . 
  jacob rees mogg : the only mp capable of making boris johnson seem like a semi literate pleb . 
  top notch . 
  not for at least another generation , according to sturgeon . 
  right ? 
  my word , who would 've predicted the scots might prove to be the tories ' salvation ? 
  indeed . 
  i 'm highly skeptical as to tory gaining seats from labour , but considering the forecast has changed to within a 4-seat margin for a tory majority ( and it 's still early days ) , i can envisage a tory majority quite easily now . 
  it 's hardly a victory for them , however . 
  may will be ousted unless she suddenly develops some semblance of character . 
  what a farce ... 
  scottish gains could provide a slender tory majority . 
  either way , it 's a fucking shitshow . 
  jesus , calm down ... 
  they 're guaranteed to be the majority party . 
  it 's unlikely they 'll have an * overall * majority , but by no stretch of the imagination is it a write-off . 
  it 's still very much in the running . 
  they 're not graphics . 
  jeremy vine is a sorcerer . 
  35-45 % tory majority , if you ask me . 
  bear in mind that nobody really has a clue what 's going on . 
  it 's all firing from the hip at the moment . 
  it 's hard to tell , to be honest . 
  there are suggestions younger people are in higher turnout , which would likely lend itself favourably to labour . 
  conversely , it might be following the pattern of a higher turnout for brexit , which would benefit the conservatives . 
  it 's difficult to tell this early on in the evening . 
  however , it 's worth noting that the tories are making gains in labour seats , something which was n't predicted by the polls and may well indicate inaccurate polling again . 
  i can honestly say that the uk exit polls these days have to be taken with a shovel of salt and a blindfold . 
  the ` shy tory ' vote could well oust early labour triumphalism . 
  indeed . 
  conservatives are also making gains in labour strongholds , which could well be an early indicator of unreliable polls . 
  we shall see . 
  ~ 06:30 gmt i 'd imagine . 
  possibly longer due to larger turnout . 
   the biggest margin ever was like 15 i ca n't say off the top of my head , but the 2015 ge was certainly an upset for pollsters . 
  it 's usually touted as the exemplification of the ` shy tory ' vote , and a fore-bearer of the brexit surprise . 
  in 2015 the exit polls suggested a tory majority of 316 . 
  it later transpired that the tories acquired 330 seats ( +14 compared to exit polls ) . 
  it was widely unexpected . 
  on the one hand , it looks as though the election has backfired on the conservatives . 
  on the other hand , it looks eerily similar to 2015 . 
  if the latter holds , then the conservatives will be happy . 
  in any event , it looks set to be an turbulent night ahead . 
  edit : misread op 's question . 
  and chug a can every time `` for the many , not the few '' is reiterated . 
  i assumed we were just casting off random utterances , sorry . 
   please stop making us on the left look like idiots . 
  well said . 
  it 's nice to see somebody with their head screwed on . 
  / u/journalistinsweden , making bilious smug comments like `` it is cute how you buy into fake news '' is totally off-putting ; you 're not making an argument , you 're not addressing a point , you 're simply painting yourself as a resentful individual crammed with nothing but rhetoric . 
  this person could well be reading the exact same news outlets as you , but they came to their own conclusions . 
  how on earth you can be so certain that * you * know the ` truth ' , and any dissenting voice is somehow a brainwashed drone , only causes me to think you 're the perfect candidate for a media outlet to feed and fatten with hollow stock phrases which neglect any discussion . 
  if indeed you are a journalist , then i would suggest you return to the principles of journalistic integrity and try to form a cogent argument rooted in honest perspective . 
  posturing as some arbiter of truth has the precise opposite effect . 
  you are everything that is wrong with the modern left . 
  also , i would point out that / u/iminconstruction is probably alluding to corbyn 's meetings with the ira in the past , when british politicians were denouncing them as terrorists . 
  the bbc is largely regarded as the least biased news outlet , but by no stretch of the imagination do the majority of brits consider it impartial . 
  people from the left and right alike accuse the bbc of bias , but often in varying domains . 
  the right will be annoyed at news coverage , whereas the left frequently complain about the bbc giving platforms to the right on shows such as qt . 
  i think the bbc is a bit of a shambles , but many people i disagree with politically also find it to be a joke . 
  the fact that they consistently piss everybody off might suggest they 're doing something right . 
  david dimbleby is the personification of what the bbc ought to be : incredibly difficult to pin to any political persuasion . 
  i 'm rather conservative with my [ x ] s. 
  dry-stone wall . 
  conservative [ x ], 
  because s/he voted labour . 
  have you forgotten how theo van gogh was hacked to death in amsterdam for criticizing islam with ayaan hirsi ali ? 
   ca n't let people die in the ocean ... sure we can .
