   are you suggesting that being essentially disfigured because you ca n't afford a ` proper dentist ' is totally fine ? 
  i 'm not sure how you 've arrived at that intimation . 
  i 'll expand on that point though , if you care to debate it . 
  it is primarily * your * responsibility to ensure that you have adequate care measures in hand , and the means of affording this . 
  ( ` you ' here being inclusive of family and other ` human amenities ' that you possess ) . 
  this , of course , is generally speaking ; i 'm not dismissing the extenuating circumstances that mire some people . 
  so , if by `` totally fine '' you 're suggesting that it 's ` morally permissible ' for somebody to remain disfigured or in discomfort due to their financial impediments , then yes . 
  to contend that an individual can rely on their problems to be resolved by a third party is untenable and counter-intuitive , i.e. 
  if there is a reliance on other people remedying issues pro bono , then you 're left with a closed loop where nobody can achieve anything , because y ( who 's supposed to help x ) needs help from z before they can assist x , but z ca n't help y because they themselves need help , and their assistance , x , is currently impaired . 
  i 'll reiterate : this is in a broad context . 
  you grasp my point , i 'm sure . 
  secondly , and with regard to the ( perhaps unsuitable ) example of dental care , it is perfectly reasonable to posit that private medical care and the nhs can be coterminous ( or at least compatible ) . 
  again , in western capitalism , the motivator behind a better economy , better research , improved technologies and so on , is dependent on market competition . 
  if i wish to have a tooth replaced because mine is beginning to deteriorate , i can do so with the nhs for ~ ~ free ~ ~ virtually nothing . 
  in doing so , i implicitly agree that my treatment as an outpatient will be wanting , the replacement tooth might only endure 5 years , and i may be in pain for several weeks . 
  however , i can also choose to attend private practice ltd. 
  although ppl costs me more money , i am willingly paying the additional fees due to the standard of care that i am guaranteed . 
  if i do n't receive the care i was contracted to receive , i can find other equitable remedies in the law so that i am not left without . 
  notably , i could sue the practice for medical negligence , financial inequity , etc. 
  what 's more , i 'll take my business to private dentist ltd next time , which establishes competition and in turn provides ppl with the pressure to improve their service and their products . 
  so ppl vow to become the industry leader again by improvement . 
  six months into ppl 's renewed promise to better their work as dentists , they develop a new technology that ensures all dental implants are now permanent , do not degrade , and provide an organic anti-inflammatory gel so that all dental implants can be performed and maintained painlessly . 
  in an ideal world , ppl would provide this technology to the nhs for free . 
  but then what ? 
  if ppl are willing to give their superior dental practices away for no cost , then they have less revenue to develop the field of dentistry as a forerunner in the field . 
  you can see the problem with this . 
  tl ; dr - the world is unfair , but sometimes short-time inconveniences or ` wrongs ' are necessary and unavoidable for long-term prosperity . 
  save a busload of children today , or save an entire city tomorrow . 
  edit : a couple of words, 
   in my view , the free market strives to improve its services . 
  well , i 'd actually contend that this is true regardless of your personal opinion : competition is * the * cornerstone of capitalist business , and therefore improvement is necessitated by the prospect of conquest . 
  not much changes whether it 's envelopes , batteries , or anti-biotics . 
  privatising is preferable in many respects for this precise reason . 
  that 's not exactly true . 
  i can either have a bad tooth ( a ) removed by the nhs ( not ideal ) , or ; ( b ) i can pay a private practice to remove the tooth and put a state of the art smile in my face , it 'll last longer , look nicer for longer , etc. 
   i am confident to posit that a significant part of the exit voters did n't have all the information they needed for an iformed vote simple question : is it easier to know ( a ) the differences between the european council and the council of the european union , the doctrine of judicial review within a supranational entity , agricultural directives , etc. , etc. 
  ( i.e. 
  all the many beautiful reasons to remain in the eu ) , or ; ( b ) i do n't proclaim to be an expert , but i know that this experiment is unfavourable to me , and therefore i 'd rather not have anything to do with it . 
  realistically , you can not say that remainers were more informed . 
  moreover , you ca n't say so without the corollary that the eu and supranational marxism is inherently correct . 
  i 'd disagree , but that 's another conversation for another time . 
  ( and yes , we all know the bus was exaggerated . 
  news flash : * nobody * gives a fvck ) . 
   i did n't imply anything even close to the things you said here you stated that :  they voted for brexit , because they thought that they are not allowed to do that so , yes , i think it 's fair to say that you ( perhaps inadvertently ) illustrated the british public as petulant children throwing their toys around . 
  check . 
   heed your advice and maybe use the phrase `` i get the impression that ... '' wh ... what on earth ... ? 
  what 's your point ? 
  what i said is , broadly speaking , empirically and objectively true . 
  propose a counterargument or concede that point . 
   i was talking about education and information . 
  if this in your world equates to shiny shit , maybe you should reform your educational system . 
  you posited that people ought to read as widely and as extensively as they can so as to ascertain the ` truth ' of something . 
  i contested that this is a dangerous way at approaching education , namely in the context of organisations propagating information with some subterranean agenda . 
  that 's what these posts have all been concerned with . 
  for example , and trace back over another point i made earlier :  if you insist on increasingly deeper levels of analysis when , say , a man kills his wife , you 're left scratching your head and wonder how the fall of the ottoman empire led a man to kill his wife over dinner . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  if you instruct people to analyse a thing too deeply , it becomes more and more difficult to determine what ( and * why * ) that thing has occurred in the first place . 
  i.e. , if a man killed his wife for burning his dinner slightly , we might saturate our investigation into why he did so , with unnecessary volumes of information , applicable but superfluous theory , and so on . 
  * well , if the policies of the mughal empire had been stricter with regard to free trade , the ottoman empire would never have fallen , which would lead to yugoslavia being a european powerhouse , which would have awarded this man a job that pays more , he 'd have met a different girl and been happier , aaaaand he would n't have killed his wife !, 
  * poor example , i know , but you grasp my point . 
  basically , you can always etch out the causality of tsunami to a butterfly 's wings , but there 's rarely any utility in this approach . 
  this line of argument was brought up with regard to your contention that people should actively try to absorb as much information as possible , and that this is a route to wisdom and intelligence . 
  it simply is n't . 
  the mind is n't a glass to be filled , but a fire to kindled . 
   how ? 
  my understanding after yesterday is that sweden sees mass rapings all the time and the government is made up of hypocrite feminists ... that sounds like some mutation of confirmation bias , or a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  if you 're concerned about the possibility of encountering such arguments , you will inevitably clutch on to them as the primary examples validating your worldview . 
  i imagine you also saw some funny maps , germans poking fun at greeks , latvians parsing over tv with italians , and so on . 
  there 's always going to be varying opinion on a whole range of subjects - but that 's the point . 
  you 've stated that you want greater insight into the lives of europeans , but have just then denounced half of these people 's opinions ( regardless of whether they 're right or wrong ) , and purely because * you * think they 're incorrect . 
  if you want to understand your cousins around the continent , try and talk to them about * why * they say those things . 
  you 're actively sabotaging your ambitions , it seems to me . 
   so the media is shiny shit but the internet is a good place to start . 
  i disagree . 
  either it 's all shit or all good ... to a degree . 
  implying that only the internet should be viewed as a reliable source is not going to cut it for me . 
  first of all , i 'd suggest travelling around europe as * the * best start , but we ca n't all afford such pursuits unfortunately . 
  and no , i think there 's a worthwhile distinction to be made between the internet and television/entertainment . 
  think of one as a forum of the filthy masses , and another as the mouthpiece of corporatocracy/government/organisation . 
  sure , the internet is full of shit and television has some great content - just like life . 
  again though , i 'm sure you take my point . 
   so it 's think for yourself but listen to my advice first ... and then actually think for yourself . 
  my advice is to think for yourself . 
  whether you heed that advice or ignore it , i 'd like to think you are doing so of your own conviction . 
  there is no contradiction between my suggestion that you ( ideally ) should always value and utilise the time you have with your * own * mind , as opposed to soaking up the voices of a million other competing ideas . 
  prolonged exposure to the information , opinions , and stimulation of others is almost entirely antithetical to developing yourself as an individual . 
  ( see : behavioral psychology ) . 
  i regret that you find my tone hostile , but i 'm sure you can appreciate my wont to vitalise debate , argument , and ( most importantly ) * the challenging of established beliefs * . 
  you seem like a good person as far as i 'm concerned . 
   i thought the uk government could barely keep up with the costs of the nhs it 's struggling . 
  privatisation boils down to this : ( a ) you resent the notion of somebody profiting from illness . 
  ( b ) you enjoy the idea of more money being invested in healthcare . 
  hear , hear !, 
   the uk has ~ ~ 4 ~ ~ 3 nations * and a principality * take that , cymru . 
   they voted for brexit , because they thought that they are not allowed to do that how are you substantiating that ? 
  earlier in your posts , you explicitly stated that you do n't really have a clue what 's going on in the uk , yet you 're prepared to diagnose a political upheaval in the same country ? 
  where have you got the idea that every brexiteer is a naughty , mischievous child ~ ~ whose ~ ~ who 's acting up ? 
  i 'd imagine it 's from the eu press . 
  ( no , i 'm not railing against the eu and i do n't have an agenda , before anybody pipes up ) . 
  put simply , it 's laughable that you seem so confident as to the political and social climate of the uk .
