   there is always someone with a union jack flair claiming that there is an anti-uk circlejerk on / r/europe while also slagging off every other nation i do n't understand this . 
  what 's with the focus on the union flag ? 
  am i missing something ? 
   warp records , planet mu , skam from the bounty of brilliant british music , you choose ... 
  this ? 
  i 'm just poking fun , sorry . 
  most of your bunch ended up in ireland , did n't it ? 
  i must have screamed this so many times over the past few days on this sub but : the uk truly , honestly does not give a shit about the empire , nor do we sip dark ales fondly reminiscing about the old colonies . 
  no more than i imagine the spanish fantasise about going back to guatemala . 
  i have no idea where this notion comes from . 
  back to the point , i like liz . 
  i do n't worship her , but i 'd rather have the royals than not . 
  she 's far from a tyrant or an impediment . 
  well , we are all in it together . 
  that 's the legal truth of the matter . 
  a lot of english voted to remain , a lot of scots voted to leave . 
  in the wake of the result , if you 're not `` rooting for it '' to be an amicable split , then you 're a bit of a cunt by anybody 's standards . 
  this is the reality of the uk now . 
  but aye , it 's definitely been a divisive vote ( and that 's an understatement ! ), 
  do n't mention the troubles . 
  i get this , but i also do n't get it . 
  on the one hand , i can understand that the continent might feel dismayed by our vote to leave , but on the other hand i have n't seen a single instance of a british politician saying `` fucking french '' , or `` bloody germans '' , or `` pesky italians ! '' . 
  by all means , it 's possible that a few backwater party members might have ( ukip probably ) , but that 's not reflective of the uk mentality whatsoever . 
  as twisted as it sounds , a lot of brexiters see our vote to leave as a championing of europe . 
  idk , like i said i 'd feel a bit snubbed if i was a continental and a member of the eu , but i 'm equally oblivious to any anti-continental sentiment here in the uk . 
  i , for one , love the continent !, 
  tell that to your armada . 
  mint in leeds is probably as good a place as any ... 
  i 'm referring to the uk , i.e. 
  england , wales , scotland , and ni . 
   with politicians usually means they have ulterior motives true , very true . 
  that 's not to say that these people were n't amicable , decent , relatable people before becoming politicians . 
  it 's just a shame so many fall victim to the ` game ' of politicking . 
   always came across to me as true sociopaths ha , absolutely . 
  to paraphrase patrick bateman , there 's an idea of these people , but if you get close enough you quickly learn that they simply are not there . 
  thanks for the polite responses , btw . 
  always a rare and much appreciated commodity on the internet ( :, 
  avoiding the f-word , i will make one point : being a banker/trader/politician does not mean you can not relate to or bond with the british public . 
  that assumption ca n't be true . 
  burned, 
  ffs . 
  i only found out yesterday that apparently nz is its own continent now . 
  kids ... 
   highest position on a sinking ship with really no good options ahead it 's almost impossible to have a conversation with people like you , because you 're so pent up with seething rhetoric . 
  you seem rooted in this ... resentful hyperbole . 
  i 'd rather not . 
  boris has an iq of 45 and the uk will be a third world nation in a few years . 
  i hope that helps to confirm your beliefs . 
  have a wonderful day and take care of yourself !, 
  my mistake . 
  freeholds are often in perpetuity and are inherited , i.e. 
  they stay within a family for as long as the family wishes . 
  for legal purposes , you do own the land . 
  the * land * is the property of the crown , but the * rights * to and over the land belong to the individual . 
  but yes , rights to land will typically default back to the crown if somebody dies intestate . 
  your knowledge of the uk is impressive . 
  come back ? 
  thanks . 
  i do n't mind downvotes , but they 're far more enjoyable when people actually articulate their grievances . 
  thank you for that  i totally agree that everything is up-in-the-air currently , but we seem to bounce back quite well in turbulent times . 
  i do n't think the situation is dire at the moment . 
  it might be in twenty years , or it might not . 
  what we do in the meantime is what matters . 
  forecasting and doom-and-gloom allusions mean little and less to the british and irish people . 
  political opportunists rarely decline the highest position in government . 
  i 'm not suggesting that he definitely is n't an opportunist - it 's certainly possible . 
  it just seems muddied . 
   honor how dare you . 
  what 's with all the vitriol towards old jack ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  and a few others , i think . 
  vindaloo for sure . 
  cornish , welsh , gaelic ( variants ) , ~ ~ irish ~ ~ ? 
  goa . 
  this is a brilliant analogy . 
  well put . 
  ukip-snp coalition already confirmed / s, 
  you grasp the humour , i 'm sure . 
  this is n't a seminar . 
   the 2008 recession did n't matter at all and it was nothing but smiles it always annoyed me how this was so quickly forgotten in the public mind . 
  it did n't really affect me directly ( or at least noticeably ) , but wow . 
   i do n't feel like conquering belgium and indonesia . 
  i was joking , just to be clear ...  which is why i compared it to the eu . 
  this is a different argument then . 
  if you wish to clash sabers over this , then i 'm afraid it 'll have to be once i 've finished work . 
  yes , there is uncertainty . 
  hence why the pound fell . 
  that 's one of the primary reasons economies take hits in today 's world . 
  once clarity is provided , stabilisation follows . 
  i agree with you that there are short-term issues , but these have evidently been largely miscalculated . 
  but yeah , i grasp your points and i agree . 
  sorry for the tone of my previous post . 
  understandably , i 'm tired of having everybody on this sub demote the uk to some backwards medieval village doomed for poverty and insignificance . 
  it 's comparable to me constantly droning on about how `` greece is germany 's prisoner '' . 
  we 'll be just fine . 
  everybody will be just fine . 
  i did eventually get fired from that job , too . 
  i was n't aware it was unprofitable for us . 
  i was interested to read the balance sheets , or whatever sources you 're basing this on . 
  of course i 'm aware of the empire .
