   you are the one that needs to re-read their history i have a wealth of historical background , particularly in twentieth century europe . 
  do n't hasten to make such assumptions . 
   the me is in this state because of the meddling of powers like the uk and france see my `` double-edged sword '' comment above . 
   the fact is that people are fleeing a warzone to survive * i 've not contested that * . 
  i simply added that there are also a significant volume of people exploiting a humanitarian crisis for purely opportunistic reasons . 
   it is a complex issue , but you try to solve complex issues . 
  you do n't throw your hands in the air and bail out after causing the mess to begin with !, 
  i agree . 
  the uk has not once implied that it 's going to cease all diplomatic efforts and foreign policy . 
  these things take time . 
  for now , we have to get our own house in order . 
  true , but we can still eat apples and pears and pineapples . 
  if the fruit shop refuses to serve us because we got a new job , then so be it . 
   ~ ~ who 's ~ ~ whose independent credentials sorry . 
  jesus , fine ...  well firstly there was the which specific aspects of the leave campaign can you draw a direct parallel with nazi germany ? 
  we 're not discussing our personal opinions on the nobility of the campaigns . 
  you proclaimed the british political system as nazi-like . 
  support that claim . 
   the uk has not learned the dangers of nationalism are you being serious ? 
  have you any grasp on british history and the values of the country ? 
   indeed the uk did not benefit india . 
  i must 've typo 'd , as that 's not what i intended to say . 
  india * did * benefit , objectively speaking , from british occupation . 
  state infrastructure , trade , blah blah . 
  that 's * not * to say that the benefits outweighed the injustices . 
   the fraction trying to reach britain is minute . 
  from the [ ons ] ( https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/populationandmigration/internationalmigration/bulletins/migrationstatisticsquarterlyreport/dec2016 ) :  long-term international migration estimates in the ye june 2016 were : net migration = +335,000 ( similar to ye june 2015 ) , comprising +189,000 eu citizens , +196,000 non-eu citizens and -49,000 british citizens  they are refugees there are many genuine refugees , yes . 
  there are also inordinate numbers of young [ men ] ( http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2016/01/europe-refugees-migrant-crisis-men-213500 ) from north africa . 
  ( check the iom report linked in the article ) . 
   the media overblows the problems and fish swim . 
  we know . 
   uk has no power to end schengen nope . 
   the way that the uk and france treat refugees is appalling i 'm assuming you 're speaking about the respective governments , and not the people ? 
   the fact that everyone there wants to send them back shows how little they learned since they did that in the 1930 's . 
  you 're speaking such hyperbole . 
  the general consensus among all european governments is to * remedy the core of the problem * , i.e. 
  try to balance out the me and na , ideally by transforming them from theocracy to secularism . 
  it 's a double-edged sword though , because if any western country tries to ` liberate ' another country it usually ends in disaster and denouncement . 
  it 's a multifaceted , tricky puzzle that we 're still figuring out . 
  edit : i 'm tired . 
  i 'll respond tomorrow . 
  you are ideologically possessed . 
   let people really choose which club they want to belong to . 
  like randomly split the world ( continent , country ) into equal areas with different policies/values and ( * ) let people move to a place that suits them most . 
  then adjust the size according to the new population . 
  repeat steps after ( * ) every decade or so or make it continuous . 
  countries ? 
  she 'll say anything at this point for popular support . 
   the propaganda from the vote leave campaign and ukip was exactly like that of the nazis provide three examples . 
   it is clear they [ britain ] did n't learn from then learn what , that authoritarian fascist states are inherently wrong ? 
  we opposed it the hardest and the earliest . 
  we commemorate and mourn our dead like every other european nation . 
  do n't waste my time with such nonsense . 
   anecdote does not agree with general trends , do n't extrapolate . 
  no , and i never asserted so . 
  i 'm just sharing my experience as a british leave voter who has a polish friend . 
  where 's your evidence for anti-polish sentiment running rampant in the uk ? 
   they owe the uk nothing in the past , the uk has played foul in india - nobody is contesting that . 
  to suggest that the be benefited india in way , shape , or form , however , is factually incorrect . 
   if people voted out because of it , as you suggest , they are idiots then . 
  the issue with schengen was this : the migrant crisis . 
  it 's not as though there are now several different borders and checks that people have to undergo to travel freely in europe . 
  i do n't mind this idea too much . 
  what people took issue with in the uk , is the 1million + influx of people into europe in a very , very short period of time . 
  the reason why the schengen zone worries brits , despite not being in it , is that there is large pool of free-moving and ever-increasing people as our direct neighbour . 
  inconvenient as the truth may be , a lot of migrants have little respect for the integrity of british law and border control , which exacerbates people 's fears . 
   how is it affected by this ? 
  seriously ? 
  come on man , i 'm tired . 
  it 's a pool of 500million or so people as our neighbour . 
  we did n't sign up for the sa , but we still suffer the warts of it . 
  look at calais . 
  look at the transport strikes in the uk and france . 
   that 's what the echr is . 
  the echr is not international law , it 's supranational law ( pedantic , sorry ) . 
  besides , many of its provisions are already accommodated in british law . 
   you guys have another court that can overrule the supreme court ? 
  yes . 
  it 's called the supreme court . 
  anyway , i used the sop as an example of how the state can indeed police itself . 
   does n't stop the uk court on breaking human rights . 
  there are also other international safeguards against the breach of human rights . 
  europe is not the only continent with protected rights . 
   sounds like a great plan !, 
  that 's not a plan , but it 's a recurring tragedy throughout history . 
  in the unlikely event that the uk became an authoritarian state , i 'd like to think that our allies would intervene to liberate the population . 
  i do n't relish the idea , if that 's how you interpreted me . 
  it still astonishes me , the extent to which germany and russia duked it out . 
   you mean the policy which is so terrible to germany , that could well be re-electing merkel again ? 
  indeed , merkel has significant support in germany . 
  she may well be re-elected . 
  however , she also performed an excruciating u-turn on her migration policy , promising to deport hundreds of thousands of migrants if re-elected . 
   the uk 's media regarding the refugee crisis has been shameful , and [ ... ] nazi-like . 
  virtually every nation in existence has strange , odious , and shameful reporting . 
  the news and the press are apes spouting their opinions , nothing more . 
  a lot of it is relatively respectable , some of it is outright laughable . 
  besides , you ca n't denounce and shut down any opinion you disagree with , no matter how detestable , as nazi-like . 
  moreover , brits are the last people who ought to be labelled as nazis . 
  i resent your usage of that term . 
  edit ( i did n't even see the other part of your comment , sorry ) :  that is n't a caricature , that is literally your argument no , that 's not an argument , let alone mine .
