  i dream about its restoration every waking minute of the day . 
   uk is sacrificing itself * sighhhhhh * ok .  it does n't look very bright nobody has a ** fucking clue ** . 
  people need to stop suggesting they do . 
  say it with me : nobody . 
  has . 
  * clue * . 
  fin . 
   not being in eu = / = you have absolute control over immigration . 
  correct . 
   you 're just reiterating . 
  might as well say nothing then . 
  reiterating what , exactly ? 
  i gave a reasonable answer to your query . 
   which you did in the victorian era as well i was n't aware of this . 
  interesting . 
  care to point me in the right direction so i can read up ? 
   sometimes it 's a good idea to learn what it is you 're talking about i 'm well-versed in eu law , and i used to ( a few years ago ) work quite intimately with eu institutions . 
  do n't presume too much , young one . 
   i have n't encountered a single pro-brexit person who actually knew how the eu makes its laws and decides its budget . 
  not everybody retains a concise understanding of supranational political institutions . 
  brexiters did their best . 
  the overwhelming majority of remainers were the same . 
   generally , these discussions just tend to lead to me explaining how the eu works to people . 
  no need , i can spare you that chore . 
   it 's a running joke among law students that eu law makes little to no sense agreed . 
   it is almost as if it 's designed to be impossible to grasp agreed . 
  at work , do n't have time to send a proper response , sorry . 
  if you care to , we can talk later on . 
   depends how you define independence no inherent dependence on a larger supranational organisation . 
   i am sure you have a bunch of ready made phrases i 'm not sure i appreciate the assumption , but alright . 
  sure . 
   i wo n't argue about the benefits you would ignore again , how are you painting this picture of me as a head-in-the-sand window-licker ? 
  i 'd happily debate you . 
  i 'm well aware of the benefits of eu membership , and i do n't deny them . 
   in the end , you live your current life because of historical reasons and decisions your forefathers did like any nation . 
  the past is inextricable from the present . 
  we do not , however , idolize imperialism , reminisce about the `` glory days '' , or any other misconception of the uk you might have . 
   even borders are there because of the history of a country yes , as is evident in almost * every other nation on earth * . 
   in a way you need to work with what you got and connect with other countries to improve your situation yes , that 's the plan . 
  we do not hate europe , we do not hate the eu ; we simply do n't care much for it and would rather experiment and test alternative models . 
  and vindaloo . 
  god bless vindaloo . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're addressing me or another post . 
  i did not intimate that banking is `` blue collar '' . 
   the eu does n't control your immigration not being in schengen = / = we have absolute control over immigration . 
   can you name a law that the eu made that you disagree with ? 
  four freedoms . 
  see above . 
   i do n't know what this means . 
  it means we 're paying ( at a deficit ) to build infrastructure in less-developed eu nations . 
   such a simplistic view of complicated matters on the one hand , yes . 
  sometimes it 's better to look at a map from a few paces ; sometimes it 's better to look at a map under a microscope . 
  brexit did a pretty decent job at both . 
  i know the 0-hour contract is controversial , but let me just say this : i was once on a 0-hour , and it was the best , most flexible , most lucrative employment contract i ever had . 
  i chose my hours , i chose my positions , i chose who i 'd work with , i chose * how many * hours i 'd work , i chose which days i 'd like to work , and i was working 30-40 + hours a week . 
  if i needed a week off , i 'd take it with no penalty or frowns . 
  if i wanted to work 16 hour days , i did . 
  if i wanted to leave work a couple of hours early , i did . 
  ( this is only my personal experience and i imagine it 's a rare , shining example of 0-hour contracts . 
  i fully appreciate they fuck a lot of people over ) . 
  sure . 
  set a remindme bot to alert me when the pound has fallen below 1 euro . 
  better yet , let me know when it 's going to cost me # 10 for a loaf of bread and butter . 
  even better still , be sure to give me a nudge when the uk 's only food is potato and leek soup . 
  in the meantime , i 'll begin constructing my doomsday bunker and read some martin amis to pass the time . 
   being the court jester gets you only so far the prime candidate for uk pm ... ? 
  one 's vocation does not determine their ability to relate to the general public . 
  poor point in an otherwise interesting thread . 
  he was very forthright in stating that he was undecided for months . 
  he reviewed both sides of the argument and favoured leave . 
  we can * probably * assume this was n't political opportunism on johnson 's part , as he declined an almost guaranteed leadership victory after cameron resigned . 
  we scrapped that shit for finance , football , art , military , philosophy , currency , pies , and ale . 
  is a country incapable of independence just because it has a colonial past ? 
  seems a tad overboard ... 
  it 's like you learned nothing from * reign of fire *, 
  \\ #freebavaria, 
  apologies , i must 've misread the tone . 
  having read it again it 's actually quite humorous . 
   they see [ food ] as mere fuel and do n't care about taste you nailed it with this . 
  wrong !, 
  too soon . 
  seriously , the chances of encountering imperial nostalgia in the uk is about equal to that of bumping into the queen at the park . 
  i 'm with / u/specofdust on this one ; i have no idea where this assumption comes from . 
  so much vitriol - do you really loathe us that much ? 
  sooo when are you moving here ? 
  the uk is responsible for breeding the [ border collie ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/border_collie ) , or sheepdog , `` often cited as the most intelligent of all domestic dogs '' . 
  collies ' intelligence is often attributed to [ old hemp ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/old_hemp ) , a uniquely bright working dog and the `` progenitor '' of the breed . 
  hemp was renowned ( and widely desired ) due to his quiet , mindful approach to herding . 
  from wiki :  hemp never ceased to impress his owner adam telfer . 
  telfer once said , while talking about hemp , `` he flashed like a meteor across the sheepdog horizon . 
  there never was such an outstanding personality . '', 
  i follow you now . 
  yeah , good point . 
  what i was trying to illustrate with my initial post is that less popular parties ( or ones who poll quite badly ) ought never to be ignored or dismissed in the political theatre . 
  but yeah - very fair and reasonable points . 
  thank you , sir . 
  huh ? 
  are you saying that parliament is biased against labour and the convervatives ? 
  sorry , i sincerely ca n't make out what you 're saying . 
  i think i 'm too tired .
