   good tomatoes are expensive ha , my housemate ( italian ) has a shipment of satsumas , olive oil , wine , salt , cheeses , and tomatoes sent over every fortnight . 
  i always thought it was a bit overboard until i tried his cooking and realised he was preparing really , * really * good food . 
  hmmm , i 've not heard of munchies , but i 'll be sure to check it out . 
  also , if you 're wanting to see more of the uk before you leave then you have to visit the lake district . 
  it 's stunning , a completely different world from london . 
   hopefully not for long but we have an exotic climate and exciting cuisine !, 
  that depends on your definition of `` we '' . 
   it 's friday true . 
  i think i needed reminding , thanks . 
   the press is trying to create some drama here yeah , i think on both sides the media is just scrubbing around in the dirt trying to churn out any sensationalist headline they can . 
  it 's exhausting . 
   where did you read he uk should pay more i ca n't remember , perhaps i 'm imagining things . 
  i do think , however , it seems a little ridiculous to subscribe to a magazine for a year , and then once you 've cancelled your subscription the magazine demands you pay an additional 5 years ' subscription fees . 
  fair enough , that 's probably what we signed up for , and we probably have a legal duty to do so . 
  i 've not really looked into that , so i ca n't comment too much . 
  idk , i 'm just wearisome of all the diatribe . 
  are you living in the uk currently ? 
  the uk will pay what 's due , not a penny more or less . 
  how anybody can demand more is beyond me . 
  trying to levy punitive measures against the british will serve only to paint the eu as some vindictive , antagonistic , moribund beast , and will puncture the * amicability of our future relationship . 
  moreover , it 'll present them as clutching , grasping , and impetuous . 
  i 'm not railing against the eu in general , i 'm just illustrating how these eu figureheads , along with their personal grudges , can corrupt and spoil what should otherwise be a professional , copacetic divorce . 
  british politicians have been guilty of this too . 
  idiots . 
  the eu ought to catapult juncker and schulz across the mediterranean , the loathsome , odious little pissants . 
  i 'm having a bad morning . 
  nitpicking , but london was more in favour of the eu than scotland was . 
  not from a jedi, 
  i knew this day would come . 
  do n't forget about waterloo , abraham , blenheim , and agincourt , 
  i see a cheeky union flag in the back . 
  \\ #controversial, 
  no need to apologise , it happens to the best of us . 
  enjoy your evening ( :, 
  iirc , our words for livestock derive from old english/norse , but our words for the actual meat derive from french , i.e. 
  cow/beef , pig/pork , lamb/mutton . 
  idk what happened with ` chicken ' . 
  `` scandal '' is a generous term . 
  he 's clearly a toxic troll . 
  do n't fall prey to it by resorting to `` one of your working class nationalist idiots '' as a retort . 
  his post is offensive to all of us , believe me . 
   we have to show him what irish nationalism looks like seriously ? 
  do n't stoop your head and feed with the animals , mate . 
  against my better judgement , i 'll reiterate a final time : \\  colonialism yielded unjust products . 
  nobody is contending this or glorifying it . 
  \\  modern medicine , philosophy , law , public infrastructure , technology , business , secularism , social convention , electricity , language , education , and * so * much more , have greatly benefited former-european colonies . 
  these acquisitions have , today , saved more lives than colonialism stole . 
  such hysterical , supercilious , self-indulgent nonsense only evidences your glaring ignorance of the world and human behaviour , and it exposes your susceptibility to impression . 
  read something that actually challenges your biases . 
  now hush . 
  i 'm ca n't discern whether you 're a troll or you 're lobotomised . 
  enjoy your evening . 
  you 're obviously young , and i ( sort of ) admire your spirit , but i ca n't talk with you . 
  do n't pick sides , it 's unrewarding , dull , and does not engage anybody . 
  read . 
  have a nice a day . 
   they have n't moved , they 've registered  laying the groundwork for exporting themselves out of the uk sure . 
  try not to be so bitter and hostile towards others . 
  it wo n't make you happy , mate . 
  twisted interpretation ? 
  that 's how business and trading works . 
  i 'm guessing you do n't have a bounty of experience working with or within multinational companies . 
  what 's your `` twisted interpretation '' of why these businesses registered there ? 
  if your answer is `` they 're moving out of britain '' , then you 've lost the point . 
  also , you 're behaving like quite the cantankerous toad . 
  calm down . 
  edit : you stated the following :  companies seem to be laying the groundwork for exporting themselves out of the uk and into the eu i think i interpreted your statements quite well , actually . 
  and , i 'm sorry , but you 're sorely wrong about why they 're registered there . 
  cheer up , mate . 
  * sigh * no , i 'm pointing out that when somebody requested you to calm down and discuss the points reasonably , you resorted , once again , to low-hanging fruit and a low-resolution analysis . 
  consider nuclear fission : it 's proved to possess immensely destructive and immensely creative qualities . 
  and that 's a * very * simple analogy . 
  try to be more malleable and objective in your approach . 
  again , it seems as though you 've not listened to other people 's responses properly . 
  nobody is holding up the british empire as a champion of morality . 
  especially not by today 's standards . 
  what people * are * saying is that whilst you have atrocities , you also have benefits . 
  it is n't black and white , so stop treating it as such . 
  appreciating the historical complexity of these things and their influence on forming the world we know today is important . 
   at least the romans did n't asset strip the countries they invaded wrong . 
  / b\u0259\u028a\u03b8 /, 
  yeah . 
  i 'm sure the greeks are out in the streets celebrating . 
  your implication is that they 've uprooted and decided to conduct business from elsewhere . 
  this simply is n't true . 
  they have to do this for legal and trading purposes . 
  same reason a lot of banks moved the absolute bare-minimum number of employees to the eu - they need to trade in both lanes . 
  \\  told to stop being so hysterical \\  millions of people died because they were n't white christ . 
  listen to people when they 're engaging you . 
  what 's your opinion on rome ? 
  were they merely tyrannical , genocidal oppressors who contributed nothing to the world ? 
  read a book , lad . 
  there are multiple facets to history . 
  i do n't know an awful lot about it , and as i mentioned in my above post i 'm sure my experience does n't mean that 0-hour contracts are particularly good . 
  it just so happened that i was happy with mine . 
  i was n't working in labour either , so i ca n't really comment on that . 
  windy , rainy , and tory . 
  enjoy your day and remain fiscally responsible !, 
   ** welch ** have unpronounceable [ ... ] names evidently so . 
   sucks ass < * checks flair *  back across the pond you go , lad .
