  she 's a snake-oil merchant . 
  she has no end-game , no vision , nothing other than iconoclasm and vitriol towards the uk . 
  if you think this union is unfair and does n't give you a fair shake , then enjoy the euro and your bailouts . 
  scotland just does n't have the economy by itself to compete . 
  it does n't . 
   being part of the eu provides massive benefits to scotland and so does being in the uk . 
  free education , one of the largest economies in the world , disproportionate public investment , a say over westminster whilst retaining full power over dissolved issues , economic growth unlike anywhere else in europe , etc. 
   providing 1/7 jobs , for example yeah , and 6/7 are from the uk . 
  2/3 of your trade is with the uk . 
  200k jobs supported by english finance industries . 
  scottish government spends # 127 for every # 100 it raises in tax ( nowhere else has a ratio this insane ) , yet received # 120 spending for every # 100 the rest of britain makes . 
  your oil revenues have lost about 85 % of their value in five years and continue to plummet with the emergence of newer energy industries like fracking - which is the only trading asset you 'd have in the eu . 
  america is your largest importer besides the uk . 
  your biggest exports are literally booze and biscuits . 
  people do n't get it , and it 's not a pleasant thought for scots , but without the rest of the uk you 're genuinely fucked . 
  you 'll be another greece , another portugal , another ireland . 
  if you want the euro , economic duress , less legal leeway , less public investment , then sure , leave . 
  is there no distinction whatsoever between apes and monkeys ? 
  yes , i 'm a cambridge postgraduate , i.e. 
  i 've completed my mphil and i 'm now employed . 
  it 's clear you do n't actually have an opinion or an argument to offer , and in fact you 're actually quite a vile , odious person when push comes to shove . 
  hurry back along to your menial admin job and chill the fuck out , seriously - nobody should carry that amount of vitriol around with them . 
  your life expectancy wo n't exceed 50 if you 're angry , toxic , and bitter . 
  whatever it is , just let it go . 
  and , in the off-chance you * do * calm down , i 'm more than happy to talk with you . 
  so , just to wrap-up : 1 . 
  you 're a bigoted xenophobe . 
  cambridge , st john 's . 
  you do n't know what a strawman argument is ( or you 're trolling ) . 
  you have a penchant for ad hominens but no argument . 
  you 're salty af . 
  enjoy your day . 
  some of us are 2.5 hours into work . 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  the dutch speak better english than half of the uk . 
   nah , i 'm really happy . 
  because us subhumans are `` fucking off '' ? 
  usually somebody saying `` i 'm really happy '' is an indication they 're concealing something else - in this instance your resentment towards the uk . 
  it 's fine , just be honest about it . 
   it really does suck for the minority of young/educated people who have n't escaped yet `` escaped '' lol . 
  i 'm a 24 y/o postgrad at the top uk university , and i 'm more than happy to say that - shock !, 
  - the younger one is , the more ignorant one is . 
  assuming everybody over 45 is a knuckle dragger , but the 16-30 year old 's are intellectual heavyweights with an informed view of the world is absurd . 
  my peers are reduced to `` ok , i do n't know '' at the slightest probing of their politics . 
  try it . 
   when the uk collapses this happened years ago when we rejected the euro . 
  hi , southern europe !, 
   we will have an example to discourage other countries from leaving this does n't sound tyrannical , vindictive , or oppressive in the slightest . 
  \\ #loveu . 
  you people have a strange fetish for big , totalitarian government . 
  i do n't get it at all . 
  the less you know , i suppose . 
  lol . 
  i 'm done . 
  monkeys are n't apes . 
  it 's ignorant and offensive . 
   i 'm glad that the knuckle draggers are fucking off  someone 's salty . 
  yes , somebody is salty . 
  monkeys are n't apes , scotland is n't ireland , and civil war is n't civil . 
  i do n't know if you 're referring to me , or those above . 
  i do n't feel there 's a need to argue why the uk wo n't be reinstating slavery after departing from the eu , let alone how nationalism can only thrive when labouring under delusion , and how brexit is comparable with . 
  the fall of the ussr ? 
  these are the neural misfirings of an intellectually malnourished pissant ; it 's a teenager posturing to look clever . 
  idiot . 
  you sound like a 13 year old . 
  but fuck the english , the welsh , and the irish , right ? 
  right ?!, 
  woohoo national populism !, 
  go scotland !, 
  not trying to be a dick , but you 're downright delusional if you think scotland will leave the uk . 
  reality : you 're exalting a nationalistic populist movement as a means of getting into the european union . 
  think about that for a moment . 
  believe it or not , the scots ( a ) do n't want a referendum , and ( b ) even if they got one , they 're going 60 % uk . 
  sturgeon is a fraud . 
  itt : people venerating nationalism , populism , and independence campaigns . 
  but fuck england and wales . 
  you people are priceless . 
  you 're reminiscing fondly about a bloody conflict , encouraging another to begin , and then slamming everybody on gibraltar as apes ? 
  seriously ? 
  i 'll be perfectly honest and admit that i have a knee-jerk reaction to statements like this because it sounds like it was brewed inside a tinfoil cracked pot , but . 
  you 're not wrong . 
  the merits of small government will always appeal to me more than what is essentially an international banking clan who dominate politics . 
  it 'll always baffle me how people switched from anti-banking , anti-global elite , pro-populism , to `` we need bigger , more executive , less accountable government . 
  populism is evil '' within a mere decade . 
  the word ` populism ' , championing the public and the public 's wishes , is now synonymous with being an idiot . 
  it 's upsetting , frustrating , and worrying . 
  lord knows what the statesmen of yesteryear would say if they were alive to witness it . 
  i 'm unsure whether that 's directed at myself or whether it 's intended for the person who offered the absolutism `` he must be ignorant or a troll '' . 
   not when they keep adding shit to the contract . 
  in what regard , the eurozone or the single market ? 
  i 'm not entirely sure what you 're referring to here . 
  if you signed up for the single market , you signed up for a few things ( some quite good , some less so ) ; if you signed up for the euro , you signed up for unapologetic economic duress . 
   not sure if ignorant or troll yes , and i 'm not sure whether you 're capable of a substantive rebuttal to his statements , or whether you simply have a penchant for generic `` he must be stupid or malign '' adolescence . 
  why do n't you try and question his assertion ? 
  why not make some counter-claim , and lend weight to your argument by supplying evidence ( something which he 's failed to do ) ? 
  why would you deny somebody , who by your own diagnosis must surely be ignorant or at least wrong , the opportunity to hear your enlightened , sophisticated , and advanced view of the european political climate ? 
  please , i 'd love to hear it . 
  there does seem to be a double-standard in this sub which i think / u/zorthianator has rightly touched upon : scottish nationalism is great irish nationalism is great wales ? 
  who 's that ? 
  ok , well they should secede as well welsh nationalism is great the eu is god and we should channel all focus into making it as powerful and executive as possible .
