  we 're family , and no referendum or ge is ever going to change that fact . 
  if i can discern between the eu and europe , i do n't understand why europe ca n't discern between brexit and the uk . 
  not to mention every continental and his dog suddenly seems to comprehend our society better than we seemingly do . 
  sorry for the rant , but this is a raw nerve . 
  your flair is ` anglo-european ' . 
  there 's a word for that : english . 
  your flair is ` anglo-european ' . 
  there 's a word for that : english . 
  your flair is ` anglo-european ' . 
  there 's a word for that : english . 
   quite a few banks left the city no , they did n't , and i 'm sick of seeing this . 
  one could reverse this argument to say that the uk moved 99.99 % of its business outside of the eu . 
  no , the system and laws are going to change , that 's all . 
  it 's as simple as this : companies want to operate in both the uk and the eu , so to maintain their eu trading status they have to satisfy a couple of conditions : namely , to have staff operating in an eu domiciled office . 
  hence , a number of banks have moved the bare minimum amount of employees to tiny offices in ireland ( the closest place to their actual business which still grants eu trading ) and a couple of other places . 
  it 's business , it happens all the time . 
  you want to have shops on a bunch of different streets . 
  to suggest dublin will ever contest london 's status is laughable . 
   blatant classism that comes out of comments like this makes me ** sympathetic to the far left ** i totally agree with you , but . 
  these are the exact lines of reasoning the far left today adopts : `` you 're stupid , we know what 's best for you '' . 
  the left likes to infantilise everybody . 
  it 's disgusting . 
  wales is extremely important to the rest of the uk . 
  are you genuinely this ignorant , or just making a dismal attempt at trolling ? 
  let 's go ever further . 
  let 's weld the uk to france/nl and end this island nonsense once and for all !, 
  the rozzers * are * the nazis . 
  meh , larger and more successful ... 
  yeah , i 'm not intimating that if we waged war with thailand tomorrow that you would or * should * follow suit , but i sleep easier knowing that the anglosphere is out there in case things get out of hand . 
  without the uk , europe would either be : 1 . 
  nazi 2 . 
  ussr we owe a * lot * to the russians , though . 
  they sacrificed above and beyond anybody else . 
  yeah , we have a long tradition of ousting would-be god emperors across the channel . 
   i just hope my country stays out the next war you guys get into if the war is serious enough , the queen will have you boys back in action . 
  the pm resigned . 
  nobody was pushing that button in a hurry . 
  you 've read the facts , now try to extract the significance from them . 
  here 's your homework : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_london_ ( 1839 ), 
  for all intensive purposes , to much less . 
  you do realise that your country would n't exist if it were n't for britain 's insistence , right ? 
   ~ ~ figurative language ~ ~ hyperbole , you heard of it ? 
  yes . 
  also , on a side note , nazis have been terrorising me for the past five years . 
   getting kicked in the balls by brexiteers everyday please elaborate on how during the past 271 days you 've had brexiteers abusing you . 
  i 'd love to hear it . 
  we 're ignorant of certain aspects of the uk 's future - namely its relationship with the eu going forward . 
  by your logic we may as well be speculating as to when the us is rejoining the uk and just how much of northern france we can expect back . 
  i could care less about grammer . 
  well , if this is it , old boy , i hope you do n't mind if i go out speaking the queen 's . 
  you 're truly ignorant of the uk 's history if you think ni are going anywhere . 
  what 's you 're problem ? 
  and you think a nationalist like sturgeon is going to steer scotland to independence and prosperity ? 
  sturgeon runs a party which is by definition more nationalist than the bnp . 
  sturgeon campaigned for the merits of unionism and closer supranational ties , whilst simultaneously encouraging the dissolution of an older , far more homogeneous union . 
  sturgeon seeks to dictate what the laws should be for wales , ni , england , and scotland , but abhors the notion of any of these siblings having a say in her laws . 
  do n't fall for it . 
  she 's a duplicitous , disingenuous snake-oil merchant who is primarily concerned with her own interests , not those of the scottish people . 
  the eu emerged as a direct response to the bloodies war in history . 
  from then it slowly mutated , expanded , and overreached . 
   we 're effectively oppressed if you consider being on the losing side of a democratic vote as oppression then you 're deluded . 
   some of us want to choose our future for ourselves . 
  i imagine you denounced this mentality when it was employed by the brexiters , but it 's perfectly alright for the scots . 
  rome , holy roman empire , british empire , french empire , mughal empire , spanish empire , ottoman empire , the united states , third reich , ussr , were all fairly ambitious . 
  plus divorce . 
  i 'm still failing to understand why the comments were removed , though . 
  granted i do n't have much experience with czech kids , but i do with roma kids and their parents/the begging gangs . 
  it 's shameful in every sense . 
  it seems the roma community 's reputation is more or less the same throughout europe , which is unfortunate ( especially for them ) . 
  i suspect i 'm too tired to detect the implication of your message , but i 'll assume you 're angling towards a `` it would n't be ` hate speech ' if it was about czech kids '' viewpoint ? 
  why remove an observation/implication ? 
  surely it must 've been ridiculously offensive ? 
  there are a fair few comments stating that on this post , i do n't understand why an entire thread has been removed . 
  also , how do you know the kids were roma ? 
  what happened here ? 
  `` banana republic '' is a common phrase in english . 
  colour me corrected . 
  can you point me in the right direction to read up on this ? 
  constantinople was the capital of byzantium . 
  you 're quickly becoming a trollhunter . 
  i 'm proud of you . 
  pokemon : europe ? 
  berlusconi, 
  hey , you leave hrc alone !, 
  eh , you can still blame it on the muslims . 
  \\  muslims immigrate . 
  \\  pisses breivik off . 
  \\  breivik kills targeted groups who he perceives as the gatekeepers . 
  \\  would n't have done it if not for muslims . 
  \\  muslims caused it . 
  it 's not sound logic , but it 'll do for some . 
   built a gingerbread house as part of a prison competition i laughed and then instantly felt remorse . 
  well noted . 
  much better . 
   even today unreachable mountains has this been mentioned on the thread yet ? 
  if not , could you expand ? 
  sounds like an interesting challenge to say the least . 
  the wiki page certainly gives the impression that the ottomans were n't particularly obsessed with official annexation , but rather they were satisfied establishing close ties and a foothold in the region . 
  still , it seems there 's a substantial period of monetegro 's history tethered to the ottomans . 
  interesting article - thanks for the link .
