  my point is simply that farage is n't a racist , he is n't a moron , and he is n't some caricature or joke - despite how much hard people have insisted on the contrary . 
  he has a different worldview to yours , and he 's going to sell it passionately . 
  it just so happens that you were inclined to buy somebody else 's spins . 
  we can both agree sensationalism is petty , but at least i 'll hold my hands up and say both sides are guilty of it - will you admit that you just bought into a different tune ? 
  anything spoken or written in non-english is nonsense . 
  the militant i-have-a-source-for-all-of-my-opinions people who infest this sub with their drivel - mainly pro-eu , but also anti-eu . 
  people who just do n't have an opinion and will use an article by the bbc called `` bbc found to be unbiased '' as proof the bbc is unbiased . 
  i should probably apologise , however , because i 'm not really directing this at you and it is n't fair for me to pigeonhole you like that , so my bad . 
  it 's a general howl of despair . 
  to circle back to what we were talking about - of course the bbc is biased . 
  there are millions of ways this is just self-evident , i.e : experts say brexit = bad for uk economy bad uk economy = bad for bbc bbc report from anti-brexit stance to protect interests . 
  they do this shit all the time to protect themselves and look nice to the public ( see : jimmy saville et al ) . 
  i do n't have a problem with bias if it 's readily acknowledged ; i just reject it when somebody tries to ` trick ' me into believing they 're impartial . 
  it 's an old , easy trick and i ca n't stand it . 
  idk . 
  it 's friday , man . 
  i do n't know why we put ourselves through this pseudo-political ` debate ' so often when it 's like sponging up toxic waste - well , i 'm not entirely sure why * i * seem to keep doing it , at least . 
  enjoy your day , stay safe , and enjoy your weekend < * fistbump * , 
  i 'll stick my neck out and say this : farage is 10 % as sensationalist as the media and so-called `` liberal elite '' are . 
  he 's brash and a unapologetic , for good or ill , but he 's hardly a sensationalist . 
  what are some of his platitudes ? 
  seriously ? 
  the current government did a u-turn after the referendum . 
  85 % of our media was ( and remains ) pro-eu . 
  the uk media , including the bbc , is staunchly anti-populist . 
  even the term ` populism ' ( meaning to champion the average citizen ) has been skewed to be a pejorative term ( which is a tragic instance of concerted subversion of language , imo ) . 
  watch british tv for a week and you 'll quickly see that i 'm not bullshitting you . 
  hell , i 'm not even saying it 's a * bad * thing or a * good * thing , it just * is * . 
  i ca n't be fucked with another faceless teenager throwing a tantrum at me over the net because they read an article in latvia about the big , bad brits . 
  seems like a balanced , impartial view . 
   we took your throne before yeah , we got married , and it was cool . 
   dutch courage , dutch date , dutch oven , etc. . . 
  so much derogatory terms , so much butthurt . 
  literally non of these are used in the pejorative sense . 
  in fact , if they 're not neutral terms then they 're compliments . 
  i 've never even heard of a ` dutch date ' , but if it 's the same as ` going dutch ' on a bill , then this is the quickest way to a brit 's heart . 
  dutch oven is a us thing , is n't it ? 
  i 'm fairly certain this did n't arise in the late nineteenth century by the brits . 
   the british empire was not enough of a nuisance to complain about we were then , and still remain , close allies . 
  `` not enough of a nuisance '' ? 
  well , we did n't bother you because we had about a third of the world to maintain . 
  seems like you 've got the wrong idea about the brits . 
  there really is n't a negative stereotype for the dutch , none of those expressions are used negatively , and besides maybe the weed and prostitutes thing ( which we do n't consider an insult , just a lighthearted joke as we 're jealous ) , there 's no animosity or disdain towards the dutch . 
  we 're bros , bro . 
   shockingly faragesque can you elaborate on this , please ? 
  nice default-to-logical-fallacy-because-i-must-be-right strategy . 
  if you think the bbc `` operates without any government intervention '' , or at least heavy influencing , you 're deluded . 
  an impartial news outlet reports information without undertones or overt agendas . 
  the bbc does n't qualify for this . 
  and , yes , i 'm in favour of keeping the bbc around . 
  we did n't make them , and we did n't employ them half as brutally as everyone else . 
  how on earth people can upvote a pissant 's comment of this caliber is beyond me . 
  i voted to leave , i like the bbc , but anybody who suggests it is n't incredibly , glaringly biased , is deluded . 
  it 's nowhere near as bad as the guardian , the daily mail , or the independent , but a four year old can spot the angle . 
  i recall , not too long ago , watching andrew neil absolutely lambaste an rt reporter , tarring him with being biased , being incapable of of journalistic impartiality , accusing him of weaving false narratives to further russia 's national ideals , and neil 's reasoning was that rt is a state news outlet and therefore their journalists could n't be impartial . 
  whilst he himself was reporting for , and on , the bbc . 
  lol . 
  edit : hey guys , be sure to downvote and refrain from commenting . 
  remember , you can also smash that ` unsubscribe ' button if you 're like me and seeing brits in / r/europe is unnerving . 
  finally , let 's work together and meik eu gret egen . 
  follow me on tinder @anglophobicrussianarab for daily updates . 
  have you ever heard the tragedy of darth plagueis the wise ? 
  discrimination merely means that you discern between one thing and another . 
  if my favourite colour is red , then i 'm discriminating against blue , green , yellow , etc. , as * not * my favourite colour . 
  it does n't mean i loathe those colours , it simply means they 're not my favourite . 
  the person above discriminated against ( what they perceive to be ) one group of migrants - with a record of causing disorder - and the hypothetical migrant group of brits - who also have a record of disorder , i suppose one could say . 
  this is discrimination , and it 's not malign as you 're seemingly trying to imply . 
  my point is this : ` discrimination ' as a term has become warped and weaponized . 
  you do it a hundred times a day . 
  you survive by discriminating between fruit and battery acid for lunch . 
  i 'm not sure why it 's suddenly become used so pejoratively . 
  finally - what 's wrong with pointing out that the migrant policies of europe over the last 2 years have yielded instances of horrific people behaving reprehensibly ? 
  seems like a perfectly fine observation to me . 
  subverting perfectly acceptable - and necessary - words is just retarded . 
  raze them all . 
   just a little island lol , somebody is bitter . 
  it 's treason , then . 
  pls untag us from this pic cheers m8, 
  lmao @ the thousands of dead xd ^ ^ / s, 
  this was a refreshing string of comments to read , honestly . 
  firstly , / u/snappera is right in noting that the scots were instrumental in forming gb . 
  how that lech sturgeon overlooks things like this is beyond me . 
  i 'm not sure what your personal opinion of her is , but imo she 's blatantly riling the scots up for no reason other than political exploit . 
  she campaigns for greater union on one hand , whilst she shrieks for the abolition of another union on the other . 
  all while riding the ticket of a nationalist party . 
  i mean , christ , even the bnp was the * british * nationalist party ( although they 're equally as odious ) . 
  i 've genuinely never met anybody - english , welsh , or nirish - who has beef with the scots , or regards them in any pejorative sense . 
  the most it comes to is maybe the odd 15-year old saying `` aye man , haggis ! '' . 
  i imagine there are plenty of equally hilarious people throughout britain making `` toodle-pip '' jokes about the english . 
  that 's about it . 
  i think you 've both touched on something which is glaringly obvious though : the general european public on this sub seem to largely despise england , not the uk . 
  they wo n't outright say it , but it 's the english . 
  again , it 's this double-standard whereby the uk leaving the eu is totally unacceptable and moronic , yet scotland leaving the uk is hailed as a triumph for the ` little guy ' . 
  people fucking love to infantilise scotland , wales and ni as if they have no agency of their own . 
  they want to paint everybody who is n't england as helpless , hapless , incapable children who need big strwong eu to liberate them . 
  this is so , so , so fucking insulting . 
  especially considering how ( again , already noted ) the scots have engaged in their fair share of messed up stuff over the centuries , and are hardly an oppressed state . 
  there are a * lot * of people here who seem to simply detest the english . 
  that 's fine ; it 's not nice , i wish it was n't so , but i can live with it . 
  what truly breaks my heart is when i see scots , welshmen , irishmen , and englishmen being encouraged to loathe and bicker with each other by some goon hundreds of miles away , lecturing the poor , oppressed scots about how everyone is under the english boot .
