  whether you like it or not , or want to admit it or not , making switzerland or norway the 51st state would alienate the european union * ( or at least it 's leadership ) * . 
   just , uh , get rid of your awful politicians first and reform your democratic system to be less plutocratic and more democratic . 
  more democratic than the eu commission & council ? 
  more democratic than a european parliament which lacks legislative initiative ? 
  less corrupt than italy , spain & hungary ? 
  or do you mean more democratic & less plutocratic in the sense of having a monarchy ? 
  you know , when you pay to entrench a single family in the upper crust of your society & give them frequent contact with the upper echelons of your government ? 
  how about when it 's accompanied with upper houses like in the united kingdom & canada , where lords/senators consist of life appointments , life peers , hereditary peers & spiritual peers ? 
  mostly i agree with you , i really do , but i hate the implication that america is so bad it could n't join now if it wanted as people are proposing with canada . 
  i 'll be the first to admit things need to change in america , but we 're not exactly at the bottom of the barrel like the picture many posters here are trying to paint . 
  personally however i think the west would be stronger with a consolidated european union & united north american union working together instead of a overextended european union & divided north america with a wedge driven between them because of such a scenario . 
  ** edit : ** and i apologize that i came off like such a cunt . 
  i 'm just tired & the other conversations i had in this thread kinda blended together so i was just venting in general . 
  still was a dick though so sorry about that . 
  how do you figure that ? 
  it 'd take away the idea of the union being * `` european '' * & alienate the eu 's largest economic and military partner . 
  but hey , if you let canada join there 's no reason you should oppose america joining . 
   we 're more socially progressive on gay marriage than a number of european countries , with most , if not all , of the republican states only being as bad as germany ; abortion is legal unlike in poland & ireland , not to mention more accepted than in [ italy ] ( http://www.ipsnews.net/2014/04/italy-aborts-law/ ) . 
  obamacare is similiar to switzerland 's healthcare system and i doubt you 'd oppose them joining . 
  finland has a decent level of gun ownership , as does switzerland * ( and like i said , i highly doubt you 'd oppose them joining ) * . 
  we 're a vital member of nato and the eu is america 's largest trading partner . 
  culturally , we 're as european as canada is european . 
  we 're a constituent member of the western world . 
  i look forward to being welcomed into the eu . 
   it 's alliance with britain alone is more than equal to that with america , and it has ties to other nato countries . 
  who ... who is in norad ? 
  what country is the most important in nato ? 
  what country is the most important in five eyes ? 
  who is canada 's largest trading partner ? 
  who does canada share it 's longest continuous land border with ? 
  which country shares the most inter-national infrastructure with canada ? 
  near what border does most the canadian population live ? 
  which country has the most canadian expats * ( about a million more than the uk ) * & which country has the most american expats other than mexico ? 
  so , outside of defanged ceremonial bullshit and feel-good organizations like the commonwealth ... what country has the strongest relationship with canada in a practical sense ? 
  what country is canada 's most important ally in a practical sense ? 
  who is canada 's largest trading partner ? 
  who is the eu 's largest trading partner ? 
  who is britain 's largest trading partner outside of the eu ? 
  what is canada 's population & economy compared to america ? 
  who shares the longest continuous land border with canada and has the most developed intra-country infrastructure with canada ; europe or america ? 
  near what border does most the canadian population live , europe 's or america 's ? 
  what country has the most canadian expats * ( about a million more than the uk ) * ? 
  what country has the most american expats behind mexico ? 
  oh , and if you have n't noticed , america & europe are negotiating the ttip , which is basically a mirror image of ceta . 
   but anyway , who is the most important member of both five eyes & nato ? 
  who is canada in norad with ? 
  also , what 's the gdp growth of the eu compared to america ? 
  what 's it been for the past couple years ? 
  what 's the unemployment rate of the european union compared to america ? 
  did america have a double-dip recession like the european union ? 
  is the united states on the verge of deflation like the european union ? 
  does the european union not have a relatively shaky currency union that lacks a strong fiscal union to underpin it & has been threatened with dissolution or division upon the possibility of a grexit ? 
  are all eu members apart of this currency union ? 
  are the ones who ar n't , committed to joining soon in a practical sense ? 
  has germany not used the undervaluing of it 's exchange rate through the euro to boost it 's exports at the expense of it 's fellow members ? 
  wait ... so ... ** how is canada more entwined with britain in a practical sense & how is america a sinking ship compared to europe ? 
  [ shut up scott . 
  ] ( http://southpark.wikia.com/wiki/scott_the_dick ) you 're just a dick . 
  lol, 
   americans can always pick out a canadian , our politeness and accent gives us away . 
  i 'm from florida & the large majority of canadian snowbirds that i 've met who come down here i ca n't even pick it up . 
  and the ones that do have accents , it 's just about indistinguishable really in relation to americans from northern states , and your not really more polite than us . 
  in fact i 'd say americans & canadians in general are very polite , and anybody who has visited both countries can vouch to the same . 
  an hell , a good number of canadians i 've met , like you , have been assholes with a inferiority complex , as if they got something to prove . 
  so quick to be so culturally bitter & mad at someone just for being american . 
  lol constantly bitching about american media flooding your television and such , about cultural invasions and bullshit . 
  it 's pathetic . 
  * * you know my favorite part of your average canadian movie ? 
  * when you do n't know it 's not american until they pull out the money . 
  * * you know my favorite part about your average canadian in america ? 
  * when you do n't know they 're canadian until they tell you . 
  * * you know my favorite interaction between your average canadian & average brit ? 
  * when the brit ca n't really tell the difference between a canadian & american nor do they care much about the fundamental cultural differences between the two . 
  * * you know my favorite part of canadian politics ? 
  * the fact they 're not much different at all than new england , washington & oregon , which has just about the same population as canada , and the fact they 're comparable to both new york & california , which has a decent amount more people than canada . 
  also , just for reference , you might be surprised by countries like finland when it comes to low-levels of gun ownership & germany when it comes to legalized same-sex marriage . 
  or let 's talk about ireland & poland when it comes to abortion . 
  they would not only forget , but would purposefully avoid it altogether . 
  i mean ... do you really think the european union wants to alienate it 's largest military & economic partner for canada ? 
  do you think that canada wants to alienate it 's largest military & economic partner for europe ? 
  do you really think the other members of the anglosphere want to see all of their special relationships with each other potentially collapse after it 's strongest & most influential member feels alienated & betrayed ? 
  canada will join a north american union before it joins the european union . 
  we 're more culturally , militarily & economically entwined than canada will ever be with europe . 
  that might be a hard pill to swallow , but it 's the truth . 
  power projection is going to be * everything * in the coming years i think . 
  we 're past the days of total war & having months to mobilize . 
  nuclear weapons have ensured that . 
  now we 're in a age of short , limited & small wars . 
  things like crimea . 
  any russian invasion of the baltics is going to be fast , and nato response is going to have to be fast . 
  new wars are going to be decided by who can dig in first to the point that only total war * ( i.e. 
  probably also resulting in nuclear war ) * is going to be able to dislodge them , and nobody wants to live through a nuclear holocaust , thus the whole point of mad . 
  it 's the same thing china is planning for in relation to any possible confrontation with the united states over those disputed territories in the south china sea . 
  there would be a conventional war . 
  and there 's a good chance that could escalate into a nuclear one . 
  but ignoring the conventional option restricts you to the nuclear option . 
  you would end up skipping over any chance of keeping a conflict conventional & limited to the baltics to one that 's global & ends in wide-ranging nuclear holocaust . 
  i 've never understood the prominent sentiment in this subreddit that it would be a good idea to just scrap your conventional military and merely rely on a nuclear deterrent . 
  it 's never good to back yourself in a corner , especially when nuclear warfare is on the table . 
  icbms should be a last-resort , not your only resort .
