   * `` if i had to look at this figures alone ... i would interpret the recent deflationary pressure as demand-driven , '' * mr. beckworth said . 
   this is important because it clarifies much of the recent debate on deflation . 
  in its report , fitch noted that it does n't see sustained deflation as a central case scenario , but it still makes some scary back-of-the-envelope calculations about the possible impact of such a development , predicting significant increases in government debt for eurozone countries . 
  why do you think japan 's gross debt is at 236 % of it 's gdp ? 
  that 's stupid and the person who wrote it should feel stupid . 
  all you have to do is look at japan . 
  just because you go hungry does n't mean you should be happy that you 're loosing weight . 
  * shhhhh *, 
  yes , but you 're also staring down the loaded gun of deflation , which trapped japan in stagnant growth for some two decades . 
  and if you ca n't even institute a proper fiscal union how can you expect to field a effective bank ? 
  it does , but i think we 're still in a much better position than the european union because of qe & much more capable in handling it thanks to our structural integrity in comparison to the eu . 
  wealth can also be undervalued , absorbed & withheld . 
  which is why the german exchange rate is undervalued , why german exports are climbing at the expense of it 's neighboring countries & why the southern eu countries will remain stagnant while the northern countries refuse to institute appropriate fiscal transfers to southern countries to help bolster their economy & shore up their production * ( which , of course , would be healthier for the eu as a whole , but also weaken germany & other northern countries influence & economic advantages ) * . 
  also , have you ever heard of ** deflation ** ? 
  [ japan would like a word with you . 
  well given the fact that the eurozone does n't have a strong fiscal union to help the southern nations & damn near every american state * ( many of whom have economies & populations skin to entire european nations ) * have a balanced budget amendment , and our central bank has more room to maneuver & more capability to act in response to crises ... well ... i feel alright . 
  i do n't want america to join the eu because i 'd much rather a north american union . 
  why do you oppose a north america union ? 
  do you believe it 'll be a loss of your european freedoms ? 
  i also do n't want to join a supranational government that does n't have a proper legislature , does n't have a proper executive branch , does n't have a union-wide currency union , does n't have a strong fiscal union * ( thus also undermining the currency union ) * & does n't have a single military or foreign policy . 
  it 's a organization with no clear goal or identity . 
  it does n't know whether it wants to be a confederal intergovermental organization or a federal supranational organization . 
  so it 's trying to go full-speed in two directions and is tearing itself apart in the process , thus endangering future stability & integrity . 
  an on that note , i 'd only support a north american union which * does have a clear vision * & which * does know what it is * so we * do n't end up like the eu * . 
  also , i just do n't want to join a organization named after another continent . 
  sue me . 
  lol, 
  it 's not veiled at all . 
  lol i made it pretty clear . 
  and the eu is n't something i 'd exactly call * `` more democratic '' * , what with a parliament which lacks legislative initiative , the set-up of the commission & how the council is appointed . 
  plus the economy which is wholly dominated by germany thanks to the euro undervaluing it 's exchange rate and it 's staunch opposition to a strong fiscal union , thus draining the industrial markets of it 's neighbors and handicapping southern europe 's recovery to increase german influence . 
  an i really should n't even have to mention nordstream , which has the potential to economically isolate eastern europe to the benefit of both germany & russia . 
  there 's nothing to be afraid of when america would never let it happen . 
  it 'd fucking sink eu-american relations ; politically , economically & militarily . 
  and i 'd fully back that sinking if such a move was made . 
  ** edit : oh , you 're talking about america joining . 
  than yeah , in that scenario , i 'd support it . 
  clearly . 
  i mean breaking bad , the godfather , star trek , apocalypse now , star wars , the sopranos , seinfeld , always sunny in philadelphia , the wire , house of cards , the daily show , orange is the new black , mad men , goodfellas , parks & rec , martin scorsese/quentin tarantino movies in general and the the colbert report ... all crazy imaginations ... an yes , self-importance . 
  i guess that 's what you call a unsc member , largest national economy , most powerful military , international reserve currency & most influential north american state . 
   tell me ... are you one of those canadians who gets their panties in a bunch & whine like a bitch about a cultural invasion when there 's one too many american shows/movies on the tv ? 
  lmao, 
  i do n't think lord of the rings would 've happened without the power of hollywood behind it . 
   and yes , we are actually . 
  like i pointed out with norad . 
  we 're canada 's largest & most important military partner . 
  well ... we 're that for damn near every nato member-state ... but canada especially . 
  an i bet you 're the kind of guy who pops a blood vessel when your average brit ca n't tell , nor cares , about the difference between you & a american . 
  lmao go hang up that huge canadian flag in the hostel so you feel a * lil bit * less insecure now buddy . 
   * pats on head *, 
  yes , i have looked at your currency , and my favorite part of canadian movies is that i ca n't tell it 's not a american one 'till they pull out the money . 
   an dude , if you really believe all that other stuff about the economics of the situation , well ... that 's you . 
  i 'll see you in 5-10 years . 
   i got no worries , and you should feel as confident in your position as i do mine . 
  an you 're also in norad , and the british cross-pollinate with us & we cross-pollinate with them too . 
  you 're not ... you 're not special at all in that regard . 
  lol i do n't know why you think you would be . 
  we 're not only you 're most important military partner , but the one you cooperate most extensively with . 
  oh , yes , the big bad ol' united states . 
  hence why it 's europe & china extracting most the oil out of iraq , and us who are now domestically the largest oil producer . 
  i mean ... clearly ... the petrodollar is the only reason , instead of only part of the reason for our economic position . 
  largest national economy , largest financial markets , largest gold reserves , huge amounts of resources , most arable land & a very strategic geographic position with friendly neighbors has nothing to do with it . 
   an clearly it 's the united kingdom which is the sell-out . 
  which is why germany is n't using it 's artificially low exchange rate through the euro to boost it 's exports at the determinant of it 's fellow eurozone members . 
  which is why germany is n't the one opposing a strong fiscal union with the appropriate transfers to help heal the south because it would endanger german influence & hegemony in the eurozone . 
  which is why it is n't germany which has authorized & helped construct nordstream which can economically isolate eastern europe to the advantage of both russia & germany . 
  and vietnam is very relevant . 
  it shows that even the countries which fought horrible wars with america are willing to work with america if it means deterring chinese influence , which only goes to increase american influence in the region . 
  an japan might be a threat , but so might turkey . 
  that poses a problem for all of us . 
  same goes for turkey with the eu & russia . 
   it 's also funny you mention iran , because i want my country to increase relations with iran because they remind me of vietnam . 
  as in they 're out for themselves and once america leaves the middle east they 're going to continue to be a thorn in the side of the eu , china & russia . 
  my point is , the cold war is over . 
  europe has gone from being a benefit to a liability . 
  a weak europe is not in our interests because a weak europe means it 's liable to russian influence & grows more dependent on us , thus distracting us from asia/pacific . 
  i have to agree , but honestly i 'd rather see europe unite than divide . 
  not to mention a north & south divide could than increase the likelihood of a brexit , or even precipitate the scandinavian countries leaving to form their own union . 
  because it 's not america 's responsibility and the eu member-states ar n't incapable of doing it themselves either . 
  if you guys are so sure of a currency union , why do n't you provide a strong fiscal union with the appropriate transfers ? 
  words are cheap , but unfortunately your trade is n't . 
  ceta does not got far beyond nafta . 
  it 's actually the other way around . 
  and if you remember , america is also negotiating the ttip which is just a much larger version of ceta . 
  an the united states was actually one of the first countries to take rapid action & reform in response to the great recession , hence why unlike europe , we do n't have stagnant growth , have n't suffered from a double-dip recession & ar n't on the verge of deflation . 
  we also do n't continue to have huge bank failures which are underpinned by toxic debt as we just saw with that portugese one . 
  having a strong fiscal union with the proper transfers does n't hurt either . 
   not to mention damn near every state has a balanced budget amendment in their constitution * ( keeping in mind american state economies & populations are relative to many european countries ) * . 
  but hey , replacing reality with your own version of it helps too . 
   next you can tell me that canadians have more in common culturally with europeans than americans . 
  or how you 're more militarily integrated with european partners instead of your american partner . 
  what do you mean getting more vigilante ? 
  half the region , including vietnam of all countries , is increasing ties with the united states because of chinese aggression . 
  an america does n't want a weak european union . 
  it means we need to divert focus & resources from asia/pacific to deter russia in eastern europe . 
  it means we have to help europe every time a european nation finds it in their interests to intervene in north africa . 
  a divided europe means the world begins operating through chinese standards instead of western ones * ( a huge reason for the ttip ) * . 
  we are moving into a multi-polar world centered on asia , hence why we 're pivoting to asia & trying to move away from europe , but we ca n't move away from europe if europe divides & handicaps itself , thus increasing it 's dependence on us . 
  if we did n't want the european union to exist in it 's present form we would 've sabotaged it sometime during the past half-a-century instead of encouraged & fostered it 's growth . 
  no problem .
