   expelling jews . 
  in 60 's , right ? 
   in my opinion , in reaction to centuries of oppression , kindly delivered by poles ... 
  it was mostly a feudal conflict between self polonized ruthenian nobility and peasants , at least up to xx centuary . 
  if you share too much with somebody ( history , religion , language etc. ), 
  then clear separation is needed . 
  just like often between divorced couples . 
  those rather assault people only in internet and rather worship free market . 
  rather `` best sort of poles '' who see poland as `` german-russian condominium '' . 
  i can image eu unit for heavy air transport . 
  could be use for humanitarian help too . 
   we have no defensive pact or military agreement with any nation in the world , we have zero enemies and work hard to stay a non belligerent nation and this will never change . 
  it 's a simple thing when you live on some island in not so relevant place . 
  let be clear , neutrality is not , and never was , a choice of country which wanted to be neutral . 
  neutrality is a choice of neighbours . 
  you have a luxury of having only one neighbour , who is peaceful now . 
  it 's a simple luck . 
  still ireland is involved . 
  in case of war , where eu in participant , ireland currency ( euro ) and budget ( eu donations and so on ) , probably other things , will be directly challenged . 
  it 's simple . 
  let 's try : fascist are bad for some , sometimes for all , sometimes they destroy economy to , corruption etc. 
  moving to democracy/free market usually need few reforms . 
  communist always are bad for majority , sometimes in longer run , and always destroy economy . 
  moving to democracy/free market always demands a massive painful reforms . 
  communist usually kills a lot more people and destroy economy as a addition bonus . 
  i think eu army will be for volunteers . 
  also if you are in eu , then eu war = your war , same as apple monies earned in for example malta are your tax . 
  fascism is easier to fix eventually . 
  why do you mixing two different things , knowledge about smoking being harmful and knowledge about being denied service ? 
  those are completely different things . 
  also you are naive if you think that in future other condition will be with provided treatment ? 
  sooner or later some manager ill get brilliant idea , that smoker with cancer will die anyway , so why take care of his teeth and so on . 
  yep , so people will be denied service , for which they were paying , because government will be decide , that somebody else is worth more to use those moneys . 
  what next , more eugenics ideas ? 
  it would be ok , if those rules are applied to young people , who are warned when they are starting working and paying . 
  and that 's a example how slowly every `` nunny socialist state '' is slowly turning into totalitarian state , which is controlling people and their life choices . 
  many of those people were paying their taxes for years for promise of unconditional medical treatment , and suddenly they are out of it . 
  nope , learn something about biology before posting . 
  home sapiens is a [ specie ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/species ), 
  it is an ethnicity . 
  nazi were killing ethic jews without caring if they were practising judaism , were atheist , or were converts to christianity . 
  like a nun and saint [ edith stein ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/edith_stein ), 
  that happens when some unproductive humanists lost contact with dictionaries and produces their own definitions taken from air in order to show , that they are `` making some science '' , not just waste taxpayers moneys . 
  10 years of `` jastrz\u0105b '' ( pol . 
  `` hawk '' ), 
  yes , it based on the same myth i think . 
   vilina ( fairy ) in polish ( old one , rarely met ) there is a word `` wi\u0142a '' ( it should similar , in polish `` w '' = `` v '' ) or `` samowi\u0142a '' , `` samodiwa '' exist , and it is a demon , which looks like a beautiful young girl . 
  sometimes happens to me too . 
  no problem . 
  genocide works even better , no muslim - no problem . 
  but stating a fact means i support it and i will do it ? 
  nope it is n't . 
  so basically if i share my own image on internet in order to make it public and for free , some `` communities '' will make money on it ... 
  have you even read my comment before posting ? 
  i was pointing out , that eastern european muslim can not be used as a example of assimilation for western europe , because it ca n't happen in the same manner . 
  where do you see a promoting of communism in my post ? 
  i see that somebody share my opinion too . 
  neonazis just keep creating new symbols . 
  in result for example people born in 1988 can forget about adding 88 to their nick in games ... 
  muslims in russia - 70 years of totalitarian anti-religious regime and a few centuries under russian empire , which was brutally punishing any kind of defiance . 
  polish muslims - a rather small group of muslims , which lost contact with other muslims and lived in separation for a few centuries . 
  indeed we truly can use those methods to create our muslims , which do not follow koran closely ... 
  banning koran is idiotic . 
  rather all those talking about `` islam is peaceful '' should be forced to read it . 
  in chronological order . 
  and with biography of muhammad and hadiths . 
  ukrainians armies from post great war conflicts are not those from wwii , clearly . 
  whole oun and upa was created in opposition to those on believe that ukrainian from that period were too kind and not radical enough . 
  learn simple basics before posting , seriously . 
  they clearly messed names a bit , but it is clearly explained to which army the are referring to . 
  pre-participation polish nobility were fans of , to say in modern term , a `` small government '' , and were proud of being free people in comparison to absolute monarchies around . 
  it 's a pain see that modern polish `` conservatives '' rather inherited their idea of governing from communist . 
  ca n't normal people sign too ? 
  i can image a alternate history , where without nukes wwiii happened , and one side decided to spread some deadly virus . 
  there is a possibility , that world without nukes could be worse , or image nukes , which do not create radiation and wasteland , leaders would be more trigger happy then . 
  well , i do not like pis , to say it lightly , but kaczy\u0144ski would lose completely against corbyn in any contest for village idiot job . 
  ukraine agreed for it . 
  i did n't end well , i guess nobody ever will buy `` give up on nukes for safety guarantees '' again . 
  i 'm for nato etc. 
  but i agree , that giving kosovo independence without agreement with serbia was a mistake . 
  a few lithuanian soldiers were on parade , three or four . 
  idea for ip rights was about helping innovators and designers by securing their income , in result more people worked in this field , and that helped technological ( and not only ) progress . 
  now it is twisted way to securing corporations income , and let them control technological progress in their favour . 
  picture shows that more voted po than pis in powiats close to polish-russian borders . 
  keep convincing yourself . 
  as well as a situation where somebody is using a lack of * vacatio legis * to forcibly put a unconstitional laws , whose remove possibility to check itself . 
  in result of that vacuum tribunal had to proceed in accordance to constitution . 
  maybe you should read whole article , not just a one point abused as a loophole . 
  so if they proceeded with a new act , and then found it unconstitutional , then it 's mean that sentence is based on unconstitutional act ... 
  this was a unprecended situation , when pis tried to find a loophole and force a laws omitting constitution , also they omitted a tradition of * vacatio legis * , a two weeks time before act is biding in order to force a unconditional laws , for example : art . 
  190 5 ) * judgments of the constitutional tribunal shall be made by a majority of votes . 
  * also prime minister have no rights to decide what he can publish or not , constitution is clear : article 190 1 ) * judgments of the constitutional tribunal shall be of universally binding application and shall be final . 
  * and article 190 2 ) * judgments of the constitutional tribunal regarding matters specified in article 188 , shall be required to be immediately published in the official publication in which the original normative act was promulgated . 
  if a normative act has not been promulgated , then the judgment shall be published in the official gazette of the republic of poland , monitor polski . 
  will isis related sites in internet follow those rules ? 
  well , but at least france have means to do something in africa ... 
  because prosperity and stability do n't help ? 
  ( at least too much of it ) i think a probability * is a thing * here . 
  usually great former civilisations were formed by single country and had no real challenge , usually ended with some less advanced but more mobile invaders arriving during their stagnation . 
  from the other hand , in europe nobody got a upper hand and we got a several countries with several ideas , so it was harder to deteriorate knowledge , and at some point it sparked .
