  unless i 'm using a newspeak by saying  the quranic preachings of the called caliphate in the described islamic state looks like this fascist is too hard to me . 
  damn , it being anti-intellectual so fascist . 
  wait , but if this guy is from middle class he may be a a nice fascist too ! . 
  what a funny game  for the eternal fascist , eco wrote , disagreement is treason . 
  so if disagree with those points about what is a fascism then person which is angry at me a fascist ? 
  i think instead of using word `` fascism '' in a newspeak style we could use old `` populist '' word . 
  wait , that 's the cult of tradition . 
  once i would like to see an article what you can do or think without a risk of being labelled as a `` fascist '' , instead of articles about what fascism is . 
  currently that list would be quite short . 
  and so what ? 
  that fundamentalism was n't really backed by bible itself , especially by new testament , from the other hand , islam fundamentalism is . 
  jesus was born as poor and died without resistance as one , muhammed died as a successful conquering warlord , i do n't really see big similarities here . 
  you have no idea about what you are talking . 
  they are not similar . 
  reformation in a way it happened with christianity ca n't happen with islam . 
  christianity have a golden rule in it core , when islam simply do not , instead it is allowing violence . 
  reformation started , when some christians read a biblie and found differences between it and official hierarchy policy . 
  the same thing happened already with islam , and so wahhabism happened with kicking cult of saints and so on ... 
  i have n't said that nazis were better . 
  anyway question was about `` germany and russia '' . 
  well , not only wwii counts [ polish operation of the nkvd ( 1937 -- 38 ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_operation_of_the_nkvd_%281937%e2%80%9338%29 ), 
  jazz cover of `` she is dancing '' by cezik is even nice though . 
  stop lying to others . 
  according to art . 
  2 chairman of tribunal is a one do decided when to use art . 
  f. also according to art . 
  3 full squad needs at least 9 judges . 
  simple geopolitical play . 
  stalin expected a long war between germany and france & uk , a repeat of wwi . 
  those countries being exhausted would be a easy target . 
  well , fall of france in 1940 surprised everybody . 
  i guess it would be proportional to amount of people performing terrorist attacks after shouting ` deus vult ! ', 
  or some islamist wannabe . 
  still an idiot though . 
  and bringing all them here ( i mean small part of them , because bringing all people in need to europe is simple impossible ) is a better solution in which way and is it good in long term as we see currently in france ? 
  politicians were knowing for a long time funds for unhcr are lacking , that this wave will come , and they have done simply nothing to inform society and collect funds , but now they want to risk our safety ( not theirs ) and refugees ( by encouraging them to taking risky journey ) and put blame on people seeing this is not going work well by labelling them . 
  those full emotional words western political hypocrites wants to throw consequences on somebody else and show themselves as `` humane '' with help on media helping them . 
  only long tern solution is to have middle east countries work out , but whatever we came to them or left them alone it ends badly and they want kill us and change our lifestyle . 
  so we have to pay extra moneys to people who even do n't want to stay here in order to convince them to stay and not to go to germany . 
  i would rather spend those on real refugees dying in camps over world who do n't have thousand of $ to pay to traffickers than on those who are picky . 
  poles only travelled through , syrians want to stay forever . 
  polish refugees founded whole army to fight nazi germany , syrians do n't want to fight for their country poland is independent country , persia was under british-soviet occupation after 1941 and had nothing to say about . 
  so what prize i won ? 
  thanks for airfix . 
  make latin great again, 
  i think now that reason for mixing teutonic order and prussia may be a result of `` krzy\u017cacy '' , which was written during participation `` to reinvigorate hearts '' . 
  by the way , for those with interest in history ( or those who bothered to read a textbook in school ) is obvious that german immigration to poland was a thing in the past . 
  anyway there is joke i met , that even if germans and russians were enemies , from germans at least we could learn a lot . 
  true , even i forget this part of pomorze near gda\u0144sk was a `` prusy kr\u00f3lewskie '' . 
  meaning of word change over time for common people , and not only for those . 
  your knowledge of polish history seems to be pretty good . 
  no , we do n't . 
  indeed it was a vassal country for some time , but i guess not many common people realize or remember this , same as fact poland was in personal union with saxony . 
  usually is rather equation : prussia = teutonic order = germans + we invited them and kicked their butt in tannenberg/grunwald . 
  for those more knowledgable about history opinion is rather about being a mistake to let exist as a vassal state and then let them get independence , if i 'm correct . 
  so prussia rather is not saw as a part of commonwealth , and so they are not recognized as traitors or something like that . 
  i was thinking about that in the other way . 
  ukraine have proportionally bigger community in canada then in other countries . 
  it looks like their chicago is in canada . 
  nope , chinese . 
  currently not , in past jews had . 
  well , poland even helped jewish organisations in palestine in interwar period . 
  for practical reasons though . 
   it makes us want to do things and change the way things are done . 
  that 's how we progress as a society . 
  all depends on scale . 
  if somebody is torturing himself with `` i have to have this , this and this or i and my life sucks '' so he either gets depression or break laws for profits or vote some dangerous populists , it hardly results in progress of society . 
  wanting more is n't bad , unless is not overdone , and having a wider perspective helps with that . 
  poland had the biggest jewish community and was a centre of jewish culture in the past . 
  everybody in europe should be sent for month to live in rural africa . 
  after a few years of such program everybody would be happy , happiness would blossom . 
  current minister responsible for this is a gowin - a bit delusional guy , but nowhere close to typical pis member , he is a former member of po and belongs to minor party `` polska razem '' , which is cooperating with pis . 
  he wants to reforms his field to , for now for example i have read he wants to put a maximum members of students per academic tutors in order to stop letting everybody join university , because more students = more cash for university , at big expense of quality . 
  nobody remembers belarus ( also latvia , estonia , and ... israel ) . 
  i have heard there is a quite big ukrainian community in canada . 
  i have heard during participation of poland poles in german army pretty often made a big part of liaison units , because only they were speaking literary german , learnt in schools . 
  pumped-storage hydroelectricity is nothing new . 
  for sure we have a some kind of kinky love-hate relationship . 
  so indeed we are bickering over those things , but thinking that because of this poland can switch fully for russia and break with ukraine is nothing more than wishful thinking . 
   staring like a calf at a painted door . 
  `` gapi\u0107 si\u0119 jak ciele na malowane wrota '' - exist in poland too , same as a few others . 
  seems those are not so unique . 
  however `` my axe fell into honey '' is a something new and a funny one . 
  i guess it was created if somebody chop a tree and found wild bees honey . 
   all these prases are n't that unique , all these exist in poland too . 
  not all warhawks wants to create a `` clean '' country , and do not hesitate to use violence without limits . 
  nobody would have problem with ukrainian great war , and following years , leaders . 
  so it makes a sense and also it sounds pretty scary . 
  is good we have a bankowy fundusz gwarancyjny ( bank guarantee fund ) , so if bank goes bankrupt up to 100 000 $ is paid to customers by fund . 
  maybe they thinks , that moneys at home are safer than in bank ? 
  i mean , do they worry that some day banks simply close or something ? 
   based on what ? 
  on scientific papers . 
  found for example [ this one ] ( http://www.demographic-research.org/volumes/vol32/27/32-27.pdf ) in google schoolar, 
  in meantime , percentage of atheists in world population is going to decline . 
  gon na be fun . 
  our butthurt on being butthurted by overdone butthurt of other poles is a thing too . 
  but `` socialist '' sounds bad here , so instead they call it a `` country of solidarity '' . 
  unless he decide , that only speaking is not enough for inner audience and it 's time for some brinkmanship . 
  still , i guess it is a complicated matter for tax administration and companies are trying to lower profits as much has possible .
