  well , not exactly . 
  before election they were playing a `` new moderate party '' scheme , with szyd\u0142o and duda and with macieriewicz and over-leader hidden . 
  there were even statement , that macierewicz would not be a minister of defence . 
  i guess they fooled a few % of voters with that . 
  at least they would not let poland to become a bankrupt within a year in result of social spending . 
   and palestine was british territory at this time so it says nothing of islamic altruism . 
  also iran was under british and soviet occupation since 1941 , so it is not like anyone asked persian ruler if he likes an idea . 
  `` we will fix country , but just after taking all possible power '' - have it ever worked ? 
   for the purpose of suppressing parts deemed objectionable on moral , for me it match that part . 
   calling it censorship is childish , [ censor ] ( http://www.dictionary.com/browse/censor ) * an official who examines books , plays , news reports , motion pictures , radio and television programs , letters , cablegrams , etc. , for the purpose of suppressing parts deemed objectionable on moral , political , military , or other grounds . 
  * whatever you agree or disagree with such practice , you ca n't change a definition ... 
  mostly by people who consider everybody who are not with them as traitors . 
   whatever happened with the caracals , the issue is that french defense officials do n't feel they can trust the current polish government for defense matters . 
  well , i guess now poland will be put into `` unreliable third world customers '' list ... who let that madman into our ministry of defence ... 
  [ when i 'm og\u00f3rek-hime ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mynkpwifmxq ), 
  looks like asians and eastern europeans are similar when it come to drawing a `` great_put_name_here ) maps . 
   who also exports terrorism and treats their citizens horribly , if usa starts buying oil from iran an so iran will get more from usa cash than from russia , they will switch their alliances , especially that now usa and iran have common enemy , a is . 
  from the other hand , could saudi arabia switch their aliance partner from usa to russia ? 
  actually iran is much more democratic and developed country than saudi arabia . 
  yes , if you are implying one can not be a policeman at day and pirate when night come . 
  that 's ... . make no sense at all . 
  well , from the other hand , i wonder eastern europeans would be able to tell difference between bavarian and somebody from hamburg , i even take a risk and say , they are as different as czechs and poles . 
   the only source of light were the lightning bolts cracking at 0,5 sec . 
  intervals that 's why you always should have some [ gromica ( thunder candle ) ] ( https://lamusdworski.wordpress.com/2016/01/29/gromnice/ ) for it . 
  i pickup it from colleague from job . 
  it is spreading i think . 
   of course they would n't . 
  poles could n't bare such a thing as independent lithuania , so much for polish anti-imperialism while being imperialistic state in the region . 
  nope , poland did n't really cared if lithuanians are independent or not , after taking part poland was interested in , ethnically lithuanian area was n't really wanted . 
  it was only your phobia , that poland dreamed about conquering whole lithuania all time . 
  from the other hand , lithuania successfully pissed of all big neighbours and prevented a creation of any `` third power '' coalition in that area . 
  for sure poland wasted a occasion to create a independent belarus , shame . 
   i also assume you support russian take over of crimea ? 
  your assumption is wrong . 
  drawing a new borders on ruins of empires in 20 's is not comparable with modern times . 
   greece and turkey are not same as lithuania and poland , we should n't compare other countries since they hold far different history . 
  why not ? 
  local population from that area never supported lithuanian government and lithuanians were never defending it seriously , unlike local poles . 
  so much for stealing and being a capital . 
  anyway , so for you having just a normal border is a act of knee-bending ? 
  really ? 
  even greeks were not raging that much over constantinople , even if taking into account actual greeks were living there ( 1/3 of city , if i remember correctly . ), 
  it was lithuania , who blocked and completely shut down border , you ca n't spin this around . 
   as they were n't since occupation of vilnius ? 
  poland was talking with lithuanian government about economic relations , but conferences in copenhagen and lugano ended with noting , also because lithuanian opposition was raging over this . 
  in early 1926 new centre-left government allowed to creation of polish schools , but then soon after steponas kairys , vice-marshal of parlament , supported a normalization of economical relations , nationalists took powers . 
  of course such undemocratic government made everything to grow up a siege mentality in lithuanian nation . 
  yeah , poles in vilnius just keep occupying themselves . 
  poland had border conflict with many countries, 
   basically says the same bullshit but its about interpretation . 
  how i love ignorants which have n't held any of those books in hand , but loves make claims . 
  in both homosexual sex is a sin . 
  so , both are the same , right ? 
  no , sherlock , go check what both say what to do with sinners . 
  bible - you can caution a sinner , aside this you should help him like a brother , do not use violence , punishment is a god 's job . 
  quran from the other hand allows violence , or even encourage it against sinners and also dehumanize them . 
  and your arguments ran out , so lets call names . 
  by the way , why even bring 1919 when i brought 1926 ? 
  before 1926 post-war situation was starting to normalising slowly , but then after coup lithuanian nationalists have taken relations back to point zero . 
  nationalist from both sides were overblowing repressions performed by other side , that 's for sure , so i wo n't comment if those are true or not . 
  i wo n't deny those could happened . 
  however , as you probably know , polish government was n't pleased by action made by local poles , also lithuanian soldiers were supposed to withdraw from this area . 
  typical border clash in mixed area . 
  i agree with one thing , with closing seminary , which was hotbed for radical nationalists priest abusing their religious position to preach hate against other catholics , poles . 
  yes , they polonised themselves voluntarily . 
  it was lithuanian sejm , which voted to change official gdl language from old belarussian to polish . 
  about interwar period , it is also good to mention , that after nationalists coup in 1926 in lithuania all polish school were closed , around 80 . 
   poland was huge dick back then polish stance was clear then . 
  historical borders with federation or ethnic borders . 
  lithuania wanted to create a country with ethnic borders from * medieval * times . 
  giving vilnius to you would have the same sense as giving constantinople back to greece ... 
   poland does n't have any moral right to lecture others about treatment of minorities . 
  image , what would happen if poland were acting lithuania towards silesianists , for example giving a fine for a sign in your dialect . 
  and what exactly those links proves ? 
   when the ruthenian and lithuanian upper classes were drawn towards the more westernized polish culture and the political and financial benefits of such a transition such horror , indeed . 
   because the law in question has passed every possible step of the eus legislative process . 
  its not about them taking refugees per se , its about countries arbitrarily deciding to simply ignore the eus ability to pass binding laws and resolutions not being a thing the eu can allow to happen . 
  but this law still do not work effectively even in countries which tried to accept it , and so it is dead . 
  worst thing which can happen to law system is to introduce laws , which do not work and are not reasonable , because then any respect for laws and institutions eventually falls . 
  so instead pushing it eu should cancel it as soon as possible or replace it with something workable , in order to save its face . 
  it is possible thanks to [ nuts system ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nomenclature_of_territorial_units_for_statistics ) . 
  i have n't saved a source , and such thing is not easy to find by quick googling , but i remember reading article about greater poland province loosing cohesion funds . 
  anyway this may [ link ] ( http://www.nordregio.se/global/publications/publications%202016/state%20of%20the%20nordic%20region%202016/figure%208_1%200352_europe_gdp_pps_2013pdf.jpg ) makes possible to greater poland , lower silesia and warsaw to get over eu average gpd . 
  if i remember correctly , after brexit some polish provinces will become net contributors , or at least will not qualify for structural eu help . 
  that 's a reason , why law banning active promoting of ideology , istead just banning symbols , is a bit better . 
   use of any symbol of the nazi regime is good enough a crime , and so neonazis just invented new symbols . 
  i expected horse on bicycle . 
  in the other words , encourage grey area by limiting legal earning and built system to controlling and fighting grey area , which will consumed tax collected from people instead investing in something practical , because a lot people is scared as crap to move 20 km from their current house . 
  seems logical , no wonder spanish economy is not doing well . 
   or on demanding that tourist flats have a license and comply with similar regulations than the ones hotels have to follow . 
  that 's reasonable . 
   there could also be a limit on the days an appartment can be rented to tourists each year . 
  and that is ridiculous , how do you even want to control that ? 
  so you want a right for yourself do decide how much and how owners earns ? 
  this is not a decision of world , but spanish landlords . 
  or if landlords are foreigners , then if was a decision of spanish people who sold them their property . 
  i 'm not sure you get what i mean by `` world '' . 
  i was referring to `` time '' , not a foreign influence . 
  aside this , there is only one place on earth , where foreign influence in minimal and under strict control . 
  it 's north korea .
