  that 's my bet, 
  interesting . 
  so duda may be playing a good cop , or maybe he grown a spine . 
  and again , this reform do absolutely nothing about making access to job as lawyer etc. 
  easier . 
  your point ? 
   judicial system elite were a loyal `` friends '' of the comunist party . 
  and that 's a bullcrap . 
  average age in `` s\u0105d rejonowy '' - 35-40 years , `` s\u0105d okr\u0119gowy '' - 40-50 years , `` s\u0105d apelacyjny '' - 50-60 years ( data from 2012 , so 5 yeas ago ! ) . 
  around 80 jugdes of the highest court only four wereagents of communist services , and not very helpful to it . 
  in the other words , most `` commies '' are already on pension , or will be on it very soon , biggest important one are out already . 
  typical pislamist name calling everybody and accusing about everything with no proofs to back claims . 
  for sure komorowski have n't to deal with so idiotic acts landing on his desk . 
  what about [ taqiya ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/taqiya ) ? 
  seems to be pis speciality . 
  so far president , and to quite a big surprise , vetoed only one act recently . 
  there were even jokes about , for example that kaczy\u0144ski gave president his cat for a moment and he signed it too . 
  so most expect it to be signed , nonetheless there will be petitions to president to not doing it . 
  if he do n't do this that will be something big . 
  president have 21 days to sign it . 
  so it may be even tomorrow , or three weeks . 
  president may also veto it , then sejm have to reject veto with 3/5 of votes ( with at least half of pm 's present ) , or he may send it to constitution tribunal to check it compatibility with constitution . 
  well , today i saw this highlighted news on the state funded national television :  opposition is trying to make coup against democratically elected government so it was a honest advice . 
  it is a sunday today , so even if i was a child , and it was n't summer , then still i would have a free day for redditing , nonetheless it was an attempt to make a clever response i assume ? 
  how exactly this reform can remove corruption ? 
  you should watch less tvpis , its lets to brain meltdown . 
  we call those guys pislamists . 
  fun fact - this reform do absolutely nothing about how fast cases are processed . 
  but this fixing is basically a return to prl . 
  i mean a situation , that you go party committee with a complaint , then they make a few phones and situation is solved , do not mean that country is strong and effective . 
  and i doubt any reform pushed within 2 days , without even parliament members knowing for what they are voting for , and without a consultation , can bring anything good . 
  37,58 % voted for them , and such overnight `` reform '' like a hell was n't in their program , but hell , screw whole poland , and those poles who voted to join eu . 
  well , through history poland have passed a point of no return a few times already, 
  the most meme polish politician except janusz korwin mikke, 
  what about unitary country made by 3th may constitution ? 
  do you want me to post pictures of french bombers from interwar/early wwii period ? 
  well , we could try dig even deeper , but then we could run into some turboslavic/lechita loonies . 
  and crazier . 
  it was n't a minor case , it was giving rio ( regionalna izba obrachunkowa , a body , which is checking finances of self-governments ) additional rights , to check not only , if accounting is done properly , but also mismanagement . 
   time to return silesia to ~ ~ germany ~ ~ ~ ~ austria ~ ~ czechia . 
  fixed it for you . 
  what if nothing happen ? 
   poland has the real fear of turning into ukraine 2.0 , they can not use their military as an influence-buying tool . 
  but poland is actually doing it . 
  that is n't a submarine , but torpedo boat . 
  ngo boats coming to czech sea ports . 
  in polish : [ pos\u0142owie pis chc\u0105 podwy\u017cki op\u0142aty paliwowej ] ( http://www.bankier.pl/wiadomosc/poslowie-pis-chca-podwyzki-oplaty-paliwowej-7528810.html ) basically , they need monies for country roads fund and local roads fund , so they want additional 0,25 pln per litre . 
  if left-wing do not destroy themselves next elections ( two parties , got around 10 % and managed to not get to parliament ) , means pis wo n't have a majority next time . 
  also do you remember acta ? 
  one wrong decision they hit on people nerve and they will lose , now they are trying to put special tax on petrol for example . 
  important fact is that kaczy\u0144ski is pretty old , unlike orban or erdogan , and without him his party will end in turmoil and struggle for leadership . 
  yup , because we are one hive-mind . 
  anyway , eppo stands for european and mediterranean plant protection organization ? 
   and pis was elected by the people . 
  by very slight margin . 
  after many tricks used by pis . 
  and after several years of pro-eu parties . 
  you want check the hell out how those funds are spend ? 
  good , do it . 
  moneys are wasted for example on later empty airfields in poland or spain , or or idiotic travelling between strasbourg and brussels , it should be stopped . 
  also without uk some polish provinces will become net contributors . 
  travelling through many safe countries and then going on purpose to dangerous lybia ( except for libyans ) is not a good cause . 
  article 31 of the 1951 convention relating to the status of refugees provides as follows : 1 the contracting states shall not impose penalties , on account of their illegal entry or presence , on refugees who , coming directly from a territory where their life or freedom was threatened in the sense of article 1 , enter or are present in their territory without authorization , provided they present themselves without delay to the authorities and ** show good cause for their illegal entry or presence ** . 
  if you want to see what real discord is , then check out discord between poles and lithuanians about adam mickiewicz , not to mention tesla balkan bickering . 
  from that perspective , it is not really a problem . 
  varna is bulgarian city where poland lost battle and our king died ( his body was never found ) in 1444, 
  it looks like you have serious comprehension problems . 
  you say there is no movies in catalan , catalonia made a law `` 50 % in catalonian '' , court lowered it to `` 25 % '' . 
  yet you are blaming court decisions about laws to be implemented for your current situation . 
  that 's ... make no sense . 
   i ca n't fucking go to the cinema and watch a movie in catalan because of your constitutional court - . - what kind of fake news is that ? 
  article you posted clearly says court agreed to 25 % instead 50 % , seriously , stop acting like a spoiled brat . 
  because without catalonia ... 
  because apparently in eastern european part of eu there are only western , central and nordic countries . 
  depends how question is made . 
  people will response differently asked `` do jews have very big influence in world politic and world finances ? '', 
  and `` would be country better without jews ? '', 
  we went a bit too far with outsourcing , have n't we ? 
  explaining reasons = / = justifying and accepting, 
  i just wait for a few new memes and that 's all i expect to happen . 
  i sort of works in that area too . 
  here the 2nd rbmps were adopted by the government on 18 october 2016 , just almost 2 years after deadline . 
  also our groundwater districts ( i do n't know a proper english name to be honest ) borders had complete overhaul , next year our water law gets overhaul too , with pretty big change in administration , a complete new agency will be created and it will take over tasks spreaded between a few government and self-government institutions . 
  it is going to be a bit chaotic then . 
  if you do n't mind we may exchange experiences on pm . 
  learning languages with reddit lesson no . 
  i know that , i was just joking about finnish-dutch competition . 
  water quality in delta , even naturaly , never will be close to mountain stream , for many reasons . 
  well , that escalated quickly . 
  that `` king '' stuff was like , 2-3 days ago ? 
  username check out . 
  what is wrong with you ? 
  firstly you attack me by saying i do n't know how law works , implying you have to take all , then you are confirm i 'm right , can you finally decide what do you want ? 
  also do n't talk so big , at least our bank system works , when yours can cause euro to fall. , so maybe blaming poland , get the germany and france to finally bring any sensible solution to table ? 
  well , `` tourism town without brits '' may be a selling point of that town though . 
  then how law works ? 
  it is clearly written there . 
  anyway , enjoy whole africa in your country then . 
   i 'm . 
  saying , that if somebody on their own decides to travel multiple dangerous countries , instead moving to the nearest safe one , then it obvious he do not want to reach a safe space , thus he have no argument to justify his illegal entry to europe .
