  image if simultaneously poland asked to be where spain is , and both wishes were granted . 
  somebody should make official english subs and make a worldwide news station . 
  it would sell better than japanese anime . 
  which country exactly made a borders in middle east without looking at ethnic/religious compositions , for example did not give a country for kurds after great war ? 
  maybe uk ? 
  i have never met with it . 
  so that 's my unique experience from trip to ukraine . 
  yes : example 1 pier\u00f3g 2-4 pierogi 5-21 pierog\u00f3w 22-24 pierogi 25-31 pierog\u00f3w 32-34 pierogi 35-41 pierog\u00f3w ( and so on ), 
  when i was in ukraine , i heard funny joke about kopiyka ( their cent ) : `` you buy nothing without it , but also you buy nothing with it '' . 
  i even got my change with candies , lol ... 
  i guess it is similar in russia ? 
  it is odd , in the same time value of transaction , which can be done legally with cash instead transfer is being lowered to 15.000 pln , if i 'm right . 
  some people are joking , that government is preparing for inflation . 
  from the other hand , king sobieski known for gates of vienna will be on 500 pln banknote , just right with current trends ( muslims ), 
  reminds me a opinion written by lem in his golem xiv [ link to video ] ( https://vimeo.com/50984940 ) . 
  i like it , because of typical calling religions with names ( one big fraud ) it explain how exceptional and needed invention it was at some stage of our evolution . 
  and , if i 'm correct , alloy used to make them is worth more , than that . 
  from the other hand , we are getting 500 pln banknote this year , when 200 pln is n't very popular . 
  that reminds me a [ cotton diplomacy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cotton_diplomacy ) , it did not ended well . 
  called `` the big pussy '' . 
  by the way , i wonder if other european countries have similar events . 
  we could mimic russia , but being a total dick towards your neighbours is outdated . 
  we have some gas and history of mining oil , first oil well was located in podkarpacie [ ignacy \u0141ukasiewicz ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ignacy_%c5%81ukasiewicz ), 
  if there is nation , where people do not have personal pride , then russian is a one . 
  i mean for centuries ordinary russians are being exploited by their overlords , and they keep loving them !, 
  like in one big pathological family with nukes . 
  probably not a lot for poland , but us army could liberate half of czechia before commies . 
  unfortunately rosvelt was naive as kid towards uncle stalin, 
  i see a plan here : 1 ) create non-existing countries . 
  2 ) let pis diplomats talk with them . 
  3 ) it do not matter if they mess something up , for obvious reasons 4 ) everybody is happy . 
  not sure , i ca n't say for all , but i think we do n't such complex and being triggered by being called easter europe , like czechia or baltic states have . 
  from the other hand , we invaded spain and haiti ( under napoleon ), 
  there is no single objective geographical terms of border of eastern europe or whatever . 
  there is several different definitions based on different factors and made for different reasons . 
  getting butthurted for those is simply silly . 
  that 's a multilevelled joke . 
  you now what , it would make also more sense to build some pipes inside road , during summer it 's hot enough , put a heat pomp and we get hot water . 
  basically solar thermal collectors would be much easier to be added to road i think . 
  anyway your or mine idea seems to be at least potentially useable . 
  in rzesz\u00f3w , sure , city with two universities and so many foreign students and professors , there is even chinese teaching their language in kindergardens , but sure poland much racist . 
  i do n't say racist do not exist here , but are they above average ? 
  dunno i will think about it eating another kebab prepared by turks . 
  i wonder how 40 + women will breed more for all that cash ... 
  well , if kaczy\u0144ski die ( he is a bit old ) , then pis is going to get nice internal fights , or will act like headless chicken . 
  yeah , because comparing muslims from ex-communist countries , where governments were seriously trying to remove religions for generations and do not cared about human rights , with muslims from middle east makes a point ... ps . 
  jihadist from montenegro are in syria . 
  and in future further radicalization can happen , because islam is prone to it . 
  do not forget armenians and tatars . 
  lviv have armenian cathedral . 
  and somehow number of lunatics in islam seems to be a bit bigger than in other religions ( or among atheists ) , personally i do n't think it 's a coincidence . 
  anyway , most people are conformists , and so they not really oppose those lunatics , when things get serious . 
  and the biggest number of witches was burn in protestant countries , not in medieval times . 
  so be careful with wishing us `` reformation '' . 
  so now can i expect we will see news for a week about polish truck murdering people instead mentioning a details about driver ? 
  i hope not . 
  haha so our dear mr. ziobra managed to prove any corruption so far ? 
  i asked , what plan pis have ? 
  those new laws written on legs , which bigger part is to put their people in institutions , or give more rights to pis colleagues ? 
  what economical plan for future pis have ? 
  next year prices are raising , taxes are going up , growth is going down , we got a few minister doing whatever they want with powerless prime minister and morawiecki talking about investing , when all cash already went into social . 
  and how exactly pis is going to stop a brain drain ? 
  and again : what the most productive part of our society : young couple , both working with a earnings a bit above minimal , is going to get for first kid ? 
  answer is ... nothing . 
  i have already posted alternative , but i guess reading with understanding is a bit difficult , surely it is than just mindlessly repeating governing party slogans . 
  the question is , what being pro-polish means ? 
  because shouting ( and even believing ) that `` i 'm patriot '' absolutely does n't mean somebody action would be good for country , also pis do not have any serious plans for future , they are acting like somebody surprised by their own victory , and if they do n't have a plan , but think that having bmw people ( `` abbreviation of `` bierny , mierny , ale wierny '' = passive , mediocre , but loyal '' ) will be enough , then we all gon na hit the wall hard . 
  seriously please name one single thing in which kaczy\u0144ski is better then previous leaders ? 
  any advantage ? 
  any skill ? 
  any achievement ? 
  without dead brother as an achievement he would be out from politics by now . 
  500 + do not help with demographic collapse , it helps to produce more workers for the west if economic ignorants keep ruling us . 
  also how giving a 500 + for 40 + years old women will give us more kids ? 
  it would n't , but give more voters . 
  in the same time , young married people ( if both are working ) wo n't get a cash , but having first child and getting house is more difficult . 
  instead some 40 years old not working legally dudes are getting nice cash . 
  what point it have ? 
  if pis had a bit of brain they would give monies for new born kids only , and for young couples . 
  i hate pis because i hate budget ruining massively spending not abiding to law socialists , as any right wing person should . 
  your theory is invalid . 
  pis tactic guidebook : 1 ) claim everything everywhere is completely political and twisted 2 ) put your people without any expertise everywhere 3 ) if somebody point that out , go to point 1 . 
  pis is destroyed civil serivice and is removing any law rules , which prevent imbeciles to get some position . 
  any party before had moved so far . 
  also , pis after a year of full power do not managed to put in jail any of those terrible wrongdoers , who according to pis ruined poland . 
  instead , they already ruined our budget . 
   combat helicopters with aa and at capability would be cheaper and more useful . 
  well ... not combat helicopter are priority targets and are pretty vulnerable . 
  you are that kind of people , who want to see a world burning ? 
  i like you then . 
  1 ) what poles did for jews in wwii ? 
  well , surely more than american jews . 
  2 ) why so many jews remember and speak about polish anti-semitism , not a german ? 
  because those are alive . 
  which one works better for triggering ? 
  fun fact : father of polish president wife is a jew , pis is heavily promoting [ ulm family ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/j%c3%b3zef_and_wiktoria_ulma ) also adding current muslim popularity ... 
  i guess it 's complicated , but there is any clear anti-semitism in political life , we get too much other crap going now and nobody really cares expect occasional `` we are again blamed for holocaust '' from time to time . 
  they just changed a law in a way , that director in civil service can just be appointed without contest , and pis argument was : `` it was n't really working , so why bother with it '' ... and they always can find a reason different than writing a `` ideology '' to put it on paper . 
  so uk is going iran path and france with their atheism is going a ussr patch . 
  europe is becoming crazier every year .
