it depends . 
  if somebody take `` all cultures are equal , everything is subjective '' seriously , then culture in saudi arabia is as good is in america , but simply different . 
  if somebody have some hierarchy of values , which he consider are optimal/universal whatever , then he can compare cultures with it and judge them . 
  anyway , no matter which option somebody pick up , somebody will call him neither libertard/regressive or fascists racist . 
  in funny world we live . 
  i have read it few years ago , so i would have to basically read it again . 
  anyway , i have no desire to `` win '' this particular discussion , i just dropped it here as a interesting and complex study . 
  if remember correctly , information that lithuanians could not recruit people to lithuanian army in 1918/19 in vilnius area was from other book , litewskie lotnictwo wojskowe 1919-1940 by rezmer waldemar, 
  you know what ? 
  i will give you link to a nice historical scientific book ( i mean written by real historic and full of sources and not only `` poles always right '' ) . 
  it was a nice lecture . 
  link is to legally shared pdf . 
  now we are like divorced couple after long fight who will keep child raised by both . 
  nope , not you , i 'm not denying it . 
  here you go : [ link ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4h8s0h/polish_minority_in_lithuania_celebrating_polish/d2omia8 ), 
  have you ever read about political situation in lithuania prior and during wwi ? 
  what was happening in vilnius during 1918 ? 
  poland was trying to ally with lithuanians and failed , pi\u0142sudski solutions were simple , or some kind of commonwealth and historical borders , or separate countries with roughly ethnic borders . 
  lithuanian government disagreed to both and even made a treaty with bolsheviks during soviet offensive . 
  so in this case only solution was to enforce second option . 
  and this is the same case , historical capital of one country inhibited mostly of population of other country . 
  can you explain if there is any important difference ? 
  you forgot to mention a lithuanian nationalist too ... 
  so writing street names in native language of minority is against a law . 
  the real question is , why do you still have that idiotic law ? 
  vilnius belonged to people living there and around , and those do not wanted to be a part of new nationalist lithuania , who wanted to eradicate any polish influence whether people living there wanted this or not . 
  in 1918-1919 lithuania could not recruit soldiers from that area to their army , but after they retreat poles easily created self-defence to defend from bolsheviks . 
  giving vilnius to lithuania in 1920 would be comparable to giving constantinople back to greece , i mean pointless . 
  these days case is closed and belongs to the past , but what poland did then was the most logical solution in that painful conflict . 
  it is like discussing if child should go with mother or father during divorce ... 
  i guess everything what could burn , burned years ago in that area . 
  anyway , meantime in donbass ... 
  i think we have the same problem when dealing with russia . 
  when once local self-government decided to move a monument of soviet general , who had a episode with breaking a agreement with local polish partisans and arresting them during wwii , there were accusations towards polish government and opinions we hate russia . 
  polish government was busy saying this is a right of local self-goverment , and so government wo n't intervene . 
  i wonder if that 's a cultural difference . 
  poland had a long tradition of individualism ( [ golden liberty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/golden_liberty ) and not trusting authorities ( 126 years of participation + communism ) so being sceptical towards government and state and seeing it as something different from people is completely normal , from the other hand russia was a complete absolute monarchy for centuries , and russian communism was n't different . 
  by the way , some funny fact to show that `` poland hates china '' is a bullshit . 
  in my city ( rzesz\u00f3w ) there are lessons of chinese in city kindergartens , performed by chinese students studying here . 
  that 's a initiative of city self-goverment , our city president is a bit eccentric person . 
  i would say `` huge hatred '' exist , but also there are people to look to those times with nostalgia . 
  anyway , to be honest , that 's not really a case here . 
  we mostly differ between disliking a people from some nation and disliking a government/ideology of that nation . 
  so we dislike putin and russian action as a country , but we do n't dislike and have nothing serious against ordinary russians , unless they start controversial political topic . 
  so i never met any hatred against chinese people , culture , whatever , and even if somebody do not like for example what happened with tibet , then it would have no impact how he perceive regular people . 
  to be honest , most poles probably would not really differ between asian nations . 
  also poles have nothing against asian nations , well , we seems to like vietnamese people : [ vietnamese people in poland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vietnamese_people_in_poland ) and i do n't see a reason why it would be different with chinese . 
  i would love somebody explain me why you think that we hate you or we are hostile . 
  i was truly surprised when i saw this map and read it . 
  some time ago i even read a memories of polish wwii ace , urbanowicz , who flew with `` flying tigers '' in 1943 . 
  he wrote a whole book about , `` fire over china '' [ witold urbanowicz and `` flying tigers '' ] ( http://www.acestory.elknet.pl/urbano/urbano.htm ), 
  and poles . 
  polish king jan iii sobieski with hussars made a successful charge there and so it is considered as a last great victory of polish-lithuanian commonwealth . 
  too late . 
  anyway , this time it will end with polish-french border , 
  i let myself to disagree . 
  [ kingdom of germany ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kingdom_of_germany ) [ republic of german-austria ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/republic_of_german-austria ) anyway name is irrelevant , point is there was nation artificially divided within several countries . 
  he is right . 
  up to the xx century german nation was divided within several countries ( similar like italy ) and so like prussians were germans also austrians were germans and part of holy german roman empire . 
  idea of austrian nation as a something different than whole `` german nation '' is quite new in historical terms . 
  i also support democratic system , but in my opinion there is one important thing . 
  democratic country need educated society , which is ready to take responsibility and is aware , at least to some extent , how country and world works . 
  just giving people a sheet of paper with places to put `` x '' do not solve any problems itself . 
  probably because west lives in democracy we do not understand this , because those things are too obvious to us . 
  so in good will we forced voting in for example africa in countries with artificial borders , so people just votes their tribe 's leaders , and we ended with civil wars , dictators and rebellions . 
  instead removing next dictator after another to get voted on third one , we should put more resources to modernize sociotes and set rules like slowly giving more and more power to people for example regional level , so leader able to rule democratically will appear and people will be able to choose then instead voting some populist bastard . 
  after all , uk was n't made a democratic country overnight , it was a long process . 
  turkey ( to some extent ) and taiwan are quite democratic now , but that happened thanks to people , who would these days be considered `` brutal dictators '' . 
  and here in poland some believe that nato can help us in case of putin going nut . 
  indeed this is depressing . 
  yup , all those calling to do immoral violent bad things in quran are just taken out of contexts . 
  also like whole life of prophet . 
  and like there is any centralised institution in islam do decide what is official and what is not . 
  sorry , i 'm not buying that crap any more , whole bloodshed and violence which was made , is being made now and probably will be made in future in muslim countries speaks for itself . 
  islam is a awful ideology in the same league like national socialism and communism . 
  it is easier to differ religion from ethnicity in polish language , because ethnicities are written with big letter ( so jew - \u017byd , dutchman - holender ) , when believers of religions with small ( so jew - \u017cyd , christian - chrze\u015bcijanin ) . 
  in english both are written in the same way , so it may be confusing . 
  for muslims quran is a final revelation , and this is a quote from almost final chapter . 
  but who you are to stand and say `` this do not longer apply '' when quran itself do not explain this ? 
  and why i should believe that some muslims will follow your way of explanation instead of just following book ? 
  i asked : give me an example of other religion having strictly settled rules about prosecuting non-believers . 
  do you have any ? 
  it was done aside christian doctrine , because there is no word in bible ordering to prosecute jews . 
  christian were prosecuting jews , but not because that religion order to do so . 
  and because christians were doing bad things , we should not look at teaching of quran ? 
  what kind of logic is that ? 
  i 'm not making a comparison of whose believers were bigger scums in different periods of time , i 'm directly comparing their holy books . 
  tolerant in historical context ? 
  then give me example of any other religion with such rule . 
  not minority religions , but jews and christians , other do not have such privilege . 
  also where `` only a little '' is defined ? 
  `` subdued '' ( or `` humiliated '' in other translation ) rather give different vibe just `` obey rules of the country '' , especially those were imposed in conquered countries . 
   i think many people underestimate how many secular muslims there  are . 
  what the hell is a secular muslim ? 
  that 's a oxymoron ... 
   fight those who believe not in allah nor the last day , nor hold that  forbidden which hath been forbidden by allah and his messenger ,  nor acknowledge the religion of truth , ( even if they are ) of the  people of the book , until they pay the jizya with willing submission ,  and feel themselves subdued . 
  quite tolerant, 
   the quasi-quranic preachings of the so-called caliphate in the  self-described islamic state that apparently a fascism . 
  but if say this is a core of islam and i do not want it , then i 'm a fascist ? 
  but if i 'm a right then he is using a newspeak and he is a fascist .
