  i was thinking , that it was so obvious it do not need to be especially explained , but i guess `` special '' people happens ... 
  i 'm . 
  saying , that if somebody on their own decides to travel multiple dangerous countries , then it obvious he do not want to reach a safe space , thus he have no argument to justify his illegal entry to europe . 
  polish subarpathian province is attached to lublin , not krak\u00f3w ? 
  * i 'm triggered *, 
  well , norms in poland have been made more stricter in 2016 , so when in 2018 result from 2017 measurement appears , we will fall lower probably . 
  a few point : * it covers only ecological status , so i assume chemical is n't taken into account ( both together makes overall status ) . 
  * at least in some countries not all rbw are checked , or are once in a few years . 
  * countries made their own norms , i 'm not sure how much eu is responsible in checking , if those are reasonable . 
  dutchs turned sea in inland sewers apparently , 
  maybe , but eu can put penalties on them anyway . 
   article 31 refugees unlawfully in the country of refugee 1 . t he contracting states shall not impose penalties , on account of their illegal entry or presence , on refugees who , coming directly from a territory where their life or freedom was threatened in the sense of article 1 , enter or are present in their territory without authorization , provided they present themselves without delay to the authorities and show good cause for their illegal entry or presence what good cause for illegal presence in eu people coming from libya , except libyans , have ? 
  i have n't know this , looks funny , thanks . 
  estonia for example had them too . 
  during that period , if during chaos you had captured it , then you had one . 
  also it was n't that costly , just put some armour plates and cannon on normal train wagons and you have one . 
  there are busy of making a remake of remake of old remake of fictional comic hero . 
  but american hero . 
  by the way , this whole youtube channel is great . 
  it looks a bit like a modern church . 
  do n't worry , in any freedom press index or similar germany will get top marks . 
  they have some crazy idea every week , hard to keep track . 
  so far they have plans to do so . 
  if this not important to you , then why not just let it go ? 
   the countries -- austria , croatia , the czech republic , hungary , slovakia and slovenia -- are reported to have created a grouping called the central european defence cooperation and want to be a role model for the entire european union . 
  i hope eu wo n't end like austra-hungary though . 
  sorry , indeed i forgot about ceuta and melilla . 
  any north african port would do . 
  nope buddy , western ukraine simply had it much lightly under austria-hungarian and polish rule , than under tsar/commie , that 's all . 
  secondly , there are many example you are wrong , even pi\u0142sudski just made pow and wait , instead making next pointless bloody uprising ... you have a lot to learn . 
  that 's for sure , but i read `` racism '' instead `` racist attack '' and i got some semantic breakdown , a bit like nationalists or racists have from time to time . 
  and that 's why oun members disgusting totalitarian barbarians . 
  and for the worst , idiots . 
  because somebody anybody with a brain understood , that the best they could do when being in such disadvantage was to fight for keeping culture , and silent preparing for better times . 
  not freaking murdering their own compatriots , because they were sceptical to oun suicidal ideology . 
  nice heroes you got . 
  technically , is there a law against being racist ? 
  there are laws against promoting racism , hate speech , nazi symbols , attacking somebody , making a nazi party etc. 
  but for simply being a racist ? 
  do pi\u0142karskiego meczu s\u0142owacja-szwecja na m\u0142odzie\u017cowych mistrzostwach europy pozosta\u0142 jeden dzie\u0144 translation - it was a day before slovakia-sweden football match of uefa european under-21 championship , and there was a lot of police in city centre . 
  so yeah , i assume police could assumed they are just some footballs fans ... edit : now i see reports police could n't understand anything , lol . 
  you are now justifying murdering your own people , which not shared an idea to turn polish part of ukraine into land with spiralling violence , in moment when ukrainians were on disadvantage . 
  i have no words . 
  i guess you need some time . 
  similar things happen here , but not on that scale . 
  during communists for example warsaw uprising was critiqued as plotting of london fastists , after 1989 it was really popular as heroic , but now some starts to think that attacking german army in bunkers with pistols really was n't the best idea commanders had ... 
  i also , as a fan of world aviation , was looking for information about ukrainian air force from 1917-1922 , but there is scarce of information . 
  i even managed to get a ukrainian book from `` militaria ucrainica '' series , but translating ( when i find free time ) will take time . 
  anyway , black-red flags do not do well in poland . 
   and i do n't think market access is a huge deal for a small military base in cyprus for now there is access to that market by gibraltar , maybe some other territories ( ? ), 
  or just by london . 
  but then those get closed , who knows what will happen . 
  do you even know the 10 commandments of the ukrainian nationalists ? 
  simple question , how many ukrainian were murdered in interwar period , and if poles were murdering poles for supporting peaceful solution ? 
  terror when attacking foreign army is one thing , but oun were destroying civilian property and murdering their own people in order to get retaliation towards ukrainians . 
  [ the ukrainian radical national movement in interwar poland the case of organization of ukrainian nationalists ( oun ) ] ( http://www.academia.edu/10242649/the_ukrainian_radical_national_movement_in_interwar_poland_the_case_of_organization_of_ukrainian_nationalists_oun_ ) it will be harder to fight a source in english ( i assume polish ones are not good enough for you ) . 
  oh , there is article by famous timothy snyder , us historian , which studied eastern europe affairs very carefully [ a fascist hero in democratic kiev ] ( http://www.nybooks.com/daily/2010/02/24/a-fascist-hero-in-democratic-kiev/ ), 
  looks like another british achievement can be to reunite cyprus on something \u1555 ( \u141b ) \u1557, 
  i assume it is more prevalent in former galicia , than in central ukraine , i 'm right ? 
  i was there three time i think . 
   strong autocratic government is different from totalitarian government like in soviet union or nazi germany do you really thing it was about that ? 
  what about great ukraine , clean from jews , poles and russians with allowing to perform any necessity crime to reach that goal ? 
  not to mention murdering even fellow ukrainians , who tried to seek peaceful solution ... franco and mussolinii even had jews in their ranks , horti and mannerheim told germans to get lost when they asked about their jews . 
  oun was clearly racist , and that point itself do not let say it was just a bit `` authoritarian '' ideology . 
  compare loses of soviets and germans from that period , millions of russians taken as pov and fact , that germans were moving forward faster than in poland or france ... also , my knowledge is apparently better than yours , because stalin was an people 's commissar to the high command of the southern front during that war , and i was referring to that . 
  also warsaw battle was won , because soviets were flanked , ( lack of stalin army helped ) and civil war was mostly over by 1919 , that 's why bolsheviks marched to the west . 
   they were idealists , they actually sacrificed their lives in an attempt to get independence for ukraine . 
  this is something that have to leave a trace . 
  and so hitler was idealist , who wanted the best for motherland . 
  seriously , maybe they fought for independence , but their idea how that country shall look , is nothing to be proud off . 
  can you pick some leaders from 1917-1922 ? 
  it was massive effort put on by inhabitants of soviet union , with enormous material help from west . 
  stalin just piggybacked whole nation with terror , and if his not idiotic mistakes like great purge , murdering millions of citizens and allying hitler to be outplayed by him , soviet union probably would not suffer so much . 
  i mean soviet army in 1941 made one of the most massive military failures in human history , which is especially funny , when you consider that stalin was squeezing russians like a citrus fruits , in order to be prepared for war , for longer period than iii reich . 
  especially funny is , that hitler himself made stalin a big favour , by doing all what possible to convince russians , that he is worse than stalin . 
  to add , thanks to stalin incompetence soviets lost warsaw battle and so occasion to make a border on rhine in 20 's . 
  there is nothing special about . 
  a one thing central planning is good about is to squeeze all human and natural resources into a few selected simple tasks . 
  outside that , it simply fall . 
  also , without help from west , for example soviet army could n't made a offensive because lack of trucks and so one . 
  but if finland put all those people of colour in media etc. 
  to make it american-like , then it would be a appropriation of american culture , right ? 
  btw . 
   `` it 's a crazy experience to grow up in a white country where the white people do n't even realize they are white and what kinds of privileges it gives them , '' i found this so idiotic , i ca n't even ... 
  it fails even at basic level of logic , because if everybody have the same privilege , then nobody is privileged . 
  did they needed to be rebuilt after 1944/45 ? 
  there is something with similar name in poland , [ `` trzy korony ( three crowns ) '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trzy_korony ) . 
  because they knew , that migrant would not voluntarily go to their countries , or would run away over night , so they just voted because being pc/appease germany/whatever . 
  name means `` three heads '' or something different ? 
  maybe he is werewolf ? 
  then he can . 
   therefore , opposing migrant quotas by spilling hate undermines it the crap do not work , whether ee is part of it or not , because of migrant altitude towards it . 
  and there is no constructive approach from west countries how too deal with mass migration in future , but only scapegoating ee for not participating in that circus . 
   poland 's culpability is a fact whether you choose to believe it or not . 
  keep pushing you agenda , but it wo n't fly . 
  poland was lied that iraq had wmd , our consent had no decisive matter for anybody , sent only insignificant forces , also poland did not caused and not participated in arab spring by any means and currently military involved in fight islamistic state is quite laughable ( 4 reccon f-16 ) . 
  but keep believing in culpability . 
  good joke . 
  poland had not help to create those problems , and it ca n't become a fact , no matter how you spin it . 
  poland shall bot make a barbed wired camps ( before whole circus ngo bring circa 100 syrian christians , most run to germany , so it 's a only way ) for migrants , unless eu find out any sensible solution aiming at sources of problems .
