  example - chinese were as good sailors as europeans , building much bigger ships then us , chinese fleet was sailing to eastern africa , but at some point emperor decided to ban such journeys for silly reasons and all went to waste . 
  in europe , even if portugal had banned sailing , then still spain was there . 
  or sailors will find another sponsor . 
  also i think author in op article mixed * civilisation * with * culture * . 
  in 1981 we had a ministry of truth though . 
  currently we all have and enjoy a european race to bottom championship 2016 . 
  i wonder who actually was a father , could an attacker be him ? 
   so how come poles killing ukrainians is n't a genocide if ukrainians killing poles is ? 
  please stop trolling and repeat nonsense like some bot , you think anybody going to fall for this ? 
  find a evidence when a polish fascist organisation razed a several villages within a night and come back . 
  czarniecki , lol , chmielnicki troops were doing the same , and who cares about war , which happened about 4 centuries ago ? 
  when did poles genocided so many ukrainians like upa did in volhynia ? 
  people from polish right organisations from wwii ( like nsz ) have nowhere close popularity in comparison to upa . 
  get your facts right and stop talking nonsense . 
  i was learning it through schools and university , but it is definitely not enough to get a decent result . 
  my hobbies really helped me to improve it further , basically i read english texts everyday . 
  even in school teachers said i 'm really good at reading , but pretty bad at speaking and writing , i guess it have n't changed . 
  i think i need to reread rules about grammar and those tenses . 
  polish is one of the hardest languages , but at least it have only three tenses . 
  terrorists were targeting infidels and europeans , and we are both . 
  we simply are not affected by political correctness to same extent like western countries , also people on the west known a lot of `` muslims '' which do not really follow islam and mistake them for real thing , this also do not happen here . 
  poles died in nice , tunisia , london , madrid and so on . 
  you know , europe without borders . 
  nope , but germany and eu were trying to push them here . 
  they could simply allow a bilingual streets names and other minor things instead [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nyjpd_3qruq ) or stop gerrymandering in order to limit number of elected poles and tomaszewski will loose all propaganda ammunition . 
  question is , if poles are stupid to cooperate with russians , or lithuanian policy is pushing poles to cooperate with russians ... 
   whats important here is that ukrainian radicals dont attack poles . 
  not in poland , not in ukraine , not anywhere . 
  let 's hope in future some kids decide to not follow ideas of oun to create a ukraine strong ukraine with one nations under one leader . 
   and there are lots and lots of polish heroes who were actively fighting against ukrainians if you do n't see a difference between soldiers fighting soldiers on war and people mercilessly murdering pregnant women then nothing can help you . 
   or about such cemeteries : the cemetery of the defenders of lwow from ukrainians !!, 
  and so what is wrong with that ? 
  that area was inhibited by both nations , most of lviv population was polish and those people lying on polish cemeteries are locals . 
  anyway , what the hell you are proposing , to remove war cemeteries ? 
  really ? 
  if some dumb nationalist can not accept that area was inhibited and important to more than one nation ( lviv always was a multicultural city ) and have a problem with existing cementaries , then my response is clear : he can go to hell , i could n't care less about his feelings . 
  exactly . 
  [ ecotone ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ecotone ) usually have the biggest biodiversity . 
  this one is inconvenient more though [ amet-khan sultan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/amet-khan_sultan ), 
  he is a symbol , all ukrainians committing crimes were called after him . 
  anyway he was a terrorist before war , and a prominent person from organisation , which was a equivalent of italian fascist and germans national socialist . 
  ok , it seems discussion goes further with misunderstanding . 
  i was only referring to using term `` secular muslim '' , not to rest of discussion . 
  so let 's go with points * secular - non-religious * secularist - somebody believing in secularism - the principle of the separation of government institutions and religions . 
  i pointed that somebody can not be a believer and a non-believer ( secular ) . 
  from the other hand , both atheist and believer can be a secularist . 
  so basically it was about semantic . 
  what you have described is called in poland ( wisla in nick means you are somehow connected with poland ) `` niepraktykuj\u0105cy '' - non-practising , not a secular or something - those are not dangerous unless some suddenly decide to turn back to faith and do something stupid . 
  also in case of bosnians , i have read once some interesting paper about `` religious ethnicity '' which happened on former yugoslavia territory , where being officially a member of some religion was a part of ethnicity , rather then personal faith . 
  how do deal with that ? 
  i do n't know , but for sure i do n't buy `` being ostracized '' as a singular reason , but just as a trigger of something already existing within ideology of islam . 
  a lot of people , nations and religions suffers from `` being ostracized '' if not something worse , yet even if they create terrorist group/partisans it is very rare for them to go for deliberately slaughtering random innocent people . 
  usually is about targeting specific people or taking hostages and claiming demands . 
  islamist terrorism is on completely different level . 
  no , i 'm from mars yeah , somebody may be be eating meat every day and say he is a vegetarian , can we count him to vegetarians ? 
  seriously , if somebody believes in god , then he is a christian , if not , he is not , no matter what he claims . 
  simple as that . 
  it would be easier for all if they just pick up somebody as a national hero from polish-ukrainian war , which happened after first world war, 
  from article :  on june 26 , polish radicals attacked a ukrainian catholic prayer procession in przemysl ( peremyshl ) that had occurred annually , injuring a participant . 
  that 's true , but in order to give both sides view i add a information , that attacked person had a shirt with red-black colours ( banderowcy ) . 
  i do not support such attacks , but ukrainians colours ( blue-yellow ) are fine , sporting ukrainian nationalist red-black may give you a problem . 
  for example six ukrainian students photographed with badera flag were expelled from university in przemy\u015bl . 
  secular means `` non-religious '' ... maybe `` secularist muslim '' match it better ? 
  i think secular = / = secularist anyway , got downvoted for saying truth ^ ^, 
  if he is secular , then he is not a muslim ... 
  there ca n't be a such thing like secular muslim , it is a oxymoron . 
  easy , i 'm aware of those mistakes . 
  those neutral ukrainians had it the worst though , being under barrage from both sides , some being murdered by oun . 
  obviously i 'm not saying that all ukrainians were < racist xenophobes but only those radicals from far right , and i 'm targeting those . 
  some ukrainians even died from their hand for hiding poles . 
  so if just half is brutally killed , and rest just ran away , then it is not a genocide ? 
  what a brilliant loophole !, 
  are you trying to dilute discussion with some `` whataboutism '' ? 
  keep that moralising for yourself , i sometimes read about mistakes and crimes made by poles . 
  i guess we managed to do this in that way : [ president kwasniewski 's speech at the jedwabne ceremony ] ( http://www.dialog.org/hist/kwasniewski.html ) or [ paw\u0142okoma massacre ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paw%c5%82okoma_massacre )  on may 13 , 2006 polish president lech kaczy\u0144ski and ukrainian president viktor yushchenko attended a ceremony at the site to pay tribute to the victims , and to encourage historical reconciliation between poland and ukraine . 
  after celebrating a panychydy , the presidents also paid tribute to all polish victims who died in paw\u0142okoma . 
  and so on . 
  off course some retards from one party , which is currently ruling say some crap , in a few years they probably will be gone . 
  i may throw at you a number of polish saving jews but then what valuable can it bring to discussion by such dick measuring ? 
  a dream of prewar ukrainian nationalist : a free great ukraine . 
  free from poles , jews , russians ... 
  funny thing , this typical interwar fascists and racist totalitarian movement could happen thanks to poland , if whole ukraine ended in soviet union , those fascists would be simply purged ... not that poland was a saint in interwar period , but nothing can justify a rampage performed in volhynia . 
  ukraine wants to europe and eu ? 
  that 's fine and i welcome you , but ukraine to achieve it will have to face a truth that some of it leaders , now heroes , were simply nationalist and fascist responsible for genocide , who simply ca n't be example for future generations . 
  and by fascist i mean real fascist , not `` fascist '' carelessy thrown around by regressive left and russia . 
  but transaction will be traceable , and then something like [ executive order 6102 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/executive_order_6102 ) happens . 
  well , poland want ( wanted ? 
  i may have changed ) a submarines with missile able to travel far into russia and deliver conventional warheads able to penetrate a bunker . 
  is not like our nuclear deterrent is about blowing a nuclear plants in russia and creation of several chernobyls in case russia nuke us or something , 
  poles + germans = perfect blitzkrieg ^ ^, 
  but that 's basically a french revolution . 
  i wonder how poland managed to completely rewrite lithuanian identity in lithuania/belarus border area in merely 20 years , but failed to do the same with for example ukrainians or belarus area . 
  probably magic or some deeply hidden polish plot ! / s just mocking nationalist, 
  they already got one . 
  it is called wahhabism - kicking non holy book traditions , cult of saints , what was a point of christian reformation . 
  in mountains you could built a lot of dams . 
  well , but it would have a bad impact on environment too . . 
  if you think about it , waffen ss was mostly about killing white people by other white people for silly reasons , even those who do not liked bolshevism , but had no luck to be counted to master race , also for silly reasons . 
  i do n't know why people are surprised . 
  proselytizing is a normal thing .
