  :( eu + uk bffs . 
  woo germany !, 
  yep , we gave 12 points to sweden last year . 
  to text we 'd have to be part of the euro . 
  fellow brits , are you all ready to start moaning about political and block voting ? 
  yep ? 
  jolly good . 
  the graham norton show is the best chat show on tv !, 
  better than that smug cunt wossy . 
  have fun being sober !, 
  who are we going for then ? 
  ding dong all the way !, 
  i prefer jedward . 
  that 's how bad it was . 
  we 'll vote for you if you vote for us ! ^ ^ ^ please ... 
  * looks * like something * everyone * would drool over . 
  only a few to go , guys . 
  we 're not dead yet . 
  oh my god this is awesome . 
  he 's behind you . 
  chorus would make you paraletic . 
  greece : `` we just do n't give a fuck . '', 
  `` i 'm not sure if he 's dancing or if he 's run out of air . '', 
  it may as well have been . 
  have i tuned into azerbaijan 's got talent ? 
  i still have n't forgiven you for the volcano , iceland . 
  cleaner close , episode 6 ... 
  a near miss upskirt , so maybe . 
  who remembers `` what ... did you learn at school today ... that 's what the teacher 's used to say ... '' the only gb eurovision song i can remember ... 
  i ca n't even remember bonnie 's and it was 5 minutes ago . 
  your username sums up britain in this thread . 
  by bonnie 's request . 
  you do n't want to see her in focus . 
  of course !, 
  * vomits *, 
  unfortunately not . 
  let 's stick together and get through this ... 
  i still have n't heard this , i 'm not sure i want to . 
  edit : nope . 
  i would n't give her my point . 
  bonnie has a cold ... yeah that 's it , a cold . 
  and damn block voting . 
  do other countries blame block voting as much as we do ? 
  graham norton says this is `` special '' and `` very eurovision . '', 
  `` small children and pets should probably be removed from the room . '', 
  i loathe her as much as rita skeeter from harry potter . 
  i could n't figure out if we were being made fun of or not . 
  reading about her now , her mother is american , father british , and she was brought up in sweden . 
  that 'll do it . 
  i. . . do n't know what 's going on . 
  i prefer it when there 's a duo presenting it . 
  much more potential for awkward jokes and silence . 
  i really liked it . 
  top 10 i reckon !, 
  `` oooh denis van outen let herself go '', 
  claudia winkleman version 2 . 
  she was wearing a us flag jumper ... what a stupid decision . 
  james may on keyboard , singing his advert song from top gear . 
  it seems like joseph gordon levitt should sing it . 
  edit : crap beaten to it by stuffypillow !, 
  dude , you need to see those legs though . 
  wow . 
  aww . 
  i like jeremy . 
  belarus ' woman 's legs are connected to her head . 
  bloody hell . 
  this song does n't make me want to crawl in a hole and die , it 's above par . 
  that 's 1 drink !, 
  it should be in the performer 's preference , i would n't like it if they forced everyone to sing in the same language . 
  i 'm off to my bunk . 
  `` if two girls kissing offends you , well you should grow up . '', 
  i love graham . 
  edit : here we go . 
  now this is eurovision . 
  i 'm not sure if i should have wished for it now ... 
  nothing makes sense for the next 4 hours . 
  i 'm so in the mood for a camp ballad with a flashing dress . 
  oh god , it 's like our countries are singing in the bathroom and then the usa 's seen us and we 're all embarrassed . 
  do n't judge us . 
  if you 'd like to watch the bbc coverage though install expatshield and watch on iplayer : http://www.bbc.co.uk/iplayer/tv/bbc_one_london/watchlive, 
  i did n't you could get bbc channels in the netherlands ? 
  or do you stream it ? 
  represent us , put your flag flair on !, 
  wow this is above par . 
  especially when he 's making fun of the hosts . 
  it 's always fun waiting to see who is the person giving out the votes too . 
  i got both downvoted and given reddit gold earlier for saying norton was better than `` that cunt wogan . '', 
  this sounds like a christmas song, 
  oh man , i 'm so excited now i 've seen this thread !, 
  so many different nations in here !, 
  i 've been curious for a while now , what is the tv coverage like in other countries ? 
  here in the uk we have graham norton talking over the little videos and giving sarcastic digs at the contest and pretty much everything in it , including ourselves , and it 's brilliant , in true british fashion . 
  it 's a yearly event, 
  the sound of the vacuum is preferable to eurovision, 
  suck it france, 
  jesus christ , pay your internet bills . 
  see australia ? 
  that 's how this was supposed to work . 
  why is nigella wearing a sea urchin . 
  no points australia ?
