  of course she 's going to feel european . 
  another one of my friends has lived in the same city almost all her life ( and did n't much like it when she moved ) , so she identifies more with her city ( and province ) than the netherlands . 
  true !, 
  we 're still upset about the 4th anglo-dutch war . 
  having a system with several parties is pretty cool , but holy crap we have a lot of parties . 
  thanks for your explanation , very thorough !, 
  yeah but it provides a nice little boost to the local economy , plus if shit goes down , you guys get to help defend us . 
  what 's the downside of that ? 
  why would we give up being in an alliance with the us and canada ? 
  and , if the alternative is an eu force , turkey , norway , and other non-eu european countries ? 
  that 's awesome , houses * should * be getting smaller !, 
  really ? 
  you do n't understand that why people went anti-nuclear after a disaster happened ? 
  you know what , why do n't we just use those lines and change the meaning of the words ? 
  i saw the little mermaid without ever having been to copenhagen . 
  do i win something ? 
  ferrostaal is originally a dutch company , too , but they 've still got their headquarters in essen . 
  that 's all the map is about . 
  i kind of wish it would . 
  i see almost only upsides !, 
  i think it 's clever . 
  scampi + kampioen , right ? 
  scampi are delicious and being kampioenen . . is something our countries do n't know much about really . 
  i like your username . 
  hey , [ we beat them ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anglo-dutch_wars ) in 3/4 naval wars . 
  they should be * our * sidekicks !, 
  not * that * easy , but yeah it is pretty similar . 
  possibly it has to do with how it 's being counted , because as far as i know , in high schools , there has n't been a change . 
  dude , this means we 'll totally win tonight !, 
  i 'm closest to the social democratic and labour party from northern ireland . 
  woop woop !, 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  languages are n't built . 
  oh yeah , because they actually succeeded at it the last time . 
   bridges ... bridges everywhere !, 
  they actually recreated those bridges in a town in the netherlands . 
  i feel like most of what will be submitted will be ( classic ) rock . 
  so here 's some ( english ) language hip hop from the netherlands : [ joe kickass ] ( http://open.spotify.com/track/5ooaljbxlnp4ovie7ozplh ) . 
  [ pete philly & perquisite ] ( http://open.spotify.com/track/5kvb3rmgvhuqk7ncxpugxx ) . 
  greeks have places they can move to , too . 
  you know , i do n't think germany is alone in that . 
  the netherlands is in the same boat and i imagine several other countries as well . 
  well , what i meant was that he can have the dutch nationality despite being born in latvia . 
  also , maybe he has two dutch parents and is as dutch as they come , but just happens to have been born in latvia . 
  you think the liberal democrats under nick clegg will bring about a new wave of nationalism ? 
  what ? 
  just because he was born in latvia , does n't mean he ca n't be dutch . 
  fiscal , maybe . 
  economic , no . 
  is n't ? 
  i 'd say that 's pretty prevalent . 
  why 's the netherlands and flanders so low ? 
  hey , canada is in nato , too . 
  i think it 'll still be in europe . 
  heh , it is kind of a stereotype that germans get naked all the time . 
  to everyone who 's offended : oh please , he was funny . 
  do n't get your panties in a knot . 
  of course he knows that . 
  how is that relevant or funny , though ? 
   with funds now flowing towards needy states `` as needed '' and without any incentives to reform their moribund markets , just when do you think they 'll be able to compete on an even paying field with rest ? 
  well , you know , i think there were incentives . 
  just we ( as in , the lenders ) did n't actually bother to check if they did the necessary reforms . 
  at least , that 's how i understand it . 
  i think / r/travel is better suited to your question . 
  thousands of people have asked the same there , too , so maybe do a search . 
  and give them more info !, 
  hey , thanks , that is actually both insightful and not written in an overly complicated way !, 
  edit : this may have sounded sarcastic , but i assure you it 's not . 
  and dutch . 
  wilders actually is n't that conservative . 
  his talking points are : ( 1 ) anti-muslim and ( 2 ) whatever else gets votes , whether it 's conservative or progressive . 
  i did n't think i would really notice the effects of the new law in my personal life , at least not for a while , but today two german guys came up to me and asked me if i could buy some weed for them . 
  and i live in eindhoven !, 
  not exactly a tourist destination , especially for germans . 
  i was just going to the ah on my bike ( how stereotypical ) and they came up and asked if i could buy them some weed at the local coffeeshop . 
  we 're not even in the center , this is in tongelre , a residential area . 
  it 's awesome that you have a degree in engineering , because it seems like architecture jobs are hard to come by almost anywhere you go . 
  it 's funny , i was just talking about this with my girlfriend the other day . 
  she 's from croatia . 
  she 's not old enough to remember yugoslavia as an adult ( born in 1981 ) , but she does remember it . 
  she said that in many ways , yugoslavia was n't so bad . 
  for instance , there 's more corruption now and the countries are smaller , which means you ca n't be as effective in areas like international politics . 
  i just asked her what she thought about this . 
  her response :  i wish i had data on this , i swear . 
  the thing is that this is highly politicized and that many peoples feelings about this comes from the history of the family . 
  my grandads were partizans , i.e. 
  not nazis and were fighting in the resistance . 
  my family history was quite yugoslav . 
  i think our identity is yugoslav and i love my other yu brothers and sisters haha . 
  personally i think we should have either stayed together ( and reformed democratically into a federation ) or split up peacefully . 
   i do n't care about nation-states much . 
  many of my friends are equally friendly towards yugoslavia . 
   but also , many people are n't ( people who think ethnicity counts for something etc )  and 80ties yu is much different than 50es yu . 
  in the 50ties it was more iron fist , by the time tito died it was fairly loose ... not even proper autocratic rule . 
  that is why it blew up ...  i feel more yugoslav than croatian although my family is all croatian as much as we know . 
  but i do n't care for it and i am repulsed by what ethnic crap brought to us so am resisting any association with ` croatianhood ' so there you go . 
  what 's up with your random capitalisation ? 
  serious question , by the way , not sarcasm . 
  in spain under franco , owning your own house was super heavily subsidized , so that people would have something to lose and would n't start a revolution . 
  i wonder how that influences the situation today .
