  perhaps it 's just that ns.nl does n't list it anymore ? 
  well , that 's odd . 
  i saw that train at hs last friday , with my own eyes . 
  perhaps it 's just that ns.nl does n't show it anymore . 
  that is incorrect . 
  it still exists . 
  it calls at hs and laan van noi . 
  did n't he arrive at rotterdam centraal ? 
  either would be odd , actually , as the intercity also stops in the hague . 
  i thought this was interesting :  freezing the foreign assets of russian oligarchs is the opposite of smart sanctions . 
  oligarchs sending their profits and their children abroad weaken the russian economy . 
  because a lot of people have been saying we should hit russia where it hurts : by putting sanctions on the oligarchs . 
  perhaps that is not the best idea ? 
   first it would lead to military buildup near our long eastern border and enhanced russian military activity in nordic and baltic sea region . 
  why would sweden joining nato lead to military buildup in russia ? 
   if sweden someday applies for nato membership finland has to apply too asap . 
  why ? 
  yes , you do pay more than you receive , because you are one of the richer countries in the eu . 
  however , you pay much less than , say , germany or the netherlands ( on a per capita basis ) , even though they are comparably rich . 
   and i deeply beliefe , that this is what you will always get in political entities that are that large . 
  because ( we believe ) that 's not the case . 
  my favorite hrvatski words : brk , smrt , ukljucujuci ( not sure of the spelling on this one ) and poklopac . 
  just thought i 'd throw that in there . 
  wow , i do n't know why people would downvote this perfectly valid opinion . 
  i think that 's part of the same problem , though ... ( i know , whoosh ) . 
  [ here you go ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnvwvj6bk44 ) . 
  i think the stereotype is that they * are * frogs , not eat them . 
  i know , but i mean that this was from the washington post site , not the new york times . 
  is n't that the new york times ? 
   i 'm just guessing it 's because the french do n't make expensive cars ... no , it 's because the french used to make cars that would break all the time . 
   people living in the usa often identify themselves more with the state they live in , than the whole federation . 
  maybe to other americans , but when they 're abroad they usually identify as american . 
  i say we get rid of both our royal houses and form an awesome republic !, 
  we could call it de lage landen or something . 
  i do n't think the f22 was ever intended to be sold to other countries , are you perhaps thinking of the f35 ? 
  they look like every other submarine ever to me ... 
  as they said that one time , they did n't know anything else about belgium !, 
  i 'd say if you wanted to play up the stereotype , it would go : problem --  legalize it --  solution . 
  what do you actually want advice on ? 
  also , i think / r/travel may be better suited to your question . 
  i 'm glad it 's not binding , considering the vote was * that * close and turnout that low . 
  i hope you can agree that saying `` the greatest in terms of territory and populations controlled '' is something different from saying `` the greatest '' . 
  also , i wonder if that population thing still holds up if you count it as a percentage of total human population . 
   the british presided over the greatest empire in history wat, 
  but it 's the 2nd most studied * foreign * language . 
  i do n't think irish is a foreign language for ireland . 
  wait , what ? 
  i was always told the compact disc was developed in the natlab in eindhoven . 
  i suppose eindhoven sort of qualifies as well , with its whole `` [ brainport ] ( http://www.brainport.nl/en ) '' thing and high tech campus . 
  why would there be an equivalent ? 
  just what we need , more british people in amsterdam !, 
   the majority of turkish population is n't european and their culture and language and genes is closer to those of the middle easterners . 
  i disagree with this . 
  perhaps turkish people could shed some more light on it , but i think they 're not all that un-european . 
  they 're probably more similar to muslims in the balkans , since they were part of the ottoman empire . 
  by the way , the european part of turkey is n't even that small : 23,764 km2 and home to about 10 million people . 
  that 's bigger than some european countries . 
  if you like this , you 'll also like [ oscity ] ( http://oscity.nl ) . 
  the values of the answers throughout this thing do n't always add up to 100 % , so i suspect that maybe it was n't a choice between two options in the first place . 
  well this is disappointing . 
   the british empire was built on trade by piratical merchants if that 's true , then the dutch empire was the british empire on steroids . 
  not population growth rates !, 
  you guys are ahead of us in quite a few things !, 
  right now , economic recovery is one of them . 
  honestly , i think it 's understandable , but too bad that belgium split from the netherlands . 
  i like to think our two countries combined would be super awesome . 
  possibly even if we only combined with the flemish part . 
  perhaps we should get rid of our royal families and form a new republic of the united netherlands !, 
  perhaps i 'm biased , though , as a person who grew up in limburg and who has to go to belgium quite often . 
  perhaps this will be the largest single network ? 
  i do n't know . 
  you 're probably right . 
  by the way , that map is missing nearly every station in europe , too . 
  just quoting nigel farage , i think . 
  you know , you can do this anywhere in europe . 
  probably anywhere in the world . 
  you do n't need to be able to communicate with all the people in a country on a level where you can have philosophical debates in order to enjoy yourself , or get by . 
  the netherlands : http://www.nisnews.nl/  is news bulletin is the longest-running dutch daily newspaper in english . 
  its history goes back to 1965 when the then state news agency anp started a newsletter in english for the foreign community , called anp news bulletin . 
  in 1997 , netherlands info services bv ( nis ) acquired the publication and continued it under its current name , nis news bulletin . 
   national sm-league hot, 
   i 'm not fond of fries are you sure you 're belgian ? 
  if i 'm correct , i think we export a lot of warships . 
  we tend to sell them after using them . 
  i know greece and argentina are using second hand dutch ships right now . 
   he passed more reforms in that direction than spain recently . 
  is that saying much ? 
  ( genuine question ), 
  that 's really not enough . 
  here in the netherlands , we have some experience with flooding and such . 
  the national government made a plan , called `` ruimte voor de rivier '' ( room for the river ) a while ago , which comprises over 30 different projects . 
  basically , the idea is that instead of strengthening dikes , we create more space for rivers to flow and overflow . 
  here are some of the measures that are being taken : http://www.ruimtevoorderivier.nl/hoe-lossen-we-dit-op/hoe-lossen-we-dit-op/ ( it 's in dutch , but the pictures say a lot ) . 
  lowering the riverbed and adding storm drains and emergency canals are just a few of the many measures we 've had to take . 
  serves us right , does n't it ? 
  see , flanders is just like the netherlands . 
  let 's kick out our royalty and become one country again !, 
  we 'd have a kickass football team . 
  it 's a tool , like any other . 
  it can be very handy for certain things ( for instance asking web developers questions on things they 've created ) .
