  a bit later , in the dutch golden age , there is p.c. 
  hooft ( a playwright ) . 
  his most famous work is called warenar . 
  another famous playwiright from that era is joost van den vondel , but i 'm not sure what his most famous work is . 
  the former has a very upscale shopping street named after him and the latter the main park in amsterdam . 
  then there are these two ladies , betje wolff and aagje deken , who wrote a book called sara burgerhart . 
  i had to read it in high school and remember nothing of it . 
  in the 19th century , the most famous author is probably multatuli , which is a pseudonym of e. douwes dekker . 
  he wrote a very important book about the mistreatment of the people in the dutch east indies . 
  it 's called max havelaar , which is now also the name of a fair trade brand . 
  another famous writer from the 19th century is louis couperus . 
  in the 20th century , which is probably the most relevant , there are a number of important books and writers . 
  some of them include : w.f. 
  another very famous writer who wrote in dutch is willem elsschot , but he 's belgian . 
  in the 21st century , arguably the most famous writer is arnon grunberg , but i ca n't even think of a book he wrote . 
  if i had to say which is the most important book ? 
  probably max havelaar , because it literally changed the way we perceived the people in the east indies . 
  [ jiskefet ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6aoqsj8hjl4 ) was a pretty great dutch show . 
  however , since it 's all in dutch , i doubt any of it would make sense to you . 
  they make fun of germans a lot , though , which might be interesting . 
  i 've never heard of anyone doing it , nor have i done it myself . 
  kind of like antonio di natale in italy . 
  basically , his name is tony christmas . 
  of een twentenaar of een fries ? 
   low crime . 
  bike theft is bad here due to the amount of bikes , but otherwise i 'm not afraid even in the darkest corners of the city . 
  or maybe i 'm just conditioned to the viii . 
  district of budapest , who knows ...  barely any public transport . 
  i never thought i would say this , but i miss the bkv ( fellow hungarians will understand why i never thought that i would say this ) . 
  to be fair , you are comparing a very big city with a much smaller one . 
   the school in question is called plusgymnasiet , and as a resident in gothenburg i 'd say it 's not a very good school . 
  most students there are there only because they could not get into a better school , and i 'd guess most students failed at least one class in elementary school . 
  this all makes getting into a swedish high school sound a bit like getting into an american university . 
  the fries , yes . 
  the mayonnaise , no !, 
  although , you know , in limburg the fries are pretty damn good . 
  alright , fair enough i suppose . 
  you missed necazian 's point . 
  it was n't the eu that declared or waged war . 
  no , everything else is expensive there , too . 
  here , being . . ? 
  thanks !, 
  what does kaufkraftdichte mean ? 
  purchasing power density ? 
  how does that work ? 
  me too , especially seeing how belgium and germany are so red and we practically have the same economies . 
  i do n't think we 're actually much less wealthy than you guys . 
  maybe the cost of living is higher in the netherlands ? 
  really ? 
  which lines and which company ? 
  i think he 's referring to the quota of 120,000 . 
  bit snarky , but you have to love this comment :  `` you all know the impact of the crisis in europe ... 120,000 refugees in the whole of europe shook the world , '' education minister elias bou saab said . 
  do you have a source for this ? 
  i 'm curious !, 
  what 's illegal about applying for asylum ? 
  ah yes , eastern europe , bastion of progressive european values  ( sorry , could n't resist ) . 
   i 'm sure it 's a minority but refugees have already complained that romania is too poor , too cold , ... for them . 
  you ca n't force them to stay against their will , unless you lock them up in camps . 
  imagine the outcry . 
  but you would only grant them asylum/a permit for romania . 
  to go elsewhere they would have to do so illegally . 
  and you can enforce that . 
   also i feel like there 's confusion in eastern europe about what eu priorities are . 
  20 years after collapse of ussr , things have n't gone superbly . 
  economical growth is still lagging behind western countries . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but does n't eastern europe beat western europe in economic growth statistics pretty much every year ? 
  thank you for your reply !, 
  i do n't really have time to respond to all your points ( i should be working ... heh ) , but i 'll try . 
   where is the limit ? 
  if refugees should be accepted on a moral reason , and therefore it 's immoral to reject refugees , then you open yourself up for a limitless amount . 
  are we going to accept every displaced application from syria , yemen , libya and iraq ? 
  what happens when big parts of africa/bangladesh become uninhabitable for global warming ? 
  the eu can always decide to accept or not accept certain populations . 
  accepting refugees from one place does n't necessarily mean you have to accept refugees from another . 
   because there are only a handful of eu nations that can actually afford to house and integrate them properly . 
  ` quotas ' wo n't work because once you give someone papers you ca n't force them to stay in romania for example . 
  which is why , with the quota system , countries with bigger populations and higher gdps would receive more refugees . 
  why could n't you force them to stay in romania ? 
   i 'm not convinced that the majority of them are refugees or from syria . 
  there are also iraqis and eritreans , but in any case the quotas are about people who are granted asylum . 
  those who are from , say , kosovo , will be sent back . 
  thank you for your reply !, 
  i 'll try to respond to some ; in some cases i personally disagree and in some cases i would like to ask for clarification . 
   these people are mostly muslim economical immigrants - they are pretty much granted more rights than the eu citizen , namely they can ( or could ) pass the borders as if they had the shenger rights i do n't think anyone granted them these rights , though . 
  it 's more that countries were unable to enforce otherwise . 
   they demand 2000 euro even though it 's over 4x as much as people in need receive in poland so ... do n't give it to them !, 
   there can be terrorist supporters among them , and there 's not much you can do to prevent them access so deny access to all because there might be some terrorists among them ? 
   islam is not a religion , it 's a sect grown out of proportion , that promotes abuse , misogyny , war and intolerance . 
  so you would accept refugees if they were n't muslims ? 
   the other reason why poland is against accepting the quotas is that we have a lack of social housings  we have polish refugees trying to escape donbas  in poland , we have our own to help so basically you are saying poland should not take in any refugees ( other than polish refugees from ukraine ) at all , right ? 
  is there something going on with these rivers , or are those villages abandoned just because people are moving to bigger cities ? 
  i wish i had a rabbit in a hat, 
  ah okay , thanks . 
  why did you link to a picture of maarten verwey ? 
  i think he or she 's saying nato wants the russians to have a base there . 
  yeah , this is going to be a bad situation in the winter . 
  as far as i could tell , though , the majority were syrian . 
  yep . 
  i did n't really think much about it beforehand , so when i saw it , i did a double take , but then i realized that it makes a lot of sense . 
  you know , with our current level of wealth , looking at the number of refugees taken in by other countries ... probably longer than most people think !,
