  belgium lasted quite a bit longer than the dutch against the germans , though . 
  definitely not . 
  i 'm not sure which is the biggest , to be honest . 
  for gift-giving , sinterklaas . 
  overall ... maybe king 's day or carnaval , depending on where you are . 
  just so you know , all airlines do this all the time . 
  it 's based on statistics , because there 's almost always a few no-shows for each flight . 
  but sometimes you get unlucky and there 's too many people . 
  usually they would politely ask you if you would like to take the next flight , often offering you money , though . 
  there 's also a base at schinnen , which is mostly services ( shops and stuff ) . 
  it 's all in the s/th sounds !, 
  definitely more popular than king 's day in the south . 
  in some places , baseball . 
   sverige_svenska  italian flair  live in london next thing you 're gon na tell me that you 're actually estonian !, 
  yeah , due to deregulation . 
  they 're allowed to not only build social housing . 
  so they stopped doing that almost entirely , because it 's more profitable . 
  really ? 
  i was n't aware of this . 
  i rent a place that 's $ 800 per month and we definitely do n't make $ 3000 ( yet ) . 
  in case anyone is curious : yes , it is indeed a terrible situation . 
  there is practically no regular rental housing market . 
  people either live in social housing , and if they make more money , they usually buy a house . 
  so there is a gap . 
  one of the reasons is that when you apply for social housing , they check to see if your income qualifies you . 
  but if you then start making more money , you ca n't be kicked out of your house . 
  so a lot of people in social housing are actually making ` too much ' money . 
  and a lot of those people do n't make enough to buy a house , or ca n't get a mortgage for whatever reason . 
  with the waitlists being what they are , and there being a very small free sector rental market , they 're stuck . 
  edit : also , refugees do n't really impact this situation , so this is mostly a symbolic gesture . 
  as per / u/jonestown _ aloha below :  the impact that the syrians refugees have on our waiting time is only 0.77 % , which means that twice the amount of asylum seekers would only constitute a 1.5 % rise in waiting time . 
  no , they 're clownish , too . 
  just does n't make you any less clownish . 
  20,000 over five years . 
  so basically , in comparison to the quota system , almost none . 
  though in the centers of the larger towns things are open every sunday , and most grocery stores and hardware stores are also open every sunday . 
  on the upside , your french and/or dutch has surely gotten better , no ? 
  apparently scandinavians do n't trust anyone . 
  edit : oops , my bad , the other way around . 
   merkel is a cultural liberal , basically , but she is an economic right-winger . 
  really ? 
  is n't she fairly centrist for both ? 
  i mean , no gay marriage in germany under merkel , for instance . 
  your point about left/right being different things when it comes to social and economic issues is valid . 
  however , pvv is a one-issue party . 
  whatever else geert wilders says is just to get votes and attention . 
  when he was in the coalition in 2010-2012 he broke many of his campaign promises on economic issues . 
  so i do n't think that it 's fair to call the pvv left-wing economically , or call them anything except a one-issue party . 
  ub40 is british . 
  and judging by the number of views , ** very few ** people have heard of it . 
  je bent harstikke dood , jochie . 
  that 's more or less what happened when he was a * gedoogpartner * in the coalition . 
  to be honest this mainly says to me that there are way too many municipalities in spain !, 
  that independent one is gorgeous !, 
   it is like this all over the world as far as i understand . 
  a lot of governments do n't control the media . 
  whether it 's the left or the right that is elected in the netherlands , they would n't fire people at the public broadcasters or anything like that . 
  so no , it 's not like that all over the world . 
   rather strange to single out the netherlands it 's dutchnews.nl , so they 're trying to get clicks from people in the netherlands . 
  turns out no explosives were found at his residence , it was shoarma seasoning . 
  probably , yeah , although i think they started that in 2012 . 
  to be fair unilever seems to be [ making an effort ] ( http://www.behindthebrands.org/en-us/scorecard ) . 
  they phased out microplastics , for instance . 
  they could exclude gl , but they would need two parties to do so , or go with sp or pvda . 
   constantly cutting down the green areas in the city and replacing them with residential buildings to be fair , the effect of green areas on clean air is not so great -- in fact it may even be detrimental . 
  a tree does n't come close to producing clean air in the amounts that cars pollute . 
  furthermore , if there are a lot of green areas in a city , that means the population is more spread out , which -- if there is no good public transport -- will result in more car kilometers travelled . 
   i suspect this is not quite legal it 's perfectly legal . 
  did n't you guys live together peacefully for like 90 years before that , though ? 
  the brightly colored pants make him look dutch !, 
   we do n't deport them either yes we do . 
  or at least , we try to . 
  the problem is when those countries do n't cooperate . 
  in any case , 60 % of them are deported ( in 2015 ) . 
  that 's actually quite low , the number used to be 70 % ( 2013 ) . 
   there is zero talk of corruption ( because there is not any ) what sources have you been reading/watching ? 
  there is a lot of talk of corruption . 
  i would n't classify them as an expat-turkish party , they seem to be more a kind of reverse-pvv ( wilders ) . 
  nice . 
  there is a place near my work that does this . 
  they used to be called brownies and downies , but they changed it to upside caf\u00e9 . 
  some sources are more credible than others . 
  and fox news does not rank highly , if you ask me . 
  fox news , though . 
  not exactly a credible source . 
  fun fact : no one can understand the kerkrade dialect of limburgish . 
  i 'm from a town close to kerkrade ( ~ 25km ) and even i ca n't understand them . 
  more fun facts : there is a place called ch\u00e8vremont in kerkrade , and a place called geilenkirchen just nearby . 
  does anyone know why the greens are against ? 
   we like to tell it how it is ja maar iemand vertellen dat een miskraam haar schuld is , is niet hollandse directheid . 
  correctly seems to depend on your point of view . 
  non-dutch people seem to dislike our medical system a lot . 
  the usual criticism is that even if your arm has been chopped off , the doctor will tell you it 's nothing and send you home with two paracetamols . 
  but germany is shrinking while the netherlands is growing in population . 
  to be fair , what possible sentence could you give out for genocide ? 
  life imprisonment or even the death penalty seems light by comparison . 
  also , you can never hope to convict a large fraction all of those who perpetrated the genocide . 
  for these two reasons , i would say the tribunal is not about justice . 
  it 's about accountability . 
  that 's a really dumb thing to say .
