  [ 10 ] [ 11 ]  according to french police records , ** he became involved in criminal activities , which led to arrest warrants being issued for robbery and extortion ** ; it has been reported that he served at least one two-year prison sentence , though this has been denied by his attorneys . 
  [ 12 ] dominique erulin claims the accusations were a political ploy made up by the left-wing factions allied with president fran\u00e7ois mitterrand . 
  [ 8 ] towards the end of the decade he moved to south america , where he provided training to a number of right-wing paramilitary organizations , notably in argentina and guatemala . 
  he met his future wife , ximena dalel , in colombia and had a daughter ; they later divorced . 
   arrested during a travel to france ( paris ) , ** he was sentenced in 1986 to five years of prison by paris ' cour d'assise . 
  [ 13 ] he was freed the next year , `` in circumstances showing that he was benefiting from very particular protections '' . 
  ** [ 10 ] however , gotovina 's lawyers have submitted a brief to the international war crimes tribunal alleging that gotovina was in fact framed by a criminal police group loyal to francois mitterrand , a group which was convicted for official misconduct by french courts in 2005 . 
  [ 14 ] yeah . . real great guy that ante . 
  this is terrible . 
  the icty just now cemented the perceptions in serbia that the tribunal has always been anti-serb and they are the only ones being prosecuted . 
  it also solidifies the perception ( in croatia ) that croatia was clean and did n't do anything bad . 
  nationalists will love this , but really it 's a terrible decision . 
  no , just because it has incognito mode , does n't mean it 's chrome . 
  the s3 has the ` regular ' browser . 
  chrome is only the default on the new nexuses . 
  what 's up with you putting a period after an exclamation mark ? 
  of course , the arab world is your back yard to manage and tell what to do . 
  why should the uk get a rebate and not germany , the netherlands , or scandinavian countries ? 
  that does n't seem fair at all . 
  it seems to me that your arguments are based on what should happen , but his or hers were based on what probably would happen . 
   they do spend a significant amount of cash , even if only on cannabis and alcohol . 
  as for the cannabis part , if i remember correctly , it 's untaxed . 
  so that money goes to owners of coffeeshops and does n't really benefit me or most dutch people . 
  so i would n't mind losing them . 
  that tiny bit is bigger than luxembourg and is practically as big as slovenia or macedonia . 
  i think another main reason is to protect the little guys , like the butcher on the corner , who ca n't afford to hire people to work 24/7 . 
  why do they have to wait up to 8 hours though ? 
  surely border control could be a * lot * more efficient . 
  i like how you put ukraine and slovenia ( just to name two ) in the same category . 
  seems typical of us western europeans to think all ex-communist countries are the same . 
  slovenia is in the eu and uses the euro for frick 's sake !, 
  oh yeah i did n't say that no-one learns anything . 
  erasmus is great and all , but from what i hear it does n't exactly contribute much to people 's educations , since erasmus students often get passing grades for work that should have gotten them a fail . 
  or is that just me ? 
  yeah but come on , we all know that 's not the case . 
   the cafes are closing because of the wiet-pas which was only introduced this year . 
  so the article was correct , because it 's talking about the period since 1999 . 
  because the government would make them . 
  right now , the dutch government ca n't really make the port of antwerp do anything and the belgian government has no authority over the port of rotterdam . 
   politically , does amsterdam become the capital of flanders ? 
  or the hague ? 
  will the flemish feel comfortable being governed from this new city ? 
  on other government levels we also do things differently . 
  we have elected mayors in belgium , the dutch mayors are appointed . 
  i think eindhoven is the only sensible choice here . 
  actually , maybe baarle-nassau/baarle-hertog would be a good candidate . 
  hehe . 
  you do n't think that if there were a lot more of these smaller countries , eu integration would be much more important ? 
  for instance , since they themselves would have very small markets , they would have a bigger need for an open eu market . 
  i wish we would . 
  we 're not that different and i think we would have a lot to gain from each other . 
  * antwerp and rotterdam could collaborate more instead of compete * we could unify our rail systems and integrate better ( there are only 2 border crossings now and that 's very annoying , especially if you live in eindhoven and have to go to the brussels area a lot ) * we could have a much bigger football league and maybe hope to win something in club football again * we would be an economic powerhouse ( because let 's face it , flanders is the money making part of belgium ) * we could teach the belgians a thing or two about urban design ( sorry belgians , your urban design is practically non-existent ) * we would n't have dumb issues like the hedwigepolder ( sorry belgians , i think the dutch are screwing you over ) * the soft g might even be a majority ( although this would just be personal preference ) these are just some of the things from the top of my head , but the list goes on and on !, 
  it 'll probably never happen , due to various reasons , but i think it would be really cool . 
  edit : also finally , a unified limburg !, 
  although maybe both limburgs should just secede and form our own country !, 
  why should there be a financial transaction tax , could anyone explain this to me ? 
   for the record , all eu countries have much more open immigration than usa or canada , let alone japan or s-korea is that true ? 
  i do n't think that 's true at all . 
  am missing some small ones around me , though , but that 's to be expected . 
  also , alfa , brand and gulpener are in the wrong location . 
  ( they 're dutch ! ), 
  and haren was left with the fried pears . 
  ugh , dutch people . 
  ( if there 's two things i hate . . 
  etc. ), 
  aha , i 'd already edited my comment , but i see what you mean now . 
  i do n't disagree with that , i think the us does have a mindset of being at war ; whereas european countries do n't . 
  wait , what ? 
  how is that related to my comment ? 
  also , i do n't agree with you , but that almost seems beside the point . 
  also , by the way , i hope you 're not insinuating that people are vehemently anti-troop in europe , because that 's not the case . 
  we 're just not as pro-troops as you guys are . 
  edit : okay , i guess the main reason i disagree with you is because plenty of europeans know what it 's like to be at war . 
  there have been actual wars in europe recently ( yugoslavia breakup wars , for instance ) , plus , plenty of european soldiers were in iraq and afghanistan ( and still are ! ) . 
  i think you were trying to say that this troop-worshipping in the us is something that 's grown organically -- which may be true to an extent -- but that has n't happened in europe , even though we have the conditions for it as well . 
  i think it 's much more likely that all this worshipping of the military and its members is something that 's deliberately been cultivated , especially during the bush years . 
  by whom , i 'm not sure . 
  perhaps the republican party , perhaps the administration at that time , perhaps the military itself , perhaps even private companies like halliburton or blackwater . 
  i do n't know , but i do believe it 's been deliberately cultivated . 
   it 's a dying practice . 
  ever since the vietnam war , soldiers and the idea of these `` majestic heros '' have become a fading dream for the american traditionalist . 
  it 's a dead practice that 's been ressurected . 
  it was dead after vietnam , but since 9/11 it 's fully alive again . 
  i 'm sure you know this , but it 's just not as profitable for a company like amazon to open up in a country the size of denmark , at least not after they 've already set up shop in countries that are bigger markets . 
  they probably have to negotiate laws and all kinds of licensing deals in each country . 
  would n't it be nice if we truly had a single market ? 
  yep , limburg . 
  i have to say though , maybe we should just create a unified limburg and forever get rid of all the jokes from hollanders and belgians alike , 
   and let 's be serious : why leave a country where we 're the majority , to join one where we 're a minority that makes sense , but man , i feel like belgians and dutch people are so much alike !, 
  maybe because i grew up very close to the belgian border in a province that exists in both countries , but still . 
  not that whoever wins a constituency means anything , but cool nonetheless . 
  even fewer restrictions ? 
  is n't that what got us into the crisis to begin with ? 
  ( okay , maybe not restrictions so much as regulation/oversight , but still . ), 
   but nothing beats the expansion in ww2 , i guess . 
  i just do n't get how people back then managed to build rocket technology that was 10 years ahead of everyone else , even came close to finishing the first stealth bomber etc ... and on the other hand they thought `` yes , let 's just keep spreading all over the place , we sure can manage and keep all that territory and even start a fight with the god damn russians now '' . 
  maybe that 's exactly why they thought that . 
  yeah but home does n't have to be a country . 
  home can be a city , province , or europe . 
  for instance , one of my friends has a dutch dad , french mom , used to live in germany and went to school in belgium .
