  no black africans were prosecuted at the icty . 
  whereas over a hundred former yugoslavs were . 
   the dutch were n't even allowed to carry at equipment on them . 
  that 's not true , they had anti tank rpgs . 
  i 'm not a lawyer , but i do n't think that 's true . 
  he is currently imprisoned . 
  he has n't been convicted yet , though . 
   the balkans seems to have something in the water that makes people do terrible things . 
  that 's bullshit , people from all over the world do terrible things , and there are plenty of people from the balkans who do beautiful things . 
  believing people from certain places are less civilized is backwards 19th century thinking . 
  yes , i agree . 
  and all of those things are besides the point , which was just to say that the discussion was about whether things would be better outside of the eu or worse . 
  that depends on all kinds of factors , which you have just outlined . 
  the discussion was never about whether the uk would do well at all , outside of the eu . 
  we all know you 'll be fine . 
   ` better ' is a value laden statement , of little use unless we can define by what values we believe we should include in the calculation . 
  yes , and ? 
  so is good . 
  the point was that it was n't about whether the uk would do well outside of the eu ( i.e. 
  good ) , but if it would do better outside of it . 
   if the uk is n't a country well-placed to chart its own course in the world then i do n't know what country is . 
  i do n't think the question was ever if the uk would do alright on its own . 
  the question was whether it 's better in the eu or out of it . 
  this includes a similar isds clause as the ceta deal . 
  do you have sources for this ? 
  would like to read more . 
  is this from the yellow fortress ? 
  next to that funicular is a great little restaurant called vallis aurea . 
  also check out this burger place called submarine . 
  and the potato house !, 
  ( kuca krumpir or something like that . ), 
  it is a common thing that is said in our field , yes . 
  but there does not seem to be any data that actually backs up this claim . 
  in fact , when analyzing construction methods , i 've found more data that supports the opposite . 
   its not only an aesthetics thing , but primarily money related . 
  those older building have a lot more complicated detailing , that need to be custom made by craftsman . 
  modern buildings are usually more build with a lot of repetition in the detailing , which allows for mass production of components . 
  i 've been trying to verify this claim for weeks , maybe even months , but so far i 've been unable to . 
  do you have any sources that back this up ? 
  this should answer some of your questions : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/housing_cooperative#the_netherlands the $ 710 is much less if you have a lower income , because you can get a subsidy from the government . 
  $ 710 per month or less ( that 's just rent , bills are separate ) . 
  if you live in social housing you can get rent subsidies that will allow you to effectively pay much less . 
  depends on your income ( and possibly other factors ) . 
  just renting . 
  there are long waiting lists . 
  social housing corporations ( they 're not allowed to make a profit ) . 
  can be anything from commie blocks to buildings that are quite nice , but in general they 're not the best looking buildings . 
  it 's not so much looked down upon , i think . 
  but it does have a ` stigma ' in the sense that if you want to get ahead financially , you get out of social housing and buy property . 
  [ some pictures ] ( https://www.google.nl/search?q=sociale+woningbouw&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewirns24hujtahulpfakhssda7eq_auicigb&amp;biw=1828&amp;bih=1169#imgrc=m_h5g140ya9ccm: ), 
  i did n't suggest that they should , either . 
  just that if they do , i think it could be good for the eu . 
  you know , i never actually said that flanders wants to split from belgium . 
   the crimes committed by soldiers in the operation are the fault of the soldiers who committed them , not their commanding officers . 
  this `` command responsibility '' was one of the core issues here , and it was rejected . 
  we disagree there , if they commanded them to commit those crimes , then it is also the fault of their commanding officers . 
  it may have been rejected by the court , but come on , how could they not be responsible if they ordered them to commit crimes ? 
   in other words , you simply disagree with the ruling for some nebulous reason . 
  c\u2019mon now , do n't put words in my mouth . 
   ok , none of that tells me much about what exactly you ( or your g/f ) believe these guys should be charged over . 
  aiding and abetting what specific war crimes ? 
  well , as i 've said before i 'm not really knowledgeable enough on the topic . 
  but basically , crimes committed by soldiers in the operation . 
   the generals were accused of being part of a criminal conspiracy to expel serbs . 
  these charges included the accusation that they deliberately targeted civilians , and this was proven to be false . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with you , but keep in mind that it was only 3 - 2 , not exactly a landslide or anything . 
   care to explain why ? 
  well , tl ; dr : my girlfriend is very knowledgeable on the subject and from what i gather they were n't exactly clean . 
   what things ? 
  and why ? 
  for instance aiding and abbeting ( war ) crimes . 
   they just did that . 
  no , they ** only ** gave a verdict on whether there was a joint criminal enterprise . 
   i do n't think it 's going to destabilize the region . 
  in fact , i think just the opposite . 
  it sends a clear message that there 's nothing wrong with defending and liberating your country . 
  the problem is that i think people are going to see these two guys as heroes who did nothing bad , when in reality i 'm not so sure that 's the case . 
   wait-a-second , you just said `` i do n't have enough knowledge to say anything about whether they were actually guilty or not , '' but in the next breath you 're hoping they 're going to be charged for something you admittedly do n't know anything about ? 
  \u0ca0_\u0ca0 i did n't really mean it like that , but i do kind of wish they would be charged for those things . 
  that means the court of justice would look at them and a whole bunch of people more qualified than myself would hand out a verdict on it . 
  i do n't think that would be so bad . 
  you make some good points that i actually agree with . 
  my comment , however , was about the effects of the decision , not so much the decision itself . 
  i do n't have enough knowledge to say anything about whether they were actually guilty or not , that is up to the judges . 
  they did acquit them of being in a joint criminal enterprise , since that was all they were charged with . 
  so you are right . 
   that 's a totally separate issue and those war crimes should be prosecuted to the full extent of the law . 
  too bad gotovina and markac ca n't be tried again on war crimes charges or something like that for the same operation . 
  ( also i edited my post to reflect better what i was trying to say , at first i did say the decision itself was bad . ), 
   the western press decided that they needed ` goodies and baddies ' to make the war understandable to their audiences and so they created a narrative of the good croats defending against the evil , fascist serbs . 
  i really do not think it was reported like that in the netherlands . 
  then again , i was very young at that time . 
  but in any case , i think the real issue here is that this is how it was reported in croatia . 
  then again , you have to admit , most and the worst of the atrocities were committed by bosnian serbs , right ? 
  as i said in the other thread : this is terrible . 
  the icty just now cemented the perceptions in serbia that the tribunal has always been anti-serb and they are the only ones being prosecuted . 
  it also solidifies the perception ( in croatia ) that croatia was clean and did n't do anything bad . 
  croatian nationalists will love this , but the decision will have a terrible effect . 
   he subsequently worked for a variety of french private security companies during the 1980s , among them ko international company , a filial of vhp security , known as a cover for the service d'action civique ( sac ) , and was at this time responsible for the security of far-right politician jean-marie le pen . 
  [ 10 ] [ 11 ] in 1981 , together with dominique erulin , ** he helped editor jean-pierre mouchard ( a close friend of jean-marie le pen ) organize a commando to free his press in la seyne-sur-mer ** , occupied by cgt trade-union strikers .
