  i should add that , this morning , there were a lot more people and a lot more tents . 
  i took some pictures , but then i noticed i forgot to put an sd card in my camera ... sorry !, 
  anyway , the situation is kind of crazy . 
  it 's not what i expected when i heard there were refugees . 
  first of all , most of them stay only one or two days at most . 
  secondly , they may not have a lot of food or clothes , but a lot of them do have smartphones . 
  also , many come by bus -- they have money for bus tickets . 
  a fact that is often exploited by local businesspeople , in some cases asking them $ 5 to charge their phones . 
  most seem to be from syria , but we also talked to some people from afghanistan , iran , and saw some people who were most likely from nigeria . 
  the most heartening thing , though , is that a lot of locals try to help them out , organizing ad hoc soup kitchens , handing out flyers with information , playing with kids , etc. 
  the local authorities seem to kind of turn a blind eye to it , several times i saw policemen in the parks , but it did n't look like they cared about the situation either way ( as long as there were no fights or anything like that ) . 
  the government has put up 8 portapotties and a water truck , but that 's about as far as their involvement goes . 
  however , there 's also a place where people bring clothes and refugees can come get them ( in my second to last picture ) . 
  because that 's a slippery slope argument . 
   actually , syrian ( and also afghani ) refugees have a good chance to get asylum in europe at the moment . 
  oh , great !, 
   however there are many migrants from other countries who use the same routes to find a way into europe . 
  often with the help of illegal human traffickers . 
  and many of them are purely economic migrants , who when caught request asylum to prevent arrest and immediate deportation . 
  for example , asylum seekers from kosovo and albania are the 2nd and 3rd largest group who go to germany and have almost no chance to get a permission to stay . 
  its a huge mess , especially as many of these syrian and afghani asylum seekers not just want asylum in the first safe country , but they want asylum in the `` right country '' , where they expect to have better economic opportunities for themselves and their families . 
  and asylum seekers , who already are in a safe country and could get asylum there , pay a lot of money to human traffickers to get them to their desired destinations . 
  its no wonder that people start thinking of them as purely economic migrants as well . 
  excellent points , thanks . 
   and what would these 20 million people do ? 
  where would they live ? 
  what would they eat ? 
  who would employ them ? 
  who would educate them ? 
  who would take care of their health ? 
  obviously , i 'm not saying there 's no cost . 
  just seems like the cost would n't be * that * high because the number of refugees is n't astronomic . 
  i would be happy to be corrected , though . 
  that makes sense . 
  however , would n't it be easy for a government to say or a court to rule that the syrian situation is different ? 
   we could , but why would we ? 
  because it would be a really good thing to do at not that high of a cost . 
  that 'd be my argument , anyway . 
   this `` open door '' policy would mean that we 'll take in whoever wants to move here . 
  why would accepting syrian refugees mean we would also have to accept everyone from , say , canada or zimbabwe ? 
  i do n't really follow that logic . 
   if we accept all syrians we should also accept all others in similar situations . 
  why is that , though ? 
  for instance , sweden has said they would accept all syrian asylum seekers . 
  why have n't they said they would accept all iraqi asylum seekers ? 
   first you have to deposit a shitload of money  i would travel to london every 2 weeks soo ... you 're very rich ? 
  where i 'm from we have a love/love relationship with belgium , though ... 
  how is it a duplicate , though , because i do n't see it when i click on ` other discussions ' ? 
  also : restarted relations with cuba . 
  solution : let the netherlands join !, 
  come on mark , annex slovenia , we would finally have some mountains !, 
  holy crap , how many municipalities are there ? 
  amazon is in the netherlands , now too , by the way . 
  [ the banner for the dutch circlejerk ] ( https://b.thumbs.redditmedia.com/avm_ytrb7lo63f7ye2bf87i6dnmgko4mx3d-w6ebqeq.png ) , / r/cirkeltrek, 
   i can be a p.i. 
  and have a gun permit for 20 years but when i quit the job or close down my business i lose my gun permit ( as it was tied with my job ) how is that weird ? 
  that makes perfect sense to me . 
   please , please someone explain it to me , who is for letting anyone in who comes from a poor country on the basis of humanitarian reasons . 
  they 're not . 
  that 's a straw man argument . 
  asylum is granted to * `` a person who owing to a well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion , is outside the country of his nationality and is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to avail himself of the protection of that country ; or who , not having a nationality and being outside the country of his former habitual residence as a result of such events , is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to return to it . 
  '' * as per the geneva convention . 
  you saw in the article that * `` less than 30 percent of asylum applicants from nigeria or mali , for example , can expect to have their asylum applications approved in the eu . 
  '' * no one , including the guardian or der spiegel is advocating for letting just anyone who is poor into europe . 
  they did , in srebrenica . 
  they did n't think the evidence of it was enough in other places . 
  actually , in this case , reddit is pretty close to real life . 
  facebook and twitter are full of people saying the same thing . 
  there 's a reason people like geert wilders are currently doing so well in polls . 
  europe has taken a pretty big right turn . 
  he equates immigration with terrorism . 
  whether that 's true is another thing , but it is xenophobic . 
   nobody wants to admit there is connection between the religion and the acts . 
  are we on different subreddits ? 
  because that 's all i see anyone talking about here . 
  it 's not really live , no . 
  but its speed is updated very often . 
  i think we eventually may catch up , considering the population of nrw is [ declining ] ( https://www.dropbox.com/s/pob6e386b902fv3/screenshot%202016-03-21%2013.22.59.png?dl=0 ) . 
  that 's only in three provinces . 
  so not before 2030 . 
  from the dutchnews.nl article :  the data also shows population growth is slowing : the 16 million mark was reached in 2001 , while the 15 millionth person arrived in 1990 . 
  the cbs estimates the population will hit 18 million in 2035 . 
  according to the dutch central bureau of statistics ( cbs ) , there are 17 million people who live in the netherlands as of this morning . 
  check out the [ tracker ] ( http://www.cbs.nl/nl-nl/menu/themas/bevolking/cijfers/extra/bevolkingsteller.htm ) here . 
  also , the 17th million resident is [ likely to be an immigrant ] ( http://www.dutchnews.nl/news/archives/2016/03/dutch-population-to-hit-17-million/ ) . 
  no , no , let them stay in amsterdam . 
  there is nothing going on in the rest of the country !, 
  can confirm , grew up in limburg and no one ever used ` poepen ' for sex . 
  lobbying does n't have to mean it 's done by companies , by the way . 
  there are plenty of special interest groups that represent voices that otherwise would not be heard . 
  would you like linking to it ? 
  that kind of traffic is confined to shipping lanes . 
  we would n't put windmills in shipping lanes , for obvious reasons . 
   the whole country is already full of wind mills . 
  no it is n't . 
  there are plenty of places where we could put them . 
  even for this there are nimbys who say it would ruin the view . 
  in the netherlands : nimbyism . 
  a lot of people simply do n't want them near their homes , and the netherlands is very densely populated . 
  just fyi , your dutch one says `` merry christmas and a happy new year . '',
