  i 'll try to explain the situation : the carabinieri are the military police of italy , policing both military and civilian populations , and it 's one of italy 's four armed forces ( the others being the army , the navy , and the air force ) . 
  the polizia di stato ( state police ) , instead , is a civilian police force . 
  both carabinieri and polizia always carry guns , they both have elite force teams , swat teams , anti-riot teams , forensic science experts , helicopters , anti-terrorism units , etc. 
  they essentially have the same duties and deal with the same crimes . 
  the carabinieri , unlike the police , are often deployed abroad ( kosovo , iraq , afghanistan ) , mostly for training local police forces , but they were also involved in combat . 
  in practice , there 's little difference between them , although the carabinieri are more present in rural areas . 
  i read that the real reason why italy has both carabinieri and polizia is to make a coup more difficult , because you 'd need to take control of both police forces to control the country . 
  being military , the carabinieri have a reputation for being a little tougher to deal with , and somehow rigid . 
  but in popular opinion they 're also dumb and they 're the butt of thousands of jokes ( the equivalent of `` blonde jokes '' in the english language ) . 
  you 're right , it 's not the same as a castle doctrine . 
  however , it only applies to your home or workplace , the gun must be legal ( i.e. 
  registered ) , and there must be immediate danger to life or property . 
  you do n't have to retreat from your home , but the attacker should not desist , i.e. 
  you ca n't shoot an intruder who is fleeing . 
  in some cases , however , people who shot intruders in the back were acquitted . 
  in other cases , the intruder survived and sued the homeowner !, 
  before 2006 the law stated that the defense had to be proportionate to the offense , i.e. 
  you could n't generally shoot an intruder armed with a bat . 
  but there was an uproar because of the many convictions of victims of violent crimes who attempted to defend themselves , and this led to the change in the law , not without controversies . 
  the law was essentially copied from the us `` castle doctrine '' . 
  courts tend to apply it strictly , but it has the important effect of recognizing self defense as a valid reason for keeping a gun at home , a rare instance in europe . 
  and yes , there 's generally little knowledge about italy on r/europe . 
  i share your position . 
  most europeans prefer not to own a gun , and i respect that . 
  i prefer to own guns and i highly value my right to self-defense , but i do n't get much respect for this . 
  this wo n't make me dispose of my firearms , though . 
   if you want to burglar a house in europe , you know that even if the owner had a gun , it would be legally required to be kept in a gun safe and that you being there would not be accepted as a reason for lethal self defense either way . 
  violent armed home invasions are a problem in italy , and criminals are definitely armed . 
  because of this issue , italy introduced a self-defense law in 2006 that allows home owners to shoot intruders . 
  monti was an awful communicator and was depicted as a bloodsucking vampire by the right-wing press . 
  he had great ambitions , but fared horribly at the 2013 elections . 
  it 's not the first time we hear bombastic promises coming from an italian politician : berlusconi had a similar style in communication , aiming to speak a language ordinary people could relate to , a clear break from the obscure and unintelligible language of other politicians . 
  renzi 's promises are an improvement over the two previous prime ministers ( monti and letta ) , who did n't even try to please the electors . 
  i do n't know whether he 'll deliver or not , but i 'll give him the benefit of the doubt . 
  please consider that many immigrants get rid of their id before coming to italy , so it 's sometimes difficult to identify them and determine where they are from . 
  we have agreements with some north african countries for sending back their citizens , but the situation in libya , for example , makes it difficult to enforce them . 
  when gaddafi was in power in libya he kept immigrants ( from other african countries ) in detention centers there , in horrible conditions , and released them whenever he wanted to get something in exchange from italy . 
  finally , i do n't understand what military spending has to do with immigration , unless you 're thinking of sinking their boats , which is politically and humanly unacceptable . 
  sending them back is what the law says , actually . 
  but enforcing it is n't easy , because in most cases the immigrants are just handed a slip saying , for example , `` you are supposed to leave within 30 days '' , and then they disappear . 
  in other cases there are no countries willing to take them back . 
  how many languages do you speak ? 
  i wonder if you realize how difficult it is achieving fluency in a foreign language . 
  abysmal conditions in detention centers are meant to discourage immigrants , but clearly this policy is n't working very well . 
  but i suspect that closing them would be a political suicide , so i doubt that the government will really do something about it . 
  stop regulating my life . 
  it 's not the first time i hear this on reddit , always referred to italy . 
  some people seem to think that italy , italians and their language just appeared out of thin air on march 17th , 1861 . 
  does your logic only apply to italy , or to other countries as well ? 
  has modern greece legitimate claims over the parthenon ? 
  after all , it was built when athens was a city-state . 
  was goethe a german ? 
  after all , germany did n't exist when he wrote his works . 
  was n't it on the 25th ? 
  there are huge logistical problems . 
  in my area , served by russian gas , people have opposed for years a project of building an off-shore regasification facility that would allow to receive gas supplies by ship . 
  changing an energy strategy can take years . 
  how do you exactly plan of replacing 17.7 % of all gas imports ? 
  does it seem like a low percentage to you ? 
  italy imports plenty of gas from russia , via a pipeline that enters italy from the austrian border . 
  the article is n't new ( oct. 2013 ) , but i think it may be relevant to the current discussions on / r/europe . 
  for germany and italy , the presence of us military bases is a consequence of the peace treaties signed at the end of wwii . 
  actually , they stopped when the nato bombings on the balkans started , and they never resumed ( because of 9/11 , iraq , etc. ) . 
  there were planes from different nato countries in the shows , not just american , and i once even saw a russian attack chopper . 
  personally , yes . 
  also , i 'd be grateful if they reinstated the aviano usaf annual air show , as they used to do back in the '90s . 
  great times . 
  they think it sounds modern and hip . 
  it 's just ridiculous . 
  do you mean military hardware used in law enforcement ? 
  not common , if you do n't consider the armed soldiers sometimes patrolling the streets in selected cities . 
  but i grew up near an army ( actually , carabinieri ) base , and the noise of the tank engines woke me up on sundays morning . 
  also , when they got out of their barracks we kids ran to enjoy the show of dozens of tanks in column heading to the countryside for training , destroying the sidewalks in the process . 
  i also saw tanks and mg nests placed in several locations around my town during the short slovenian war of independence in 1991 , when there was the fear that the warfare could spill into italian territory . 
  are they just banning flavored cigarettes , or flavored tobacco altogether ? 
  i do n't think we get british tv here , with the exception of downtown abbey . 
  we learn english from your movies and tv shows . 
  we all feel great , and those who deny it do n't understand the beauty and the elegance of italy 's constitution . 
  italian politicians do n't concern themselves with such small details . 
  i wish i knew . 
  some of the handguns and rifles shown in the videos ( i could n't tell by these photos ) looked and sounded very real . 
  i did n't realize i live in a rural area . 
  indeed this is the 65th government . 
  since wwii , only berlusconi managed to last for a full five-year term . 
  back to suitcases full of cash , i guess . 
  i confess i did n't know the volga boatmen . 
  it 's powerful , the more i look at it , the more i like it . 
  i 'm using chrome and i had no problems with the images . 
  monna lisa del giocondo was the lady 's full name , that 's where the title of leonardo ' painting comes from . 
  the monna lisa is the louvre 's best known painting , but this does n't make it french art : it 's been painted in italy by an italian painter and it depicts an italian lady in front of an italian landscape . 
  by this logic , degas ' * [ the dance lesson ] ( http://ericwedwards.files.wordpress.com/2013/08/edgar_germain_hilaire_degas_021.jpg ) * must be the epitome of american art , since it sits in new york 's metropolitan museum . 
  there are plenty of famous italian paintings , and i personally love the birth of venus , but if you have to go with the * most popular * , la gioconda wins . 
  great choices . 
  i have one of anker 's painting ( a copy of course ! ), 
  hanging in my living room , i love the skagen school . 
  why not ? 
  albrecht d\u00fcrer 's [ self portrait ] ( http://cdn8.openculture.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/albrecht_durer_self-portrait_age_28_.jpg ) is mesmerizing when seen from life ( alte pinakothek , m\u00fcnchen ) . 
  second place : d\u00fcrer 's [ the knight , death , and the devil ] ( http://melbourneprints.files.wordpress.com/2010/11/1988_2014-durer-kdd.jpg ) . 
  third place : anything else by d\u00fcrer . 
  ( did i mention i love d\u00fcrer ? ),
