  you must realize that the british empire covered many territories and provinces outside great britain ... / s, 
  itt : the roman empire had nothing to do with rome . 
  and it was called `` roman '' because ... ? 
  maybe because rome is in italy ? 
  same in italy . 
  there are old people who only speak dialect . 
  or in the mountains . 
  i married when i was 27 . 
  outside reddit ? 
  really ? 
  the vast majority of italians spend their entire life without uttering a single word of english , with the exception of loan words that have become part of our language , such as sport , film , garage , web , etc. 
  it 's amusing that so many english speakers find it so hard to grasp that there are non-english speaking countries out there . 
  in italy you would pay $ 38.600 of income tax , with an average tax rate of 38.6 % and a marginal tax rate on your earnings exceeding $ 75,000 of 43 % . 
  it includes `` federal '' , `` state '' and `` county '' taxes , so the amount can change a little depending on where in italy you live . 
  if you have medical expenses , life insurance expenses , house renovation expenses , education expenses , pension plan payments , or if you are paying a mortgage on your home , you get tax deductions . 
  the same if you have kids , or if your spouse does n't work . 
  you still have other taxes to pay ( vat on your purchases , property tax if you have more than one house ... , but i assumed you were only interested in income tax ) . 
  edit : i misread 110,000 instead of 100,000 , so i changed the calculations accordingly . 
  i do n't know anyone who does n't own a car , so i 'm baffled by people who are baffled by the us reliance on cars . 
  having two cars in the family is not uncommon in italy . 
  not really , they must be at least 500m . 
  there are people however who live [ literally on the border ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-hn5sf32es00/vnsfaw3jomi/aaaaaaaaf5m/kykj1xzcze0/s1600/dsc_0196%2b%25282l%2529.jpg ) . 
  i live within walking distance of the italian-slovenian border . 
  i cross frequently , of course , for gasoline , groceries , and restaurants . 
  espresso is just coffee . 
  if you want something different you should be more specific . 
  i 'm never sure about the right amount , so i always tend to overtip . 
  it does n't bother me because i 'm just visiting for a short time , and restaurants cost about the same i would pay in italy , tip included . 
  they need to see your passport because they have to send your data to the police , but they have no right to hold it . 
  sometimes you can leave it to them overnight as a courtesy , so that they can copy the data without hurry , but that 's it . 
  i 'm afraid that the distinction between the historical region of friuli and the current administrative region of friuli venezia giulia is not very clear to you . 
  venezia giulia is not part of friuli . 
  fair enough . 
  i still use cheques in italy . 
   adding ice to wine what about tinto de verano then ? 
  i speak english , and i have studied german and slovenian , but i 'm not fluent . 
  my house dates back to the 16th century , it was originally some sort of watchtower/police station , with thick stone walls and iron grates at the windows . 
  the oldest building i set foot today is my workplace , built in the first half of the 19th century . 
  i do n't know about belgium , but in italy american tv series have been aired since at least the '70s , maybe even earlier . 
  everything dubbed into italian of course . 
  how do you deal with the sun then ? 
  no , pupils normally have to buy all their equipment . 
  and parents sometimes have to pitch in to buy the school 's office supplies ( paper , pens , even toilet paper ) , because schools are inadequately funded by the government . 
   after the west roman fall i do n't remember exactly . 
  they teach about the wars between the goths and byzantium , the longobards , the italian society after the fall of the roman empire , the laws issued by king rothari , the arrival of the franks and the defeat of the longobards . 
  judging from what my kids are studying in middle high school , there is a fairly detailed coverage of italian and european history after the fall the roman empire and before the first crusades . 
  almost nothing about other parts of the world , though . 
  in italy , in additions to a variety of accents that are almost impossible to hide , we have a [ huge variety of dialects ] ( http://www.zingarate.com/pictures/20140702/mappa-dialetti.png ) . 
  while accents do n't normally have any special connotation , besides denoting where you come from , dialects are used in informal contexts , with some exceptions , and schoolchildren are taught to eliminate any dialect from their italian . 
  while actors and tv speakers are trained to hide their accents by using `` standard '' italian , accents are often used when some special flavor is needed , also when dubbing foreign media : for example , groundskeeper willie , from the simpsons , has an exxagerated sardinian accent in italian ( that sounds folksy ) . 
  italian-americans are often rendered with a sicilian accents , especially when engaging in criminal activities . 
  growing a vegetable garden is too much effort for me , i prefer decorative plants in my garden . 
  i noticed a similar trend with my neighbors . 
  i grow some herbs for cooking though ( basil , rosemary ) . 
  there 's nothing wrong or particularly american in researching your ancestry . 
  we do it in europe too , you know . 
  speaking for italy , all the authors you mentioned have been translated into italian and a cultured person would be familiar at least with twain and poe . 
  why should i set my gps navigator to english ? 
  would you use spanish for yours , if it was n't your first language ? 
  moreover , the english voice module is going to mispronounce all the road and town names , making it difficult to understand . 
  as for the other questions , i normally can tell accents when non-native speakers speak english , unless they are exceptionally fluent . 
  i can also tell american from british english , but the accents have no special connotation for me ( besides the fact that i find american more natural and easier to understand , but that 's because i spent some time in the us ) . 
  interesting , i think we have some form of limited assistance in case of the loss of a parent , but only for the poor . 
  the welfare state , from what i gather , is not as pervasive in italy as it is in other eu countries . 
  passenger cars per 1000 inhabitants in the eu : 1 . 
  luxembourg 672 cars 2 . 
  italy 619 cars 3 . 
  lithuania 609 cars 4 . 
  malta 608 cars ( in the usa the data is 809 cars per 1000 persons ) source : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/passenger_cars_in_the_eu#main_statistical_findings personally , a car is a necessity , not a luxury . 
  we have two cars in the family , and it 's not uncommon here . 
  the reason why i have life insurance is because , if i die , i want my kids to have the necessary funds to reach adult age and go to college without worrying about money . 
  motor insurance is mandatory if you own a vehicle . 
  besides that i have house , third party liability , and life insurance . 
  i do n't see the need for health insurance at the moment , i rely on our national health service and i just pay private medical treatments out of my pocket when i need them . 
  when i travel to the united states i buy a temporary travel and health insurance with unlimited coverage . 
  i do n't have any form of insurance against theft . 
  it depends on the climate . 
  in italy air conditioning at home is common and personally i could n't sleep at night without it , because of the intense and prolonged summer heat . 
  i 've never tried looking for this specific thread in a brick and mortar shop , but they seem to be widely available online in italy , especially in specialized photography shops . 
  i researched my genealogy as a hobby , but it 's not really exciting when your ancestors lived in the same village for hundreds of years . 
  thanks to church records , i have a family tree that for some branches extends to the 18th century . 
  the most curious discoveries i made is that all my ancestors died in their 80s , while most other villagers back then ( early 19th century ) died at a much younger age , and that one of my ancestors was nicknamed `` bad weather '' ( maybe because of his temper ? 
   in italy there are laws that reserve spots in graded lists for southern italians do you have a source ? 
  it sounds bullshit to me . 
  i 'm not a criminal , i have guns . 
  i believe in armed self defense . 
  nope . 
  end of june should be perfect for hiking , just check the weather forecasts before venturing into the mountains . 
  staying in a mountain hut allows you to take longer/more difficult hikes : however , you should plan in advance and make a reservation . 
  besides pasta ( dry or fresh or filled with meat ) , in the north you often have rice ( risotto ) or potato dumplings ( gnocchi ) as a first course , with a variety of sauces . 
  on a working day , i personally eat a first course at lunch , while i have meat or fish at dinner . 
  on weekends meals are usually more leisurely . 
  we never put chicken in our pasta and we do n't have pasta alfredo . 
  did you experience any form of discrimination while you were in italy ? 
  we have armed security guards in some universities , but no id checks . 
  no need to queing at the vatican museums , you can buy tickets online in advance and skip the queues . 
  what 's so difficult to understand ? 
  have you ever been to the united states or canada ? 
  in italy it 's 5 digits for debit cards and 4 digits for credit cards . 
  probably boston and san francisco .
