  the point is , this is not greater control , the registry will just gather information which is already available in local weapon offices . 
  i was thinking about him , but he would hate being called a politician . 
  it does n't sound right going so back in time , because italy as a country did n't exist yet , but i can think of a few names : [ cincinnatus ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cincinnatus ) , [ lorenzo de ' medici ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lorenzo_de'_medici ) , [ cavour ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/camillo_benso,_count_of_cavour ) , [ giolitti ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/giovanni_giolitti ) . 
  in a recession , the rich become richer . 
  i would also add that tourism generates many low-paying jobs , and very few high-paid ones . 
  no developed country can rely on tourism as the major revenue source for their economy . 
  on the other hand , there are also rumors here about american healthcare : many say that if you have an accident in the usa , the paramedics will check your insurance or credit card first ; if you do n't have the necessary financial means , the ambulance wo n't pick you up and you 'll be left out in the cold bleeding to death . 
  it 's incredible how many people believe this rumor to be true . 
  yes , but only with those criminals who use registered guns ( usually when those guns are stolen from private houses , which is a common occurrence in italy , for example ) , and only if such criminals do n't render the guns ' serial number unreadable . 
  in any case i 'm surprised that such registries do n't exist yet in europe . 
  in italy they started making one three years ago ( with eu funds ) , but it 's apparently still in development status . 
  i strongly doubt it will be operative by 2014 . 
  italian government officials estimate that there are between 10 and 16 millions firearms privately owned in italy . 
  in germany , which , according to wikipedia , has 3 times the gun ownership rate of italy , this number could be close to 24 millions . 
  maybe you can tour the entire island in a week , but i 'd advise against it . 
  excluding the main highways , roads are narrows and twisting , so distances might not be indicative of travelling times . 
  also , if you want to really experience the place , it 's better to slow your pace down and settle for a couple of days in each place . 
  it also depends on the period of the year you 're going to visit . 
  mid-june to late august is high season and you should reserve your accommodation well in advance . 
  consider also that the summer heat may be intense around midday . 
  i 'd choose to visit either the eastern or the western part : the eastern is more touristic , with attractions such as mt. 
  etna ( the volcano ) , syracuse , and taormina . 
  the western part has the most picturesque fishermen 's villages ( s. vito lo capo , castellammare del golfo ) , ancient ruins ( segesta and agrigento ) , and a wonderful coastline . 
  wherever you go , you 'll find good value for money in restaurants : sicilian cuisine is arguably the best in italy , although not well known abroad , and sicilian sweets and pastries are renowned for their taste and appearance . 
  i do n't know about hostels , but there are several bed & breakfasts in sicily that will accommodate two persons for about $ 50-60 per room . 
  you can usually save on car rentals if you reserve through the airline : for example i rented a car for a week last summer and i paid $ 176 , using a special ryanair rate . 
  check out the big brain on romania !, 
  italy : catch a cheap flight to a sicilian airport ( i suggest trapani , on the west coast ) and rent a car . 
  tour the small villages and sea resorts , visit the museums and the archaeological sites . 
  you 'll be amazed . 
  if you 've never traveled before , the obvious answers would be paris or london ... but i 'd suggest copenhagen instead : it 's easily reachable by train ( although it depends on how far south in italy you live ) , it 's manageable , compact , full of life , and exotic ( for an italian ) . 
  berlin is also an excellent destination . 
  safety wo n't be an issue if you exercise normal caution , the one you 'd use in rome , for example . 
  a final advice regarding our national obsession : food . 
  after countless big macs and flaccid train station sandwiches , you 'll be tempted to get into one of the many italian restaurants that entice you with their familiar sounding names and menus . 
  do n't do it . 
  those restaurants are not for you , they are for the locals and they have adapted to local tastes . 
  they are also overpriced by our standards . 
  instead head to a local eatery , it may be traditional or ethnic , not be afraid of experimenting . 
  i had a wonderful indonesian dinner in amsterdam , reindeer soup in norway , eppelwein and bratwurst in frankfurt and ... something of undefined texture in london . 
  however , they were all more memorable than the overcooked pasta bolognese you 'd be served in an italian restaurant abroad . 
   if you are a normal italian , your social engineering skills i fail at being italian . 
  brad pitt is hilarious in that scene !, 
  christoph waltz 's italian pronunciation , on the other hand , is simply amazing . 
  i find english speakers to have the funniest accent when speaking italian . 
  i suspect the sentiment is reciprocal . 
  you 're the one detached from reality , i 'm afraid . 
  violent home intruders in italy rape and kill unarmed innocents on a regular basis , insomuch to force the government to issue a new legislation in favour of armed self-defense . 
  there are already tons of illegal guns in the hands of criminals , coming mainly from the balkans . 
  i wo n't be the one left without a gun . 
  sounds delicious !, 
  i 'm sorry to inform you that , in almost two decades of gun shooting , i 've killed a grand total of 0 people . 
  unlike you , my government thinks i 'm a responsible adult who can be trusted with guns . 
  that makes me feel uncomfortable . 
  they 're already banned . 
  or did you mean semiautomatic ? 
  so you do n't want to shoot a gun , and i can understand that . 
  what i do n't understand is why you would like me to stop shooting my semi-auto rifle . 
  i 'm a licensed gun owner and i can have as many semi-auto rifles as my bank account allows : why should this bother you ? 
  til iceland has an underworld . 
  gun control laws only take guns from the hands of honest people . 
  criminals would still have guns . 
  armed violent crime is a reality where i live , and armed robbers certainly do n't have a gun license . 
  so taking my guns away from me would n't reduce the chances of a gunfight . 
  i never claimed that europeans are as armed as the americans . 
  and owning full-auto guns in the us requires a very difficult to get license , only issued to selected collectors , and such firearms cost like a car . 
  semi-auto kalashnikovs and other military guns are legal in italy , for example , but they are banned in some other places ( i can think of ireland and the uk , for instance ), 
  i have a european firearm pass : is n't the eu amazing ? 
  you have the right not to defend yourself , if you choose so  i prefer keeping my guns loaded , thank you . 
  it depends on the jurisdiction . 
  in italy we have a `` castle doctrine '' , inspired by us laws , introduced in 2006 : if an intruder in your home or workplace threatens your physical safety or your goods , you can shoot . 
  the response does not need to be proportionate to the threat . 
  many people who killed their assailants were acquitted because of this law , others instead were ( justly ) convicted because they shot at the assailant while he was fleeing . 
  i rest my case . 
  edit - found a source : http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4645228.stm edit2 - i am under the impression that / r/europe does n't like the italian law . 
  i agree with you on this point . 
  i think gun owners should be licensed . 
  violence is not banned by law , because if you 're the victim of violent crime , you have the right to defend yourself . 
  according to the statistics , europe is n't as much gun-free as many believe : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/number_of_guns_per_capita_by_country edit : / r/europe does n't like statistics , 
   i 'm sorry , but in a civilized society the monopoly of violence lies with the state ( i.e. 
  the police ) . 
  i completely disagree with this statement . 
  what you have in mind is a totalitarian , 1984-like , regime , where the state is more important than its citizens . 
  i am firmly convinced that the individuals come first , and that the right to self-defense is a basic human right . 
  also , i was under the impression that switzerland had the less restrictive gun laws in europe . 
  are you saying that gun ownership in switzerland is n't common ? 
  funny thing is , non-lethal weapons are illegal in italy . 
  i can legally shoot an intruder with my .45 semiautomatic pistol , but i ca n't have a zapper . 
  moreover , i would n't bring a zapper to a gunfight , would you ? 
  you are n't that old . 
  still plenty of time to shoot in your life , if you have a desire to do so . 
  just join a gun club and apply for a gun license . 
  what 's progressive in banning guns ? 
  i believe that the every human being has the right to self defense . 
  i agree that deranged people should not get hold of firearms , but every honest , able-bodied citizen should be allowed access to guns . 
  i certainly have and i 'm not american . 
  right , but consider also property tax , which may be steep in the us . 
  is it likely that tobacco will be banned in the future , as other dangerous drugs are ? 
  i have the same doubt . 
  wow , i should stop complaining about how much i pay in italy .
