  great choice !, 
  it 's been a long time since i last read the name of the rose , but maybe i can manage to read it again and take part to the discussion . 
  italy is a net contributor to the eu , not a receiver of eu money . 
  does it matter ? 
  gun laws only affect honest citizens . 
  berlusconi is still likely to get the third place , though . 
  hardly `` out of the game '' . 
  in italy the eu parliament elections are perceived as a giant opinion poll on the national political parties , with possible implications on the future of renzi 's government , on berlusconi 's party , etc. 
  there 's no discussion of european-wide issues , apart from the `` leave the euro '' stance taken by the 5 star movement and by lega nord . 
  while i agree that they are everywhere in italy , mopeds are n't counted in this map . 
  i 'm surprised by italy 's numbers , but now that i think about it , i could n't go to work without a car . 
  also , it 's not unusual having two cars in a family . 
  [ they shoot each other . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/may/04/napoli-fan-hospital-rome-football-violence-coppa-italia ), 
  i do n't want to talk about it . 
  having a solid manufacturing tradition , italy is pretty strong in industrial machinery and automation . 
  companies like interpump , for example , are unknown to the general public , but very successful in their field . 
  berlusconi has a gun on his desk in the old picture they chose for this article , emphasizing the mobster vibe you get from this image . 
  in reality , this picture dates back to the '70s , when rich people in italy where in danger of kidnapping for ransom by terrorist and criminal organizations . 
  berlusconi used to carry a gun for self defense , before getting an armed escort . 
  i know what it means , and this nickname was used for an italian american mobster in the '90s , but who on earth calls berlusconi the teflon don ? 
  the independent ? 
   the billionaire tycoon , nicknamed the teflon don , lolwut ? 
  this may be true for some parts of italy , but in the north-east the local languages are alive and kicking . 
  full dobro !, 
  i 'm not going to tell you because i assume you already know . 
  pre-wwi europe was not the romantic eden you depict , but a classist society that gave little value to the lives of hundreds of thousands of illiterate peasants , sent to their death by their aristocratic rulers . 
  during wwi , captured soldiers often died of starvation , illnesses , and overworking . 
  officers instead were placed in resorts , with theatres , libraries , and tennis courts . 
  politically , not . 
  economically , italy was amazingly rich during the renaissance . 
  bold words from an unelected prime minister with little parliament support and big ambitions . 
  i doubt he 'll last long enough to really make a difference . 
  cool , i found a candidate in my area with 100 % participation to the votes and a 0/100 voting score , according to the opinions of this website . 
  i think she 's going to get my vote . 
  unfortunately i grew up much earlier than 1997 , and i 've never heard anything about eurovision , not even in the tv-crazy '80s . 
  now i get it !, 
  but in reality , i 've never seen eurovision mentioned in the media in italy . 
  we have eurovision ? 
  in italy we like to hang to tradition , but just in form : we have a crucifix in every classroom and in every courtroom , but abortion is legal . 
  the catholic church however still has considerable power on the political scene ( for example it strongly opposes to homosexual civil unions , so we do n't have them ) . 
  why do they get rejected ? 
  i 'd add that the us is thinking to use the esta revenues to finance a marketing campaign aimed at increasing tourism from selected countries . 
  we should do the same , levying a similar entry tax on americans entering the eu and using it for promoting tourism , but i know it 's not possible to do it at the eu level . 
  in case of the us , i would hardly call it a visa-free situation : you still need the esta to fly and visit there , a sort of online authorization which costs $ 14 and lasts for two years , allowing multiple entries . 
  moreover , us immigration officers reserve the right to deny you entry , despite the esta . 
  it 's the worse of both worlds : you need to be in possession of an authorization , but you 're not granted entry . 
  getting the esta is a quick and painless process , though . 
  correct . 
  the first italian literature of note ( 13th century ) was in sicilian , but later the three giants of the 14th century italian literature , dante , petrach and boccaccio , made the tuscan dialect the standard written language . 
  the spoken language , however , was n't affected , so people kept writing in one language and speaking in another , that 's how dialects were preserved until today . 
  no , but because of the [ political terrorism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_brigades ) we experienced in the '70s . 
  this law was introduced in 1975 , along with other provisions regarding firearms . 
  criminals tend not to get firearm licenses , 
  yes . 
  they can even search your home without a warrant if there 's the suspicion you are illegally in possession of firearms . 
  my grandparents spoke istro-venetian , a variant of the venetian dialect spoken by the italian population living on the coastal areas of istria ( in slovenia and croatia ) , from where they were from . 
  but since i do n't live in istria , the dialect i speak is heavily influenced by the that of the city of trieste , which is very similar to istro-venetian anyway . 
  it 's venetian with several terms of german and slovenian origin . 
  basically all the italian dialects evolved independently from latin . 
  eventually one gained the upper hand in literature in the middle ages and was then considered to be standard italian . 
  i can speak my local dialect , because i was exposed to it by my grandparents , who did n't speak standard italian . 
  if i spoke it 50km from my hometown , people would understand most of it , but it would be weird . 
  in farther parts of italy it would n't be understood . 
  also , kevin costner was a huge star in the early '90s . 
  i agree , i fear ukraine is doomed . 
  russia is an authoritarian regime bent on rewriting the rules of post cold war europe . 
  we should have already learned the lesson with georgia in 2008 . 
  a slap on the wrist wo n't stop russia from further aggressions after ukraine . 
  italy is blessed with a very fertile soil !, 
  in my case , lawn with several ornamental plants and trees . 
  years ago i used to have a vegetable garden , but the effort was too much and the plants overproduced , so i ended up disposing of a lot of vegetables that nobody wanted . 
  there may be regional differences , but the most people i know in my area have an ornamental lawn . 
  edit : i should add , that , contrary to the prevalent us practice , all our lawns and gardens are fenced . 
  they also banned the centuries old italian tocai wine , just because it resembles the hungarian name tokaj , and all because hungary joined the eu before us !, 
  i like it how , every time i 'm in the us and i meet an italian american ( or simply someone with an x % of italian ancestry ) , they treat me like we are old buddies . 
  it 's cool . 
  last week i stopped in a little mountain town for gas and i exchanged a few words with another driver who , when he learned that i 'm italian , told me about his relatives in italy and on how he would have liked to visit them . 
  i like these random encounters . 
  can you actually read italian ? 
  the article you posted does n't say anything about reincorporating rijeka , but it 's about a proposal to refinance the italian communities in croatia . 
  here 's a google-translated version : rome , november 12 - `` it has been approved an amendment to the financial stability act , which incorporates the request of the northern league to refinance the italian minority in slovenia and croatia and the exiles of istria , fiume and dalmatia in our country . 
  it is a matter of historical justice and social , for which the northern league has fought with great conviction . 
  `` make known the members of the northern league fedriga massimiliano massimo bitonci and roberto simonetti , engaged in the budget committee on the law of stability . 
  are n't you mixing lega nord with casapound and other neo-fascist movements ? 
  i 've never heard lega say anything about dalmatia , and a movement whose leader invite to wipe one 's ass with the national flag can hardly be called fascist . 
  fake news , it was originally invented by a satirical website . 
  it 's also been removed from the posted link . 
  yes , it 's expensive , but i do n't have the exact cost figures . 
  however , [ we have the highest number of police officers in the eu , both in absolute numbers and per capita ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/law_enforcement_in_italy ) . 
  we also have other police forces , most notably the guardia di finanza ( essentially tax inspectors with guns ) , local police forces , forestry corps ( patrolling wooded areas ) ... 
  i think they were given the status of refugee . 
  storytime : in the '80s , my family lived on the border with yugoslavia . 
  while yugoslavians themselves were free to travel into western europe , people from other countries behind the iron curtain could n't freely cross the yugoslavian-italian border . 
  since the border was n't as heavily guarded as the iron curtain , many chose to escape from eastern europe by crossing it ( in urban areas it involved jumping over a 1.50 m unguarded fence ) . 
  one day my grandparents found a slovakian young man taking refuge from the rain in a phone booth . 
  they took him home and he stayed with them for about a week . 
  the police was called to identify him , but he was n't expelled . 
  my grandparents gave him some money so that he could join a slovak community in austria , and from there i heard he went to canada . 
  he kept sending my grandparents letters and photos until they died .
