  exactly , he invented the double-entry bookkeeping system , including the debit and credit , the journal , the ledger , the t accounts , and the trial balance . 
  pacioli was a mathematician and he devised this self-checking system to allow merchants to keep track of their financial transactions minimizing the risk of errors and without using negative numbers , which i think would have been too difficult for an ordinary merchant at the time . 
  the t-account is said to resemble a cross , because pacioli was a friar , but i find it hard to believe . 
  the system pacioli invented is still used for recording financial transactions today , hence the hate . 
  apart from generations of accounting students worldwide who have deeply hated this 15th century italian friar !, 
  then milk must be very cheap in germany . 
  we pay about 1 euro per liter . 
  it means that fuel prices are too high and that the government should lower its taxation on petrol . 
  i think they ca n't do their math , petrol is about 80 % more expensive than milk in italy . 
  not that it matters anyway , it 's a moronic comparison . 
  charta just means paper in latin , so maybe `` the great document '' would be an appropriate translation of `` magna charta '' . 
  who will pay ? 
  the ordinary citizens will pay , either directly , when purchasing shares or bonds , or indirectly , since bank fees on investment and pension funds are likely to increase . 
  as a matter of fact , the english word `` bank '' comes from the italian `` banco '' , meaning counter , desk , table . 
  modern banking and double-entry bookkeeping were both invented in renaissance italy . 
  italians have a low tolerance for public displays of drunkenness , and clashes among tourists and local youth have been reported : [ drunk british student attacked by locals in rome ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1371563/brit-21-stripped-naked-roman-square-hospitalised-attacked-locals.html ), 
  not all tourists are college kids , and not all college kids behave the way is displayed in the video , but of course they are those who get noticed the most . 
  i have no idea , but foreigners seem to love this shit . 
  of course there are no borders , but non-uk tourists like myself are warned in advance ( by travel agencies , for instance ) to avoid specific areas because they 're flooded with british tourists . 
  german and russian . 
  i like it how greece has these ghettos reserved to british tourists only , carefully avoided by tourists from other parts of the world . 
  they got some points right : italians were better off before the euro , in gdp per capita terms , but they do n't mention the fact that italy 's national debt has probably benefited from the lower interest rates granted by the euro area for many years . 
  however i do n't see how monti 's reforms could be the solution : he did too little , and increased taxes up to a level that 's not bearable in the long term , without really reducing public spending . 
  the fact that monti makes many people regret berlusconi ( you should read the comments on monti 's official facebook page ! ), 
  says a lot about his failure . 
   but for all its hygiene , a sickly smell still pervades the chill air and the concrete floor is dotted with blood . 
  it does n't seem that unusual for a slaughterhouse . 
  i did it too !, 
  the bartender was n't enthusiastic , but who cares when you 're 10 ? 
  thanks for clarifying this , i was a little surprised !, 
  do german identity cards report religious beliefs ? 
  in italy the situation is very simple : 112 for the carabinieri , for the military inclined ; 113 for the police , for those who prefer the civilian approach to law enforcement ; 115 for the fire department ; 117 for the ministry of finance police , in case you spotted a tax evader and requested an immediate armed response ; 118 for an ambulance . 
  russia is just too big to join any supranational union without dominating it . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  even if horse meat is better than beef , it should n't have been there . 
  the issue here is that the meat was labeled as beef , and resulted to be horse instead . 
  moreover , after the mad cow disease scare , eu rules stated that meat should be traceable to its country of origin ; in this case , we do n't know where these horses are from , whether they were healthy or sick animals , where they were slaughtered , and so on . 
  it 's a serious breach in the very food safety that the eu rules are supposed to assure . 
  what other rules may have been violated ? 
  we generally do n't tip anyone in italy , and we do n't round up to the nearest euro . 
  it 's legal in italy . 
  and there 's always a small note in the menu stating that a service charge of $ 1 or $ 2 per person will be added to the final price . 
  being a mandatory charge , it 's not a tip . 
  sometimes it 's just cheaper to import coal than to mine it . 
  we used to have a thriving solar panels market in italy , because homeowners were subsidized by the government to install solar panels on their roofs . 
  then , in an attempt to cut public spending , the subsidies were stopped and the market crashed . 
  several firms in the industry went out of business . 
  back to coal plants now , i guess . 
  when ? 
  how ? 
  i just wrote that the * newspapers * where downplaying the issue , in an attempt , at least in my opinion , to protect berlusconi from criticism . 
  i 'm sorry again , but i 'm not objecting to anything . 
  i 'm sorry but i do n't understand the point of your comment . 
  what is not true ? 
  that newspapers in italy downplayed the issue ? 
  and what is embarrassing ? 
   the car drivers tend to be the most useful people for our societies , the top tax payers , the small business owners , the professionals , so it is not such a good idea . 
  really ? 
  it looks like everybody and their dog is a car owner here . 
  if you use chrome 's incognito mode it should work . 
   the comments have caused outrage in italy actually , newspapers here have downplayed the issue , labeling the remarks as just a `` gaffe '' , or a * faux pas . 
  * for those not familiar with soccer , milan 's vice-president is paolo berlusconi , silvio 's younger brother . 
  50km/h is already low , 30km/h would make driving unbearable . 
  moreover , talking about italy , very few drivers currently observe the 50km/h limit , so i guess even less will drive at 30km/h . 
   fifteen years ago a danish mother on vacation in new york was arrested for child neglect for letting her kid sleep alone in the baby carriage while she was inside a caf\u00e9 or a shop . 
  which is common practice in denmark , also through -10 degree winter snow . 
  this incident is still often brought up in denmark of how crazy americans are . 
  i remember the incident , i was in new york when it happened and it caused a stir . 
  i 'm telling you , leaving your baby unattended in new york is crazy , and the cold weather has nothing to do with it . 
  i had some danish friends there at the time and they agreed that the lady 's behavior was n't appropriate , given the circumstances . 
  i 'm a parent , but how do i know what my parenting style is ? 
  i do n't know other parents my age in other european countries , so i ca n't make comparisons . 
  i 'm inexplicably taller than the average dutch . 
  basically neo-fascist parties . 
  if the eu wants to curb carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases emissions with a market mechanism , it should accept its laws . 
  the price is `` too low '' because the eu introduced too many permits in the system , and their demand is low due to the recession . 
  claiming that the system needs fixing because prices are too low shows a lack of understanding of the eu-ets mechanism : polluting is cheap now because there are less polluters around than before the recession . 
  total tonnes of carbon dioxide introduced into the atmosphere are probably lower than a few years ago , when prices were higher . 
  having visited both san francisco and berlin , i concur with those suggesting the german capital as a viable option . 
  it has a vibrant cultural life , and not as many homeless people as san francisco . 
  palmanova , 
  it 's childish , and it 's demeaning to / r/europe users , we are capable of discerning which news sources to follow , we do n't need self-appointed censors to guide us . 
  til i was born in one of europe 's coolest small towns !, 
  berlusconi , political parties choosing the candidates for february 's elections , berlusconi , taxes , the economy , berlusconi . 
  are unlicensed/uninsured drivers a real problem ? 
  i was under the impression that people driving while intoxicated were the most pressing safety hazard on europe 's roads . 
  the eu set up a market mechanism for reducing carbon emissions , and now they are taken by surprise by a price fall caused by an oversupply of emission permits ? 
  someone should go back to microeconomics 101 : the price will rise again when the economy will recover . 
  good analysis . 
  the intolerably high tax burden appears to be the main concern , judging from the newspapers ' headlines . 
  we are experiencing a deadly mix of inflation and recession , so people have less disposable income and have started eroding their savings . 
  fortunately , we have little private debt , so you do n't see evictions like in spain . 
  of course , but i was comparing italy 's situation with the nordic countries , where the welfare is much more extensive . 
  i do n't appreciate the `` fascist and hateful '' part , but war hero michael wittmann sitting on his tank deserves an upvote . 
  family is basically the only welfare we have . 
  no unemployment benefits , unless you 've just lost your job and you 're looking for a new one ; no help from the government to pay the rent ; no help for the long-term care of the elder ; insufficient number of public nursery schools . 
  what about women ? 
  it looks like the [ berlusconi appearance on his enemy 's ' tv program ] ( http://wwww.ansa.it/web/notizie/rubriche/english/2013/01/11/berlusconi-santoro-tv-clash-sets-record-its-channel_8056448.html ) is paying out well for him . 
  italy has been a cultural powerhouse over the centuries , so it 's difficult to make a list , esp . 
  if we consider also roman literature : [ julius caesar : de bello gallico ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/commentarii_de_bello_gallico ) [ tacitus : annales , histories , germania ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tacitus ) [ suetonius : de vita caesarum ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/suetonius ) [ petronius arbiter : satyricon ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/petronius ) [ apuleius : metamorphoses , or the golden ass ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/apuleius ) [ virgil : aeneid ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aeneid ) and numberless other comedies , poetry , tragedies and philosophical works from : plautus , catullus , horatius , cicero , seneca , plinius , etc.
