  if i remember correctly , most of them were issued a temporary schengen permit and quietly shipped to france and germany , because of a perceived lack of cooperation by the eu in handling the problem . 
  at least this was what italian newspapers were reporting back then , i did n't really research the matter . 
  i did n't expect such low quality reporting from npr . 
  it sounded like leftist propaganda . 
  religious schools in italy still exclusively means catholic schools , we do n't have islamic state-sponsored schools yet . 
  instead , we have immigrant ghettos where public schools almost only have immigrant students , while the italians prefer to send their kids elsewhere . 
  really . 
  right , how could i forget ? 
  i was misled by the source !, 
  towels are ok , bathing suites with synthetic fabric are not . 
  what kind of stuff ? 
  using these templates for your cv greatly enhances your chances of failure . 
  or at least that 's what people in charge of the hiring process in large companies told me . 
   nude saunas are there saunas where people keep their clothes on ? 
  then i do n't want to go nowhere near them . 
  sweden seems to be quite popular : many swedish authors are translated in several languages ( larsson , mankell ... ) , and people like the setting of those novels . 
  also , ikea sells not only furniture , but sweden itself , its food and its traditions . 
  this certainly contributes to the popularity of sweden and it 's a smart marketing move . 
  sweden is known for its excellence in interior design , its style is considered functional , essential , and elegant , but a bit cold . 
  also , pippi longstockings is still known among children , although not as famous as 40 years ago . 
  the mystery of the bulgarian voices ? 
  are 500 $ notes so rare in sweden ? 
  here in italy they are not uncommon at all . 
  edit : i 've used them for legal purposes !, 
  different spelling , but probably it 's the same name . 
  the origin is latin though ( pascha = easter ) . 
  i 'm so envious ... 
  what ?!, 
  and no boy with an apple on his head either ? 
  my childhood was a lie . 
  damn , i could swear sylvia koscina was born in belgrade . 
  and i 'm afraid i 've never heard of djokovic ... 
  it was much harder than i thought : poland : wojtila , walesa , jaruzelski czech republic : dvorak , milan kundera , vaclav havel slovakia : ... ukraine : yulia tymoshenko , ... russia : mussorgsky , bulgakov , tchaikovsky netherlands : vermeer , van gogh , rubens romania : ionescu , ceausescu , vlad dracul hungary : matthias corvinus , ilona staller , ... slovenia : alenka bratu\u0161ek , boris pahor ( the author ) , ... serbia : tito ( or was he croatian ? 
  ) , sylvia koscina , milosevic croatia : franjo tudman , n. tesla ... greece : onassis , plato , socrates denmark : king christian iv , hans christian andersen , buxtehude norway : grieg , ibsen , ... sweden : king gustavus ii adolphus , olof palme , stieg larsson finland : mika h\u00e4kkinen , ... belgium : van rompuy , ... spain : cervantes , cortez , el cid campeador portugal : ... iceland : bjork , ... switzerland : william tell ... 
  i was n't really taught english , my teachers just pretended to do it . 
  i 'm italian and i was n't aware of the existence of this eurovision contest until i learned about it on reddit . 
  i do n't understand its point either . 
  some italian universities offer courses in english , mainly because they want to attract foreign students . 
  for example : http://international.units.it/programmes-taught-in-english, 
  no greenhouses here , maybe it 's just density of population . 
  borders used to be a very serious business when i grew up in the '70s and '80s . 
  i am glad things are different now . 
  this must be specific to rome , bakeries have always prepared sandwiches in my area . 
  thanks !, 
  * london * rome * paris * prague * vienna, 
  it 's just a game , but i 'll give it a try ( i 'm italian ) : * most trustworthy : germany * least trustworthy : spain * most arrogant : britain * least arrogant : ireland * most compassionate : sweden * least compassionate : france, 
  that 's why i think this is not just a crisis , but ( for southern europe at least ) a structural change that is not temporary . 
  lost jobs have moved elsewhere and they are not coming back anytime soon . 
  yes , but they can basically be summarized in just two laws . 
  law number one says that everything is permitted ; law number two says that everything is forbidden . 
  could you add [ friuli venezia giulia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/friuli-venezia_giulia ) ? 
  it 's an autonomous region in italy . 
  i see you have already added friuli , but it is just a part of fvg region . 
  thanks !, 
  does croatia really have to change the name to its pr\u0161ut ? 
  the italian word `` prosciutto '' is just a generic term for cured meats . 
  gostiona hero . 
  you can find some data in [ this wikipedia article ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/number_of_guns_per_capita_by_country ) , but i do n't know how reliable it is : for example , the data for italy seem to be severely underestimated , compared to what governmental sources claim on the matter ( 12 % of households with guns , 16 millions guns total ) . 
  it was the same in italy until 2006 , then they changed the law , inspired by the us `` castle doctrine '' . 
  the application still leaves something to be desired , though . 
  here anyone can defend their life and property in their home or workplace with a firearm , as long as it is legal ( i.e. 
  acquired by a licensed person and registered with the authorities ) . 
  just yesterday , for example , a jeweler killed a robber armed with a toy gun . 
  gun laws here are complicated and often completely pointless . 
  the sacred cow of italian gun laws is the ban on 9x19mm semiauto handguns ( revolvers are ok ) , for reasons unfathomable to me . 
  in fact , we replaced 9x19 with 9x21 for civilian use , which is an almost identical cartridge ( it even has the same oal ) . 
  more powerful cartridges , up to .500 s&w magnum for pistols , are not a problem , go figure . 
  we are also unsure about magazine capacity : in theory magazines are not regulated , and they can be bought and sold by anyone , without a license . 
  however , it seems that if you actually use a 30 + rounds magazine on a firearm , you are committing a felony . 
  nobody is sure though , because we have many regulations at different levels that contradict each other . 
  criminals of course do not need to care about these details , since they use unregistered and illegal firearms anyway , of which there seems to be ample availability . 
  in italy you do n't have to store ammunition and guns in different safes ( how could you defend yourself otherwise ? 
  ) , but you are responsible for keeping your guns out of the reach of unauthorized persons ( e.g. , minors ) . 
  in theory they could come and check anytime , in practice it happens rarely . 
  i did n't know this was real . 
  italy : anyone with a clean legal record and with a certificate of sanity issued by their physician can apply for a gun permit . 
  there are three different gun permits : hunting , self defense , and sport shooting . 
  all three gun permits allow to buy any gun , with the exclusion of full-auto guns . 
  only those with a self defense permit can carry a loaded handgun on them all the time , the others can only use the guns for hunting or at the shooting range . 
  there is no requirement to belong to a sport club , no waiting period for purchases , and no need to apply for a permit for each weapon . 
  there are limits on the number guns one can have without applying for a collection license : 3 handguns , 6 sport guns ( they also include handguns ) and unlimited rifles and shotguns . 
  maximum 200 pistol rounds , 1,500 rifle and shotgun rounds , and 5kg . 
  of gunpowder . 
  all guns and ammo must be registered with the police . 
  handloading of ammo is permitted . 
  italian gun laws are too strict , and too difficult to understand and to apply , with too many gray areas . 
  self defense law is good on paper , allowing one to shoot a home intruder , but it is not always applied well , and people who shoot in self defense are sometimes convicted anyway . 
  printable guns are of low quality , and they still need real ammunition to work , so i do n't see the problem . 
   nobody 's crying in italy , i assure you . 
  the world is a bit more complex than you think . 
  prosecco has been produced in italy at least since the 18th century , it 's not just a brand name , despite what the article says . 
  so `` ordering '' italy to change its name is at least as idiotic as telling croatia to change its . 
  edit : i 'd just add that the wine is named after a small town near trieste , italy . 
   well as for teran . 
  slovenia has geographicaly protected the name teran , so officialy only wine makers in slovenia can use that name how come we have `` terrano '' wine in italy then ? 
  it 's very common around trieste . 
  i find this ridiculous , could n't they just specify the country of origin on the label ? 
  so that if i 'm drinking croatian prosek i know where it comes from . 
  a few years ago , italy lost its tocai wine to hungary because it sounds too similar to tokaj , despite the fact that tocai grapes have been introduced in italy in the 17th century and that the italian and hungarian wines are very different . 
  it was a huge blow to winemakers of my area , because tocai used to be a well recognized wine of the region .
