  it 's not just alto adige : central europe in this map includes the part of italy that belonged to austria-hungary before 1918 ( trento , trieste , gorizia , and part of friuli ) . 
  we are talking of cultural , not linguistic proximities . 
  i 'm paying more taxes and energy prices are up , so i have a little less disposable income . 
  not yet enough to change my lifestyle , though . 
  it 's a bit different in southern europe , 
  i live far from the big cities , in friuli venezia giulia . 
  i did n't mean to generalize my personal experience , i know that europe is multiethnic , but the survey approach seemed very american to me . 
  i also included my imaginary ones . 
  exactly . 
  i had a wtf moment in the us years ago when i took a survey and i had to fill in my ethnicity . 
  i was used to think in terms of nationality , not race . 
  i try to avoid boring friends , but i ca n't avoid friends of my same ethnicity : european countries are more ethnically uniform than the us . 
  my high school was 100 % `` caucasian '' 20 years ago , and my daughter 's primary school is 99.8 % caucasian today . 
  i think that some of the issues raised in this survey are typical american and do n't fit very well in europe . 
  i found out i must be the most boring person ever - 100 % of my friends have my nationality and ethnicity . 
  i think you might underestimate the number of gun owners in the netherlands . 
  they certainly seem to be more than a dozen : http://www.knsa.nl/ also , the largest online store in europe for dynamic shooting related accessories is located in the netherlands . 
  i remember that three or four months ago the dutch government wanted to outlaw all dynamic pistol shooting ( ipsc ) activities . 
  dutch shooters asked gun owers from all of europe to sign a petition to stop this ( i did ) ; i later heard that eventually no ban was introduced . 
  in general , guns are more common in europe than most people think . 
  the german design is nice , but it lacks variety : there are so many famous people portraits , or works of art you could use for representing germany ( i would love seeing a german coin representing one of d\u00fcrer 's masterpieces ) . 
  but who says we ca n't change our design in the future ? 
  provided that the euro will still exist , that is . 
  the british design is awesome , indeed . 
  i started collecting the different countries ' euro coins in 2002 , but later i felt stupid and i spent them . 
  i 'm still thrilled when i get portuguese or finnish coins in my pockets , they are relatively rare in italy and i love their design . 
  violent home invasions of armed burglars occur in italy in isolated houses , often with deadly consequences for the homeowners . 
  we have a law in italy that allows you to shoot and kill if someone put your life in danger at home or at the workplace . 
  guns are legal in most eu countries , under a license and registration system ( the uk ban on handguns is an exception ) , but we 'll never have the right to bear arms here . 
  apparently i should move to latvia and vote tb/lnnk , whatever that means . 
  i 'm half sicilian and i have never heard this . 
  really ? 
  i obviously understand that italians recently immigrated from africa or of mixed ancestry would n't consider themselves white , but i could n't imagine another classification for the `` ethnic '' italians . 
  to be honest , however , i 've never heard any discussion about this in italy . 
  italians definitely consider themselves white . 
  thanks . 
  i think that in general the `` whiteness '' issue is more american than european . 
  we tend to focus more on immigration than on race . 
  i 'm italian and i never thought about my `` whiteness '' until i went to america , where i realized i was indeed considered white . 
  how different ? 
  there 's a wealth of information on [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genetic_history_of_europe ) on the subject : `` during the period of the roman empire , historical sources show that there were many movements of people around europe , both within and outside the empire . 
  historic sources sometimes cite instances of genocide incited by the romans upon rebellious provincial tribes . 
  if this did in fact occur , it would have been limited given that modern populations show considerable genetic continuity in their respective regions . 
  the process of ` romanization ' appears to have been accomplished by the colonization of provinces by a few latin speaking administrators , military personnel and private citizens ( merchants , traders ) who emanated from the empire 's various regions ( and not merely the italian peninsula ) . 
  they served as a nucleus for the acculturation of local notables . 
  [ 95 ] given their small numbers and varied origins , romanization does not appear to have left distinct genetic signatures in europe . 
  indeed , romance-speaking populations in the balkans have been found to genetically resemble neighbouring greek and slavic-speaking peoples rather than modern italians . 
  i took the test offered by the [ national geographic genographic project ] ( https://genographic.nationalgeographic.com/genographic/index.html ) , very simple but not cheap . 
  what makes you think they investigated just one single austrian for this study ? 
  edit : ok i misunderstood you , sorry . 
  yet another [ recent study ] ( https://genographic.nationalgeographic.com/staticfiles/genographic/staticfiles/projectupdates/basque%20paradigm-%20release-3-6-12.pdf ) says that basques are genetically isolated pre-indoeuropeans . 
  i find this stuff fascinating . 
  i 'm skeptical of these claims , dna distribution is mostly the consequence of prehistoric migrations , so it would be more correct saying that 20 % of spaniards and portuguese share the same ancestry with sephardic jews . 
  the article itself says that the phoenicians too have the same genetic markers . 
  spaniards are 70 % r1b , western indoeuropeans migrated to europe during the bronze age . 
  the romans did n't spread much dna around europe : they did n't migrate in masses , they just romanized local populations . 
  italy and finland are genetic islands ; in case of italy , the dna distribution is deemed to be the same as in pre-roman times . 
  however i took this dna test : https://genographic.nationalgeographic.com/genographic/index.html it comes out i 'm r1a , i.e. 
  eastern european - germanic , which is consistent with my italian family name being of longobardic origin . 
  see this [ table ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4d/haplogroups_europe.png ) for y-dna frequencies . 
  we are all mixed , but in terms of y-chromosome dna , sweden has a strong % of i1 , which is thought to be paleo-european . 
  more details here : http://www.eupedia.com/europe/european_y-dna_haplogroups.shtml, 
  i do n't get back in services what i pay , so i hate high taxes . 
  1 . not jews 2 . not white 3 . beautiful, 
  that 's exactly my point . 
  we 've cut military spending over the decades because we knew we could count on the u.s. , up to the point that the eu could n't face a peacekeeping operation on its doorstep . 
  this needs to be reversed . 
  also , i live on the border with slovenia . 
  during the war i could hear gunshots from my home , so war is a very real possibility . 
  i agree with you . 
  people also tend to forget that we had a war in europe in the '90s , in the balkans , and that there was very little we could have done without the us military . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/europics a subreddit for interesting pictures and photographs relevant to europe . 
  people will always think fondly of the time when they were young . 
  despite not being slovenian , i 'm old enough to remember slovenia in the '80s : the empty shelves in supermarkets , hyperinflation ( `` old '' dinars and `` new '' dinars ) , troves of slovenian customers in italy 's shops , buying every kind of consumer goods they could n't find at home ... and those were people fortunate enough to live close to the borders with austria or italy . 
  granted , there were not soviet-style bread lines and nobody was starving , but the improvements since the times of yugoslavia are undeniable . 
  i had relatives in rural istria ( croatia , actually , but we did n't think much about the distinction back then ) and i was always amazed by the fact that each time my grandmother visited them , she brought with her a big cardboard box full of pasta , tomato soup , detergents , etc. . . 
  it stroke me odd that someone would bring such trivial items as gifts . 
   you can not buy an assault rifle it depends on your definition of assualt rifle . 
  if you mean a full-automatic rifle , than no , we can not buy it ( and neither can the vast majority of americans , unless they have a very special and expensive license ) . 
  if you mean a military-looking semiautomatic rifle , we have them in europe too . 
  in italy all you need is one of our three firearm licenses ( hunting - sport shooting - self defense ) . 
  see for example : http://www.armiusate.it/cerca/cookie-action,done/schema,sdm+ak74/categoria,115, 
  it 's not like gun ads do n't exist in italy , just see any hunting or gun magazine , or gun websites such as www.armietiro.it, 
  given the small percentage of gun owners over the total population , gun advertisements only make financial sense if displayed in specialized media ( gun magazines and websites ) . 
  every public building in italy must display two flags ( national and eu ) . 
  they need to apply for citizenship when they turn 18 . 
  otherwise they need a residence permit to remain in italy . 
  children of immigrants in europe do not get their citizenship at birth , do they ? 
  in italy there are many people who were born here but they are n't italian . 
  redditors tend to overreact to the issue , as you can see from this thread , and ancestry is not as irrelevant in europe as they would like you to believe . 
  whenever i meet americans that claim to be 1/4 or 1/8 italian i think it 's cool they still feel some sort of connection with the old country . 
  does it weigh more than 3.5 metric tons ? 
  if so , it 's a truck , otherwise a car . 
  have you never bought a tv , a smartphone , or a car ? 
  car wheels are always measured in inches . 
  sometimes the gauge of natural gas plumbings is in inches ( 3/8 , etc ) , i know i had to buy a non metric key for it . 
  not sure about water plumbing . 
  the barrel length of handguns is also expressed in inches . 
  tvs , pc displays , and smartphone screens are all measured in inches . 
  for me it 's always been christmas day , when you open the gifts and have a 4-hour , 6,000 calories lunch with the family .
