  wild boars have recently attacked and maimed or killed people in rural areas . 
  we also have bears , but i 've never heard of attacks on man , they only target livestock . 
  we have poisonous snakes , and ticks that carry a nasty disease . 
  [ you can actually use a shotgun at the range ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8hdhzecqq0 ), 
  if you guys hate me , you are very good at hiding it . 
  i 've always been well received in croatia , and i 've been visiting for 40 years . 
   i hope you 'll be one of them i hope you 'll reconsider your decision . 
  anyone willing to reinstate the megathread to start censoring immigration debates again is not fit to moderate / r/europe . 
  in italy public universities cost from $ 2,000 to $ 3,000 per year , but students coming from low income families pay reduced tuition fees . 
  the fight between the two factions starts at 3:18, 
  does hungary really have the means to implement this provision ? 
  btw , italy had the crime of `` illegal immigration '' until it was scrapped by the left in 2014 . 
  it was n't very effective anyway , because deportations were difficult to enforce ( and if i remember correctly , the law did n't impose any jail terms ), 
  there 's a conflict between the central government and some of the local authorities . 
  the government would like to spread the immigrants to small towns all over the country , but in the northern regions led by lega nord , a party with an anti-immigration stance , the mayors refuse to cooperate with the central authorities . 
  for example , in my small town we have a constant influx of afghans and pakistanis from the balkans and other parts of europe ( even the uk ) . 
  the regional government ( left ) would like to find an accommodation for them all , the town 's mayor ( right ) does n't cooperate , because he believes that this would attract even more immigrants . 
  so there 's no room for everybody and we have about 150 people sleeping in the woods around the town ( they were chased away from the city parks ) . 
  i was skeptical initially , but i 'm finding that sub more and more interesting . 
  probably that 's what the mods want : all immigration debates moved out of r/europe . 
  as far as i know cornuto is used as an insult , at least in sicily . 
  it 's not used at all in the north , though . 
  slovenia , austria , and parts of italy too . 
  it 's like celebrating christmas twice , it was great when i was a child . 
  we also have indigenous minorities : german-speaking south-tyroleans , slovenians in friuli-venezia giulia , french speakers in val d'aosta . 
  i 've just returned from barcelona and i could witness what the article describes . 
  the large crowds ( which i was a part of , of course ) and mass tourism are annoying for visitors and residents alike . 
  barcelona is a victim of its own success , not unlike venice , but it seemed to me that barcelona has long marketed itself as a mass tourism destination , the city of booze and party over the clock . 
  the results are not surprising . 
  i do n't know what they could do to prevent becoming a theme park , instead of a city : maybe offering tax rebates to the locals who want to move or open shops in the old city ? 
  steep fines for open drunkenness and uncivil behavior ? 
  ferragosto is a big deal in italy , with fireworks and all , so it 's not just limited to hotels . 
  to me spain looks like a developed version of southern italy . 
  the first [ lazaretto ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lazaretto ) or lazzaretto in italy was established in venice in 1423 ( incidentally , venice also gave the word `` ghetto '' to the world ) . 
  today there are still plenty of places in italian cities called `` lazzaretto '' , as a testimony of their former use as colonies for those affected by leprosy . 
  still , it does n't * sound * italian . 
  maybe spanish . 
  it sounds foreign to me , maybe because it does n't mean anything in italian . 
  i agree with everything you said , but this should make us even more susceptible to be attacked , given our vested interests in the middle east . 
  and in any case i doubt the italian secret service could have played an important role in preventing this attack in egypt . 
  why do you think italy should be safe from terrorism ? 
  our involvement in the iraq and afghanistan wars , for example , was quite substantial . 
  yes , but it 's not like tuscan was chosen as standard italian only in the 19th century . 
  it 's a process that started in the 13th century and tuscan has been the standard written italian ever since . 
  people however kept speaking their local languages until radio and tv broadcasts contributed to the knowledge standard italian all over the country . 
  define small . 
  i 'm looking forward to the full vat rate the business is n't going to pay to the government , plus a 20-25 % of the income tax savings i 'm helping to generate . 
  so , given that the vat rate in greece is 23 % ( may be lower on islands ) , and that the lowest income tax rate is 22 % , the minimum discount i 'd accept would be 23 % +0.20 * 22 % = 27.4 % . 
  but of course i 'm not going to engage in such calculations while sipping my ouzo on a greek beach , so maybe i 'd just suck it up and pay the full price . 
  asking for a receipt . 
  it depends : do i get a discount if i do n't ask for a receipt ? 
  if they want me to pay the full price and they 're not giving me a receipt , fuck them . 
  the receipt is used by the tax authorities to calculate the revenues generated by the business . 
  no receipts , no revenues . 
  i 'm skeptical too . 
  actually , i could n't sleep without air conditioning . 
  i do n't know , never been to south korea . 
  air drafts are notoriously deadly in italy . 
  and sleeping with the air conditioning on is akin to committing suicide . 
  you might also get a phone call from your grandmother . 
  come on , nobody gives a fuck . 
  til, 
  my bet is on schengen first . 
  in everyday speech we say `` olanda '' . 
  in formal occasions `` paesi bassi '' , but even then `` olandese '' is used for everything regarding the netherlands , its inhabitants and their language . 
   they decriminalised illegal immigration , did n't they ? 
  indeed they did . 
  and as long as the left is going to govern the country , this is not going to change . 
  the catholic church also plays a relevant role in this , along with many other organizations , both legitimate and criminal , that profit from this situation . 
  when we were more stringent in our immigration controls , in 2009 , we were criticized and eventually fined for sending immigrants back to africa . 
  the anti-immigration law was one of the first to be scrapped as soon as berlusconi lost power , and the subsequent governments have been all heavily pro-immigration . 
  now they realize they ca n't control the flow , so they are quietly allowing the immigrants to leave italy . 
  at the same time , we are also receiving a considerable flow of afghans claiming refugee status , and they do n't certainly land in sicily , so there are other eu countries dumping them on us . 
  i think that this crisis will soon lead to the end of the schengen treaty and to new border controls . 
  flairs are just clutter , they do n't provide any additional information that ca n't be inferred by the title of the submission . 
  personally , i 'd get rid of them . 
  raw , with a few drops of lemon juice . 
  the percentages for italy are a bit surprising ( to me ) . 
  i did n't realize we were so off the chart when compared to other european countries . 
  we attribute apotropaic proprieties to iron objects instead . 
  and testicles . 
   is there anyone in europe who does n't knock on wood for luck ? 
  italians . 
   people continued to refer to the country incorrectly as czechoslovakia just last week i overheard a guy at the post office who wanted to buy a stamp to send a letter to `` czechoslovakia '' . 
  old habits die hard . 
  bulgakov and dostoyevsky are my favorite russian writers . 
  i confess however that i tried and failed to read tolstoj 's `` war and peace '' several times . 
  i love russian classical composers too , and i often listen to stravinsky , rimsky-korsakov , borodin , khachaturian , prokofiev , mussorgsky , tchaikovsky , etc. 
  til we have europe day in italy . 
  well , we receive a sizable share of irregular immigrants from afghanistan and pakistan who manage to enter the eu via bulgaria without being stopped or identified , so we ca n't be the only ones adopting this policy . 
  [ caparezza - fuori dal tunnel ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jx8ghxm-hca ), 
  personally , i 've never had to bribe anyone to get things done , if that 's what you mean . 
  maybe . 
  i would n't consider it either , i 'm not particularly interested in the g36 . 
  personally , i prefer old-style bolt-action rifles , and i 've shot thousands of rounds with my mausers . 
  but some like to shoot semi-auto rifles , and are ready to pay good money for them . 
  rifles are fun to shoot . 
  the prosecutors could n't prove that berlusconi knew the prostitute was under age . 
  to be honest , she looked much older than her age . 
  moreover , the court ruled that he did n't `` force '' the police to release her when she was arrested .
