   owning a car . 
  in most eu countries it is unusual to have your own car until you 're with kids ; before then if you need your car your work will either lease you one or pay you extra for your car expenses . 
  you wo n't use your car too much for personal stuff . 
  i think it depends on the country . 
  i 've been owning a car since i was 18 , and i could n't go to work or bring my children at school without it . 
  children in italy often do celebrate halloween , influenced by american tv series and cartoons . 
  for many of them it 's become the most loved holiday of the year ( source : my children ) , so i think it 'll become mainstream when they grow up and will have children of their own . 
  we get something similar in trieste , italy , when the `` bora '' wind blows : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xm2lkey_voa, 
  must be because of those delicious kobarid \u0161truklji . 
  sorry i 'm not a sport fan and english is n't my first language . 
  indeed , who would expect that soccer is the most popular sport in calcio-obsessed italy !, 
  soccer , basketball , cycling . 
  i 'd just add that private security guards in uniform in italy usually carry their guns openly . 
  if you 're in civilian clothing instead the gun should be concealed . 
  1 ) never had any negative feelings . 
  i 've travelled to the us several times , and i still do n't have negative feelings  2 ) over the years i 've travelled to large cities ( nyc , la , san francisco , philadelphia , washington dc , boston , denver , new orleans , las vegas ) , to small towns ( in pennsylvania and colorado ) , and to natural parks in utah , colorado , and arizona . 
  3 ) i 'm not annoyed at all and , being italian , that something i get a lot when i 'm in the us . 
  i like the fact that people are curious and even proud about their ancestry . 
  4 ) first time in europe ? 
  paris , prague , and venice . 
  and in new mexico . 
  by what some italians who were born and raised in south tyrol told me , they are in a similar situation : they had to learn german at school of course , but they were n't confident enough to hold a conversation in german . 
  the separation between the two ethnicities is real and i think it has served politicians on both sides well , but not the population . 
  i also met some german speaking south tyroleans who went to the university in other italian regions , instead of going to innsbruck or elsewhere in austria , to better learn italian and to get out of a social environment they considered small and asphyxiating . 
  weird , romania is an important destination for italian hunters , do n't romanians hunt ? 
  maybe since there is such a social stigma attached to gun ownership people are n't likely to disclose they have guns . 
  i have exactly the same windows at home . 
  i think they are not pushing as hard as they could : they do n't sell many semiauto rifles , so they have a limited interest in the ban ( the directive never really covered handguns ) . 
  instead , they sell a lot in the usa , to the military , and to law enforcement agencies ( this is especially true for beretta ) . 
  if they want to keep those profitable orders coming , they often need to back restrictions imposed by the government to civilian gun owners . 
  we won a battle , but not the war . 
  we must keep lobbying the meps and sending letters . 
  what saddens me , but does not surprise me , is that the italian government strongly supports these restrictions , but only behind closed doors in bruxelles . 
  they want a restrictive legislation from the eu in order to to tighten the rules here , but they do not want to spend their political capital by proposing anti-gun laws themselves , at the national level . 
  i really hope they go down in flames , along with the eu gun ban . 
  15 - ** venice has no sewer system . 
  ** household waste flows into the canals and is washed out into the adriatic sea twice a day with the tides . 
  contrary to what most redditors claim , i have never experienced any foul smell in venice , and i have visited dozens of times , in all weather conditions . 
  in others by san nicol\u00f2 ( st. nicholas ) on december 6th . 
  thanks . 
  such as ... ? 
  how would an eu ban affect norway ? 
  at least in italy , governments do n't have enough political capital to introduce a gun ban . 
  the only way to do it would be by saying `` the eu made us do it !, 
  this is exactly why the commission 's plans must be stopped . 
  they are desperate to sell this to the general public as a result of their anti-terrorism efforts . 
  the good thing is that with this proposed directive they managed to breathe life into an [ eu gun lobby ] ( http://www.gunsweek.com/en/events/articles/against-eu-gun-ban-firearms-united-conference-european-parliament ) . 
  proud to be called a lobbyist and proud to donate to our gun rights organization , it 's money well spent . 
  not going to happen . 
  i 'm the 1 % ( italian r1a ) . 
  more than their sample size , i was more impressed by the implication that cretans are not human . 
   the researchers then compared and contrasted the new dna samples with previously reported data from 332 other ancient individuals , 2,614 present-day humans , ** and two present-day cretans . 
  ** i know cretans are a proud lot , but i did n't realize they are considered a completely different species ... 
  [ ucio pamperle ] ( http://www.informatrieste.eu/articoli/fp-content/images/carta_identita_elettronica_triestina.jpg ) from trieste . 
  til i give $ 19.89 to french farmers . 
  it looks like i 'm paying that french goat cheese i love twice . 
  also , poland . 
  i do n't know how the author can make such generalizations , some germans apparently like to eat frugally , others do n't . 
  my personal experience in berlin was very different , but i do n't claim it represents the norm . 
  my german friends invited me to a barbecue so rich that i still remember it after many years , and then , the morning after , they offered me a lavish breakfast at the reichstag rooftop restaurant . 
  italy has issues with building mosques too , every proposal is met with protests and controversies . 
  i have no idea of what the age of consent is in my country , so i guess it 'd be just right . 
  vat on sales is cashed in by companies and then transferred to the state , net of vat paid on purchases of goods and services . 
  if i understand correctly , you 're implying that if suddenly there was no vat , a company could still sell its products at the same price , reaping an extra profit of 20 % , instead of turning 20 % of its sales to the state . 
  it 's a good point , i 've never thought about it in these terms . 
  however , many expenses would also be higher , because the vat paid on them would not be deductible anymore . 
  so the net effect on profits would be in any case lower than 20 % . 
  having said that , i still do n't see how an increase in vat could affect company profits , unless you consider the depressive effects on sale volumes , due to the price increase . 
  in this case the firm would end up paying less income tax , which could be detrimental to the state . 
  you do n't get it , vat is n't a cost for companies and it does n't affect their bottom line . 
  it 's not reported in their income statements at all . 
  vat only affects end users , i.e. 
  i see your point , but i think you 're reading too much in my comment . 
  first of all , i 've never mentioned croatian nazis ( my family blames yugoslav communists instead ) , nor did i imply that all croatians were criminals . 
  i do n't see how mentioning an historical event that affected my family directly can perpetuate any `` old-fashioned behavior '' . 
  secondly , i 'm sincerely happy that croatia joins the eu : i live very close , i visit frequently , i 've been vacationing there for 35 years now , i have professional ties in croatia , i believe that eu enlargement will bring stability and other benefits to the area , and possibly economic growth to the part of italy where i live . 
  my point was that this benevolent attitude towards the eu enlargement to croatia is not commonly found among those italians whose families were forced to flee from there after wwii , a considerable portion of today 's population in north-eastern italy . 
  the article never says that mafiosi are macho aristocrats . 
  however , tomasi di lampedusa was definetely an aristocrat , but i would n't call him `` macho '' . 
  poorly researched article indeed . 
  a 3-hour long lunch break , to be precise . 
  the milanese flee the city in droves on weekends . 
  i think that the market for physical travel agencies still exists in italy because of the lower propensity to online purchases , when compared to other eu countries . 
  people who own credit cards and use them for online purchases are still a minority here . 
  i 'm enthusiastic , even if in theory i should n't be , because my family was forced to flee , leaving its houses and fields behind after wwii . 
  but it 's an old story and newer generations need to move forward . 
  we ca n't possibly leave croatia out of the eu , given the fact that we accepted other members that were in a poorer shape than croatia is now . 
  its economy is also almost fully `` euroized '' ( at least bank deposits are ) . 
  i 'd also welcome all the other balkan countries , when they 're ready . 
  i 'm a bit skeptical about albania , but it 's a small country and i think we can afford to take it in , if they want to join . 
  what we can not afford are large , poor countries , such as ukraine , belarus , and turkey . 
  i 've been asking myself this question for years and people just though i was nuts . 
  my realization is that there are a lot of people who do n't follow `` regular '' office hours ( teachers , stay at home wives , police officers , retired persons , etc. ), 
  and the the system suits them well . 
  this is one of the reasons i started using online services extensively in the last decade . 
  what irritates me the most are travel agencies , which where i live ( italy ) are closed on saturdays : what kind of logic makes them think it is a good idea to close a business that deals with spending one 's leisure time on the very day of the week when most office workers are free from work ? 
  i 'm a foot soldier of fiscal conservatism . 
  reporting for duty !, 
  no problem at all . 
  i agree , as long as the original poster is not perceived to be an illegal african immigrant , he 'll be well received in italy .
