  when they stop you in italy they always ask for your license and registration , because they need to record your data , so it takes 5-10 minutes at least . 
  i can already imagine the titles of right-wing newspapers in italy : `` the eu is sending the so called refugees on a luxury cruise at the taxpayers ' expense '' . 
  they 'll have a field day . 
   the debt is n't going to increase that much in the coming years . 
  how do you know it ? 
  the debt/gdp ratio can barely decrease if gdp keeps shrinking , or growing at percentages worth of a statistical error . 
   but italy has a low share of public debt held by non-residents meaning that italy can default on its internal debt without harming external creditors , screwing its own citizens  and the country 's national wealth is four times larger than its public debt meaning that italy can tax that wealth to its pleasure to service the debt , screwing its citizens , again . 
  personally , i would n't touch an italian government bond with a barge pole and i 'd move most of my savings out of the italian banking system . 
  surprisingly , booze is cheaper in italy than in slovenia . 
  does slovenia levy high taxes on alcohol ? 
  i do n't even need a car to go to slovenia from my home , i could just walk . 
  but that would defeat the purpose of my visit , that is to fill up my car and dine out with friends . 
  i suspect many italians do n't know that either . 
  then they would become our problem , as they were in 2011-2014 , when nobody in the eu cared . 
  the data do n't just include young people 's salaries . 
  and executives in italy earn much more than 2,000 euros per month . 
  i knew it . 
  reddit is a big , fat , lie . 
  i 've never met a computer scientist either , but i do n't doubt they exist . 
  it depends on your social circles . 
  totalitarian regimes do n't like private gun ownership . 
  democratic governments instead should n't be scared of their own citizens , but sadly this is not the case in europe , given the recent eu initiative to counteract terrorism by banning private ownership of semiautomatic rifles . 
  exactly , it 's not a gun owners/population ratio . 
  most gun enthusiasts own more than one gun ( well , at least i do , and so do most of the people i meet at the gun range ) . 
  i use them in italy . 
  i 'd never go to a sauna that required a swimsuit , but i guess it must be another of our regional differences . 
  it 's palude in italian , padule is a regionalism ( never heard anyone say padule , btw ) . 
  http://www.aibesvenezia.it/wp-content/uploads/logo-forst-cmyk.jpg ( it 's an italian brand though ), 
  are you really surprised that organized criminals have guns ? 
  it 's not just tourism , the visa waiver program applies to business visitors too . 
  shit , just now that i 've earned my `` trusted visitor '' status . 
  as difficult as getting a driving license , but less expensive . 
  provided you have a clean legal record , of course . 
   i could n't handle the stress to wake up every morning , watching my children go to school , and imagine some retard breaking in with an assault rifle and shooting everything on sight . 
  i do n't get it , did you miss what happened in paris in november ? 
  do you think strict gun laws are protecting you and your children right now ? 
  our gun laws were issued in 1975 , when political terrorism was paramount . 
  that is why there are limits especially on the number of handguns and handgun rounds you can have , while you can have as many hunting guns as your bank account allows . 
  and , just fyi , there is no mandatory psychiatric evaluation for issuing gun licenses in italy : all i had to to do to get mine was a medical examination where they checked my eyesight , and a certificate from my doctor stating that i do n't suffer from any mental illness and that i do n't abuse alcohol or drugs . 
  gun control in europe does n't keep guns away from criminals ( as you should well know , since you have an italian flair ) . 
  it is more aimed at preventing random shootings ( in schools , road rage , family feuds , etc. ), 
  by making sure legitimate gun owners are all reliable and controlled . 
  of course the system works as long as the citizens trust their government to protect them against violent criminals . 
  criminals do n't buy guns from legal dealers in austria or the czech republic . 
  there is a traffic of unregistered weapons , mainly from the balkans , often full auto firearms ( illegal by default in the eu ) that has nothing to do with how strict or lax gun laws in different eu countries are . 
  there is also the issue of legal guns stolen from their legitimate owners and trafficked , that is why most countries require to store them safely at home . 
  so far , never . 
  what are the other gas-based weapons that are legal ? 
  a previous version of my message had a link to a facebook page and it was removed . 
  so i decided to stay on the safe side this time . 
  look , i 'm not saying that everyone must carry pepper spray , or let alone guns . 
  if banning pepper spray works for you in denmark , good for you , and i do n't have any problems in believing it , having visited your country several times . 
  what i 'm saying is that you ca n't simply brush security issues off by saying that you 've never needed to defend yourself . 
  man who 's rarely the target of unwanted attention . 
  yet i understand how many people , especially young women , may feel the need of carrying some sort of self-defense means . 
  my pre-adolescent daughter will carry pepper spray with her when she 'll be older , and i 'm happy she can do it without breaking any law . 
  i do n't need any excuse other than my personal safety to own a fire extinguisher or pepper spray . 
  i even have what you 'd call an `` assualt '' rifle , since you mention it , although i prefer my handguns for home defense . 
  i 've never needed a fire extinguisher either , but i keep one at home anyway . 
  legal status of pepper spray : nl , be , lu , gr , dk , no , is , uk , ie : forbidden se , fi , pt : only with licence de , fr , ch , at , pl , sk , cz , it : allowed source : firearms united f a c e b o o k page , that i can not link here . 
  italian characters with an italian accent in american movies normally get a spanish accent in italian dubbings . 
  italian-american mobsters instead get a sicilian accent . 
  yes . 
  is the south that bad ? 
  if i 'm not mistaken , italian civil servants by law ca n't accept gifts worth more than $ 50 . 
  where are you from ? 
  i 've never bribed anyone in my life and i 'm doing just fine in italy . 
  i live in the north and the dialect is our everyday language . 
  but i 'm talking about trieste , so in the other cities it may be different . 
  dialects . 
  there are sometimes subtititles when they interview people speaking in a dialect . 
  and i needed subtitles to understand the tv series `` gomorra '' , where the actors spoke the neapolitan dialect . 
  in everyday language however we say olanda , and you are all `` olandesi '' to us . 
  people do n't normally wear shoes in their own home , but it is impolite to ask guests to remove theirs . 
  so is your arrogance , since you are the one who wrote this bullshit :  here you must actually have a reason to own a gun ( like you live in dangerous place , you got robbed 5 times ) not to get them for fun shooting and treating them like toys . 
  hopefully the proposed ban on b7 firearms wo n't pass : http://www.dw.com/en/german-shooting-clubs-lobby-against-eu-gun-control/a-18933020, 
  but you can buy guns more easily than in other eu countries . 
  so no sport shooting in croatia ? 
  that 's sad . 
  from 11 to 13 the foreign languages you study depend on your region : my daughters are currently studying english and german , for instance ( in friuli venezia giulia ) . 
  i get barely questioned too when i enter the us under the visa waiver program . 
  and i do n't get questioned at all since i 've started using the automatic `` global entry '' kiosks . 
  the fact that the planes are assembled in italy , employing italian workforce , was one of the selling points of the f-35 program , that faced strong criticism here because of its cost . 
  who says those are n't shotguns ? 
  in any case it 's just a matter of a missing document , nothing to do with terrorism or black markets . 
  i agree that it wo n't make any difference in terms of security . 
  but it will change a lot for many europeans like me who own and shoot semiautomatic rifles , when they 'll be declared illegal . 
  this has nothing to do with terrorism , it 's just a fig leaf they use to cover their real intentions : completely banning guns in europe . 
  the eu commission has been working on this for some time now , starting when cecilia malmstr\u00f6m was european commissioner for home affairs . 
  it will harm honest gun owners and collectors who invested thousands of $ in semiauto rifles , without adding any security benefit to the general population . 
  i 'd like to know how they intend to curb illegal trafficking of firearms by seizing and destroying * my * rifles . 
  i 've had a car well before i had kids . 
  but i probably live in a lower population density area than you do . 
  i also tend to drive everywhere as a habit : over the years i went to amsterdam , copenhagen , berlin , prague , vienna , bratislava ... always by car . 
  how do you call football in your language ? 
  we call it `` calcio '' . 
  i 'm in the us right now and meal portions are just about right  tipping is confusing , however , and we foreigners often fear we 're doing something wrong and offending someone . 
  for this reason i think i tend to overtip a little . 
  which part of `` i 've been owning a car since i was 18 '' did you miss ? 
  i learned about it on reddit , it 's not well known in italy .
