the funny thing is that exactly this kind of overreacting and misinformation allowed pis to win elections . 
  i 'm starting to think that they really want to support pis even further , it can not be explained otherwise  . 
  he does not babble , he have very coherent views that he did n't change for decades , and which should be respected because he backed them up very strongly with many articles and books . 
  entertaining is his presentation of those . 
  well you need to decide now , clown can not be predictable , if he would - he would n't be entertaining . 
  because i think that what he is saying can be interesting and at worst is entertaining . 
  why are you insulting other people ? 
  polish mep janusz korwin-mikke voice during debate . 
  source : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfglbj6iasg ( polish ) my rough translation : `` thank you , mr chairman . 
  i 'm not a democrat , i hate democracy , i despise democracy , but you are democrats !, 
  in this case acknowledge that polish people , legally and democratically , elected pis . 
  did you want democracy ? 
  so you have it . 
  democracy is a tyranny of majority , so pis having a support of majority , will be doing whatever it want . 
  if you think that pis is a very bad party - then i agree , but think how bad had to be previous government !, 
  what a huge corruption , thievery , contempt for a common man , suppression of freedom of speech ( which i 'm personally experiencing ) had to be , so the tortured polish nation elected pis as the only party , which gave it a hope that previous rulers will end in prisons , where is their place . 
  and besides of that , i think that european union has to be destroyed . '', 
  lol , that was the last place i was looking at  _ < . 
  thanks !, 
  could you help me find it , please ? 
  i must have missed that . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i think meaning and usage is pretty much the same as in english language . 
  in poland as many people were confused by this usage at first but he explained many times why he is using it and what he mean . 
  he is also a publicist specialized in intellectual provocations  . 
  well , this is theory of those whose iq is lower than vegetables . 
  he never said this . 
  i do n't know anyone with iq higher than vegetable that would call him an idiot . 
  many people disagree with him or call him crazy , but no one of who i know , call him an idiot . 
  he called martin schulz , not \u00d6ttinger . 
  also by `` national socialist '' he means literally nationalist and socialist and not a historical nazi . 
  he uses this confusing term for entertaining purposes . 
  well , frankly i do n't believe them at all  , i did n't try to imply that they are totally clean , they are certainly crazy in their own way but their propaganda always lacked range and influence , which is exemplified in oettinger comments , and they really had to f * cked up to lose this elections . 
  i 'm not telling that all what was telling previous government against pis was false , but are you denying that they went overboard with some claims , which increased number of sympathizers of pis ? 
  i know many publicists who was defending pis even they did n't agree with it , just because the charges was too ridiculous , like ziemkiewicz to name the most influential one . 
  it was also basically proved that po was using political marketing specialists , specialized in framing political opponents , the fact quite disgusting by itself . 
  i 'm commenting only their political marketing here . 
  we can say one for sure - they really specialized in exposing double standards because of hell they went through in their own country , which may have interesting consequences  . 
  also one more thing - indeed it seems like ziobro instead of defending himself , is just going through route `` they were worse '' - this can be explained by what i wrote above . 
  basically the whole political debate in poland , was based on fear , you can not defend yourself against all ridiculous charges everyone is throwing at you at all times . 
  that 's why pis , when it was still in opposition - changed strategy to attacking back and exposing double standards . 
  this was really cartoonishly funny , because they both was debating only `` who is worse '' which was represented perfectly by hilarious presidential debate during presidential elections earlier this year  . 
  the `` double standards '' were clearly visible in `` government-media '' and they ware trying to expose it at all times . 
  now they carried away this mentality of victim outside of the country - unfortunately . 
  ** added : ** this is also why they started their work from the ~ ~ press ~ ~ media law . 
  basically new government got credibility because previous government lost all credibility . 
  i personally believe that we will see some good and bad things coming from its reign , but what is more important and interesting is under-representation of this side of story . 
  in poland division between different media/newspaper etc is really extreme , like most of them was pro-gov or anti-gov and both were telling only their side of story - to the really , really cartoonish extremes . 
  there is like no honesty at all with some minor exceptions . 
  i stopped reading/watching them at all because of that . 
  previous gov based all its political marketing on fueling fear towards opposition - to the extreme , and this story went outside the country - because it was `` official '' , and this is what the whole hate towards pis comes from . 
  if now it will be just like we had it before internally - we will see some really ridiculous charges against pis . 
  fortunately i see that outside our borders , many people are as much confused at fierce attacks on this government as its electorate . 
  i personally did n't vote for them , but i 'm not too afraid of them , we just need to get our shit together and start looking at it realistically . 
  i 'm not pro or anti of this government , but i must say that i really hate this propaganda based on dehumanizing of opposition which previous gov was promoting . 
  this is one of the reasons of overturn - it got too ridiculous . 
  that is because left and right have ideas and do care . 
  common voter does n't have a clue about economics or anything really , when democracy is falling with visible arrogance of political class he just want someone who actually care , and this is either far `` right '' or far `` left '' ( using here common description of those ideas , but personally i hate this division ) . 
  yeah , because nazi raise to power improved situation in germany in short-term , and common voter can see only short term consequences of everything . 
  however there are also examples of authoritarian governments which improved situation legitimately and in long-term . 
  i was n't implying that all authoritarian governments are always good - only that it is merely a result of something often equally bad , that is often forgotten . 
  authoritarianism is just addressing issues that can not be resolved by democratic government because of whatever reasons . 
  if it appears in the place of democracy - this democracy must fall by itself to make space for it . 
  funny thing is that many `` liberal activists '' are first to criticize authoritarianism but last in trying to fix democracy before its collapse . 
  common sense for typical human being is that the form of government is n't so important as every day life we are living , yet `` democracy ideologists '' seems to think the opposite . 
  if there is corruption , lawful thievery , and deteriorating economy - it is not such a big deal , but when the democracy finally falls its like `` oh no !, 
  now we are falling ! '', 
  my intention was n't to praise current polish government , from which i 'm pretty far - but just to indicate why this outcry will not be understood , and wo n't help in anything , until people stop criticizing forms of government , and focus on commenting on real people every day lives , which are bigger deal than democracy itself . 
  `` it 's not a crisis , it 's a result '' [ stefan kisielewski ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stefan_kisielewski ), 
  so basically , eu commisioner g\u00fcnther oettinger started with this : http://www.politico.eu/article/oettinger-warns-poland-over-new-media-law-rule-of-law-mechanism/ and polish minister of justice , zbigniew ziobrio responded with open letter : http://www.wprost.pl/ar/529053/gdzie-pan-byl-kiedy-agenci-sluzb-specjalnych-wdarli-sie-do-redakcji-wprost-zbigniew-ziobro-pisze-list-otwarty-do-komisarza-ue-gnthera-oettingera/ there are some references to polish internal events which caused raise to power of new government in poland , which should be interesting for some , because as i wrote once `` it 's not a crisis , it 's a result '' and both sides deserve to be listened . 
  below is my rough free translation , sorry for mistakes , i hope it will be readeable enough . 
   dear commissioner ,   i do not have the habit of responding to unwise comments about poland coming from foreign politicians , because they are telling about them . 
  however i was provoked by what you did n't tell , and what i expected from you - as from commissionaire . 
    public opinion in germany , and also in poland , was shocked by mass sexual attacks on females , which happened during nye in german cities . 
  events which raise concern , also about safety of polish people staying in germany , were hidden for few days by german media . 
  former german interior minister hans-peter friedrich even called it `` the cartel of silence '' . 
  censoring of this information by the german media dumbfounded public opinion in the world . 
  i waited in vain for a strong reaction from you at such a flagrant violation of citizens ' right to information . 
  i came to the unpleasant conclusion that it 's easier for you to talk about fictitious threats to media freedom in other countries , rather than condemn censorship in your own homeland . 
    mr oettinger ,   a week ago , in an interview for `` frankfurter allgemeine sonntagszeitung '' you criticized actions of democratically elected polish parliament and government , which is going to restore the objectivity and independence of the public media in poland . 
  you demanded to put poland under supervision . 
    this kind of words , spoken by a german politician have worst connotations among poles . 
  also , me . 
  i am the grandson of a polish officer who , during world war ii fought in the underground home army with the `` german supervision . '', 
    dear commissioner ,   where you have been when in june 2014 . agents of special forces stormed the editorial office of one of the biggest weeklies in poland `` wprost '' and tried to tore from its editor-in-chief , his laptop with recordings compromising the previous government , headed by the current head of european council - donald tusk ?!, 
  in your own country , similar assault of editorial office , of the weekly `` der spiegel '' in 1962 was a huge scandal and led to the collapse of the government . 
    why escaped your mind the fact , which was covered by all polish media , that more than 80 polish journalists and lawyers who dealt with the matter of this compromising tapes , were bugged ?!, 
  the secret services have used undercover operatives for surveillance of independent media . 
    will you find an excuse for dismissing of half thousand employees , of the polish television , and forcing them to work in the outer company , in humiliating conditions , which happened during a reign of po-psl ?!, 
  these parties are still your coalition partners , in the epp group , in the european parliament . 
  an introduction to the mass purges in public television was the removing of several dozen independent journalists , shortly after previous government took the power . 
    how do you assess the fact that the previous government , caused the dismissal of the editor-in-chief and journalists of the independent , influential , daily newspaper `` rzeczpospolita '' and weekly `` uwa\u017cam rze '' ? 
  most of the shares that government had of those companies , was passed into the hands of the friendly businessman . 
  dismissals were a consequence of a single article , which put into question the government investigation of plane crash in smolensk , which killed polish president coming from the opposite political camp . 
    why are you silent when the german-swiss publisher ringier axel springer , owner of several media in poland , including `` newsweek '' , in a dramatic way denies press independence , and openly supports protests aimed against democratically elected polish parliament and government ?!, 
  the authorities of this foreign company approved the behavior of the chief editor of `` newsweek '' tomasz lis , who came out of the role of a journalist , and during street demonstrations fueled anti-government speech . 
  would you be silent if the head of the largest german weekly `` der spiegel '' klaus brinkb\u00e4umer demonstrated in the center of berlin , demanding the removal , by mass protests , the government of angela merkel ?!, 
    dear commissioner ,   in your country , germany , there is a saying : `` cuius regions - eius radio , '' which means `` who have power - have a radio '' it boils down to a simple principle that heads of public radio and television are appointed by politicians currently exercising power . 
  the media act , which being worked on by polish government , provides a much more democratic solution . 
  it assumes that the national media council will be elected by the president and both houses of parliament .
