  slaves had gained some basic rights like being protected from unjust mistreatment , while freeing old slaves was restricted ( patricians frequently freed old unproductive slaves to remove their maintenance burden ) . 
  ok , you win . 
  this is the shittiest list i have seen in my life . 
  is n't the end result that counts ? 
  sure our buildings wo n't last thousands of years , but that 's because we can tell more or less when the constructions will fail , so we allocate an optimal budget based on how much we plan them to last . 
  in the past they had to make them as strong as possible because they lacked the physics necessary to do the same thing . 
  if melania was the president it would have been weird as fuck . 
  our shitty concrete with rebar is 100 times stronger than their fancy volcanic ash concrete though . 
  why bother with reformation ? 
  why not just get rid of the whole thing ? 
  the reformation made sense 500 years ago , the 21st century should be about abolition . 
  it still is too small in capacity , 350 people or so . 
  it 's hardly going to make a difference . 
  i mean you either make it or you do n't . 
  i agree , i just do n't want us taking the high ground when stuff like that happens . 
  if people leaving bacon in mosques in the uk go to jail , then i do n't see why pussy-riot should be treated any different . 
  hate speech is the leftist equivalent of rightwing blasphemy laws after all . 
   - have you got anything without islam ? 
   - well , there 's liberal islam , that 's not got much islam in it . 
   - i do n't want any islam . 
  we already do so . 
  do you know how much co2 dutch cows fart ? 
  it 's a fucking cowspiracy !, 
  leave my ac alone !, 
  meh , i 'd rather pay 200 $ a month for ac thank you . 
  if they do n't act on their hate they still should n't be prosecuted . 
  if they have illegal guns and do n't pay taxes , prosecute them for illegal ammunition possession and tax fraud , not for imaginary crimes . 
  even if you justify persecution of `` hate speech '' , what were the raids for ? 
  why did n't the government just sue them ? 
  if this is not the government terrorizing their own citizens for disagreeing , then i do n't know what is . 
  despicable . 
  it is for selfish homosexuals . 
  in other news , a vegan opens a kebab shop . 
  well yes , i meant if for example a tsunami struck the ganges delta in bangladesh , that 's how many dead people you 'd expect . 
  edit : the 2004 indian ocean tsunami killed 230-280k people , so i was close . 
  actually the proper name for the hourglass is clepsamia ( \u03ba\u03bb\u03b5\u03c8-\u03b1\u03bc\u03bc\u03af\u03b1 ) which means `` sand thief '' or more commonly known as amorologion ( \u03b1\u03bc\u03bc\u03c9\u03c1\u03bf\u03bb\u03cc\u03b3\u03b9\u03bf\u03bd ) which means `` sand-timekeeper '' . 
  clepsydra ( \u03ba\u03bb\u03b5\u03c8-\u03cd\u03b4\u03c1\u03b1 ) which means `` water thief '' was a water-clock invented in china and the near east ( possibly independently ) and predates the hourglass by thousands of years . 
  for some reason the old time-keeping name stuck instead of the proper one . 
  4 casualties in greenland equal 400,000 casualties in india . 
  it 's an act of terrorism on terrorism that is going to cause even more terrorism . 
  you clearly have no understanding of greek politics . 
  the real deal is hiring pro-syriza workers in the port in exchange for certain favors . 
  the same thing were to happen in the german airports , but the german state company refused . 
  during the bidding negotiations syriza cared less about the amount of the bid and more about infesting the privatized companies with `` extended nepotism '' . 
  and why should we care about the bid amount when 100 % of it goes directly to paying off the debt anyway ? 
  germany forced us to do privatizations , so they can shut up about it . 
  gib euromoniez if you wantz humanz rightz . 
  nope , not buying that at all . 
  it 's the whole modern institutional feminism that is the problem . 
  if that was n't the case , legislation such as this would n't pass and would be actively opposed by the majority of feminists . 
  instead of this ridiculous lunacy being laughed off , it is actually being taken seriously . 
  for fuck 's sake . 
  it 's not a matter of a `` loud minority '' when we are talking about legislation . 
  stupid people complaining would n't be a problem if they were n't being taken seriously by the media , the police and the government , but guess what , they are . 
  modern feminism is pure cancer . 
  ftfy, 
  the point is that instead of women conforming to the roles of the military , they have gotten various concessions that men do n't have . 
  women getting pregnant to avoid deployment is n't uncommon in the usa . 
  this is n't a career you can abstain from for long periods of time , it comes with certain sacrifices . 
  motivation is a tool to help you succeed , it 's not a goal . 
  the physical test is primarily a liability test . 
  the better you perform , the lower the chance of injury / death during deployment . 
  you could send untrained men and women to the battlefield , but the vast majority would die . 
  the requirements being so low means that there is an increased risk of mission failure / casualties . 
  the sad part is that women can do much better than this . 
  it 's literally treating them as if they are handicapped . 
  and i say that as someone who believes that only a tiny minority of women deserve to be in the army . 
  instead of women working hard to meet the military standards , they have the whole institution cater to them as if they were children . 
  `` equality '' . 
  should i have to go to jail for downvoting you ? 
  grow the fuck up . 
  this is so fucking retarded . 
  we already have too many farmers though . 
  12.6 % of the labor force are farmers , while agriculture is only 3.9 % of the gdp . 
  people returning back to farming is going to be catastrophic . 
  fuck hans and his fancy cars !, 
  ugly , but awesome . 
  they will be phased out gradually . 
  choosing a sustainable energy plan :  1 ) renewables that work and are profitable today . 
   2 ) fusion that might work sometime within the next decades after spending billions of euros on r&d . tough choice . 
  when we are talking about big language families it kinda does . 
  hungarians and basques are more likely to have some level of ancestry to european natives who lived there prior to the caucasians . 
  did that old dude say kalimehraba ? 
  the hungarian language is uralic and not indo-european so it makes some sense . 
  negligent infanticide . 
  we like to whine a lot . 
  why not typewriters and punch cards ? 
  they ca n't be hacked !, 
   the self driving cars are already cruising around here in the netherlands , and in michigan as well , we 're on the frontier of massive changes in the labor market . 
  and they are doing so on computers comparable to the brainpower of a few cockroaches . 
  people really underestimate the power of exponential progress . 
  even under a stagnating moore 's law the things we are going to witness within the next couple of decades are unparalleled . 
  you could have been an atheist ever since epicurus . 
  philosophy had already made atheism possible , science made it the only game in town . 
  the thing is the definition of healthy weight has changed . 
  a kid mocked of being fat 50 years ago would qualify as normal weight today . 
  as for women ... https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2015/06/12/look-at-how-much-weight-weve-gained-since-the-1960s/?utm_term=.4098b4ae89da, 
  is this fatpeoplehate ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urghmw1u7mm you do n't really need a study though . 
  if women were as capable they would have been far more common in warfare throughout history .
