  creating nation-states from multi-cultural empires is tough and brutal . 
  who would have thought ? 
  cruise ships were used as temporary shelter after the earthquake of kefalonia in 2014 . 
  my point is that when a free trade agreement talks extensively about tariffs and quantities , like most free trade agreements do , it is not exactly `` free '' trade . 
  when a free trade agreement is a hundred pages long instead of a couple of pages long , it is not really a free trade agreement . 
  war declaration to the austro-hungarian empire ? 
  party like it 's 1914 . 
  turkey is our top exporting partner . 
  about 10.5 % of our exports go to turkey . 
  that would be suicide . 
   greece has aproximately 1.300.000 farmers . 
  greece does n't have 1.3 million farmers . 
  it has 1.3 million people insured to the farmers ' social security fund which also insures non-farmers . 
  these are actual real subs . 
  reddit never disappoints . 
   futurists were saying the same thing in the 1970s , predicting a new ` leisure society ' in the 90s and early 00s where we 'd all work two days and take five days off . 
  they definitely were n't wrong that it would happen , only on when it would happen . 
  migration is n't the problem , gentrification and high property prices are . 
  just build more housing . 
   do you support the farmers ? 
  definitely not , the farmers should not be allowed to blockade the borders . 
  however , i find that counter-blockades are even more pointless . 
  they are just mad about greek farmers blockading the borders . 
  nothing to see here . 
  +1 acceleration +1 maximum speed +1 traffic light evasion, 
  free speech should have absolutely no limits . 
  racists and bigots should not be arrested , they will be ridiculed and marginalized by critical thinkers . 
   i fucking hate this legislation . 
  it was written in 2003 before social media was a thing , and really is n't fit for purpose any more . 
  classifying twitter and facebook posts as oral and not written speech is what needs to be done . 
  i find that as we age we look more alike . 
  it is really hard to tell the difference between greek and turk older folks . 
  younger people not so much . 
  greece has a successfully integrated muslim pomak community in western thrace , there are several mosques there . 
  there are also various old mosques in many small towns . 
  there is no mosque in athens , as it never had any substantial muslim population . 
  athens was only a small village during the ottoman times , so it makes sense . 
  currently , there are many illegal mosques that are operated by illegal immigrants . 
  there is an outcry to build a mosque in athens , but most people naturally do n't want it to be constructed with state funds . 
  what i find weird is that saudi arabia has n't attempted to build a mosque in athens , like they do in most of europe . 
   it could potentially affect our tourism ( many tourists visit multiple eu countries and prefer to have a visa for all , but not really sure what the exact framework is there )  we could unilaterally stop checking tourists , they would only have to go through that trouble when they return to their own countries . 
  this way we might mitigate the hassle . 
  the real problem lies on imports / exports . 
  time-consuming inspections could affect the cost of transportation . 
  eu farmers are definitely not poor . 
  mr v. is crowned grand empress . 
  2016 is only 40 days old though . 
  most europeans would n't fight for their country , but they would fight to protect their property . 
  guerrilla warfare is tough to be won , unless you are willing to use nukes . 
  it can be removed with cosmetic surgery . 
  oh , mr v. is at it again . 
  move along , nothing to see here folks . 
  greece does n't have the infrastructure to house 3 million refugees . 
  we are n't talking about working class immigrants , but immigrants that will live in economic isolation . 
  even if the eu simply payed rent for them , greece has less than 200k vacant properties , with a considerable amount being really old buildings in poor condition . 
  turkey is a much bigger country and has more resources to pull this off and will also do it for cheaper than greece could . 
  the amount of money turkey asks is reasonable , given that they have already spent 7 billion dollars on immigrants . 
  looks like the eurozone has a gangrene . 
  also fucking kaliningrad party pooping the baltics . 
  they see wolfie rollin , they hatin ... 
  is n't that just a little bit more than what the us military spends on aid to israel ? 
  mass urbanization and the turn to a service economy are the main reasons . 
  this : https://youtu.be/akvsf_3yutc?t=1389, 
  the fact that they want to impose schengen-border controls on the greek-macedonian border , a country that belongs neither in the schengen zone nor in the fucking eu is beneath me . 
  does n't turkey have a shitload of teen marriages ? 
  this is laughable . 
  edit : source http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/over-nine-percent-of-girls-marry-underage-in-turkey.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=50407, 
  i 'd trade it for gigabit interwebs . 
  still part of `` poors '' though . 
  if you told me this is a shot from `` the day after tomorrow '' , i would have believed you . 
  do you want extra deflation ? 
  because that 's how you get extra deflation . 
  what a high car tax makes you do . 
   wait you can sue an entire country ? 
  only if you are a canadian mining company . 
  oil 's production cost is 2 $ in the middle east so certainly 5 $ is possible if energy stops keeping the price up . 
   russia should capitalize on it 's weak currency and improve it 's non-oil export production . 
  that 's the problem , they do n't have anything else other than fossil fuels and minerals . 
  if the price falls to 5 $ a barrel it will essentially be worthless . 
  oil has far more demand as an energy source than as a raw material . 
  that 's why the flying spaghetti monster , our lord and savior who boiled for our sins , blessed be he parmezan be upon him , punishes russia . 
   and the saudis can make a profit at $ 10 a barrel also , they probably know that oil is going to probably be `` worthless '' by the end of the 2020s so it is wiser for them to pump as hard as they can . 
  please no , exports to turkey account for 10.8 % of the greek exports . 
  unless you are willing to gib more euromoneys . 
  what i am saying is that selling raw materials is not a wise way to utilize land unless you have a fuckton of them . 
  150 tonnes of gold over the course of 20 years is a ridiculously bad deal for the possible damages to the environment of a highly touristic area nonetheless . 
  gold is fully depleted in greece thanks to the age of our civilization and only gold dust is to be found . 
  that 's true , but there are much more important and environmentally neutral projects like the hellinikon airport redevelopment which we should support . 
  what is the added value of a mine in a country that does n't have a significant manufacturing base ? 
  zero !, 
  do you know which countries are resource exporters ? 
  piss poor third world countries like congo and venezuela . 
  honestly , i am tired of right-wing idiots supporting the mine , especially considering that chalkidiki is almost 100 % dependent on tourism and one fuckup would destroy the local economy . 
  still , the local hotel and tour operators are to blame for not organizing enough against the investment , considering their profits are at stake . 
  i do n't think that holding 10 % of the bailout loans qualifies them as a major creditor , more likely a symbolic creditor . 
  the imf used to foot almost 100 % of the bill in bailouts outside of the eu . 
  the argument is not about the current loans , but about future loans . 
  the imf would obviously stay as a consultant , but would stop participating and would just wait for their loans to be repayed . 
  sch\u00e4uble wants the imf but does n't want debt relief . 
  tsipras wants debt relief but does n't want the imf .
