  i was figurative . 
  if you add the cost of all of the above you still end up paying more . 
  if your nutrition has meat , fish , dairy , vegetables and fruit it is going to cost substantially more than eating pizza and hamburgers you purchased from the supermarket every day . 
  in the usa they might have a better parity on their food prices . 
  i know my wallet cries whenever i buy healthy food in greece . 
  you have to eat a minimum amount of calories to survive . 
  do you know how many kilos of vegetables you need to eat to aim for a 2000 calorie diet ? 
  a kilo of broccoli has only 340 calories . 
  a kilo of rice will last a week ? 
  where ? 
  in medieval china maybe . 
  what about protein ? 
  you ca n't only eat carbs ( which are the cheapest form of nutrition anyway ) . 
  for a proper healthy diet , you need to spend much more money than for fast food . 
  with the same amount of money you can buy 1000 healthy calories or 3000 junk calories . 
  no wonder obesity is a disease of the low incomes . 
  edit2 : there seems to be a difference in the parity of healthy and junk food prices depending on each country . 
  what we need is a final solution to the problem . 
  there are 2 options : 1 ) a substantial haircut / debt restructuring and staying in the eurozone 2 ) a unilateral default combined with a grexit everything else is total bullshit . 
  all i 'm saying is that it is more effective to wage war by claiming it is defense , just like russia does and many others have done in the 20th century . 
  it indeed appears strange that no one has a ministry of war and everyone has a ministry of defence . 
  twisting words , twists their meanings ... 
  greece already gets most of its gas by russia anyway , i did n't see anyone complaining about that . 
  nevertheless , the russians are too broke to strike a profitable deal for us , so it wo n't likely happen . 
  * rubbles , most likely, 
  i do n't actually care if i get burried or cremated or whatever , but one has to note that lenin 's mausoleum is kinda cool , would be fun if we were able to do that for more people . 
  also a space graverocket would be awesome , launching your dead remains into space for an eternal travel !, 
  the orthodox church in a nutshell ... 
  then your first comment gets invalidated by your second one . 
  if it was so cheap they would just buy the land and build one themselves ... 
  i would also assume that you will be able to buy prepaid cards really easily in tourist areas with cash if this measure passes . 
  i wondered what could look worse than soviet propaganda , then i stumbled upon this . 
  if a country left , the uk would have more incentive to give up the eu on their own accord . 
  2011 data , are you kidding me ? 
  would n't a brexit be more likely to happen if a grexit does happen though ? 
  well , considering it was the biggest fucking empire ever on the planet , and of course its full disbanding being fairly recent , it makes sense . 
  the most astonishing thing is that both the ez and the greeks threaten each other with a grexit . 
  if you think of it from an outsiders point of view , it makes absolutely no sense . 
  the most mindblowing thing is that the sun is closer to the earth on north hemisphere 's winter ( about 2 % closer ) . 
  also the word `` europe '' belongs to us and we should start charging copyright license fees !, 
  wow , much gas , so rich . 
  legalize all illegal immigrants and tax them the same way we tax locals , boom problem solved . 
  joking aside , the sheer incompetence of both the eu and the greek government ** s ** is appalling . 
  what about greece , which was also conveniently blocked of the qe program ? 
  we already get the majority of our gas from russia and algeria anyway . 
  we will soon get it from azerbaijan as well , so it will drive prices down and will be good for the economy . 
  the fuss makes no sense , although 5bn seems rather unlikely . 
  tfw http://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/greece-becomes-first-developed-country-to-be-downgraded-to-emergingmarket-status-8655730.html, 
  we manage to get back to 2007 gdp/ca levels in the next 5 years ? 
  yeah right ... 
  to be fair , most people in greece would not want a federal eu prior to the crisis . 
  there was a public outcry after the lisbon treaty was signed for instance . 
  maybe build something similar to this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/terracotta_army but with lenins , mindfuck the archaeologists of the future lol, 
  most people are against putin 's wanna-be ussr , not russia . 
  or maybe get direct welfare funding from the eu , helping the unemployed while also keeping fiscal responsibility . 
  who am i kidding though , it wo n't happen unless the politics of the eu undergo a major shift . 
   why would n't we compare it ? 
  because it is a flawed comparison . 
  it compares ww2 akin to some ancient war , which it definitely was n't . 
  as for the claim of reparations to greece , i personally have stopped caring about it all along . 
  very few people actually live on the dryer islands though . 
  i 'm pretty sure mykonos is rich enough to desalinate to keep up the tourism needs . 
  greece has a lot of mountains and a shit ton of rivers and lakes . 
  no it wo n't . 
  irrigation and industrial water on the other hand , might as well be . 
  best we can afford is a paper boat . 
  it is an `` assumed income '' tax . 
  it is based on the notion that if for example you own a house , you need a minimum amount of money to pay the bills etc. 
  if you own a house the assumed income is 3000 euros , which has a 10 % tax . 
  if you also have a car the assumed income is 3000 + 2000 euros , so you pay 500 euros . 
  if your real income is higher than your assumed income you are only taxed on your real income . 
  \u0397owever , if you are unemployed , even if you made 0 money your tax is based on this virtual income . 
  thank troika for this absurdity . 
  there were homeless people who were actually asked to pay for this tax because they owned a ruined house in a remote village or something . 
  i 'm starting to think that it will be better if we actually default . 
  electricity , housing and food will finally be affordable again . 
  imported oil is actually cheap now as well compared to 2009 . 
  i wonder if that 's where party hats originate from . 
  they told me i 'm greek too . 
  i think it is a bit retarded , especially when you most probably have no lineage descent with them . 
  more like : canada : the best of usa and europe combined, 
  can we get a refund ? 
  a flat in lower manhattan would probably be more expensive though . 
  the statues will literally melt from the camera flashes , i 'm calling it . 
  greek bailout 2 : episode 1, 
  and greece is excluded for teh lulz . 
  some may view brussels as the satanic capital of the eu overlords . 
  there 's a lot of misinformation about it . 
  most people do n't know that everyone and their cat can suggest a referendum in switzerland . 
  probably a question on why belgium is a distinct country and not dutch and french territory . 
  we had us support only because churchill , roosevelt and stalin agreed that greece were to be given to the west . 
  if the civil war happened in a vacuum , eam would have won . 
  hopefully , that was n't the case . 
   but anyway , show me a `` refugee '' that will willingly come to any eastern european country and i 'll show you a unicorn . 
  that 's the point . 
  refugees should n't be able to choose their destination . 
  they should n't be permanent residents and should only be accepted as a means to assure their safety and their access to food , shelter and medicine , until the situation in their country improves . 
  the communists would have won if they had soviet support . 
  i do n't think there 's any other way to convince eastern europe to accept refugees though . 
  all countries should accept refugees .
