  greece can into tax collection !, 
   i mean the university students are blindly in love with the welfare state , to the point of being a religious feeling . 
  the welfare state is for our best interest though . 
  our goal should be to redirect welfare funds to all age groups in need , not completely abolish them . 
  hey , it 's me your uncle steve . 
   do n't you guys see that it was the ex-working class from deindustrialised area that voted `` leave '' ? 
  their stagnation is not the eus fault , british policy is to blame . 
  in other eu countries disadvantaged regions still get proportionately more funds than what they would get based solely on their economic output . 
  in fact people of de-industrialized areas voted against their best interest , because what the leave campaigners promised was accelerated globalization without the baggage that comes with the eu . 
  what if you found out that `` bulgarian '' is an insult southerners call northern greeks . 
  you would be pissed !, 
  yet chobani self-identifies as a greek yogurt . 
  it 's not the first time we bought arms from russia . 
  usually uncle sam gets mad , so we buy some extra american and german weapons as well . 
  in the end everyone is happy , except the esm / ecb / imf of course . 
  as a first measure the eu could relax the regulation of the efsi fund . 
  infrastructure all over europe is failing yet the conditions for investment qualification become stricter and stricter year after year . 
  most of the airports are small and only for domestic travel though . 
  china is not a social-democracy , it is the very definition of what a model fascist state would like to look like . 
  the economic success of china is in many ways a reality because of its blatant authoritarianism . 
  for instance , millions of chinese have been forcefully relocated in order to construct public infrastructure , something that would be a bureaucratic nightmare in a democratic country . 
  on the other hand , india is left behind while being in a substantially better situation 40 years ago . 
  china definitely needs to embrace democracy and economic liberalism while keeping social policies intact . 
   i mean , venezuela 's gdp per capita ( ppp ) is higher than china 's . 
  venezuela is not a free market and thus gdp data is skewed . 
  venezuelans do n't have access to forex and can officially buy a limited amount of dollars explicitly only when traveling abroad . 
  they have to resort to the black market which gives a substantially worse deal ( 10x more expensive ) than the official exchange rate and that was when the country was still stable . 
  does anyone actually believe they would be confirming it regardless ? 
  judea was a roman province at the time . 
  also , nazareth did n't exist in the first century ce . 
   `` idiot orangutan '' johnson knows latin and ancient greek really useful languages . 
  the first spoken by a couple thousand people in the vatican and the second by no one . 
  i 'd argue that only rich roman citizens , such as saul of tarsus , could speak greek fluently enough , let alone write . 
  at the time jesus supposedly existed , greek was more of a `` high class '' language that romans spoke than part of a strong hellenistic culture . 
  for instance , patricians in rome often held conversations in greek so that their slaves did n't understand them . 
  opposition to the ttip is not about protectionism though , but about the deregulation of safety and the ability of overseas companies to take governments for their governmental policies to a private court . 
  when the average pension is almost double the minimum wage , it comes to no surprise that old people are significantly pro-ez . 
  title should have been `` czar ante portas '' . 
  missed opportunity ... 
  they stole me queen !, 
  til that our absorption rate is n't as bad as the media makes it seem . 
  dat 13th question ... 
  afaik greek resorts like malia have even started employing british people . 
  malia is literally an oppressed briton 's safe-heaven hardon . 
   iron crone , francois hollande and iron maiden walk into a bar ... ftfy :d, 
   it used to be the left was in favor of democracy and free speech and the right was authoritarian 100 years ago . 
   what if i told you that they both were authoritarian , particularly 100 years ago ? 
   come to the ~ ~ republic ~ ~ sultanate of turkey . 
  ftfy, 
  the problem is that those that are `` rewarded much more '' do n't exist in a vacuum . 
  look at how ridiculously high property prices have become in most western european / american cities . 
  * greece should leave the ez * greece should leave the eu * greeks are lazy * greeks do n't pay taxes * pay debts best 6 years of my life . 
  ikea is better than jysk . 
   `` can you translate this arabic sentence '' thanks ataturk . 
  social insurance is 40 % of the salary . 
  1000 $ is correct only if you do n't count the percentage covered by the employer . 
  780 $ net is something like 1250 $ gross though in greece . 
  high social security / pension taxes and all . 
  the average net salary is 780 $ in greece . 
  outdated data . 
  creole male privilege !! 11 !, 
  where are my islands ? 
  after a 30 % recession it definitely is . 
  there 's a very fine line separating islam and islamism , substantially thinner than in the other religions . 
  yeap , it 's more logical to build skyscrapers when labor and raw materials are cheaper . 
  the main issue is that communists on average did very well early on ( for instance north korea was doing better than south korea at the first few years ) , but stagnated really fast . 
  most of the time only the roman elite was clean shaven and there were still exceptions like emperor hadrian . 
  i was pro-refugee when the crisis started . 
  i became anti-refugee when the governments of europe started bending the law for refugees and favoring muslims because of political correctness . 
  if they had to obey exactly the same laws as us and left their way of life back in their shitholes , i would n't have a problem with any of them . 
  but why now ? 
  why not in 2012 or 2015 when there was so much more at stake ? 
  slowpoke terrorism ... 
  no fun allowed . 
  i wonder why he did n't simply apply some oil / alcohol with a brush . 
  i did n't know erdogan was a sjw . 
  tsipras stole me milk . 
  https://vimeo.com/ondemand/greekandromantechnology this is a great documentary about ancient greek and roman technology in general . 
  3 $ an episode is a steal . 
  the regional government is overreacting . 
  a 2km radius evacuation is absolutely insane for that type of bomb . 
  that would totally be energy efficient . 
  rip 1975-2017, 
  beta blockers are a booming product . 
  invest in greek pharmaceuticals today . 
  have there been any cases with foreign ( eu ) license plates ? 
  it is commonplace in greece for people to use bulgarian license plates , even though registration taxes are not as crazy as in denmark . 
  stalin totally made quotes that had english puns . 
  we had similar laws in the 1930s . 
  you are poor , not bankrupt . 
  there 's a difference . 
  it 's easy being an animal-rights activist when you have never interacted with non-domesticated animals bigger than a cockroach in your suburban environment . 
  we should n't torture animals for amusement , but we should be able to take action against animals that attack us . 
  people assume that turtles are comically slow . 
  that 's not the case , they can jump very high compared to their size . 
  https://youtu.be/go1hd3ebuzs?t=54 i do n't find self defense hard to believe . 
  people who do n't know this may try to interact with the turtle and get bitten . 
  tagged as peta_tard . 
  99 % of animals that ever existed have become extinct . 
  was n't the better treatment of slaves in the 2nd century ce progress ?
