  pure idiocy at its finest . 
  involving the imf made sense at the start of the crisis as the eu had no experience in bailouts . 
  i think that it is time for the imf to leave , especially after the numerous fuckups . 
  yeah , it makes sense that the root is much older . 
  still fascinating that the word was developed long before the hour-glass or any decent time-keeping machine . 
  the indo-european language group is older than any western civilization . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rkny9rdmtqm this is a mexican telenovela parody of what spanish sounds to greek people . 
  i hope you find it super weird !, 
  tatiana is oprah only in her wildest dreams , she dreams of giving dem bees.\u30fd \u0e88\u0644\u035c\u0e88 \uff89, 
  we also pronounce `` hora '' almost exactly the same . 
  it was weird to find out that we use the same word for `` time '' and `` hour '' , pronounce it the same but just write it differently . 
  we exit deflation to enter stagflation . 
  what a time to be alive !, 
  i understand your confusion since you are not familiar with the greek political system . 
  new democracy is far from liberal , they are hard conservatives . 
  it was during the nd government ( 2004-2009 ) when the debt skyrocketed . 
  the russian loan plan of syriza was a bad gamble , which was never seriously considered . 
  russian sympathizers got kicked out of the party . 
  also , tsipras was in constant contact with obama during the whole summer craze of 2015 . 
  new democracy - conservatives , syriza - leftists slowly leaning towards social democracy because they have no other choice . 
  he is liberal , but new democracy is not . 
  certainly an improvement though . 
  the frontier is already fully erect . 
  piracy is n't theft , theft removes the original . 
  10 euros a month is 120 euros a year , it is a considerable amount of money . 
  also , poland is a rich country when compared to the rest of the world . 
   how are my fellow albanians doing in greece these days :d ? 
  trying to escape communism for a second time :d, 
  ah , the good sides of ex-communism !, 
   or you could support those things you watch for 10 $ per month so you have good stuff to watch if the price is not outrageous then yes you should support companies that develop fun shows to watch . 
  however , there are people that have very low salaries and can barely afford a living , so it is not unreasonable for them to expect free entertainment where others foot the bill . 
  8 euros a month might seem cheap , but it still is 96 euros a year and that 's just for the sd versions . 
  with the same amount of money i can pay my cloud backup subscription for which i have no free / better alternative . 
  - prescriptions are free . 
  pharmaceuticals are really really cheap , even without subsidies as there is price regulation . 
  everything is expensive in greece for the current wage rates , but pharmaceuticals are surprisingly cheap . 
  - it depends on the doctor , but yes most doctors do treat you well . 
  - yes it is . 
  even if you do n't like public hospitals you can go to a private one and the government will subsidize half the cost , so you do get your money back one way or the other . 
  - i think that the us healthcare is one of the worst in the world in terms of efficiency . 
  insane wastefulness , absurd pricing and competition is non-existent . 
  if you were n't so rich germany , the refugees would n't want to come . 
  the fault is yours alone !, 
  get bankrupt like us to solve the problem . 
  ^ ^ ^ this ^ ^ ^ argument ^ ^ ^ makes ^ ^ ^ more ^ ^ ^ sense ^ ^ ^ than ^ ^ ^ sch\u00e4uble . 
  actually the resurfacing of the greek identity happened shortly before the fall of the empire among intellectuals . 
  the colossus will make rhodes look like braavos once again , then the iron bank will be created and the debt fully payed back . 
  greece you of genius !, 
  being gay was never the `` norm '' in ancient greece . 
  there was no homosexual identity with the modern-day term , there were homosexuals of course . 
  non-exclusive same-sex sexual practice was acceptable , but still everyone was supposed to marry a woman . 
  usually a same sex partnership involved older men with young boys . 
  being on `` the receiving end '' after adulthood was a subject of ridicule . 
  nevertheless christianity dominated affairs for the past 1900 years , so there really is no substantial connection . 
  electing a left-wing government has its good sides . 
  passed with 193/300 votes . 
   and i aim for ~ ~ a sandwich ~ ~ kebab cuisine infidel . 
   right now , the popular thing is to build neighbourhoods where the houses are designed to float in case of a flood ; normally speaking they 're ground level , but when a flood happens the foundation of such a house is capable of making the whole thing float without losing stability . 
  the house is also attached to poles ( which may be built into the structure itself ) , to keep it from floating away on the currents . 
  would n't it be much easier to just elevate the houses a couple of meters above sea level ? 
  the military junta fell , greece entered the eu in 1981 . 
  there was no way greek nationalism was a threat to turk-cypriots any longer after that . 
  i call bullshit , but if this is what you want to believe it is fine by me . 
  greece never officially left nato , greece simply ceased all nato operations for about a decade . 
  cyprus was invaded for very obvious reasons . 
  if it were solely for the reasons turkey was claiming , then half the island would n't still be occupied 40 years later . 
   turkey ( along with greece , which i find humorous ) was one of the first nato expansion was n't it an obvious thing to happen though ? 
  if greece was n't in nato , turkey might have had invaded greece back in the cold war era , like they did with cyprus ( which was n't a nato member ) . 
  mother russia , sanctioning herself since 2014 . 
  where are my balkan fellows ? 
  turkey what are you doing ? 
  turkey , stahp !, 
  the problem lies with the bloated welfare state , which was 55 % of the gdp . 
  when greece could loan money really cheap the state only needed to collect 45 % of the gdp in taxes , which was manageable . 
  when the cheap loans stopped rolling , the economy went bust . 
  32 % of the greek labor force is self-employed . 
  so pretty much yeah . 
  military hardware is overpriced junk anyways . 
  we are not in the 70s any more when military technology was decades ahead of consumer technology . 
  dude , we invented the orthodox church !, 
  what did you expect ? 
   well economically speaking , most of the rest bosnia , albania and macedonia are true economic superpowers :d, 
  that 's more of a civil unrest than a civil war . 
  a civil war is essentially when multiple politcal groups fight for their rise or retaining of power . 
  greece does n't have land borders with any schengen country and that did n't seem to help . 
  when life gives you flowers , make fist fight . 
  actually the hellenic parliament is neoclassical , it was the palace of the bavarian king of greece otto . 
  urban area indeed seems to be the best method to make an objective comparison between cities . 
  i understand that , but if you look at a map of athens you would n't see a difference between the city center and the suburbs . 
  they have the same building density and thus are not suburban . 
  what i mean is that the real figure for athens is 3.7 million , not 660k . 
  you also got rome wrong . 
  there is no such thing as `` city limits '' in an era where there are no city walls . 
  you must have mixed up the comparison by the vague definition of what a city is , when you are actually comparing metropolitan areas . 
  there is no way athens would be 68th for instance . 
  athens city center population : 664,046 athens metro population : 3,753,783, 
  pakistan is a de facto islamic country , that 's why it separated from india . 
  do we get a free bailout along with that ? 
  we need polymer banknotes like canada . 
  better save the fuel turkey , you might have an actual war in the middle east .
