  there were , but due to the clusterfucking of the economy they are just rich . 
  rich people have capital gains , stock holdings and property that ca n't be legally taxed more than 2 % a year . 
  the purchasing power will be weaker for imported things . 
  in fact , for things greece produces ( like electricity ) there will be a practical increase in purchasing power as the ridiculous overtaxation will cease to exist . 
  the unemployed and the very poor would definitely benefit from a default as strange as that may sound . 
  the middle class will be those who will be hit , but the middle class is an ever-decreasing minority anyway . 
  why is this news ? 
  there is really nothing to admit . 
  the greek government is broke , so unless there is a bailout there simply is no money to pay . 
  if you were a greek chances are that you would be already broke . 
  the most depressing fact is that imf employees are paid 6 figures to come up with these dead accurate predictions !, 
  they are fed up and have stopped caring whether we stay or not , whatever that means . 
  i do n't know , i have n't even decided my final stance on that matter to be fair . 
  however , it feels extremely stupid getting out of the eurozone while keeping the same geopolitical strategy . 
  that would lead to the maximum damage for greece with the minimum damage for europe . 
  if a grexit happens , greeks will seriously consider leaving the eu . 
  choice aside , a grexit would cause greece to violate many of the rules of the eu as well ( border controls , implementing tariffs etc ) leading to a possible kick out of the eu as well . 
  would greeks want to stay in the eu though if there is a grexit ? 
  not only that , greece was a member of the eu since 1981 , almost three times the time lithuania has been a member . 
  2004 : can somebody give me a quick explanation why it is so important to add lithuania into the eu ? 
  they do n't seem like a very important nation that will contribute much . 
  i do n't know if it is germany 's fault , but it really seems that the eu is ruled by a bunch of morons who ca n't solve any of the numerous problems that have occurred in the past decade . 
  i wonder if we were white , then became black when we lost our fur and then white again . 
  at least he did n't research the strikes that happened in the 80s . 
  he really could n't have had though , he 'd need a lifetime . 
  the salary of conscripts is like 9 euros a month . 
  their equipment , food etc does cost quite a lot though . 
  i personally am all for the abolition of conscription in greece . 
  however , seeing that not even a left wing government is actually considering it , i am thoroughly disappointed . 
  something people do not mention is not only is labor protection non existent but the exploitation is mainly done by the smaller companies because they ca n't survive otherwise . 
  in fact the bigger companies usually offer better salaries / benefits than the smaller ones . 
  the problem is there are hardly any big companies left . 
  this means that the exploitation of the greek worker does not actually produce anything , it is all wasted !, 
  imagine overworking and being exploited for nothing ... 
  in theory yes . 
  in practice it will never be payed in full . 
  that 's what we owe and what the creditors wo n't get if we default . 
  300bn $ + in foreign debt 80bn $ + in ela banking debt, 
  it really seems that way . 
  as absurd as it may sound the greek side has already changed a lot of the terms to be much more realistic and they still get a big `` no '' . 
  how dare we demand for the austerity to end !, 
  we should be ashamed of ourselves . 
  we can always switch to the dollar , yes we will sign the ttip !, 
  oligarch ( with ties to the government ) sponsored more likely . 
   and reforms are still necessary and might need to happen even faster . 
  going into default is only a viable option if you are sure that you are profitable after , otherwise there will be no one who lends you the smallest amount of money . 
  depends on the definition of reforms . 
  if by reforms you mean opening certain markets and making entrepreneurship easier then by all means we agree . 
  if it means further budget cuts to everything , then that needs to happen slower to make room for the economy to adapt . 
  the thing is the free market is a 2 way road . 
  not only you are allowed to sell greek products to 26 other countries but the 26 other countries are allowed to sell their products here with 0 tolls . 
  it is not only a win situation . 
  sooner or later you will have to choose , get half back or get nothing . 
  as it seems , when there is money on the table there is no such thing as fair or ethics , as there is no solidarity . 
  there is just one hard fact , greece is bankrupt , choose what you are more willing to do . 
  all we ask is `` just do n't kick the can down the road yet again '' . 
  so we agree that the eu made greek people unproductive one way or the other . 
  right ? 
   how you guys get out of your own mess is of little concern to me so , it seems that you do n't care the money you loaned to greece ( actually to bailout your banks that had trash greek bonds ) gets payed back . 
  i am okay with that . 
   and as long as greece keep the highest number of state employees per capita in government service compared to the rest of the eu that is not true anymore , but if it is you could provide a recent source right ? 
  potatoes are imported from egypt because they are cheaper than greek potatoes . 
  why does that happen , who would have thought . 
  uhm , the euro currency ? 
  and while i am not a proponent of an agricultural / industrial economy and actually applaud our huge service sector , the growth of our agriculture is a must . 
  do you get any money from the refined oil exports ? 
  do you work there ? 
  how much does that company get taxed ? 
  most big companies have their capital abroad anyway , so not only they wo n't be hit but they will flourish . 
  sorry , but i care more about middle class companies that actually contribute to the standard of living . 
  the middle class was hit and that 's why we got fucked up . 
  then the shipping industry will simply move to panama if that happens . 
  you did not answer my question though . 
  do zero income people get taxed anywhere in the globe except in greece ? 
  that 's not a matter of welfare . 
  it is our country 's fault and we fucked up . 
  now what ? 
  put us in the purgatory for the next 5 decades to teach us a lesson ? 
  this is the best idea i have read in a while . 
  i was always a proponent of moving to a digital only currency , the imminent liquidity issues will make us move forward as there simply is no time to print a new currency . 
  greece might actually be able to adjust its economy more efficiently this way . 
  greeks simply put , have no money left for overtaxation imposed on the lower middle class and the unemployed . 
  do unemployed receiving zero benefits and zero income get taxed in germany ? 
  because they get taxed in greece . 
  economists agreeing is something irrelevant , what matters is the facts , and the facts are that there is no money left to pay new taxes . 
  seriously , fuck this shit and let us default already . 
  if the european politicians ca n't understand that the reforms need to happen slower because they cause too much instability , just let the bankruptcy unfold ... 
  http://www.cbc.ca/gfx/images/news/topstories/2011/07/11/li-european-debt620-cp00969.jpg quickly , sue juncker for bullying and add the compensation to the money hole !, 
  not only that , people in the usa are sometimes reluctant to move to another state , let alone a different country . 
  if a grexit happens , cyrpus will be overflown with tens of thousands of greek illegal immigrants , i would say it would be the end of cyprus as well . 
  it has already happened . 
  only companies have their funds in banks ( they have no other choice ) . 
  you are a canadian , you do n't speak european . 
  the thing is that syrian christians are probably as radical as syrian muslims . 
  i was paraphrasing the title , stating the complexity of the situation over the oversimplification . 
  `` why does n't one just do x thing ? '', 
  why does europe not simply get it over with and write off our debt ? 
   `` to default , or not to default , that is the question '' syriza be like ... `` why not both ? '', 
  those that are actually edible and do n't taste like shit cost 99 cents per kilo . 
  a kilo of potatoes has only 770 calories .
