  fun fact , the greek economy was growing much faster before we joined the eu . 
  it 's not like greece was a third world country in 1981 , it is becoming one now though . 
  you listen to an inspiring speech , hoping for the best . 
  then on the actual reform proposals you notice none of the things he mentioned , but more pension cuts . 
  it 's the eastern orthodox version of the vatican . 
  adding romania to the eu was a mistake . 
  you are in the eu for less than a decade and already bitching as if you created this union . 
  the competition that happened on a european scale by the post ussr economies and china in the global scale played a major role in the demise of greece . 
  a lot of factories closed in greece and reopened in eastern europe for instance . 
  marshall plan 2 !, 
  is n't a reunification amidst these economic times a shitty idea ? 
  this is the most likely scenario . 
  of course / r/europe only starts caring when things get beyond repair . 
  gee , thanks guys !, 
  it 's not just that , i for example lived the most of my young adulthood in a situation of harsh austerity . 
  5 years seems like half a lifetime when you are young . 
  the referendum question is clear . 
  you vote for the latest proposal that was done by the troika . 
  the troika just got mad , took back the proposal , did not extend the program for a couple of weeks and interpreted the question as a currency referendum . 
  clearly adult behavior . 
  i 'm glad most young people in my country have some common sense left , i always thought we were totally retarded !, 
  greece needs a sustainable debt and a sustainable economy , more than it needs credit . 
  credit in the current situation will just disappear . 
  edit : goddamn boobs, 
  it is a lowercase omega . 
  but but , we were so close , if only greeks were n't unwilling to sell their third kidney we would have had the deal !, 
  stubborn lazy ass greeks destroying everything ... fuck you juncker and your crocodile tears . 
  seriously , fuck you . 
  and i say no loan payment before debt relief . 
  oh wait , we already did that . 
  your beloved finance minister . 
  problem is there are no means of production in greece . 
  cry us a whiskey river . 
   i welcome every greek in my country  do you mean bavaria or germany ? 
  i like bavarian beer . 
  there are oil reserves for at least 3 months . 
  at the very worst case scenario you will be able to go home just in time . 
  this is what europe has become now ? 
  i smell denial of holodomor . 
  there is no point in typing the same shit in 2 languages . 
  the currency exchange rate also depends on the strength of the whole economy of the eurozone . 
  any country that leaves will cause the euro to fall , just by taking its gdp outside of the equation . 
  maybe greece is too small to make a difference , but if spain and italy were to leave the eurozone , the euro would be hit hard . 
  basically : german economy + piigs economy    german economy, 
   5g licenses in 2016 , lol greece is the next big thing in telecoms . 
  i suggest we pre-sell the rights up to 9g . 
  a private-like run army with 10,000 troops would deem sufficient for greece . 
  it would also cost less than 1 % of the gdp . 
  albania makes some `` funny '' maps and flags ( claiming territory from 4 countries basically ) , so they could be considered a potential threat too . 
  however , the point is there probably wo n't be a full-scale war ever again because territorial acquisitions are not a way of increasing your economic power any more . 
  the only way a full-scale war between countries happening is the total collapse of global trade . 
  the conclusion is that such a high defense budget from a bankrupt country is laughable . 
  kasparov is just butthurt that he did n't succeed in russian politics . 
  we get that putin is bad , but putin will not be forever in charge . 
  what happens when we forget to renew our sunlight subscription ? 
  you are eurasian !, 
  they are the biggest country in the world in area size , countries much smaller ( like the usa ) are more populous and richer . 
  how much bigger do they want it ? 
  does `` bigger is better '' make even sense any more ? 
  it is one thing to post a credible opinion with cited sources , ** the academic way . 
  ** it is another thing though to just throw a bunch of links with little or no relevance whatsoever , ** the `` trot-trot '' way . 
  nope , greece prepays pensions by a full month . 
  in fact , they could pay them 30 days later without any legal problems . 
  the backlash from the people will be huge though :d edit : before people go apeshit on why we prepay pensions , let me mention that when you are eligible for a pension the waiting line to finally getting it can be between 8 to 36 months . 
  as there is a primary surplus , new loans will be used only to repay past debt , the creditors literally take money from one pocket and put it in the other . 
  effectively they are only paying for the interest of the loans and not the actual loans . 
  if for example they give a loan of 10 billion euros to greece , they will essentially pay only 2 % of that . 
  it is definitely worth the risk . 
  maybe as a greek i have a biased opinion , but schultz seems like the least likeable politician the european parliament has had in a long ass time . 
  well , that is obvious . 
  it is fun that eu `` solidarity '' focuses more on countries outside the eu right ? 
   if anything , the greek are lucky that they are not experiencing inflation . 
  it seems to me that deflation and hyperinflation are equally destructive . 
  can we reclassify our debt to the european countries as personal debt please ? 
  however , it can be . 
  as taxation and prices are higher , a higher wage will get you much less . 
  if you do n't live in london you should n't moan . 
  if you do live in london , moaning is ok . 
  i never understood the criticism about communist apartment buildings . 
  they seem fine to live in , they just need to be painted , but grit is a problem everywhere you can find concrete , even in rich hong kong . 
  it is missing a digit , lol, 
  to be fair , pensions were slashed by 40 % meaning that the pension / gdp ratio was even higher before . 
  you mean how you will keep the greek companies that will flee from bulgaria . 
  this is brilliantly done . 
  seriously , britain has been with one leg out of the eu since thatcher 's days . 
  it is not up to you mr schultz . 
  then the next year he will have 500k , until 5 years later he will be left with 15k euros . 
  do you even know what the most fundamental law of communism is ? 
  ** abolition of private property . 
  ** please , do bother to learn a thing or two about economic theories , before spamming / r/europe with anti-greece hatred . 
  doing constructive criticism would be much more valuable . 
  let 's say someone has 2 million euros ( legally obtained ) in the bank , greece takes half . 
  then what ? 
  there is not a single country , except communist regimes where wealth is confiscated . 
  stop spreading nonsense . 
  yes there are , but there is a fundamental problem with that reasoning . 
  wealth is not taxed , income is . 
  income can be taxed as high as 45 % for persons and quite less for companies ( the bigger the lower the tax percentage ) . 
  wealth is taxed like 2 % at most . 
  therefore : high income \u2260 rich as strange as it might sound , there are not many high income people in greece any more .
