  they will shout about the devaluation of their houses , blame it on immigrants and threaten to vote ukip if the government builds here , so the north will take the brunt of the new construction even though this is the area that needs it . 
   people have to realize that when you treat housing as a commodity , then it has to follow the market rules like any other commodity does . 
  buying a house in an economically growing area does n't mean you are set for life . 
  we could `` lease '' our borders for a small $ $ , $ $ $ , $ $ $ , $ $ $ . $ $ fee !, 
   i understand thats the predicted cap but does n't much of it rely on africa and asia becoming prosperous and having less kids as a result ? 
   not really , population growth peaked in 1963 , over half a century ago . 
  it is in a downward spiral ever since and about half as it was back then . 
  it 's not just distribution . 
  we need higher efficiency in factories that process food , the waste in such plants is insane . 
  we also need better preservatives , as enormous amounts of food are disposed because they went past their expiry date . 
  the problem with food is that it is very sensitive , if it was n't then distribution would be a non-issue . 
  they are still big enough to be an annoyance in the parliament . 
  turkey , lebanon and jordan should get a small profit from this operation , if it becomes the case . 
  it is one thing helping the needed and another doing the job the whole world is supposed to do . 
  also , the usa should chip in with funds as well . 
  is he maltese ? 
  do you realize that without qe the eu would be on a deflation spiral ? 
  in fact this qe is too modest and not enough . 
  the euro is a common currency , it does n't belong to germany . 
  you 'll be fine , i for one thought i was born in the land of democracy / s, 
  looks like mcdonald 's desperately needs to introduce mac gyro if they want to survive in greece . 
  what if i told you that closing the borders only delays the problem , it does n't solve it . 
  your daily dose of orthodoxy . 
  taiwan is so much richer than eastern europe it is almost an insult :d, 
  the best solution would be to distribute the refugees based on the population , but create a common fund and pay for the refugee cost based on each country 's gdp . 
  for example the netherlands would have less refugees than poland , but they would pay more money to the fund , from which poland would get funds to house the refugees . 
  if tensions escalate between eu members , an extreme solution would be to create for profit refugee camps in turkey . 
  the eu would pay turkey money to house refugees and deport most refugees from europe . 
  it would be hilarious to see the eu dissolve not because of the economic crisis , but because of such a petty thing as the housing of a couple of million refugees . 
  i think that the uk has been so vastly disengaged from the eu the past two decades that it would n't matter as much as people seem to fear . 
  if the uk was in the eurozone then it would indeed be a big deal . 
  still , it will be a definite blow to the eu concept though . 
  a german , a french and a greek eat at a tavern . 
  at some point jesus shows up , tired and exhausted . 
  the german immediately orders a beer to treat jesus . 
  jesus thanks him and asks him what he 'd like in return . 
  the german tells him that he has painful rheumatisms . 
  jesus immediately heals him . 
  the french orders a glass of wine to treat jesus . 
  jesus heals him from his arthritis in return . 
  finally , the greek orders jesus some ouzo , but when jesus tries to touch him , the greek screams : `` do n't you dare fucking touch me , tomorrow i 'm getting examined to get my disability pension '' . 
  i think putting fascism in the left-wing spectrum is wrong as fascist regimes were socialist only in name , but i just found out that there is a huge debate on whether fascism is left-wing or right-wing , til . 
  i actually would n't mind having a huge chunk of refugees ( say 300k ) in greece if their housing costs are mostly paid by the eu . 
  there are a lot of abandoned villages that could be rebuilt and the process could open jobs to give our economy a temporary , but very welcoming boost . 
  of course one could argue that most greeks would n't want that , but i am amazed no eastern european country has thought of that . 
  the money allocated per refugee will more than likely be used to pay companies in finland and germany respectively . 
  while it is a net loss on the country 's budget , there is some return in gdp and tax that needs to be accounted , so it is n't exactly burning . 
  bolshevism is the left-wing equivalent of fascism . 
  a quota system based on each country 's population and a common fund to pay for the refugees ' costs based on each country 's gdp . 
  is that so fucking hard to do europe ? 
  edit : wow , downvoted within 30 seconds of posting . 
  a country 's inaction to help alleviate the refugee crisis is neglecting human rights . 
  if europe does n't help , who will ? 
  because democratically deciding in favor of something that is so blatantly against human rights should be allowed . 
  that 's one of the limits of democracy actually , that it can very well become a tyranny of the masses . 
  things like this reminds me why we have republics and not democracies . 
  in ppp terms it does n't seem that unthinkable . 
  i know about the housing bubble in spain , but there are still things that need to be done to further drop the cost of renting / home ownership . 
  taxes actually make zero sense in a fiat currency , but that is a whole different topic . 
   the problem right now is that banks hold a lot of houses ( some from evicted people , but many from construction companies that could n't sell them after finishing them ) . 
   i see , did n't understand that the problem was so severe . 
  i do n't think that is the solution either , it is a violation on the right of owning property . 
  you know what will fuck speculators ? 
  relaxed construction laws in terms of the building size ( higher building coefficient ) and subsidized social housing . 
  yeah , but what 's the meaning of stonehenge ? 
  i actually could n't care less about the name . 
  what surprises me is that historical revisionism is largely tolerated because of a country 's right to self-determination . 
  the sad thing is that it happens more frequently than you think . 
  greece has done it too , particularly in the ottoman period of the greek history . 
  history is not something that belongs to a single state or nation , it is a common heritage of the whole world . 
  / r/athens being about fucking athens , georgia gets on my nerves though . 
  except it is probably the opposite . 
  not enough new apartment complexes are being built in london , while there is a surge of skilled immigrants relocating to london from all over europe . 
  this drives the prices of decent houses / flats up . 
  it 's not just not enough , it is a joke . 
  a 20 % write-off on a very small part of the debt is n't going to help at all . 
  it was the case in greece too . 
  free-loading skyrocketed since the ticket seller / checker position was abolished ( about 14-15 years ago ) and the damage might have actually cost more than their wages . 
  i would assume free-loading would be an even bigger issue in russia if they abolish the positions . 
   the usd must stay the world currency  actually they just need americans to keep having faith in the dollar . 
  if they do , they will be able issuing us treasury bonds ad infinitum . 
  i still hear people utter idiotic shit like `` when they had communism , yugoslavs lived in total harmony '' . 
  i am not anti-russian , i am anti-putin . 
  however , i actually supported the gazprom pipeline as we were supposed to get a better stake than in the tap one , but it seems we have been fooled . 
  the story of the `` promised '' gas pipelines goes back more than a decade and it feels like russia never seriously considered a south pipeline . 
  bring on tap . 
  the gazprom one was never really gon na happen anyway , right ? 
  russian lies yet again !, 
  gib ~ ~ rubles ~ ~ ~ ~ petrodollars ~ ~ gasdollars russia , and do n't even think we will blink if you pretend you are poor !, 
  it does n't werk . 
   who was the fucking genius that came up with painting the buildings white and the roofs blue?it is unbelievable . 
  there is a long history of painting the houses white in the islands , especially during the middle ages to confuse pirates . 
  however , the prominence of the specific design occurred in the 1930s . 
  antebellum greece had outbursts of diseases like cholera and leprosy in the aegean . 
  in 1938 , dictator metaxas commanded that all the houses in the islands were to be painted with a mixture of lime , a material that could provide basic sanitation and was also cheap and abundant in the region . 
  after wwii the design started being considered traditional and thus stuck . 
  judging from the picture , i do n't think you could technically call it a suburb either . 
  the survival rate has gone up , without the standard of living going up , so people are not inclined to have less babies like in the western countries . 
  in the past every family had countless of babies , but most of them did n't survive . 
  when non-profit organizations started offering free vaccinations in these countries , without a policy of doing any female sterilizations , they created a tremendous disaster that blew up a few generations later .
