  before eu the european continent was in a state of constant war . 
  after , it is not . 
  oh lord . . how can you make these sentences and still be able to make them . 
  my hope for humanity just died . 
  how many wars do you see if you look at the google and search for `` ongoing wars '' more than 0 come on . 
  you are not this dump . 
  if stabbing a man does not result in an nuclear war so does not an attack with any conventional weapon . 
  eu has prevented many wars . 
  and there has been and are plenty . 
  the war between ukrain and russia ? 
  the african wars ? 
  the revolutionary movements in asia and in southern america ? 
  come on man you are not this dumb . 
  do you know that the eu was made as an peace project ? 
  do you know what the word `` history '' means ? 
  no offence but i am just trying to find out where i must begin to explain, 
  historical perception into things , young lad, 
  you have clearly not watched the movie `` room '' or the german ( or other european nation ) tanks crushing your home and their infantry advancing in a clock like profession after their artillerys fire . 
  may the burying soils be light for the hero of war and peace, 
  or , do you think that those giants whose shoulders you stand on were totally pure of heart . 
  and without fault . 
  a brave soldier should be remembered no matter the cause he fighted in . 
  causes die away but great tales of sacrifice and bravery do not . 
  these tale are an inspiration for all men who look for how to live . 
  history washes their sins away . 
  he is a great warrior . 
  how long will it take for germans to be able to be normally proud of their heroes ? 
  i think you should post him and see what happens . 
  yes , but i wanted to see other european warriors and these boys are too shy to post theirs so i posted ours , 
  a true son of north and a warrior legend in the future european mythologies, 
  in simo 's case the books tell not much . 
  when asked he told he only felt the recoil of the gun . 
  then again my great grand father who was a machine gunner on the karelian isthmus told my father he had killed 300 men in just one battle and my grand mom told how he went to the back of the shed and just cried and cried after the war for awhile . 
  depends on the man i guess . 
  no pressure to my french brothers and sisters but if le pen is chosen as the next president this one stoic finnish guys heart will be forever broken . 
  we need you !, 
  i 'll start , counter clockwise . 
  from finland : norway : your country is just stunning . 
  you really know how to use your natural resources . 
  you are a people of tough , but fair vikings arent you ? 
  damn you are beatifull . 
  sweden : why are you so good ? 
  we tell you we hate you because you are so good . 
  this is a compliment you bastard . 
  you do so well in almost everything . 
  almost . 
  estonia : oh little brother , you are truly something . 
  you are , this young country that manages to show , the world an example how people should handle selves on the world stage . 
  competetive and strong . 
  you are little but far larger in spirit than in land . 
  russia : you really know how to make the world interesting :d . oh you russians . 
  [ removed ], 
  in finland it is probably the hakkapeliitta or `` the men in the far away patrols = kaukopartiomiehet '' in the second world war . 
  the hakkapeliitta were light cavalry unit in the imperial swedish army , they sang their songs in the 30 year war but their legend , daring exploits , and war cryes were alive in the second world war too . 
  ( hack them , sons of the north ! ), 
  their song is [ hakkapeliittain marssi ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=54yskw4sju4 ) . 
  the men in the far away patrols have no songs or war cries . 
  they were tough men and they did what they did beyond enemy lines and their exploits were numerous but the highest secret at the time . 
  on this day that our unity is threatened by endless outside forces , we must not falter on this quest to build a better world . 
  now more then ever we must think european thoughts , feel european feelings , see the european future . 
  our differences and quarrels do not make us weak . 
  our democratic freedoms do not make us weak . 
  our history of strife does not make us weak . 
  we have quarreled and still do , it is true . 
  there has been disputes and outright battle between our nations even when we formed our union and its legislation . 
  infact , i believe that there will always be strife between us , because there are so many peoples trying to find the best way to future . 
  it might make our desicion making a bit more slow , but we do n't want to have it any other way , because it guarantees everyone gets heard . 
  dictatorship is not european , not anymore , ever again . 
  our strength does not come from that . 
  we are not weak because of democrazy . 
  the rights we give for all men do not make us weak . 
  they make us strong . 
  because this liberty is what men have fought to achieve from the dawn of time . 
  we are the continent that has survived that struggle and achieves that dream . 
  we are the continent that thrives on liberty . 
  we are the continent that thrives on compassion and discussion and science and culture . 
  we will thrive still and can make even those ancient dreams small . 
  but first we must think european thoughts . 
  texas is bunch of drunken cowboys and drunken mexicans and drunken other humans building a bunch of cities on an desert and then building them bigger until someone calls them fucking idiots for making them that big . 
  then they will make them even a bit bigger and then go back to herd their cattle . 
  it was a good drunken weekend . 
  `` fucking proud of all that-texas '' that is texas . 
  historically a country . 
  this day , maybe a future nation that is looking shyly at it self how it would feel like to be a nation once more . 
  in reality right now : a province . 
  if i have my own subreddit i will call it swe . . suomi . 
  oma just means egna . 
  or mine . 
  the swedish finnish dialect the best that i know just mixes some of the words , so for example j\u00e4tte trevlig becomes j\u00e4tte kiva and so on . 
  it 's my drunken piss poor both, 
  the finnish institute for languages in finland just barely tries to keep up with the pervercities that we do to our language, 
  swedes are not very battle ready right now because they bought heavily in to the idea that `` history was over '' when soviet union collapsed and downsized everything untill few years ago were weak enough militarily to be conquered by russia or `` an stick wielding digeridoo '' in two weeks . 
  at the time of cold war they did have a sizable military but that was not their only security . 
  in fact one could say their military was more oriented in selling arms then defending even then ( swedish weapon developement is/was no joke ) . 
  and the other reason is , or so they say , but this is only hearsay , that swedish ports and is it 's whole geography are strategically important ( not as close to soviet union as finland which nato countries took as lost cause because of their close proximity to soviets and heavy investment to their own military and because they were also otherwise a too stubborn a nation to have that kind of an agreement with anyone . ), 
  sweden on the other hand was still close enough for modern military to do its raids . 
  so they bargained with nato an agreement that stated that if war would brake the nato would have free access to swedish soil if nato would quarantee swedish independence . 
  so when soviet union collapsed sweden still trusted the security qurantees the nato had given them just untill the new agression of putins russia and the economic turmoils of eu and the new trumps usa . 
  so now sweden is waking up to a new reality where it has a weak army , no security from nato and a large hostile neighbour . 
  what sweden wants right now is to have it 's neighbours to cover for its weaknesses untill it can again have it 's own defensive force ( hence the defensive cooperation pacts with finland for example ) .
