  the only great shame i have is for those idiots that dress in our nations symbols and then use them for hatefull , shamefull and pitifull purpouses . 
  let all black finns wear the finnish roaring lion so that we other finns can once again have it on with pride !, 
  i would like my self ( as an far , far leftist and social liberalist ( you would probably call me an communist even though i think communism is just another form of popular facism ) ) the norm to be liberty and safety for people to express them selves . 
  people should be able to be on the conservative right an express them selves as they should be able to be on the political axel i am and be able to express them selves without danger . 
  democazy and therefore liberty is an sacred institution and it should be protected even by our bodies what ever happens . 
  in finland we have the midsummer festival ( juhannus ) also , in the old faith is was traditional to burn bonfires and drink `` ukonwakka '' or beer made in special containers dedicated to god ukko on that day . 
  the more drunk the people were the better the crop . 
  i think we and you are doing something similar to this day . 
  i think the most pagan thing we ( and you ) are doing is just being finnish ( nordic ) . 
  in someways the paganism is just even now , ever apparent even in everyday life . 
  it is hard to explain but maybe it is in peoples additudes or something . 
  basic words : perkele helvetti = hell saatana = satan kusi = hard word for urine vittu = not the prettiest of vaginas paska = not the prettiest of turds example sentence for answering an stupid question : `` vittu mik\u00e4 kusinen paska sin\u00e4kin oot , ei helvetti mik\u00e4 r\u00e4\u00e4n aivoon valuttama ajatus tuokin saatana oli . 
  `` fuck what an pissy shit you are , for fucks sake , the amount of snot pouring from your brain is so large i can not believe you any longer have coherent thoughts . 
  how can you even exist the way you are , you weak and insufficient troglodyte creature . 
  can you even envisage those vistas that enfold the most unlikely female parts ? '', 
  you mean that christian blasphemy is used as an swearword ? 
  and if we have that ? 
  i just made an sentence completely made of blasphemy . 
  in it i invoked the name of perkele ( our old pagan god ) and then called god one of his slaves that lives in hell under satans rule . 
  i also cursed god and invoked sexual things to happen within that curse . 
  this was just about a normal curse . 
  probably the same as you , except of course more intelligent ... 
  learning the language : if you ca n't you ca n't . 
  our language is a hard one to learn . 
  i ques i understand you just speaking some common language ( like english or german ) learning the cultural code : slightly annoyed . 
  one should know how to behave in public and the common rules of politeness . 
  not respecting the law : very annoyed . 
  as a finn the rule of law is almost sacred to me . 
  if you do not respect that then why are you even here ? 
  serve in the military : military or civil service is compulsory here . 
  if you do either you have gained my respect and a citizen status in my mind . 
  respecting the nature : if you treat our nature as your private cesspit and do not respect it and you do n't respect the culture and the rule of law and have not served in the army or in the civil service then you are an enemy of mine . 
  finns have * ancient hatered * towards russians , swedes , and other finns like the karelians and the ostrobothnians or the savoynians or the finns . 
  but we also love the swedes . 
  and the russians too ... a wee bit at least when they are not on that grazy pill . 
  we even love other finns ... 
  it 's complicated !, 
  leave me alone !, 
  bring beer !, 
  let 's party !, 
  brawl for a bit and then rounds for everyone ? 
  for us finns , we love you , denmark , but we love norway and iceland a bit more . 
  we are the most wild of the nords so we must rank you others how you relate to it . 
  and i am sorry denmark but you must step up your game !, 
  both norway and iceland think that you are just little germany . 
  or south sweden . 
  how embarrassing ... yes . 
  you must feel ready to fight now ? 
  mmm, 
  http://imgur.com/a/gwe53 i am not completely serious about the south, 
  m\u00e4mmi or a fishing license . 
  a bad quality ( puukko ) [ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/puukko] maybe . 
  russians are to the other europeans like the indians are to the brazilians but with nukes and political relevance . 
  they will be if the european consensus is to be . 
  i think we should be friends always and forever but also show trump why we should be friends now even thoug he is an immature narcissistic facist . 
  in lgbt community its probably our knighted ( for dropping an enemy plane with an machine gun ) artist [ tom of finland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tom_of_finland ) his art can be found by googles picture search . 
  our most famous politician is martti ahtisaari . 
  the tenth president of finland and a nobel peace prize winner ( `` for his efforts on several continents and over more than three decades , to resolve international conflicts '' ) our most famous soldier : [ white death , simo h\u00e4yh\u00e4 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/simo_h%c3%a4yh%c3%a4 ) there are some sporstmen and other but i 'm not the best to comment on those . 
  it 's not like any of them or these would be globally knowledged anyway :d, 
  the feeling of seeing the national coat of arms above the text `` european union '' . 
  it could make you feel like you are part of something great, 
  i agree . 
  when i think our democratic values , open borders , scholarly dialogue and one market it makes me feel all fuzzy and warm inside . 
  i still love them though ... 
  we both have the same heroes , or the linegaes of the heroes at least . 
  the word kalevipoeg or kalevanpojat could also be used to call the lineage for the ancient kings and heroes of both of our lands . 
  if i remember correctly the first king of our ( boths ? ), 
  land in myths was called kaleva , or kalerva , or kalevi and his sons the kalevanpojat ( kalevipoeg ) were the giants who turned the land the way it is and the first heroes ( like v\u00e4in\u00e4m\u00f6inen the ageless sage , kullervo the forlorn , ilmarinen the scientist and smith , and lemmink\u00e4inen the warrior hero ) were called kalevanpojat also . 
  i do n't know if turisas ( iku turso ) was one of them or if he was one of the `` gods '' . 
  the distinctions between are somewhat hard to make . 
  i had a nightmare where eu disbanded . 
  there were no place in the world to escape anymore because everywhere else there were madness and preparations for war and they were making the image of dispanded europe their banner of madness to march under on . 
  i hope this dream will never happen again . 
  we have one earth . 
  one planet . 
  one europe . 
  and if this europe falls ; all reason falls . 
  and no one can not escape to anywhere if europe falls . 
  as one , we are the light that shines hope for the earth and its future . 
  separated , we burn the world in an unholy black flame where millions of souls are continously sacrificed for the endless void . 
  edit : i think that trump talking about nato being something that could be dissolved and supporting the separation of eu is one of the most irresposible things that any world leader has ever done . 
  i do n't know anything relevantly new but most of the gansta rap in finland has been pretty leftist : [ asa - persepolis ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kv55hdueokw ) [ paleface-talonomistaja ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fjc3gqx3lvu ) [ avain-roihuvuori ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oym4ha8psdy ) edit : shit , i read political gansta rap not rap about what politicians say . 
  i know nothing about that . 
  = a very agressive , but still polite , way a man in a bar will pick a fight . 
  he will come really close to you and ask this question which basically means `` do you want my fist to be in your face ? '', 
  if you answer `` no thanks '' ( en kiitos ) he will , actually , usually , just go a way , asking someone else to fight him untill he finds someone willing . 
  or if not , he goes home . 
  i do n't know if this is something special but even as a finn i have always thought that this kind of an `` protocoll '' to find someone to brawl with is very sweet in a way . 
  i have had huge berzerking hulks asking me this guestion in the city center and when i have answered `` no '' they have just gone away . 
  then again , when i was young and filled with energy i might have asked the same question few times :d ( other finns experience might differ ), 
  there is basically four generations : the ancient ancestors who fought against the wilderness and countless enemies for thousands of years untill the modern times for building a better future and just because `` fuck the enemies '' . 
  those who went through the wars of modern independent finland ( 1939-1945 ) and took part are the heroic generation . 
  their deeds are legendary . 
  the generations after that untill 70 's - 80 's are known as the `` pullam\u00f6ss\u00f6 '' ( bun dough ) generation who got everything easy . 
  student loans were easily paid and jobs were everywhere ( baby boomers in the us are a good comparison ) before a depression in the 1990 's . 
  the generation gaining adulthood after that still has no name but it is still widely known as the generation that gets no slack . 
  fighting against the pullam\u00f6ss\u00f6 generations unreasonable demands ( the pullam\u00f6ss\u00f6 generation want a world where this generation pay 's for their pensions sacrificing everything in wage slavery and we get nothing in return ) generation of strife would be a good name i think because we fight against them , eachother , the history and the future . 
  it will release a number of people from the social security benefit slavery ( that more often than not destroyes their enployement odds ) to the open markets where they can become small business entrepenours . 
  anyway , today and in the future especially if we have to support a large unemployed public anyway because of automatization i see no harm in making it more efficient by amortising the public sector that judges are people eligible for said income . 
  all serious universal income plans are already such that the taxation takes care of the slack between payed income and the social income we have to pay , and are paying anyway , for the poor so that they will not rebell or do crimes ( that we already pay anyways ) .
