there is a stone in oulu , standing in the middle of residential buildings that german soldiers carved their names in . 
  it has been left in the place it was when all that there was was forest . 
  even though all else has been turned and made in to asphalt . 
  we remember . 
  thank you , for your sacrifice , knights , and let your bravery and will to do the right thing be an example for us all . 
  this is propably enough to make him a little more that just a pitiful wanker anywhere in the civilized world . 
  [ erdogan on womens rigths ] ( http://static2.worldcrunch.com/images/story/c10c85799df1a8bc0b60b7240fc37610_20141018_zaf_x99_055.jpg ), 
  finland raises its [ troops ] ( http://imgur.com/pu42sqb ) for our old brothers in arms . 
  if an irishman can compliment an englishman there is hope for us all !, 
  great answer !, 
  i am afraid your link does not work now :(, 
  i have but once been to ireland . 
  still and i must say i love you irish and your irish ways, 
  well the vikings and other varangians are from the 10th century and they still gather huge amounts of songs ... romans and sumerians even before them . 
  why not spanish tercios , i have only read about them but i have heard they were brave and a solid force to be trusted . 
  i 'm sure if there are atleast some songs about them . 
  i found some videos in youtube but i dont know if they are `` about '' them or just songs because my spanish is limited to very few words like ninjo , mujer , kvas and sol . 
  i will try to learn more . 
  i do n't believe so , what i am saying is that no one is . 
  it shows your spirit !, 
  dearly, 
  i want the song damnit . 
  i think it is as clean as any army can be . 
  there is withoud a shadow of a doubt warcrimes made in `` puolustusvoimat '' as well in the wwii , but also in the allied forces and in every other force . 
  war is basically a warcime in it self . 
  to do war is to do warcrimes . 
  what else is war than a fucking crime against humanity , exept these little things we are so drawn to , bravery , unity , helping each other . 
  what i wanted to say there is a reason to be proud of the bravery and the way the normal people overcame themselves . 
  do not condemn people who were people just because they once voted for something like brexit . 
  something they never new what it really ment . 
  be proud of bravery , be ashamed of idiocy . 
  become as brave , become smarter , become wiser, 
  it 's pretty nice . 
  i like the picture on the video !, 
  like angels decending upon us mortals . 
  very powerfull . 
  polish winged hussars i think are pretty legendary ? 
  any particular songs from them ? 
  do n't be so ashamed about men who just for their loved ones and their hounour and because they just had to do it without a choice . 
  they fought bravely and with their moral integrity intact . 
  most of them did not fight for a sick political ideology . 
  they fought for the man next to them and the ones they left behind . 
  the ss can burn in hell . 
  wermacht dines in the same valhalla as the allied and russian soldiers . 
  future britain will see this conversation : citizen !, 
  papers , i need your papers !, 
  ( ghmm mm . . ) these are a citizen 3g pass and you are on a k5 zone . 
  you bastard 'll shipped to chester you slapped dick-pie on a roach . 
  `` i did n't vote for brexit '' ( yelling as he is taken away ) . 
  whatever , i only need to see ones papers before we send them to chester . 
  i am only serious on the part where he says hail satan, 
  the russian sanctions really hit our economy , but what can i say , we love democracy and western cohesion more than short term economic success . 
  by the way , would you like to buy some paper or genuine nordic cheese ? 
  i totally agree in that europe must always stay loyal to that idea of peoples democrazy where districts govern them selves , states make broader rules , nations even broader and at the eu level are made the decisions and laws that affect the greatest picture . 
  to make that work , at the highest level of the eu government the first priority must be to protect democrazy on the lower levels of power . 
  everything else must come after that . 
  ( if there will ever be a constitution for europe one of the parts of it should say that democrazy is a sacred institution , always to be guarded by those in power . 
  or something like that ) . 
  it would but i am logged in so rarely i would make a really shitty mod and the whole sub would soon be overrun by memes and cats, 
  but you are the bad guys so you do n't count . 
  ( with national socialist youth camps and attacking neighbouring coutries by whim and all that nonsence that putin the \u0426\u0430\u0440\u044c does ), 
  translation : finland wants the best artillery in europe : the army is bying counter-battery radars in fast speed the war in ukrain has showed how efficient the weapon system is . 
  the defencive forces have desided to buy counter-battery radars . 
  it is a wholly new weapon system in finland . 
  the efficiency of counter - battery radars in destroying the enemy artillery and rocket lauchers has been seen in the ukrainian-russian war . 
  the russians have used this technology efficiently to destroy the artillery of ukrainian army . 
  `` we are buying counter artillery measures and counter battery radars . 
  with these we can locate firing artillery batteries '' - sayes the general pasi pasivirta . 
  `` finland has not had these before , but they have been in use in sweden and norway '' the defencive forces are sending their offers to buy to the military industry we are going ahead with a fast scedule . 
  if all is going to plans we will have the systems ready in 2020 . 
  the price of the upgrade will be tens of millions of euros the general says that we want to be on the top of the development . 
  if everything goes to plan we will have the best artillery in europe at least . 
  the war in ukraine has shown that casualities have been 85 % from the artillery fire , so the systems have still a great meaning in the modern battlefield . 
  `` the weapon systems have to still be so usable that conscripts can use them , that is our main consern . '', 
  coutermeasures have already been in use for ... after this it is just history and other nonsence . 
  i have not the tenacity to translate all of that . 
  you can just push the googles translate this page button in stead . 
  or learn finnish . 
   edit : sorry for the poor english . 
  i typed really fast and stuff, 
  translation : finland wants the best artillery in europe : the army is bying counter-battery radars in fast speed the war in ukrain has showed how efficient the weapon system is . 
  the defencive forces has desided to buy counter-battery radars . 
  it is a wholly new weapon system in finland . 
  the efficiency of counter - battery radars in destroying the enemy artillery and rocket lauchers has been seen in the ukrainian-russian war . 
  the russians have used this technology efficiently to destroy the artillery of ukrainian army . 
  `` we are buying counter artillery measures and counter battery radars . 
  with these we can locate firing artillery batteries '' - sayes the general pasi pasivirta . 
  `` finland has not had these before , but they have been in use in sweden and norway '' the defencive forces are sending their offers to buy to the military industry we are going ahead with a fast scedule . 
  if all is going to plans we will have the systems ready in 2020 . 
  the price of the upgrade will be tens of millions of euros the general says that we want to be on the top of the development . 
  if everything goes to plan we will have the best artillery in europe at least . 
  the war in ukraine has shown that casualities have been 85 % from the artillery fire , so the systems have still a great meaning in the modern battlefield . 
  `` the weapon systems have to still be so usable that conscripts can use them , that is our main consern . '', 
  coutermeasures have already been in use for ... after this it is just history and i have not the tenacity to translate all of that . 
  you can just push the googles translate this page button in stead . 
  or learn finnish . 
   edit : sorry for the poor english . 
  i typed really fast and stuff, 
  what i gather about the messages i get : we want to have war / eu is not an peace prodject / fake news / i voted for trump and all i got was this silly opinion, 
  how could i name a war that has not happenend .
