i was curious as to how much land that would cover when grouped together . 
  turns out it 's about 1.5 luxembourgs . 
  a lot smaller than i expected . 
  can someone explain why he was n't allowed to go to america ? 
  surely if the only two choices are doing nothing and doing something ( no matter how slim the chance of success is ) you choose to do something 100 % if the time ? 
  also it 's a bit crazy to me that he was n't allowed to be at home for his final hours . 
  what difference does it even make ? 
  good jaab, 
  speak for yourself . 
  you could do something new everyday for years in london alone . 
  northern ireland is crumlin road gaol , wales is folly farm adventure park and zoo , and scotland is arthur 's seat . 
  green = historic pink = natural grey = religious purple = tourist, 
  good guy guy, 
  it was the warmest june day since 1976 http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-40353118, 
  you could just as easily stick some cheery music over the top of this and it would be a wet dream for some people on this subreddit . 
  ohh , this is a spicy development . 
  do n't the snp have more msps than all other parties combined ? 
  they 're going to frustrate the process so hard . 
  second tier and still above france . 
  savage . 
  it 's actually warmer in london today than your part of texas was yesterday . 
  that 's crazy to me . 
  time to get out the spf 5000, 
  europe has been experiencing a heat wave recently with temperature in excess of 100f not uncommon . 
  op is joking that 65f is extreme for finland which is typically the coldest country in europe . 
  it 's a joke, 
  come to the northern ireland , the place where everyone forgets exists , even in the uk !, 
  you should probably specify which country you 're talking about . 
  i guess i can see why you 'd make that connection since they do n't eat beef , so chicken and lamb are much more prominent . 
  however , 1/3 of indians are vegetarians so they 've done the leg work of making vegetables not boring . 
  favourite as a kid was the crash bandicoot series . 
  i do n't really play video games that much anymore though i really enjoyed the last of us a few years back . 
  probably the undertones with [ teenage kicks ] ( https://youtu.be/watuw6lxcis ) . 
  indian food . 
  i 'm trying to eat less meat and it 's been a lifesaver in terms of being able to eat really tasty meals . 
  i was always a ` meat and two veg ' person but there 's so much variety in indian cuisine i have n't been craving meat all that much . 
  texas is basically america turned up to eleven . 
   the uk and england lol you do realise that the rest of the uk is n't a colony of england right ? 
  most people here are blissfully unaware that we have multi billion pound weapons contracts with the saudi government which are used to bomb the yemeni . 
  even the bbc do a shite job of reporting it . 
  we 've got them here . 
  the first time i saw one it was like a watershed moment of realising that we are truly the ever so slightly less fat america of europe . 
  is this # 1000 spending money or are you asking us will # 1000 be enough to cover your travel and accommodation too . 
  have you ever actually been to europe op ? 
  i just browsed your history and you 're acting like we 're a different species you read up on in wikipedia or something lol, 
  yes . 
  i was only 80 % sure mexico was the peso though . 
  i know the exchange rate for the usd , no idea for the other two though . 
  if i sort my music in to genres , my most listened to rock bands are : 1 : queens of the stone age 2 : led zeppelin 3 : radiohead 4 : muse 5 : tool 5 : pink floyd 6 : the beatles 7 : jimi hendrix 8 : queen 9 : the doors 10 : alice in chains -- pretty much a 50/50 split between british and american rock music . 
  i 've had the account for years so it 's not really reflective of my current tastes but it 's an idea of what i liked growing up . 
  kinda surprised to see belfast as the top comment , being from belfast myself . 
  i 'm not a fan of it but then again most people do n't like the sound of their own voice . 
  my favourite accents are geordie , american accents from the deep south , scottish ( from anywhere ) , galway , and really posh english accents because i think it would be a hilarious juxtaposition if i hooked up with some aristocratic lady . 
  until/if trump is impeached , nobody is going to jeopordize their relationship with the biggest economy in the world by saying trump is n't the legitimate president . 
  do i think that violence is the answer ? 
  absolutely not, 
  that kind of made me laugh too . 
  edinburgh university has been around for half a millennium ; its reputation , connections and international standing will survive a little thing like brexit . 
  yeah i could have easily gone with snatch or hut fuzz on another day, 
  that would be up there for sure but i was already being cheeky choosing three when op asked for one . 
  although it would n't be to a lot of people 's taste , i thought calvary was a brilliant film . 
  in fact , most films the mcdonagh brothers go near are going to be excellent . 
  my favourite british films are shaun of the dead , trainspotting and lock stock and two smoking barrels . 
  a film reviewer for the times would go with something like the third man but it 's all personal taste at the end of the day . 
  that 's a strange assertion . 
  if anything , brexit has only strengthened the eu member 's resolve to stick together . 
  the election of macron only furthers that point . 
  i 'd prefer we were a republic on principle but it 's incredibly far down on my list of priorities . 
  apparently it 's been number one for the last 6 weeks here . 
  i never voluntarily listen to the likes of radio 1 anymore so it 's totally passed me by too . 
  nah , i was born in england so i have to use the familial route . 
  i do like the fact that anyone can choose either passport to represent them in the north though if they were born here . 
  i too was being sarcastic, 
   i 'm going to go ahead and outrage the french here by saying i ** prefer ** cheap spanish brandy to expensive french cognac . 
  fuck sake , keep up frenchie, 
  the only present day one i can think of is orban because he is so opposed to taking any immigrants . 
  eastern europe gets barely any coverage in our news . 
  i 'm a fan of yanis varoufakis , he 's been on british tv a fair bit the last few years and always makes well reasoned contributions . 
  the only two scenarios i see it being used is when someone is flamb\u00e9ing food or if an old person is drinking it . 
  someone tried to do this on / r/ireland and it backfired spectacularly https://np.reddit.com/r/ireland/comments/6fmcm8/hi_irish_friends_i_am_indian_and_i_need_super/?st=j4773h0j&amp;sh=6a568a7d, 
  yeah i 'm pretty certain it extends to grandparents as well, 
  i 'm relying on it to get my irish passport once we leave the eu lol i only live about 30 miles away from the south of ireland , my mother is irish and i frequently visit family so i kinda already feel half irish anyway . 
  i do still think it will be a bit odd to travel on an irish passport considering i 've never actually lived and worked down south and contributed to the irish state . 
  as for your personal situation , the link does seem a bit too tenuous but i do n't really see why it matters unless you move to italy and claim welfare and refuse to integrate . 
  it 's fine . 
  i just would like a bit less rain . 
  my ideal weather is like 20 degrees . 
  people in this sub ca n't take banter, 
  red sauce vs brown sauce, 
  it 's hard to judge how big of a loss losing the colonies were . 
  after we lost america , the british empire was only on an upward trajectory whereas the loss of india was symbolic of the deteriorating power britain had . 
  the biggest loss for the british empire was probably the suez crisis . 
  that 's when we knew we were no longer a superpower . 
  british , irish and american history i 'm pretty well versed on . 
  my knowledge of european history is pretty sophomoric unless it 's about conflicts which involved several countries . 
  i doubt you 'll make as much here , i can only speak for the uk though . 
  i would tip my pizza guy if the total was like # 8.50 and i only had a ten pound note . 
  it would n't be uncommon for people to request their change in that scenario though . 
  you 're likely to be paid minimum wage , which is # 7.20 per hour last time i checked . 
  bae systems , third biggest in the world according to this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_defense_contractors,
