regularly go to ` foie-gras/rugby ' , fairly accurate although it 's less foie-gras and more everything you could possibly eat from a duck . 
  lots of confit and other p\u00e2t\u00e9 , geese products are sold everywhere as well . 
  this list comes up a lot , and whilst interesting has pretty dodgy methodology , i think our ` invasion ' of norway is particularly erroneous . 
  this is n't entirely true from my experience . 
  single quotation marks can be used for the first usage you described , it 's more of a stylistic choice than a hard and fast rule . 
  they also force the poor presenters to say everything twice , as if it was n't mortifying enough to say their rough stabs in the vague direction of humour the first time around . 
  no there 's not , but thanks for pointing it out , i 'll have to visit someday . 
  also as much as we hate to admit it we share a lot of culture with france , similar sporting interests , bar cricket but they 'll soon learn , we both make great cheese and cider and we both stubbornly refuse to learn foreign languages . 
  despite the fact they use the term ` footballing ' or ` football ' in other places , the term ` sporting rivals ' should really be removed because in a general sporting sense our biggest rivals are probably australia . 
  also it 's cropped right by putin , so he could be closer to people on his left . 
  does this apply when speaking in english ? 
  well it 's currently 18 % , up eight percentage points since the start of the crisis . 
  even if it has fallen since 2011 , it 's still worth bearing in mind when considering the unemployment rates . 
  yeah , that 's the point . 
  theoretically the eu is designed to create efficiency as the removal of restrictions on immigration will incentivise people to move from low wage areas to higher wage areas and this will simultaneously lower the wage in the high wage area and raise the wage in the low wage area . 
  this is obviously bad for workers in the initially high wage area but the upshot is that it is beneficial for firms in that area , and vice-versa in the low wage country . 
  as the gains to the firms will usually be higher than the losses to the workers in the high wage country then it beneficial to the economy . 
  obviously most people would like to see the worker benefit rather than the firm , or at least an even split , so its up to the government to redistribute the gains accordingly . 
  well that 's true , but i 'd take the employment figures with a pinch of salt as they do not account for underemployment which is becoming a rising problem in the uk . 
  well yes but it 's not all about how large a state is compared to a country it is also how important a definition it is compared to the things around it . 
  culturally bordering state are extremely similar , they 're are defined in many ways both culturally and socio-economically as being part of one identity , i.e. 
  the us , in a way that most countries are not even within the eu or asean or any other international body . 
  serves you right for wanting bread sauce with lamb . 
  well you 're only one away from scotland and it 's not like they 'll win more anytime soon . 
  also victory against the french is always sweeter . 
  okay , i put my hands up , accusing people of being racist was a bad argument , but whether you 're racist or not the anti-immigrant argument usually is n't based in fact but rather to do with scape-goating in tough times . 
  to be honest , i think we will get a favourable deal with the eu but there 's no guarantee that it will be as good as it is at the moment . 
  as elasticity for eu imports to the uk is generally higher than it uk exports then our bargaining position is poor , and any trade restrictions will be to our detriment not theirs . 
  furthermore for us to have the full benefits of trade with the eu it would be best to have a free trade in goods , services and the factors of production as we have at the moment and this means that we 're going to be linked with the eu anyway so why not at least stay in the eu so that we can attempt to have some say in what goes on within our closest trading partner ? 
  the reason that iceland 's size matters is that it means that they do n't have such a diverse economy as ours . 
  this means that they are extremely reliant on fishing and therefore the restrictions on fishing are more detrimental than the gain in trade . 
  in fact if these restrictions on fishing were lifted iceland would join the eu , as they have been trying to do . 
  not for a sustained period but i have been norway for about a week and i 've been to switzerland twice for a bit more than a week each time . 
  it 's not really relevant though is it ? 
  my argument is n't that life as we know it would cease to exist , i do n't think that those outside of the eu29 are living some subhuman , primordial life . 
  any improvements , or indeed problems , that i saw with these countries compared to eu ones may not be necessarily to do with whether or not they were in the eu . 
  canada and japan both have their own trade agreements within their own neighbours , but as they 're in different geographical and political climates a different type of union is more beneficial . 
  declining by what measure ? 
  in terms of economic growth that is only a recent problem and there 's no evidence to say that it will become the trend . 
  the us are currently interested in starting a trade agreement with the eu , and in turn joining the eu with mexico and canada , and has explicitly mentioned in both private and public that it would like the uk to stay within the eu for the purpose of trade . 
  even if what you say is true , which i do n't think it is , we ca n't change the past and at this point the best position to encourage trade with anyone is through the eu as it means that the uk can encourage fdi from businesses who want to trade within the eu . 
  it is better for these businesses to be in a big market such as the eu as there is room to expand rather than a small one like an independent uk . 
  i was n't using the human rights argument , because i think it 's absurd as well , i was just giving an example of the kind of laws that the eu pass . 
  i 'm not ` plotting to basically overthrow ' my own government because i want the power whether to leave or not to be with our government and , furthermore , the eu is hardly overthrowing the uk government and nor will it ever be . 
  democracy only works if the people are educated and enthusiastic enough about the particular issue and unless you think the majority of this country understands the implications of the cap i do n't see how they could vote on the eu . 
  what about the northern-renaissance ? 
  the netherlands has been extremely influential in world art for a country of its size . 
  winning the quidditch world cup ? 
  secretly invading every city in the world with ` irish ' pubs ? 
  a few grand-slams ? 
  getting rid of the british and simultaneously being fairly early in terms of women 's suffrage ? 
  all of these places do well because they are still able to negotiate trade deals with the eu , there is no guarantee that the uk will be able to do the same . 
  also the argument that some places are good and they 're not in the eu so therefore we should leave seems a bit simplistic and may lead to false conclusions . 
  furthermore examining these three countries even for a few seconds shows that they 're bad examples : norway has so much oil and as we can never be like them , iceland has a population of around 320,000 so modelling are decisions on there example would also be troublesome , and due to the common currency switzerland has had huge troubles from not being in the eu . 
  the arguments for the eu are n't ` hot air ' , conversely , they 're measured in cold economic reality . 
  it is estimated the amount of money we get back from the eu due to the increase in trade and the rebate is about 1.4 times more than we put in . 
  what 's more doubtful is the arguments against the eu as far as i can work out there are about four . 
  you feel that democracy is not direct enough and you want to repatriate power to westminster . 
  this one is quite compelling until you actually look at what the eu laws are , they 're things like fundamental , unarguable human rights and boring employment and economic laws which most people would n't care about . 
  you 're worried about the future of the eu and how it might reshuffle in the favour of those with the euro and to the detriment of us . 
  however if you believe this will happen why leave now ? 
  wait until it actually happens , do n't agree to any changes and then leave the eu then . 
  at least wait until discussions have developed a lot more than they have now . 
  you 're a racist . 
  most people who support this line of argument usually back it up with quasi-economic arguments that are n't backed in fact but rather rely on fear mongering . 
  most economists believe that immigration is good for the host country unless it becomes too rapid , and it 's unlikely that is has reached that rate yet in the uk particularly as we are trying to encourage immigration from other parts of the world . 
  money . 
  the uk is a net-contributour to the eu so if you 're blind to all the other benefits it brings then it follows that if the uk leaves the government will have more money to spend itself . 
  not one of these four arguments seems more convincing than the actual , provable , economic benefit that being in the eu brings . 
  furthermore whether we should be in the eu or not should n't be down to a referendum . 
  in theory the eu is still here to prevent a third world war , in practice it 's become an economic entity . 
  you would n't ask people to vote on whether we should still be in nato or how much qe the boe implements next quarter . 
  yeah $ 14,000 per year . 
  the minimum wage is high in ireland but not that high . 
  it 's $ 6.92 if you 're over eighteen and have n't had any experience , after two years of work it rises to $ 8.65 . 
  as i said i 'm not sure whether work outside of ireland counts so that why i went with $ 6.92 . 
  the nmw in ireland for those who have n't worked before , i 'm not sure if foreign work counts but if it does n't this will be what they are payed , is just short of $ 7 . 
  if you worked full time on that wage it 's about $ 14,000 so per month i think you 'd be making over $ 1000 . 
  i think it 's facilitating the sale and misuse of drugs and therefore it 's illegal . 
  also , i did n't go into too much detail but there are reports that she was involved in a more systematic drug selling group so i think that 's what she was charged with . 
  yeah , it was anglo-centric , i 'll update it . 
  in the uk , and more specifically england : * hrh prince phillip has gone to hospital for ` exploratory abdomen examinations ' he should be released in two weeks meanwhile the queen has celebrated the 60th anniversary of her coronation and looked around the bbc . 
  * mps and lords have been put under scrutiny as it has been revealed that they may have been bribed to bring specific issues up in their respective houses . 
  * tulisa , a former member of n-dubz and judge on x-factor , is being tried for telling an undercover reporter where to buy cocaine . 
  * a group of terrorists have been found guilty of attempting to attack members of the edl in a demonstration last year , the attack failed because they showed up at the wrong time . 
  * yet more celebrities are peadophiles * it 's sometimes sunny and sometimes cloudy and this is confusing * the english u-21 football team is shit , which is particularly annoying because scotland won against someone but the scots do n't seem to mention it a lot so it 's hard to recall who it was against or what farcical rank fifa have given them . 
  * however the english cricket team are doing alright and the most important things is that the lions are winning so it 's not all terrible . 
  * there are reports that gchq , alongside the american nsa and the pentagon , have been using internet data to combat terrorism both in the uk and in the states . 
  * the bildeberg group are in watford so people are pissed off because rich people are talking to politicians behind closed doors whilst these same rich people are being put under scrutiny for tax evasion . 
  * racists are still annoyed about the eu and are whining about wanting to leave as usual . 
  shit , that 's really generous . 
  so if you were being taxed at 30 % or higher , you 'd be better off once you 've retired ? 
  i did n't assume it was racist , i just said i would be ` at least suspicious ' . 
  of course i would assume the best of people , and try not to jump to any conclusions , but i ca n't say the thought that it was there for racist purposes would n't cross my mind . 
  and its hardly stuck up , using the flag to signal racist intent is not entirely class specific . 
  there 's lots of toffs who are overly brash with their patriotism and i 'd just as soon label them racist too . 
  union flags are semi-common on products , like bunting or the like , but flying one outside your window or waving handheld one is regarded as at best unusual . 
  the only really acceptable times to have a flag if its a ) during a major sporting event or b ) on the last night of the proms any other time if i saw one i 'd be at least suspicious of some racist intent . 
  do n't quote me on this but the welsh word for ` hug ' , cwtch is also used to mean ` safe place ' . 
  do n't you mean first four ?
