  i hope you are right that the posturing so far was only that , posturing , and that a true compromise will be found in the near future . 
  either way , the commission seems to have included a provision to allow countries to pay their way out of the quota . 
  that 's a pretty big joker for everyone who feels under-prepared . 
  on average , i already give you about 20 euros per year , so it 's a bit late for a total blockade . 
  guess what , that amount is even determined by objective criteria and not a voluntary donation . 
  we can work out something if you want to go higher than 20 , but in that case i must ask that you introduce the euro and cede some fiscal powers to our common treasury ... wait i think i 'm relapsing into the euro-threads . 
  i see it just like you . 
  that 's why instead of paying taxes , i choose my contribution to society myself , with moderation , while setting my own limits , not with arbitrarily chosen tax rates based on incomplete criteria like my income or how many dependents live in my household . 
  obviously that 's not going to work out , is it . 
  the criteria for the quotas are perfectly objetive ; population , economic power , already settled refugees , unemployment rate , with weights 4:4:1:1 . 
  if that 's not good enough , it can be adjusted through negotiation . 
  total blockade is not negotiating , though . 
  not sure about the love part , but feel free to look through this year 's articles on the issue . 
  juncker did whatever he could to keep greece in . 
  it 's just talk . 
  juncker is on greece 's side . 
  as you said , there is absolutely no reason to believe the new government will try to change the deal so why not score some cheap points with the `` lazy greeks '' crowd by playing tough ? 
  juncker was always on greece 's side during the last few months . 
  he rebuked schaeuble and annoyed the german government and , at times , even [ helped tsipras like a teacher ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/07/04/us-eurozone-greece-juncker-europe-insigh-iduskcn0pe0am20150704 ) . 
  jesus , for people spending so much time in a sub so focussed on politics you guys really fall for the politicians ' smoke and mirrors * a lot * . 
  i think that 's fair . 
  no funding for religious organisations from outside europe . 
  that would also rid us of things like american evangelicals . 
  see on the right where i have `` total positive '' selected . 
  edit : i removed some text here because i mangled up the pictures , i 'll look them up again when i have some more time , but it should be fine either way . 
  everyone 's talking about deporting rejected applicants , it 's just that the most rabid opponents of the entire asylum regime refuse to listen . 
  also , eurostat 's include all age groups . 
  you can dive into the individual age groups on the eurostat page , if you want . 
  the current dublin regulation was passed under the same rules . 
  it only has a special name for historical reasons , i.e. 
  the first , then intergovernmental agreement on that matter that was signed in dublin in 1990 . 
  the med is only one entry point and who tries to get in is not the same as who does get in . 
  the numbers above are for accepted applicants . 
  it 's a ) not a different issue and b ) we 're not being guilt-tripped -- our system was simply only designed for ordinary times . 
  a ) if people had a future in the aforementioned countries , they would n't risk the perilous journey to europe . 
  b ) and if they do come to us , our system foresaw them being dealt with in the first eu country , except we also left * those * countries alone in dealing with the issue until they , too , became overwhelmed . 
  the parallels to the euro are astounding . 
  we give ourselves a common good like a currency or a space without borders , but we pretend that we can manage that common good individually and are surprised when an asymmetric crisis almost breaks the whole thing . 
  the major difference to the euro being that asylum regulations are actually an eu power to be decided by council qmv and parliament , so we have a shot at fixing everything in a grown-up manner . 
  phew !, 
  i have a relative teaching medicine at a romanian university and as far as i can tell , that guy is most definitely corrupt . 
  so , good for arafat at least . 
  they 've been not storming our borders for years and we all never gave a shit , not even enough money to turkey , lebanon and jordan to house and feed them there . 
   75 % are male . 
  false . 
  ratio of [ men ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hcjsexz.png ) / [ women ] ( http://i.imgur.com/icyx5ko.png ) is about 2:1 , not 3:1 , and many men are expected to have gone ahead to spare their families the perilous journey and instead apply for family reunion . 
  if only half the men actually do it , the ratio already becomes 1:1 . 
   there is a high possibility some of them are isis supporters . 
  that makes no sense . 
  they are running away towards europe while european isis sympathisers are leaving europe . 
  isis just has to tell the latter to stay put . 
  or isis can afford forged papers to enter the eu using normal means . 
  they do n't need refugees to attack us , so you can be scared just fine without thinking of them . 
  tl ; dr : using refugees to smuggle terrorists in makes no sense and even if it did , there are enough other ways to get in  and money is spent on these welfare seekers whilst other more important problems like poor elderly care for instance are being forgotten and ignored . 
  be that as it may , if it 's forgotten and ignored now , it has been so long before this situation came about . 
  we have n't done something about it before , there 's no reason to believe we would do something now if it were n't for the refugees . 
  it 's actually not right . 
  not only is asylum an eu competency under the common european asylum system , it also does n't [ even require unanimity in the council ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voting_in_the_council_of_the_european_union#policy_areas ) . 
  parliament has already indicated agreement with the commission proposals . 
  fair enough . 
  good night . 
  what 's the point of your comment ? 
  you made up the 20 euro figure , it has no merit . 
  maybe dutch employers are just very racist ? 
  the data does n't support that conclusion either but we might as well disparage them without basis , for a change . 
  just stop wringing numbers that ca n't give you an answer . 
  um , no , you ca n't draw that conclusion from the meagre data . 
  in germany the unemployment rate among iraqis or moroccans is about 2x and 1.5 x the national average ( no somalis , sorry ) , respectively , i.e. 
  that 's a crass difference to the dutch numbers and inconsistent with the laziness theory . 
  something might be wrong in the netherlands , but what it is does n't become clear from that one statistic . 
  sad to hear that people have this prejudice . 
  being out of work is not the same as being unwilling to work , though . 
  20-something % of greeks would love to work despite not finding a job . 
  ok . no , not eternity . 
  for one because they can and want to work and for another because the conflict will end and even if not all will return , some will . 
  anyway , what i write now is not particularly well researched . 
  it would be better to systematically gather the collective experience of countries with more foreigners and compile a best-practice from that . 
  but if you want something from me : so , the syrian family that has been processed and found to be genuine refugees and granted asylum . 
  i do n't think they need too much . 
  language courses , a modest roof over their head , preferably somewhere in the middle of the natives to help with integration , a small allowance to get started , a place in school for the kids , and a work permit for the adults . 
  they 'll want to work -- people on this sub have focussed a lot on the smartphones and i do n't think they 'll buy many of these on a refugee 's allowance . 
  in germany there are quite a few unfilled vacancies that attract neither germans nor other europeans and i know that especially eastern europe has lost many people to emigration ( e.g. 
  hungary is down 800,000 people since 1980 ) and these poor sods will take even less attractive jobs and create new ones in time . 
  perhaps it might be smart to openly ask citizens and municipalities for settlement places . 
  we 've seen how individual hungarians came out to help the refugees in the last weeks and i 'm sure many of those would know a place for them or a job or whatever to get the ball rolling and get some experience in a more open environment . 
  well , on the positive side we can tag everyone in this thread who supports the message of this video for future reference . 
  korwin-mikke is a very ... `` special '' person that even in this climate i would n't call particularly representative of poland . 
  well , to expand your analogy : the murdering thieves have been at it for over 3 years , the mcdonalds has meanwhile filled to the brim , so have the subway and the burger king right next to it . 
  so you try to get to a less crowded place a bit further and you end up in ... well , enough of the analogy , you end up in the eu , starting with greece . 
  the original european agreement was that the peripheral states ( like greece , italy and lately hungary ) handle this stuff . 
  unfortunately , they , too , could n't or would n't handle the numbers , and so the influx spills further . 
  maybe if europe had helped out with the refugee camps in syria 's direct neighbourhood and kept these places safe and capable of hosting that many refugees , it would n't have gotten this bad . 
  maybe if it had pooled resources to control our common external border to process the arrivals properly , it would n't have gotten this bad . 
  but , alas , we did neither of these things adequately , so here we are . 
  the un convention on refugees , the eu charter of fundamental rights and our respective national constitutions and laws expect us to at least respect due process and examine each asylum application . 
  europe is far away from any hard limit except the soft one that manifests through our collective inability to agree on a sustainable procedure and provide the resources for performing it . 
  responsibility ? 
  instead , let 's blame the countries that try their best to live up to their obligations during this mess , not those who pushed the original snowball downhill . 
  by the way , denmark also participated in the libya campaign in 2011 . 
  it is you who tries to shoehorn the information to fit your agenda .
