  pm will surely deliver . 
  tl ; dr : the author [ has taken homer simpson 's advice ] ( http://i.imgur.com/0lswyee.jpg ) a bit too seriously . 
   they tended to see the euro as a political project : `` building europe '' . 
  we now know the euro did the opposite : it ended the construction of europe that had begun in [ messina in 1955 ] ( http://www.eurotreaties.com/messina.pdf ) . 
  today the european project consists of trying to digest the euro . 
  ^ ( [ link added by me ] ) i find this phrasing rather odd . 
  it implies that the euro was a needless idea , completely irrelevant to the goal of economic integration . 
  that 's not the case . 
  a currency union shifts exchange risks away from the private sector and allows it to truly integrate across borders . 
  that 's one of the goals of the whole european construction . 
  it will continue as we 've seen just two weeks ago when the [ 5p-report ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-15-5240_en.htm ) was published . 
  european integration always consisted of small steps because that 's what europe is capable of . 
  now we see that these small steps can lead to * temporary * troubles when we are covering a distance that could use one leap rather than several steps . 
  we 'll get through it . 
  yeah , but you * can * do that here . 
  we have religious freedom . 
  you should n't get in trouble just for making use of that freedom . 
  i blame fptp . 
  very confrontational by design . 
  ahmed did n't have plans to become violent until he was accused of being just that . 
  by rejecting him , he was pushed into the very path his accusers were afraid he might have taken . 
  it 's a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  had they skipped the accusation part and gone directly to mahmoud , all this would have been easier . 
  if you want to prevent a goal , you go along with the striker until you can deflect him , you do n't just stand there or even push back and risk missing entirely . 
  it 's not a fringe issue for our subreddit . 
  it 's is suffering from the lack of adequate mod tools as well . 
  it 's almost as if people that you accept and reach out to do n't turn on you . 
  it 's really great that this story gets out . 
  you 've provided no proper counter-argument and even reinforced the image the author was painting . 
  clearly , this should be the top comment ... it did , after all , feed the bigots by implying that all muslims go around beheading people . 
  well , the whole ordeal seems to have at least one positive effect : a kind of european public sphere is actually emerging . 
  * i * 'd rather not have greece leave the eu but i 'd prefer that to throwing out the rule of law . 
  if greece can break fundamental rules , what stops someone else from doing the same ? 
  it 's a slippery slope . 
  if greece remained uncooperative and in violation of the treaties despite all the negative economic consequences ( which i think will be enough to lead to a definitive decision ) , i can imagine the other member states pursuing all legal venues to push greece out , for example suspension using article 7 teu . 
  before that , we can expect the commission to open the mother of all infringement cases . 
  with this much external pressure and a deteriorating economic situation breathing down their necks , i ca n't imagine this greek government being in power for much longer . 
  i do n't think the author was trying to make a comprehensive legal argument and i 'm sorry if my comment made it appear that way . 
  i just agree with him that the situation after running out of euros will be so undesireable that the greek government wo n't stay there for any reasonable time . 
  then , if the creditors do n't soften their stance , which i would n't expect , it only has two options to get out of limbo and back to some sense of normalcy : cave in or get out . 
  that 's quite shaky reasoning . 
  i was just repeating [ this guy 's views ] ( http://britain-europe.com/2015/07/01/greece-voting-for-or-against-europe/ ) . 
  greece has delegated the power to issue currency to the ecb . 
  once it runs out of euros , it will be forced to help out its domestic economy with ious or a new drachma . 
  everyone receiving such an iou or a new drachma will be able to sue the greek state for actual euros in greek courts and in the european court of justice . 
  since the european treaties include no mechanism to claw back just the currency powers , greece will either have to make all member states amend the treaties in record time or leave the eu altogether . 
  i 'd be interested to hear whether there exists a loophole around what i wrote . 
  the bulgarian lev has been pegged to the dm and now the euro for almost 20 years . 
  bulgaria has basically been in the eurozone since its inception . 
  this is about refugees though . 
  it is up to the authorities to properly distribute them so ghettos do n't form . 
  i do n't think this is too hard a task for our countries . 
  since you explicitly avoided any detail about your neighbours , i think it 's safe to say that you do n't know how living with muslims is : no big deal . 
  but it 's nice that you think you can rank them and hundreds of millions of other people the way you did . 
  i did n't expect more . 
  the tunisians who protected the tourists with their lives appreciate such comments , i 'm sure . 
  * the eu has not even 5 % non-eu nationals , and its overall population is in an unsustainable decline . 
  we need them anyway . 
  * so it becomes 1:1000 , still not a problem . 
  * numbers increase with conflicts and decrease with their cessation . 
  nothing new . 
  * it has n't actually . 
  perhaps you have got the wrong idea from sensationalised media reports . 
  i can tell you that we have 2x as many muslims in munich as the european average and are doing perfectly fine . 
  but it 's always the same , people with the least exposure to foreigners are the most opposed . 
  there are tens of millions that never make the news . 
  [ this ] ( http://gallica.bnf.fr/ark:/12148/bpt6k5613159m/f1.image ) should be it , for anyone interested . 
  let 's put this in perspective : if it continues throughout the year , it 'll be about 1 for 2000 europeans , some of whom will have their asylum applications denied , increasing the ratio to well over 1:2000 . 
  we could handle this easily if we wanted to . 
  edit : salty downvotes for unpleasant maths : , 
  in the wider context of what happened , this is a complete non-issue . 
  in the eyes of the creditors , tsipras has not been acting in good faith , so they want him to formally put his cards on the table and no longer defame them . 
  had merkel acted in the same way , i would have no problem with the other party demanding the same from her . 
  all they 're saying is , do n't sign up to something in brussels and then takl shit about us once you 're back in athens . 
  this is n't an attack on anyone 's democracy . 
   who said anything of this sort ? 
  you ? 
  you suggested the executive branch must stay impartial . 
  tsipras is its head . 
  perhaps you wanted to talk about the civil service or something else ? 
  do n't know . 
   by asking a head of government to enter into an international treaty when that treaty contains clauses that bind one of the political parties of his nation to a specific political choice , or alternatively when that treaty asks that the executive branch actively campaigns in a referendum . 
  read the sentence again . 
  all jcj wants is that tsipras ( not his party ) publicly supports and actively campaigns for the deal he himself will have signed . 
   certainly not . 
  let 's abstract the issue : would you find it normal if the us signed a deal with germany that required the cdu to campaign in a certain way ? 
  ok , i 'll humour you . 
  as far as we 've heard no one is demanding syriza to campaign one way , only tsipras . 
  so , if merkel were to sign an agreement with washington , i would expect her to campaign in favour of that agreement . 
  the only reason someone would make her sign a pieace of paper stating that is if she had acted in bad faith before . 
  i would be more irritated by the fact that my leader is so untrustworthy that our partners must basically force her to stick to her words using a contract . 
  why would the pm have to stay impartial in the referendum ? 
  he 's not doing it now , considering how he 's campaigning for a ` no ' vote , so how is jcj asking to throw out the normal rules of democracy ? 
  hogwash . 
  salmond and cameron were n't exactly silent during the scottish referendum and everyone has hailed it as a best practice for modern democracy . 
  tsipras and juncker have pretty much the same roles here . 
  i think it 's less of a definitive rise and more of a polarisation . 
  in the 80s or 90s , there was no internet to legislate , no big international agreements negotiated together , no common currency to affect our daily lives . 
  much of what the eu did was technical stuff , but that has changed . 
  european integration has moved much more into the public consciousness over the last few decades and now people begin to have stronger opinions on the matter , but the only sure thing is that the number of do n't - knows is falling and the number of yays and nays is growing .
