  everyone else had to fight to get it , so did they . 
  but few can claim to have been so civil in achieving their goal . 
  other meanings of semitic have no bearing on the meaning of the word anti-semitism . 
  etymology does n't forever determine meaning . 
  finally , it does n't matter what label you give yourself . 
  if you discriminate against jews by using double standards against them , that 's just it , regardless of how you want to be called . 
  there was no invasion . 
  jews migrated there during the ottoman empire already and when this empire fell apart , successor states were created in its former territory . 
  as we can now see , life for israeli arabs is noticeably better than that of their neighbours . 
  they are richer , freer and safer . 
  if only their leadership had not rejected the partition plan , they too could have had that . 
  yes , in 2005 . 
  hamas shut out fatah from the administration and began attacking israel , leading to the blockade still in place today . 
  ok then . 
  here we have a european trying to draw another wrong set of borders that puts people together that do n't want to be together . 
  this time it certainly wo n't end in horrible violence . 
  i wrote `` systematic , '' not `` organised . '', 
  what cost the palestinians their state was the rejection of the partition plan by their leaders and supposed allies . 
  israel has tried to give gaza back to egypt when they returned sinai -- egypt refused . 
  israel has retreated from gaza almost ten years ago . 
  israel has not expanded settlements in the west bank beyond existing settlement boundaries for almost two decades . 
  none of what you write is even remotely correct . 
  two wrongs do not make a right . 
  at least the kurds might have their own state in the near future , if iraq does break apart . 
  what is the purpose of this solution ? 
  even the belgians are constantly on the verge of splitting up . 
  that 's a terrible `` explanation . '', 
  there 's no rulebook that says who can have a country and how many attempts they are granted . 
  the jews did n't start with massacres , they simply migrated to what is now israel . 
  yes , there were tensions , but no systematic violent campaigns against the existing yet sparse population . 
  aside from a few african countries , no other nation can claim not to have done far worse -- migrate into an area , them claim it as their own . 
  at least jews bought the land from the then-owners and were subsequently granted sovereignty of the areas they inhabited by the united nations . 
  finally , today 's israel * did not * belong to a state before israel came about . 
  it used to be ottoman empire territory and then came under british administration . 
  there literally was n't a state there before the jews founded israel . 
  now , this here is a great example of how anti-semitism looks * today * . 
  rarely is it overt racism against jews like it used to be . 
  no , it 's singling them out and using double standards to their detriment . 
  virtually every other country came into existence in a * far * less civilised way and yet , for some reason , only israel is constantly criticised for merely daring to exist . 
  i was not hoping to prove my point in that way . 
  sometimes we must engage , even if it 's just to keep uninformed readers from just swallowing the bullshit . 
  self-determination is a fundamental principle of the modern world order . 
  any group that considers itself to be one can claim it . 
  jews do because they are regarded not just as a religion but also as an ethnicity . 
  why does the jewish people not deserve self-determination through its own state ? 
  nah , they struggled with things like running out of ammunition or not having cruise missiles . 
  `` euro-nato '' could n't even deal with yugoslavia or libya . 
  russia has a comparably strong and , most importantly , coherent force . 
  i always found this monetary comparison questionable . 
  a russian soldier probably does n't cost as much as one of ours , fuel is cheaper when they make it themselves , and so on . 
  does anyone out there make something like military indices that try to include these differences ? 
  if you really care about this , you should use your favourite search engine to learn more about the representativity in the context of the statistics . 
  start here for example to get a few more keywords : http://www.robertniles.com/stats/margin.shtml, 
  i do n't have the time to explain why it is representative now , but 1000 people is enough . 
  perhaps the downvoters are annoyed that yet another person without background in statistics trash talks the methods . 
  nice to read something positive about immigration in europe . 
  not so nice that i had to read it in a publication from abroad which wo n't reach so many people here . 
  that 's for sure , but it should be their right to try to join either organisation . 
  if this is true , then it 's utterly ridiculous . 
  so the russian government can have crimea , it can have ukraine stay out of nato , it can have devolved powers for the eastern regions so it can keep meddling , it can basically have everything it wanted , and in return ... it will merely keep pumping gas into ukraine at a somewhat lower price ? 
  no punishment for the aggression , nothing ? 
  obviously my opinion matters as little as anyone 's , but i could only imagine finding this acceptable if ukraine was at least allowed to try to join nato/the eu if it so desired . 
  at least the basic principle of self-determination must be protected -- if crimea can `` vote '' to join russia , ukraine must be allowed to pursue the opposite path . 
  ... for now . 
  fuck that , let 's just stay in the limo and drive around while getting hammered !, 
   also many offline people , incluing my parents , actually believe that europe is full of stoned gay fascist pedophiles . 
  when you say that , what exactly do you mean ? 
  i mean , they ca n't literally think that , can they ? 
  it really is n't . 
  this is all selection bias . 
  choose data points that look good and then write an article . 
  in reality , germany 's total primary energy consumption is still composed of 87 % fossil fuels and nuclear : http://i.imgur.com/9xcrsny.png after a decade , the supposed saviours wind and solar make up around 2 % and we are already at a point where we have to cut back the subsidies because they are getting too high . 
  -- by now i 've spammed this link already too often , but it 's still the best information i have regarding this topic : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5bvbfwuq-q, 
  i 'm in . 
  seriously , we could just have it drive to us over night when someone wants to use it , so we would n't even have to live close to each other . 
  i remember a story of how french police escorted a tank registered in the uk because they had to let it in as it was lawfully registered in another eu country . 
  does that mean these cars will also be allowed to cross the channel or drive into ireland ? 
  i think it was well below 10,000 and i also remember it growing rapidly . 
  but perhaps my memory betrays me . 
  same here . 
  give me a shovel , i want to fix some potholes for the motherland !, 
  yeah , let 's rant about ... 
  i do n't know ... o ^ 2 instead !, 
  not sure if it 's really smart to change this if they want to minimise costs . 
  it encourages immigrants to bring their families earlier , putting them into the health and education system on top of the benefits . 
  because i asked very nicely after the first flags were introduced a few years ago . 
  oh god , i 've been here a few years already ... 
  accusing the people who learned from history and want nothing to do with illiberal anti-democracy views of not having a view of reality is just hilarious . 
  do you happen to have a source for the agreement to the referendum ? 
  yes , obviously . 
  everything 's an island . 
  except asia , that 's a peninsula of europe . 
  what state are you from ? 
  i need to know whether i can look down on you . 
  is that a 30 rock reference ? 
  in my experience it 's one of the least pro-israel subreddits there is , not sure about the russia stuff . 
  i try not to go there any more ... 
  some idiots are downvoting you for a very informative comment . 
  reddit , why do so many of your users suck so hard ? 
  he or she must be m/2 ^ ( n ) irish for appropriate values of m and n !,
