  they * all * failed . 
  some because they did n't want to bother protecting `` someone else 's '' border or because they did n't want someone else meddling in their local affairs . 
  on the 25th , all money you could have quickly added to frontex would n't have helped at all . 
  things do n't move that fast . 
  however , there was one quick option to take pressure off : let those who are genuine refugees move away from the states that are already unable to cope . 
  syrians applying for asylum in the eu had and still have a 97 % first instance acceptance rate across the whole eu ; allowing italy , greece , hungary to just register them and let them continue to germany has taken off the pressure of these places because they no longer have to try to actually house them . 
  that especially hungary has taken this as an invitation to stop processing people completely , even though the german government even offered to send help for that , is on orban 's administration . 
  all those accusations of populism and all that should be directed at the media outlets that you consume , which have failed to properly inform you of the actual events . 
  it 's the cornerstone of this guy 's `` argument '' for abolishing the universal human right to asylum , that 's what this is about . 
  no , she never said that . 
  the announcement on august 25th was about nothing more than not deporting syrians back into the first eu countries . 
  that 's it . 
  but feel free to find a proper source showing the opposite . 
  you 'll just waste your time . 
  * individuals * have characteristics . 
  aggregating them is n't necessarily useful or appropriate . 
  and you 're right , the biggest chunk of applicants are actually ... europeans from the balkans . 
  we have some data for that . 
  [ even if all migration were completely unregulated ] ( http://www.gallup.com/poll/166796/potential-net-migration-index-declines-countries.aspx ) , europe would end up with 10 % more people than it has now . 
  alas , it 's not unregulated at all , so it 'll be a fraction of that . 
  not everything will always be without any friction , but in general , in the long run we 'll all be fine ( and dead ) . 
  violence is a vicious circle and both sides must step back from it . 
  we have no quarrel with the vast , vast majority of muslims and they have none with us . 
  we need further data to determine the exact peak value but that does n't make it any less disingenuous to take the current value and extrapolate it . 
  the main groups this year have been balkan residents and syrians , totalling 2/3 of all asylum applicants in germany . 
  there simply are n't enough people in these places willing and able to attempt the voyage to even remotely justify a prolonged 2.5 m/year rate . 
  that 's material for / r/badmath . 
  a ) you ca n't take a peak value and extrapolate for the whole year . 
  not even the whole of europe will receive 2.5 m applicants this year . 
  b ) it is ridiculous to claim that europe 's way of life is threatened because the authorities temporarily house a lot of people in singular locations instead of spreading them out . 
  that 's what this submission is about . 
  1 million to 500 million is minuscule and where does that 33 % come from ? 
  itt : people with selective perception surprised by what they chose not to perceive . 
  the german government has always insisted on controlling the external borders . 
  [ here ] ( http://news.yahoo.com/germany-says-migrants-arriving-hungary-must-register-103245573.html ) 's an example from 6 days after the original announcement to help the eu 's border states and not deport syrians back to them , even though they could do that . 
  even [ german embassies in the mena region were instructed to counter misinformation ] ( https://translate.google.de/translate?sl=de&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=de&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fde.reuters.com%2farticle%2fdomesticnews%2fiddekcn0rd0ja20150913&amp;edit-text=&amp;act=url ) . 
  no , she never did . 
  all her government said in late august was that , for the time being , they were n't going to deport syrians back to hungary , greece and italy , even though they could do that . 
  everything beyond that was a game of telephone . 
  that 's needlessly dramatic . 
  the uk will vote for one thing or the other and retain a similar relationship as it has now , the euro crisis is winding down as most countries recover and the next steps of integration to prevent a repeat are already in the works . 
  ukraine is not in the eu , the other countries wo n't be walling themselves off outside of some right-wingers fantasy and germany has no such policy and will absolutely not collapse . 
  i mean seriously , our countries have gone through so much worse , have a bit of faith in our own societies . 
  the one thing the americans have going for themselves is that they pushed through their federalisation a long time ago and nowadays they reap the reward in the form of being the richest and most powerful country on earth ... so i can sympathise with moving there . 
  it 's just easier than dealing with this european bullshit . 
  no , but that would be breaking a different , lesser rule of catholicism , not celibacy . 
  as my religious education teacher , a catholic priest , explained : celibacy is staying unmarried , nothing else . 
  i 'm sure what the lady says happened just like she described ... that 's why not a single image in that video shows the things she describes , even though they are so prevalent , amirite . 
  you should make a proper post for [ some guaranteed karma ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3ncc9x/up_to_100000_people_gather_in_vienna_for/cvmrhgl ) . 
  there is a difference between criticising mismanagement in handling the situation and proclaiming the end of the european way of life because of a minuscule number of asylum applicants . 
  i 'm sure you know on which side you fall . 
  then ask . 
  if you assume , that 's up to you . 
  i actually live here . 
  i sympathise and agree that the situation of the baltic states should be taken into account . 
  however , i also think the situation of the baltic states * has * been taken into account during the debate , which is why their contingents are rather manageable . 
  either way , that does n't mean everyone can play such a card . 
  it 's not my fault that you think i was referring to some old lady in calais rather than some places more to the east . 
  alas , maybe london and paris should find a solution to that situation . 
  it 's hardly surprising that letting a ghetto form will not go without problems . 
  it 's funny that you think your claims deserve more . 
  i 'm not going to put in more time writing well-crafted arguments to counter your baseless assertions than you have . 
  it 's enough to point out that they are wrong . 
  insulting me just shows how crude and untenable your position is . 
  your cheap rhetoric does n't hide your lacking background knowledge , your claims to the opposite notwithstanding . 
  the idea that syrians are mindless religious drones is completely detached from reality and that you try to blame them for what the ottoman empire might have done hundreds of years ago is just absurd . 
  and then you even top it with crude extrapolations of population estimates over centuries . 
  just stop . 
  you do n't know anything about the people coming here . 
  couple of refugees among hundreds of thousands misbehave ? 
  to the top !, 
  a sizeable number of europeans protest to show their solidarity with the vast majority of perfectly peaceful refugees ? 
  0 points , 40 % upvoted , 1h after submission . 
  top kek . 
  yes , very good . 
  europeans have buried their hatchets within years and decades after killing each other and it has brought unprecedented freedom , peace and prosperity to our continent . 
  it 's a much better strategy than clinging to ancient wars from another era . 
  edit : the people downvoting this must have a pretty deranged mind to think that europe would be better off continuing like it 's before 1945 , avenging this or that every generation . 
  yes , but europe 's way of life is not threatened . 
  key sentence from the article :  the european union 's 500 million-strong population can surely absorb such numbers that may be small in the overall frame . 
  next sentence :  but many communities are impacted in a concentrated way who 's screaming the loudest about refugees ? 
  not the communities that are impacted the most . 
  for those who do cry out , the argument is a pretext to cloak their bigotry . 
  it 's okay to call them out . 
  ( british ) press twisting news about europe ? 
  i 'm shocked . 
  the pop-up does n't come from the eu directive . 
  if anything , then it comes from false transposition into national law . 
  they did n't just come to germany just to mooch off us virtuous germans , they even orchestrated a war in their home country so we ca n't just send them back . 
  genius !, 
  you learned german just to shop on amazon.de ? 
  that 's dedication . 
  a strawman argument is when someone constructs an argument to refute . 
  i have constructed no argument and i have not refuted anything . 
  i was mentioning a prediction i made and in the comment i linked to , there is just one prediction that i could have been referring to . 
  feel free to browser around threads from 2 or more years ago and notice how the contributions are substantially less repulsive than nowadays . 
  here 's what oliver demands in this video : * expedite application processes * fund unhcr with more than just half of what it needs * do n't kick refugees from the comments in this thread you might imagine he asked every single european to give up his home for a terrorist . 
  almost two years ago i wrote [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1w3fnr/seems_we_are_important_enough_for_stormfront_to/ceyfopv ) and seemingly nothing happened . 
  and here we are , just as i predicted . 
  that 's really just an academic detail of little importance .
