  then , by voting for a party that does everything not to have a say in how it is run , they are basically fabricating the very problem they are decrying . 
  as long as the uk is in the eu , it is subject to its regulations . 
  voting for ukip only weakens the position of those aligned with the british opinions on policy . 
  if they want out , they have to fight that battle at home . 
  mujdei works with everything . 
  everything !, 
  both amelia andersdotter and christian engstr\u00f6m do n't fit that description and they * will * be the front runners . 
  very bad . 
  britons already complain that they have not enough say in how the eu is run . 
  ukip will do nothing for them in that regard . 
  edit : not sure where the downvotes are from . 
  they do n't want to participate in the eu 's political process . 
  not just grow , it 'll probably become greens/efa/pirates if sweden keeps its 2 pirates and germany sends maybe another 5 ( and who knows about the rest of europe ? 
  knowing a foreign language helps a person understand better not only what language itself is , but also how language relates to our thinking . 
  we use language to conceptualise the world around us , but language is not neutral . 
  english does it one way , german another way , japanese yet again another way . 
  by learning other languages , we gain another perspective on our own lives . 
  we learn how language shapes our understanding of the world around us , how different cultures emerge from and interact with their different languages . 
  additionally it allows you to break out of the echo chamber that is your own language media . 
  in germany , for instance , you can hardly find a publication that is not fully on board against nuclear power . 
  it is very refreshing to read british or french media , which have a much more relaxed outlook on energy policy . 
  similarly , it amuses me when i read the crazy , half made-up eurosceptic contributions in british media , which are virtually missing in germany , aside from * very * rare appearances in some tabloids . 
  i would know half of what i know about the eu if i had n't ventured out to find confirmation for some of their claims . 
  we have * not * transferred the most important power to the eu , that 's the whole fucking point . 
  where have you been the last few years ?!, 
  that we still have separate economic policies is * exactly * why we are in this mess . 
  it 's like building a bridge and leaving out the pillars and then deducing that bridges are a stupid idea because they keep collapsing . 
  there will not be any usable civilian inertial confinement fusion any time soon . 
  nif has failed every single milestone for civilian power generation they set themselves , and they do n't even have begun to develop new theories to explain their experimental results . 
  iter and its magnetic confinement fusion , on the other hand , will succeed . 
  ^ ( source : magnetic confinement fusion physicist . ), 
   same kind of world view , same characteristics as we have in the uk that description does n't even accurately account for the variations between some american states . 
  new england ? 
  perhaps . 
  texas ? 
  probably not , jefe . 
  these aryan 's what ? 
  what ? 
  munich 's own linux distribution is called , exactly , limux . 
  pest und cholera in german . 
  i agree . 
  i do n't disagree with that sentiment . 
  there is variety , i agree . 
   similar legal systems , shared historical figures , even the same head of state these things have fairly little impact on our day to day lives , do n't you think ? 
  what i can tell you is this : i 'm a scientist and i have a lot to do with people from all over the world , from europe and beyond . 
  since we all speak english anyway , that language barrier is gone . 
  so what remains is something you might call culture . 
  and my british/irish colleagues all agree that americans are a very different kind of people while their european neighbours are very similar . 
  canada , new zealand and australia are less weird than america to them , but still more different than , say , northern germany . 
  our customs and day to day lives appear to be more defined by our environment and less by our supposed cultures . 
  it 's crammed and the weather sucks and apparently that welds people together . 
  burning fossil fuels definitely leads to rising sea levels that lay waste to vast swathes of ( coastal ) land for millenia . 
  no risk here , it * will * happen . 
  we should abandon them as soon as possible . 
  no , they also mean not distrusting the state . 
  could be . 
  in my experience the differences are not that strong . 
  and your last point , at least when talking to my relatives in romania : they 'd love a state like germany , not so much like romania . 
  like what ? 
  we have frikadellen , too . 
  also bouletten and fleischpflanzerl . 
  or perhaps the north is a ) a fraction of their size or b ) , let 's be honest here , not * that * different in that regard from germany or the uk . 
  how can someone see these stats and claim that europe were too different to be united ? 
  or that britain has more in common with the us than the mainland ? 
  from a legal standpoint alone , in germany there has to be a vote when turning the eu into a ` true ' federation . 
  from a political standpoint i 'm fairly certain that the only way someone could push that through against all the opposition ( that does exist ) would be through a referendum and a ** massive ** pro-campaign . 
  else you 'd never silence the ` separatists . ', 
  it does n't say that anywhere . 
  music in my pirate ears :-), 
  yes and no . 
  when trying to compete with modern standards , communism loses . 
  compared to the quasi-feudalism that existed in many rural parts only a hundred years ago , communism was a step forward . 
  parts of russia were basically in the middle ages a hundred years ago . 
  for instance , the soviet union raised literacy levels in russia from around 30 % before the revolution to over 99 % in the 1970s . 
  yes , and apparently i know [ the bit ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtmxhvgzisy ) better than you do . 
  do n't you think we should ask for a little more than a million euros ? 
  a million euros is not exactly a lot of money these days . 
  ~ ~ bankers ~ ~ other mad scientists make billions of euros a year ... 
  the eu did nothing about haider , it was individual states . 
  the eu also does n't have the authority to prosecute national politicians . 
  it does n't even have a police force or anything . 
  i 'm actually a little surprised that someone who apparently does n't identify himself as very `` pro-europe '' would like to give the eu these powers . 
  i 'm all for it , but there really is little more that you could do to undermine the members ' sovereignty . 
  the deprecation of assets in one part of the eurozone to buy bonds in another part is effectively a transfer of value from one part to the other . 
  this fact * can not * be discussed away . 
  i 'm not opposed to it , just do n't pretend it would n't be that way . 
  that would effectively be a transfer union ... 
  the humility makes people focus on overcoming weaknesses and not finding excuses for them . 
  it 's a good trait . 
  so we abolish patents on genetic modifications etc. 
  no need to ban gmos altogether to combat your scenario . 
   alright , i 'm only here to educate myself more on why you guys have your opinions on this matter . 
  as i am genuinely interested to know why . 
  cool . 
   as a big euroscpetic and someone from a libertarian perspective , for me the eu represents everything that is wrong with politics . 
  not only do i want my country the uk to leave , but i want the thing to break and dissolve into the history books . 
  later on you write about protectionism and how you dislike it . 
  but here you 'd prefer to re-erect borders and barriers ? 
  i do n't see the logic . 
   in my view , and as expressed by many others , the eu has no accountability , no democratic legitimacy , it is bloated , it is incredibly wasteful , it is incredibly intrusive , and it works within a failing currency .
