  jus soli is normal for the new world . 
  comes with historically being immigrant countries . 
  ttip has not been negotiated to the end , so how could you possibly know what danger it would have been ? 
  i do n't think there can be much transparency because the very nature of such deals is that each side wins some and loses some . 
  only the complete package has a chance of gaining enough support from all sides by virtue of trade not being a zero-sum game . 
  otherwise the supposed losers of one side will torpedo it before the winners of the same side get an incentive to fight for it . 
  besides , it 's quite unlikely that china and friends will champion transparency . 
  so , rejecting tpp helps ... not at all . 
  having said that , i agree that the citizens must not be kept in the dark . 
  considering that you do understand the global implications , is n't your personal view a bit short-sighted ? 
  surely you understand that the world will not evolve towards what you personally want it to be if china 's hegemony and that of like-minded autocrats is strengthened . 
  their version of tpp/ttip is going to be even less to your liking . 
  hollow phrase . 
  the netherlands are a massive exporter and that could be undermined by others with worse worker rights . 
   meanwhile ataturk 's turkey cries for help , and we ignore it . 
  qft, 
  the treaty of lisbon included some of the most important organisational improvements of the constitutional treaty but not all of them and , perhaps most importantly , none of the symbolism . 
  it 's not the same as the constitution and therefore the original claim ( that the vote was ignored ) is wrong . 
  it was n't ignored , changes were made . 
  that is * objectively true * . 
  it made everything worse because the constitution was the better reform , sure , but that 's a different story . 
  i agree , and it 's also toxic for democracy as a whole . 
  if centre-left and centre-right are together , you can only vote for non-centre parties . 
  it 's too volatile . 
  hand out pamphlets , put up posters , make calls , staff info booths in public areas . 
  stuff like this . 
  decent . 
  better than other spd candidates , anyway . 
  a left coalition is currently polling a few points away from a majority and personally i think he could perhaps win the remaining points . 
  the most probable alternative is another grand coalition and few people really want that . 
  around the euro introduction . 
  do the talking points sound familiar ? 
  must not impede growth , flexible interpretation , bla bla bla . 
  of course , the commission did n't reprimand germany and france at the time . 
  thank you . 
  you have a good memory . 
  i 've been busy with work though . 
  after my political stunts  i had to get it together to not tank my phd . 
  if the spd nominate schulz for chancellor , maybe i 'll throw my hat in for them . 
  as you say , it can really change things . 
  i vaguely remember something about beer . 
  i think the future has become very muddled over the last months . 
   le pen would get easily elected on platform of resisting submission to such a system , and then put a referendum in france for leaving the eu , which is currently easily winnable . 
  you sound very certain . 
  can you even speak french ? 
  great numbers considering there is n't any campaigning in favour of this . 
  i genuinely do n't know . 
  i 've never seen german tabloids with titles like the british ones . 
  perhaps someone else knows more about it . 
  germany did n't always have a surplus and it will not have a surplus forever . 
  germany did break the deficit rules , too , and was n't reprimanded by the commission . 
  require retractions to be as prominent as the original falsehood . 
  this position is the world stage equivalent of not having civil courage , except there is also no ( world ) police to pick up even a bit of the slack . 
  most politics is largely pre-determined by the system in which it occurs . 
  if eu politicians accountable to a european electorate made the decisions , they 'd be good for the eu . 
  if they 're made by national ( in the traditional sense ) politicians accountable to national electorates , then that 's who they will try to please . 
  now watch as putin manipulates national electorates into weakening the eu . 
  he could n't do this to the whole , but to some parts he can . 
  you can fool some people all the time , and all people sometimes , but you ca n't fool all people all the time . 
  i think you are a little too confident if you think that the kremlin is not a threat because it 's too weak militarily . 
  hard power is not the only lever they have . 
   the us is just as unethical as russia yeah , call me when american journalists critical of their government are shot and no perpetrator is ever caught . 
   [ ] strong and independent eu  [ ] more nationalism pick one . 
  neither america nor russia would be as powerful as they are if their constituent parts had enough power to step out of line when it 's in their interests and/or veto their entire union . 
  no , i did n't say trust a single source . 
  i said do n't trust rt. 
  one drop of oil spoils and entire barrel of water . 
  really , you 're putting words in my mouth and then you ridicule those words that you dreamt up . 
   being eurosceptic and us-sceptic is a positive thing imo with few exceptions , geopolitics is a zero-sum game . 
  being eurosceptic * and * us-sceptic , i.e. 
  sceptical of both major bastions of liberal democracy , simply means being in favour of authoritarian regimes like russia . 
  rt outright manufactures stories . 
  journalists have quit rt in protest over their practices . 
  rt is paid for by the russian government and it also decides its agenda . 
  neither the nyt nor reuters nor any of their competitors have been found to invent scandals . 
  their journalists do not quit in protest . 
  they are not funded or directed by any government . 
  and finally , no one criticises western governments more than western media outlets . 
  good luck finding such criticism in russian media . 
  professional propaganda is their game plan . 
  they mix carefully designed misinformation with factual reporting to de-legitimise our perception of what is going on because if we do n't know what is and is n't , then how could we act at all ? 
  this false equivalence must stop . 
  do n't make the mistake of believing that the truth must lie between rt 's version and the nyt 's . 
  that you do fall for this line of thought is the kremlin 's hope . 
  they are waging an organised campaign of disinformation and rt is one of their tool in this campaign . 
  thankfully the eu has started countering this with the [ east stratcom task force ] ( https://eeas.europa.eu/headquarters/headquarters-homepage/2116/-questions-and-answers-about-the-east - ) . 
  more efforts should follow this . 
   when in fact the us is arming and paying isis no , they 're not . 
  but russia wants you to believe that while they bomb assad 's non-isis enemies such that the choice is reduced to isis or assad -- and , of course , everyone will pick assad over them , so russia gets what they want . 
  you should n't post trying to convince your opponent . 
  it 's no use in most cases . 
  you ca n't make the pope protestant . 
  this is about reaching third readers . 
  can you open windows on opposing sides of your home to create a current ? 
  a breeze will cool you more than anything . 
  it 's union then . 
  because it curtails the future rule of the people ? 
  i do n't see how one can argue that doing away with democracy , by whatever means , is anti-democratic . 
  i mean , it 's against democracy , clearly . 
  even by your definition the act of abolishing democracy through a vote must at least be paradoxical or ambivalent considering that it uses an act of democracy ( pro-democratic ) to harm democracy ( anti-democratic ) .
