  it 's good that we are taking steps to reduce our power consumption before it gets to that point . 
  i 'm not an apologist , i just know more about this than you do . 
  my city has twice the european average share of muslims and is doing great , regularly topping the lists of the world 's most livable cities . 
  i also notice that xenophobia is higher where there are no foreigners . 
  something tells me you live in such an area . 
  yeah , but at least it did get better overall , because of people like you . 
  10 years ago it was so bad , it made you angry enough to found a party and jet around europe to spread it , and i have n't seen you do that in recent years ;-), 
  `` supporting sharia '' can mean too many things to be a useful argument for your case . 
  on the other hand , tens of millions of muslims in europe and hundreds of millions around the world lead peaceful lives , often among different faiths , without problems . 
  anti foreigner sentiment will decrease as contact with the foreigners becomes more common and the scare stories lose traction . 
  it 's been the same everywhere , this wo n't be different . 
  it was n't the taking part that was being questioned , but the part were you share it on potentially commercial platforms . 
  it 's a start . 
  locals will realise they 're not all literally hitler and become more relaxed . 
  this is parliament , not council . 
  he 's not representing the citizens of his country , only his voters in his constituency . 
  to be honest , i ca n't believe this at all , especially when it comes to measures that have no fiscal impact or even positive impact . 
  even if it were true , the creditors would have liked to see constructive but unilateral reforms much more than the shit-show that 's happening right now . 
  regardless , it 's not like the [ hellenic parliament has n't been enacting legislation ] ( http://www.hellenicparliament.gr/en/nomothetiko-ergo/psifisthenta-nomoschedia ) since syriza was elected , which for some reason has not enraged the creditors . 
   to give a rough assessment of the progress made by countries in addressing reform priorities , a `` responsiveness rate '' indicator is constructed for each individual priority area in each country . 
  in a nutshell , it measures the share of total policy recommendations on which governments in each country have taken some action . 
  it considers only legislated as opposed to announced changes ( box 1.1 ) . ^ 3 the reform responsiveness indicator is a measure of the extent to which oecd countries have followed up on going for growth recommendations , but it does not aim to assess overall reform intensity per se , which would require both accounting for reforms carried out in areas not identified as priorities and quantifying the importance of each individual measure . 
  nor does it aim to assess effective reform implementation , as discussed below . 
  [ page 18 ] ( http://www.oecd.org/eco/growth/going-for-growth-2015-taking-stock-of-reform-action-and-identifying-priorities-in-2015.pdf ) . 
  so , being on top in that index does n't necessarily mean much . 
  the problem is , the euro is all but entirely separate from the regular eu structure so it wo n't teach you much about the greek situation . 
  basically all of it happens in the european council and national parliaments , with a bit of day-to-day help from the european commission . 
  i do n't necessarily disagree with you but ... well , you did n't choose a very good example . 
  of course this is discussed a lot here and nowhere else , because there is n't another forum like this anywhere else ( to my knowledge ) and what would be the point of talking about this inside a single country ? 
  criminal justice is not among the powers of the eu , but , sure , why not , we can have a referendum anyway . 
  jedenfalls , danke fuer die antwort , aber du hast deine eigenen links nicht genau gelesen :  overall , the psi extinguished $ 106 billion of debt ( 54 % of gdp ) , but it also generated new debt of $ 30 billion to the efsf ( the ` credit enhancement ' ) , as well as an estimated $ 36 billion of losses for greek banks , which would need to be recapitalised ( including the 53.5 % face value loss and subsequent mark-to-market losses ) . 
  the net debt reduction thus amounted to $ 40 billion . 
  what option would i vote for if i just do n't think very highly of the greek elites but wish regular greeks no harm ? 
  can i have my personal referendum on empowering olaf to prosecute national politicians across the whole ez ? 
  the debt is paid back ... by rolling it over into new debt . 
  as long as the market is solvent and the bond does n't appear to be in danger of defaulting , someone will always be there to buy your bonds on the secondary market if you really need to cash them half-way through . 
  the amount itself and only itself is not the defining number . 
  for example , japan 's debt is 230 % of its gdp , but no creditor ( most of which are japanese anyway ) believes they 'll suddenly default or stop paying interest or pull any other shenanigans , so there 's no problem -- in short : japan can sustain its debt . 
  ( by the way , you are using accents ` instead of apostrophes ' . 
  unfortunately i do n't know where the apostrophes are on a portuguese keyboard . ), 
  sovereign debt is not household debt . 
  it 's not supposed to be paid back . 
  where would banks/savers , pension funds or insurance companies park their money if not in safe sovereign bonds ? 
  the real question is , is it sustainable ? 
  and the answer is , yes . 
  [ greece is paying less for its debt as share of gdp than italy or spain and only a bit more than france and germany . 
  average greek bond maturity is almost twice the length of germany 's ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6e5532c0-a310-11e4-ac1c-00144feab7de.html ) . 
  if these countries mange , then so would greece . 
  [ 2015 would have been the last year with significant payments ] ( http://graphics.wsj.com/greece-debt-timeline/ ) . 
  with the interest rates that greece was offered in late 2014 , everything beyond that could have been rolled over easily when it came to that . 
  the whole `` debt too big to be paid back '' story is a red herring at this point . 
  if we were to go back in time enough , we could write similar complaints about china or america , probably all countries ( `` united kingdom ?!, 
  never !, 
  the sovereignty of anglia is eternal ! '' ) . 
  america suffered from state interests diverging , not just in during the articles of confederation but all the way through a civil war . 
  china also went through periods of fragmentation and conflict that were not concluded on cordial terms . 
  but citing contemporary problems like these as show-stoppers is just extreme status quo bias . 
  of course , if we have powerful states that can formulate their interests , they will do so and there will be clashes . 
  this happens even inside countries , e.g. 
  selfish bavaria does not want to build power lines to get wind power from the coast to the alps and demands other states do it for them . 
  but that is not because bavarians are instrinsically opposed to the german federation , it 's just that germany 's set-up allows this interests to emerge and be expressed . 
  if germany were a unitary state or at least not have its states interfere in federal construction plans , this could not happen . 
  similar things happen in america , think about the tanks the army does n't want but that get built because some congresspeople just had to keep the factories in their constituencies running -- even if it 's to the detriment of the whole country . 
  imagine that america used a pure-pr election system for congress : there likely would n't be congresspeople who need a specific factory up and running to keep their seats , so they would n't push it through against the pentagon 's wishes . 
  it 's a systemic issue that appears in many places , not something exclusive to 2015 's europe . 
  if europeans were born into * a kind of * united states of europe that handles the big issues like looking after the continental economy , security and foreign policy and leaves its member states to deal with all the rest ( education , police , ... ) , no one would care much . 
  they 'd quibble about small things like everyone else does , but not question the whole structure . 
  unfortunately , we 're not born into a fait accompli , so we have to overcome the systemic resistance , which is not a law of nature but inherent to the system currently in place . 
  that can and is being done very slowly . 
  the silencing of national egoisms that lead us to the brink in the past just takes time -- and their silencing is the biggest point of the whole thing . 
  could , not necessarily would . 
  rumour has it that the plenary session will overturn the committee 's recommendation and extend freedom of panorama across the eu . 
  we are taught about the dangers of steigb\u00fcgelhalter \\* * in school * and still lucke and his band of reactionary know-it-all professors let it happen once more . 
  they deserves no pity at all . 
  \\* literal translation : stirrup holder ( s ) , someone who helps extremists get into power mistakingly believing he would be able to control them for his own purposes, 
  the debt is n't a big problem any more . 
  [ greece is paying less for its debt as share of gdp than italy or spain and its average bond maturity is almost twice the length of germany 's ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6e5532c0-a310-11e4-ac1c-00144feab7de.html ) . 
  [ 2015 would have been the last year with significant payments ] ( http://graphics.wsj.com/greece-debt-timeline/ ) . 
  with the interest rates that greece was offered in late 2014 , everything beyond that could have been rolled over easily . 
  in [ this sz article ] ( http://www.sueddeutsche.de/wirtschaft/weg-aus-der-krise-was-in-griechenland-schiefgelaufen-ist-1.2427626-2 ) ( german , sorry ) , a troika insider voices his disappointment that syriza has dialed back austerity but not compensated with actual reforms and anti-corruption work , as everyone had expected . 
  i have no actual stake in this whole thing . 
  personally , i 'm unaffected , so i have little reason to agitate against one side or the other . 
  so , from my imho neutral position , the troika may not have done everything correct , but they 're ultimately not responsible for the situation . 
  significant parts of the greek elite are pulling the wool over the eyes of the greeks right now and too many are buying it . 
  in comparison , within 10 years , romania went from establishing an anti-corruption agency to convicting former prime ministers . 
  within 5 years and all this terrible situation unfolding that should be motivating , greece was , as far as i know , only able to prosecute a single tax evader from the 2000 + names long lagarde list . 
  sorry man , syriza may not be corrupt like the others , but they still seem to be trying to buy off a certain clientele within greece to the detriment of the whole country . 
  with our without debt , inside or outside the euro , greece will not regain its quality of life if it does n't fix its domestic problems . 
  all the other talk is missing the point . 
  your oecd graph is very nice , but it only serves as an argument if you assume that the baseline was the same in every country -- it was n't . 
  the article you linked includes this :  in a sharp response to critics , blanchard 's report also notes that : `` some commentators interpreted our earlier [ findings ] as implying that fiscal consolidation should be avoided altogether . 
  this does not follow from our analysis . 
  the short-term effects of fiscal policy on economic activity are only one of the many factors that need to be considered in determining the appropriate pace of fiscal consolidation for any single economy . '' the [ recent imf report ] ( http://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/scr/2015/cr15165.pdf ) this :  by late summer 2014 , with interest rates having declined further , it appeared that no further debt relief would have been needed under the november 2012 framework , if the program were to have been implemented as agreed . 
  but significant changes in policies since then -- not least , lower primary surpluses and a weak reform effort that will weigh on growth and privatization -- are leading to substantial new financing needs . 
  ultimately the two things i mentioned in the post above are just two out of too many that have n't been tackled in the past 5 years , which is very concerning considering how much greece has already done according to the oecd . 
  it must have been in terrible shape before the whole ordeal began . 
  there is a difference between agreeing to something and actually doing it . 
  there would n't be so much pressure for austerity measures if things like tax collection or real-estate registration would have been fixed/establised over the last 5 years . 
   he stressed that slovakia is ready to help ex voluntate . 
  i 'm sure we 'll hear of a voluntary offer to help any day now .
