  but i think i can go out on a limb here and say that you probably do n't think there 's an organised effort to undermine european civilisation underway , that the end of occidental culture is upon us or that we 're about to succumb to diseases brought here by parasitic refugees ( three random examples paraphrasing things european leaders have actually said in the last few months ) . 
  people with experience have realistic expectations of the chances and challenges associated with the situation . 
  i know you are making a vw joke , but dealing with the exhaust is actually a pretty hot topic in fusion research at the moment . 
  quite literally even : there 's fear that a tokamak reactor 's `` exhaust pipe '' might melt under the load . 
  that depends on what you mean by instability . 
  tokamaks are plagued by a number of potentially terrible instabilities that are linked directly to the plasma current ; stellarators are immune to those . 
  microinstabilities that drive turbulence will still affect it , and since w7x has only been `` neoclassically '' optimised ( i.e. 
  to minimise radial drifts of trapped particles ) , it will probably still not have ideal confinement , although there seem to exist some calculations that claim that w7x might `` accidentally '' also stabilise them . 
  if everything goes well , we 'll have the first results in a couple of months and then we 'll know where we are . 
  edit : also , edge localised instabilities , too , seem to affect stellarators . 
  i 'm sorry you had that experience . 
  still , there is a big difference between having contact with a manageable number of individuals here and and visiting an established community there . 
  if it 's not too nosey , and independent of the submission , can you expand a bit on your experience ? 
  i 'm curious to learn more . 
  how did that suffocating feeling come about ? 
  were you barred from doing things ? 
  it 's nice that you try to bring some level-headedness into this but ultimately you ca n't reason someone out of something they were n't reasoned into . 
  the biggest opposition comes from places where you have trouble finding any foreigners at all ; that opposition is not based on facts but a distorted idea of what foreigners are like . 
  the perhaps only way to change it is to foster contact between these places and the scary foreigners ( which is why it 's good that the eu has already agreed to a distribution scheme ) . 
  of course there is also opposition from people who have had negative experiences with individual foreigners and decided to generalise that experience to all of them . 
  not sure what to do about that though . 
  cross your fingers all you want , just do n't also hold your breath . 
  aneutronic ^ ( 3 ) he-d fusion requires about an order of magnitude higher temperatures than d-t fusion , and that 's already quite challenging . 
  that 's great and i hope more will follow , from czechia , the rest of europe and beyond , because $ 5 million are quite literally too little , too late . 
  at wfp levels of around $ 1 per day , this feeds [ jordan 's more than a million refugees ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/jordan/11869777/in-jordan-we-understand-a-refugee-crisis.html ) for not even an entire week . 
  good luck penetrating that reality distortion field . 
  in the minds of the anti-asylum crowd , facts are optional . 
  really ? 
  you 're trying to weasel out of that part of christianity ? 
  the helping out people in need part is straight out of the bible . 
  take your pick : http://www.openbible.info/topics/helping_those_in_need, 
  the pope is in favour of helping refugees , yet they do n't seem to care too much about that . 
  here , like in other cases , religion is just used as a pretext to justify whatever people believe by themselves while it is ignored where it does n't support their beliefs . 
  [ google translate ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?hl=&amp;sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.all-in.de%2fnachrichten%2fdeutschland_welt%2fpolitik%2ffluechtlinge-gewerkschaft-der-polizei-gegen-grenzzaun-zu-oesterreich%3bart15808%2c2101682&amp;sandbox=1 ), 
  of course it 's stupid , that was 3dom 's point . 
  occam 's razor to the rescue : it 's because they risk being deported if spotted by the authorities and because being on their own at the bottom of swedish / < chosen host country 's  society is more appealing to them than whatever situation they escaped from . 
  that also matches the experiences of other countries perfectly . 
  i think you can summarise the mep 's position as follows : 1 . 
  germany and france dictate . 
  by opening and closing its border , germany acts recklessly to the detriment of others . 
  on top of that , they do n't listen to other people 's legitimate concerns . 
  to that there are simple responses : 1 . 
  a majority decision was made a while ago . 
  we can look up which governments and meps voted in favour or against it . 
  it was n't just germany and france , that 's for sure , so we it 's incorrect to characterise the decision as a franco-german diktat . 
  on the 25th of august , the german government made an announcement . 
  before that day , two things were already fact : a ) syrian refugees anywhere in europe were granted protection at a rate of over 97 % and b ) the member states at the external border , greece , italy , hungary , were struggling to cope with the number of arrivals . 
  in that light , the german government announced one thing , and one thing only : that syrian refugees will not be deported back to the aforementioned countries if they reach germany . 
  it was not an invitation to anyone , it was not a permission to open the external border or to cease processing the arrivals -- in fact , the german government insisted on the continued registration of any applicant and even offered to send hungary public servants to help out with that task : no response from budapest though . 
  furthermore , the german government has , during the entire chain of events , not opened or closed any borders . 
  as written above , it has at some point decided not to deport syrian nationals , and it has at another point reinstituted temporary border checks to gain some control over the influx -- control it did n't have , because other governments refused to carry out their duties under the law . 
  of course , those border controls were only imposed after notifying the european commission as prescribed by the very same law . 
  before the vote , some governments and people demanded that the external border be strengthened ; that 's in the adopted proposal . 
  they demanded that arrivals be registered in the first eu country they enter ; that 's in the adopted proposal . 
  they demanded that certain countries be declared safe , so that applicants from there can be rejected more easily ; that 's in the adopted proposal . 
  they demanded that the eu support syria 's neighbouring countries to prevent more refugees from moving further ; that 's ... in the adopted proposal . 
  what these governments did not include in their demands is a solution to the question of `` what do we do with everyone that does knock on our doors ? '' . 
  and to that question , the adopted proposal includes a quota so that every member state takes a fair share . 
  it is completely disingenuous to claim that their concerns were not taken into account * at all * , when , in fact , the majority of their demands are actually included in the adopted proposal . 
  so , while that mep might sound polite and professional , by twisting the facts he is guilty of the very `` obscurity '' that he decries . 
  now that i have typed this out i 'm betting that guy belongs to pis , so let 's look him up ... whaddya know , i guessed correctly . 
  another nail in the coffin of `` migrants are just coming for the welfare '' . 
  if it happens here , at least we have a chance of doing something about it . 
  if it happens abroad , we got nothing . 
  what is it supposed to mean to be the most important country ? 
  less than 10 % of the economy , about 14 % of the population . 
  as we 've seen recently , imposing things requires qualified majorities well beyond 10 % or 14 % , so this is a non-issue . 
  as for the culture , and because i 'm home early from the local nightlife : one of [ these pictures ] ( http://imgur.com/a/kzkim ) shows the results for an image search for `` nightlife turkey '' and one for `` nightlife italy '' . 
  i dare you to tell me which is which just from looking at them . 
  no , but seriously , turkey is a secular modern country , where , for example , women can vote since the 1930s and are in control of their own bodies ( i.e. 
  abortion on demand is legal ) -- both of which quite a few european countries ca n't claim for themselves . 
  of course , there is still much to do in turkey , but it 's going in the right direction and this hand-waving `` they 're too different '' is a baseless assertion that contributes nothing to the discussion . 
  the variations within turkey are larger than the difference between average turk and average other european , e.g. 
  young urban dwellers in turkey have more in common with me than the grumpy farmers in bavaria 's hinterland . 
  merkel has quite skilfully disposed of every credible competitor . 
  if she leaves , she does so out of her own volition . 
  after reviewing some other sites i agree . 
  fortunately , it does n't affect the gist of my argument : benefits are similar in different countries and yet they do n't receive similar numbers of applicants , so the original comment 's assertion does n't hold . 
  except several countries offer the same benefits and have wildly different numbers of people arriving in them . 
  the benefits in germany , france or finland are almost identical , and yet the number of people aiming for them varies * a lot * . 
  it 's not about benefits . 
  can you please point me to the submission ? 
  i ca n't find it * anywhere * on this sub . 
  also , it 's not `` news '' at all , it 's a summary that dispels the idea that migrants move only to places where the highest benefits exist because the number of arrivals varies * a lot * between countries with similar benefit levels . 
  i understand you want to keep the sub civilised , but this is friendly fire . 
  case in point , with you showcasing the unwelcoming part . 
  an applicant in germany gets a [ maximum of 359 euros ] ( http://www.n-tv.de/politik/welche-leistungen-erhalten-asylbewerber-article15724966.html ) , including housing support . 
  that 's the bare minimum considering the cost of living . 
  in , for example , denmark , after the cuts , you get [ around 6000 dkk ] ( http://www.thelocal.dk/20150826/denmark-passes-controversial-refugee-benefit-cuts ) ( 800 euros ) . 
  even if taxes have to be paid on that , it 'll still be almost twice as in germany , despite the cost of living being only about 30 % higher . 
  and yet , many refugees were n't keen on staying there , if we think back to the situation a few weeks ago . 
  recent fluctuations are within the margin of error . 
  no one was instigated to anything . 
  germany insisted on processing applicants in the first eu member state they arrive in , even offered help in doing so to hungary . 
  it 's also legal within the acquis to allow core countries to process claimants despite having the possiblity to deport them back to the first border country . 
  it 's very simple , no statute has been broken . 
  thanks for posting this , now i do n't have to . 
  but it 's already in my clipboard , so here 's a second source : http://www.zeit.de/gesellschaft/zeitgeschehen/2015-09/integration-zentralrat-der-muslime-aiman-mazyek, 
  the question is about germany , yet you quote something about external borders , which germany does n't even have . 
  but go ahead , try to sue the chancellor for that and see how it goes .
