  if there was any merit to your opinion , they would n't . 
  these people qualify as refugees , not economic migrants . 
  i would n't wish their situation on anyone , but perhaps your likes actually need another war to ravage your homes before you understand . 
  i 'm from eastern europe myself so spare me the `` you westerners do n't get it '' stick . 
  the first safe country rule comes out of the eu 's dublin regulation and only concerns the first safe country in the eu and changing that is exactly what austria is demanding now . 
  even then , the safe country rule is not in the un declaration nor the charter of fundamental rights , and even if it were , legalistic arguments carry basically no weight in political debates . 
  as i said , the * whole package * is a benefit , but individual aspects can still be perceived as negative . 
  as the situation develops , a re-balancing of the aspects is necessary . 
  all eu member states have a legal obligation to implement the right to asylum , either because of their own national laws , because of the un declaration of human rights that they all subscribe to , or the eu charter of fundamental rights article 18 that they all ( except uk/pl ) ratified . 
  it 's unfair that some eu member states think they can just forget their obligations because they won the geographic lottery . 
  the opposing governments would sound very different if they had a mediterranean coast themselves . 
  you are mistaking `` it works for you '' with `` it works '' . 
  most germans or austrians , as an example , do n't have an immediate benefit from their money helping eastern europe . 
  they do n't have necessarily have a benefit from workers from there competing for their jobs . 
  but the whole package is a good thing . 
  that 's why the entire union is a compromise . 
  you take something , you get something . 
  this refugee situation is a new development and we have n't yet balanced the interests concerning it . 
  just saying `` we 're fine , thanks '' does n't cut it . 
  it 's not a union if it falters the moment there is some trouble . 
  a fair-weather alliance is useless . 
  and as you can see from this submission , it 's definitely not just germany . 
  yes , of course , but ultimately it 's a failure of democracy when a court has to impose things that the democratic process was unable to agree on . 
  sure , it gets the job done , and it 's an easy way out for politicians that do n't want to make the tough decisions but it also fuels resentment against the system . 
  convincing someone is always better than coercing them . 
  if this breaks the union then there never was one to begin with . 
  i entirely agree , a syrian is not an alien from another planet . 
  and giving shelter to a few of them will not compromise their identity . 
  listen , do n't be fooled here . 
  the talking points coming out of eastern europe are * exactly * the same that we hear from some backwater parts of eastern germany . 
  behind them there is the same bigotry , even if the governments try to cloak it . 
  honestly , when it comes to the current issue , the uk is not among my primary concerns . 
  the uk and france 's inability to deal with a mere 3000 people in calais is embarrassing , but so be it . 
  my problem , first and foremost , is with newer eu members who cling to a thinly veiled notion of white purity . 
  that 's just unacceptable . 
   the position advocated by austria draws upon article 80 of the treaty of lisbon , which stipulates that eu member states shall abide by the principle of solidarity and fair sharing of responsibility . 
  the austrian government believes the dublin iii regulation has yet to observe this principle to a satisfactory degree . 
  in a message to austrian states , minister brandstetter warned that there also needed to be solidarity within countries . 
    threats of a lawsuit before the ecj   austria plans to give the european commission two months to come up with its own proposals to improve upon the dublin regulation . 
  should the commission fail to do so , austria intends to bring an action for failure to act against the commission before the european court of justice . 
  if the ecj rules in austria 's favour , the commission will then be legally required to act , according to minister mikl-leitner . 
  it 's not good when unelected courts have to make the right decisions but if there 's not other way , so be it . 
  how dare you ? 
  they 're europeans !, 
  they are entitled to all the funds and free movement and everything !, 
  not like those icky syrians ... who surely did something to deserve their warzone ... each and every single one of them . 
   who say it would be more sensible to fund homeless shelters where the homeless already are , to provide them with good food and try and end the problem of homelessness . 
  aside from the fact that sheltering refugees has nothing to do with inviting people into anyone 's actual home , these governments are also not advancing such an initiative . 
  if they did , you surely would n't have problems point us in its direction , would you . 
  white guilt , uh-huh . 
  what i hear from you is the same stuff that comes out of east germany and that place is broken by itself just fine . 
  xenophobic , incestuous rejection of outside influence is not a good strategy . 
  sounds like some east germans . 
  `` we 're not nazis , but we have to keep our country pure ! '', 
  it 'll change once people realise that they 're not dealing with the devil . 
  the eu has 500 million people . 
  it could take one newcomer for every 500 residents per year , no problem . 
  a community that ca n't deal with that rate does n't deserve to be called a community . 
  also , of course this solves problems . 
  what do you think immigrants do ? 
  they send money home . 
  it 's like foreign aid , except they work in return and it goes directly to the population in their old country and does n't just end up in the hands of corrupt government officials . 
  finally , did kfor turn kosovo into a colony ? 
  hardly . 
  not sitting idly by could simply be to control the price of oil before it becomes problematic . 
  yes , us capacities , even with offline fields , are nowhere near as high as they would have to be to supply the whole world . 
  marginal cost advantage will get them only so far if their goal were to ruin ksa/opec ( which it is n't ) . 
  opec 's 40 % market share ca n't be compensated by the others , and they 're not the only ones who 'd like the oil price to not collapse . 
  furthermore , plenty of the refugees are not low-skilled and despite the constant right-wing rhetoric , the cultural gap is not hard to bridge . 
  they 're people , not monsters . 
  additionally , the idea that people fleeing from -- in parts religiously motivated -- conflicts would bring them here is illogical . 
  we have people leaving europe ( born and bred here ! ), 
  to go fight in these places ; if someone wanted to strike in europe , they 'd just have to stay here and do it . 
  and what is it with eu passports ? 
  this is about hosting refugees . 
  we are years from anyone being naturalised , if it at all . 
  until then it is perfectly possible to spread them around , but so far several governments are resisting . 
  also , just because there are safe regions nearby does n't mean everyone will end up there or can stay there . 
  the claim that everyone who goes someplace else is just in it for the money is pure conjecture . 
  ultimately i do n't see what you are trying to get at . 
  that there is a possibility of the situation deteriorating to a point where we really ca n't deal with it anymore ? 
  sure . 
  that 's not a reason to not deal with it now . 
  anyway , this comment thread has progressed to a point where almost no one will read it and it 's getting late . 
  i 'm stopping here , good night . 
  to come up with an actual number would require way more work than i 'm willing to do for a reddit comment , so i 'll limit myself to `` as many as we can handle '' , which is way more than the eu hosts now or supports abroad . 
  but then again i 've always been kinda hawkish so i 'd also be okay with taking some of that money and dealing with the problems at their source . 
  e.g. , libya is a geographically vast oil-producing country of merely 6 million people or so . 
  an analogue to kfor could pay for itself and if it were to become a safe country again , yay everyone . 
  it 's not irrelevant ; the potential loss of their output can be compensated by other and/or bigger producers , which is why the world can go on ignoring them . 
  we ca n't deduce from their situation that the world would sit idly by if more important producers would face problems . 
  the marginal price of us shale oil is nice and all but ultimately us capacity can not satisfy world demand . 
  maybe you can spend a few more word to explain to me how they will keep the price up if opec+r ussia reduce production ? 
  ( also , my numbers for ksa say they 're at just under 10mbbl/day , where do you get yours ? ), 
  finally , your previous post did n't appear to be talking about a single million . 
  one million for 500 million europeans alone is definitely manageable . 
  of that supposed million , only [ a small fraction ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:countries_of_origin_of_%28non-eu%29_asylum_seekers_in_the_eu-28_member_states,_2013_and_2014_yb15_iii.png ) are from places like nigeria and thus * might * be considered economic migrants . 
  ( not sure why you mention somalia or eritrea , those are obviously not safe places . ), 
  i dislike that up - and downvotes can lead to my responses being hidden , but otherwise i could n't care less about them . 
  the vast majority of iraq 's oil wells remain out of isis ' hands .
