  do tell , how do you determine a world view by looking at the alleged holder of that view through your screen ? 
  are they just guilty by association because of where they are from ? 
  [ sch\u00e4uble is open to the idea ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/wolfgang-sch%c3%a4uble-backs-euro-fiscal-budget-proposal-1.2297860 ) , so i would n't give too much on gabriel here . 
  edit : actually , the original idea is even from macron and gabriel : https://euobserver.com/economic/128964 ... i think they 'll figure something out . 
  looks like gabriel wants transaction taxes and corporate taxes and macron/sch \u00e4uble support vat/income taxes . 
  edit 2 : lazy journalists , it should be their job to provide such context . 
  grr . . 
  thank you for the comprehensive answer . 
  yes , that 's the problem . 
  i did use to look forward to procrastinating on / r/europe ... [ people ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evsle28hogi ) i know we do n't exactly see eye to eye on european integration , but ignoring that aspect for a moment : what do you think about the whole situation ? 
  this is the dublin regulation : http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/html/?uri=celex:32013r0604&amp;from=en  this regulation lays down the criteria and mechanisms for determining the member state responsible for examining an application for international protection lodged in one of the member states by a third-country national or a stateless person ( ` the member state responsible ' ) . 
  i would say this binds member states , not refugees . 
  feel free to look through the text , but ultimately , imho , the question of who breaks what is for a court to answer . 
  what really matters for us is that as long as the numbers of asylum seekers were small , we had a system where the member states at the border would handle it by themselves . 
  now that the numbers are larger , the peripheral states are having problems . 
  how do we respond to that situation ? 
  do we insist on the peripheral states handling it by themselves even though they ca n't help being at the border ? 
  or do we help them somehow ? 
  germany is neither violating rules nor depriving anyone of anything . 
  the german government is , in fact , [ expecting that the border countries are performing the registration properly ] ( http://in.reuters.com/article/2015/09/01/europe-migrants-germany-syria-idinb4n10101j20150901 ) . 
  the only thing it said is that it will not deport syrian refugees from germany to hungary and the other peripheral states . 
  syrians that get accepted with a rate of over 96 % across the whole eu anyway !, 
  here , look : * [ total applications of syrians ] ( http://i.imgur.com/l6w1fe4.png ) * [ total accepted applications of syrians ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1bwlnhv.png ) so , in effect , the german gov has merely told the peripheral states that they do n't have to host the syrians the would accept either way . 
  note how even the visegard 4 have accepted syrians with a rate of almost 100 % in the last two quarters and beyond ? 
  this is what i 've been saying all along . 
  the whole eu has virtually the same standards when it comes to granting asylum . 
  some of us are just lucky through winning a geographic lottery and that 's not fair to the rest . 
  uh , it 's a statement of fact . 
  in 2014 and before that syrians who applied in any eu country had something like a  95 % chance of being granted asylum . 
  all germany now does is take some pressure of greece , italy , hungary who would be left alone with those people otherwise . 
  with enough fantasy you can get from any statement to any other statement . 
  that 's not on the german government . 
   10 million people leaving is still a small fraction of the population of the me up to india and africa . 
  plenty would remain . 
  one of the reasons why most bulgarians ( your example ) stay is because it is not easy to migrate and without a job you 're worse off than you were back home , unable to claim benefits and survive . 
  you seriously believe it 's easier for an asylum seeker from eritrea or syria to make it to europe than for a bulgarian to move to another eu country ? 
  you do realise that not only is there a significant risk of bodily harm for the refugees but that they also need money to make the trip ? 
  a bulgarian with the same money can sit comfortably at home , learn the language , find a job online , pay a bus ticket to travel to his destination and then he 's done with no risk of bodily harm and way lower costs . 
   if your home does n't exist any more or the circumstances there are absolutely horrid then migrating is a valid option . 
  especially if you receive asylum and the help associated with it . 
  bulgarians can not claim asylum in other eu countries ( or parts of africa ) - migration is anything but simple , which is why a small portion of the population does it normally , unless they are left with no choice but to go . 
  but you argue in your last post that helping is like an incentive for more people to come and now you say that you are only talking about people whose homes have been made inhospitable plus a small number of `` normal '' immigrants . 
  that former and bigger number -- which is the main driver of the current situation -- is independent of incentives ; no one will ruin their home for a chance of asylum . 
   i am not trying to ramp up anti-immigrant rhetoric , we should help them as much as we can . 
  but i do not think eu countries will be able to give out benefits as they are at the moment if the number of refugees keeps increasing from year to year . 
  i appreciate that . 
  i just think you are over-estimating the burden for us , both the costs of accommodating the newcomers as well as their number . 
  agreed . 
  unfortunately it becomes a very grave problem when it 's used as a motivation to turn our backs to those who really need some help . 
  no shit , after 7 years the number of people moving was lower than right after accession . 
  it 's almost like that was the point of the policy . 
  in general , the same can be said about any place . 
  despite bulgaria being even poorer than some african countries and its citizens having unrestricted access to the whole eu , it has yet to be entirely depopulated . 
  but for some reason , this logic somehow stops working when it comes to africans and/or muslims . 
  as if they were n't emotionally tied to their land . 
  if that were so simple , why is anyone still living in bulgaria ? 
  from a gni per capita point of view it 's poorer than some african countries and yet the vast majority of bulgarians stayed there . 
  maybe the picture you 're painting is n't quite right . 
  germany is merely taking some refugees of the border states ' plate who are unable to cope with the numbers . 
  all the german government said was it 's not sending genuine refugees back to the border states ( italy , greece , hungary , etc. ) . 
  that is no invitation . 
  if anything it 's belated help for the border states who are overburdened . 
  no , the german government has simply stated that it will not return refugees from warzones to the countries that should deal with them under the dublin regulation . 
  that 's actually helping these countries ( better late than never ) . 
  the total share of people accepted does n't change ; virtually all syrians were granted asylum in 2014 as well . 
  the consequences of our policies . 
  it 's not like european countries have been lining up to take in refugees . 
  they hid behind geography until those who could made it through . 
  here , something else for the spirit : https://www.reddit.com/r/germany/comments/3jp3ht/iraqis_carry_posters_of_angela_merkel_in_protests/cur8ogv?context=3 apparently the german government 's gesture has prompted many arabs to ask why a white , european , beer-drinking , christian politician cares more for them than their own seemingly devout political class . 
  i 'd say merkel inadvertently did more for arab secularism than all the bigoted patriots on this sub combined . 
  thanks . 
  after skimming through the other threads i really needed some level-headedness . 
  got this close to clicking unsubscribe . 
  seriously ? 
  `` you heard '' ? 
  in addition to what / u/doldenberg wrote , there is also a very practical explanation : men are taller than women or children , so you wo n't see them unless they stand in the first row . 
  syria was n't anywhere near the poorest place in the world . 
  people have savings or sold things . 
  there are more men because it 's safer to have them go ahead and then get their family in after they are accepted . 
  in addition , men are taller than women or children , so you wo n't seem unless they are in the first few rows . 
  true . 
  going from eurostat , the numbers are flipped but the graphics are correct . 
  having a different destination is not the same as refusing . 
  a jew crossing france to get to america in 1933 was n't any less of an asylum seeker ( just prescient ) . 
  but i agree in general , the system is failing . 
  asylum applications should be made as early as possible to allow a proper handling of the applicants . 
  like italy and greece , hungary is unable to cope and needs our help in a ) assessing who is and is n't entitled to protection and b ) hosting those that are genuine refugees , deporting those that are n't . 
  apparently rumours are spreading that everyone would be welcomed with open arms . 
  not sure where that is coming from though . 
  be that as it may with regard to entry , it does n't lead to a forfeiture of the refugee status itself . 
  that 's almost true . 
  except it does n't apply to syrians . 
  i do n't know where you get that . 
  in the definition of the term refugee the convention makes absolutely no statements about third countries . 
  whether someone is a refugee or not is determined purely by their relationship to and situation in their country of origin . 
  where they go from there has no bearing on them being refugees . 
  here 's the definition :  ( ... ) the term `` refugee '' shall apply to any person who ( ... ) owing to well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion , is outside the country of his nationality and is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to avail himself of the protection of that country ; or who , not having a nationality and being outside the country of his former habitual residence as a result of such events , is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to return to it . 
  that 's what makes them refugees . 
  the other things make them want to get to a country that can cope with them and they do n't invalidate their refugee status . 
  you have to be more sophisticated .
