  that does n't preclude detention in case it is n't possible . 
  if that does n't sound like it 's coming from a sound mind , then perhaps you need to reconsider your medieval sense of `` justice '' and finally join us in the 21st century . 
  [ hm ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/energy/comments/u4n1n/norway_wants_to_become_europes_battery/c4sdkk5 ) . 
  do n't you think he 's just posturing to win the leadership ( look what a good lefty i am ) and then give up some questionable positions to actually have a realistic chance of moving into 10 downing street ? 
  from the context as well as his/her post history i 'm reasonably sure that it 's supposed to refer to the human race . 
  the worst part is , it 's not even depending on that . 
  germans profit immensely from the common currency and should have an interest in squashing any doubts about its continued existence . 
  the german economy arguably has n't been in such good shape since 1980 or so . 
  thankfully , the big 3 of the eurozone have already proclaimed that they want to continue integration to permanently stabilise it . 
  a country that no longer exists and was occupied by soviet forces in 1968 . 
  eastern european governments before 1990 were imposed by the occupation forces of a totalitarian regime that was communist or socialist in name only . 
  they were not the result of freely enacted `` socialist '' policies in these countries . 
  that 's not what the comment says but it 's nice that you moved on to actually engaging with what is written and not who wrote it . 
  there 's no irony . 
  average people are n't countries or representatives thereof . 
  reagan commenting might be ironic , but this is n't , alanis . 
  in this context the sentence does n't mean that germany does n't follow its interests -- like any institution , it has always done that -- but that it would realign these interests to prioritise short-term gains over long-term ones , with negative consequences in the long run . 
  for example , not being flexible with ailing euro-states might look like a win now to some , but if the situation does n't improve and leads to a break-up of the euro or even the entire eu , it would be a big loss in the long term . 
   hurr durr his comment does n't deserve examination because he 's american . 
  i hope the kill-all-humans-subroutine gets thrown out during alpha testing . 
   i worker as a cleaner in a gay bar , i would not have wiped up other mens jizz if i had an alternative precisely . 
  but somehow , as long as there is demand for such bars , they must get cleaned . 
  so , either wages for cleaners will have to go up to get someone to do it , or we find a way to replace labour with capital , i.e. 
  technological progress . 
  either way , our economy does n't collapse and we might even get ahead . 
  where do you live ? 
  are they closed even in bigger cities ? 
  though i could live with 10pm ... 
  this happens here , too . 
  not in the countryside , in a capital city with well over a million inhabitants . 
  that 's just a gross over-simplification that ca n't explain why greece and turkey ( both in nato ) are prepared to fight each other while france and germany are n't . 
  stores close at 8pm . 
  bavaria has no state law for opening hours so it defaults to federal law that says stores have to close at 8pm . 
  it 's super annoying . 
  that 's a bit of a truism . 
  having said that , it 's not a good idea to concentrate 500 refugees in a community of 2500 that has little experience with foreigners . 
  i hope the authorities will disperse them more across different facilities and locations . 
  ( tbh , i kind of fear some governments will screw up on purpose to have a reason to reject further refugees . ), 
  this is nothing but wrongfully appropriating the achievements of others . 
  like the rich kid who thinks he 's the shit because his parents are loaded . 
  you can tell that it 's all faulty logic because you are using alleged present actions to justify past results , completely throwing out a fundamental concept like causality . 
  people have been linking to evidence . 
  i understand you want me to look it up for you , but it 's getting late and i 'm sure you 'll do the research yourself if you care . 
  el is greece . 
  also it does n't work on the frontpage or any other view that is n't just the subreddit . 
  personally , i [ combine several european ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope+europeanfederalists+europe+europeans+europics+yurop+europeanparliament ) subs when i view them . 
   those subreddits are pretty damn small to make enough of an impact here . 
  look at the vote numbers on immigration topics . 
  just a few hundred , tops . 
  a dozen organised people with a few accounts are enough to mess up the entire system . 
  we do n't believe that which is why the overwhelming majority of topics is completely untouched . 
  only bavarians should decide if bavarians have to go to war . 
  hmm . 
  no , these are all the [ government 's criteria ] ( http://www.bmwi.de/de/themen/energie/energiewende/zielarchitektur.html ) . 
  so , reduction of emissions ( which , without any novel technologies , is equivalent to a reduction in fossil fuel usage ) , abolishing nuclear power , and guaranteeing supply security as well as competitiveness ( = low price ) . 
  it 's not an opinion . 
  i 've listed objective criteria for judging the policy : prices , emissions , fossil fuel usage . 
  yes , obviously everyone who is not 100 % supporting the current german energy policy is a shill ... from your article :  at the end of week 30 , there was a rare combination of a lot of solar and wind power simultaneously in germany . 
  note the keyword `` rare '' . 
  a single data point of low power consumption and high renewable production does n't change the fact that germany must import power when wind is slow and the sun not shining . 
  and even when it does export power , it does so at a price below renewable electricity prices , effectively losing money despite exporting electricity . 
  as it stands today , germany 's energy policy is a failure . 
  * german electricity prices are high and continue to soar * german co2 emissions are and remain significantly higher than many of its neighbour 's * german fossil fuel usage is not dropping it only wins in one ( ideological ) category : reducing the amount of nuclear energy . 
  an average energy exporter can and sometimes must import electricity at certain points . 
  for example , when there 's neither wind nor sunshine . 
  claiming that there 's no need for imports because of positive net exports averaged over an entire year reveals a pretty shoddy understanding of the whole topic . 
  4 out of 5 , with [ one dissenter ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3evu89/germanys_five_wise_men_say_eurozone_countries/ctiwh59?context=3 ) . 
  edit : [ this german article ] ( http://norberthaering.de/de/27-german/news/449-weise-tricksen-wieder#weiterlesen ) suggests the majority opinion might not actually be supported by central pieces of the literature it cites . 
  yes , please . 
  if / r/europe is so terrible , just go away . 
  make your own subreddit where you can revel in immigration posts all day long . 
  what you wrote is n't wrong and what i wrote is n't necessarily right , but at the time our leaders decided to play it safe and build a wall around greece . 
  a wall they knew they could defend if necessary . 
  edit : it would n't have taken too many non-rational investors to jeopardise italy or spain , so it would have been quite a gamble to hope that their sound public institutions would generate enough trust to fend off any insecurity . 
  generally , what you say is right , there is a moral hazard . 
  but i think it should also cover the lenders : if you lend money , you do n't do it out of charity , but for profit . 
  there is a risk . 
  all the banks and insurance companies and pension funds who put money into greek bonds should have taken a hit , and they did , to a degree . 
  unfortunately , there is this joke with more than just a kernel of truth : if you owe the bank a million , you 're in trouble . 
  if you owe the bank a billion , the bank is in trouble . 
  i do n't think there ever really was a good way out of what we went through . 
  anyway , the current proposals suggest pooling our financial regulation as well as some budgetary and tax powers together with new democratic accountability at the european level . 
  i think that will effectively prevent such things in the future while also allowing us to profit from our union . 
  i did , thank you . 
  it 's rather straight-forward and other people in this thread have commented on it : if it can happen to greece , why should n't it happen to bigger countries that also suffer from some economic problems ? 
  if private investors get burned in greece , whoever still holds italian or spanish debt will probably be afraid of the same happening to them . 
  if only a modest number of those start trying to sell their bonds , the price can plummet quite a bit . 
  as the price on the secondary market collapses , the interest rates relative to the absolute bond value soar , making it impossible for the respective state to issue new debt , except at the higher interest rate . 
  that exacerbates the respective state 's economic problems , eventually cutting the state off from the financial markets . 
  without being able to print money , interest rates above 5 % or so are unsustainable . 
  our economies just do n't grow that fast . 
  at that point , either the other euro-partners step in with new money or the state must find other ways to pay salaries etc. , which probably means it will abandon the euro and re-introduce a domestic currency -- at least in parallel . 
  before that , the country 's economy will grind to a halt as it happened in greece , capital controls will be imposed ... of course , in such an interconnected economy as the eurozone , this will not leave the rest unscathed . 
  germany , for example , is a big exporter , but suddenly many of its buyers wo n't be able to pay their bills . 
  many exporting companies will be thrown into insolvency themselves , and then we have the perfect storm across the whole ez , likely even beyond . 
   one can not help but wonder if he 's doing it to promote himself ? 
  so what ? 
  do good things and talk about it . 
  that 's how more good things happen . 
  here 's the summary of bofinger 's dissent :  over the last years , germany has economically benefited from its membership in the european currency union like no other country .
