  instead they based their approach on the league of nations . 
  all i 'm saying is that the eu is just not democratic enough to wield the power it currently wields . 
  now merkel and sarkozy want to unify economic and social policies on the eu level . 
  in the current system this is a frightening thought . 
  the eu is not so different . 
  germany 's legislative system has two chambers . 
  a federal council ( bundesrat ) and a federal parliament ( bundestag ) . 
  the latter is elected up to 50 % fptp , at least 50 % proportional . 
  the council is not elected at all , the state governments send 3-6 representatives . 
  notice the similarity ? 
  i , too , believe the eu needs to be more democratic . 
  but i reject your doomsday visions . 
  i 'd like to elect a european president directly and perhaps have him appoint a prime minister with the consent of the parliament -- an empowered parliament with all rights a parliament should have . 
  or go full american and separate parliament and president completely . 
  either way , today 's eu setup can not be the final answer . 
   you did n't understand what i was saying : china resembles the eu because they too undertook a project of integration of different ethnicities to end a strain of prolonged warfare , and the only way to hold together this powder keg of ethnic tensions is through the tight fist of oppression . 
  i can guarantee you that if the process of european integration is continued in its current fashion , nationalist and separatist sentiments will rise sharply - not tomorrow , but in ten to twenty years , and then civil liberties will be curtailed to contain the terrorism , rioting , and violence that will grow out of this - just like in today 's china . 
  fair enough . 
   ( ... ) multilingualism ( ... ) it appears to me that the level of translations and the quality of the media are enough for an interested citizen to be able to make informed decisions . 
  having all documents , all speeches , everything available in every language is not necessary for that , as not even the usual process of opinion making within monolingual groups does n't go that deep . 
  if there is a heightened necessity for translations , for example here for acta , it happens through participative democracy . 
  pirates , for example , have set up such a group : https://int.piratenpartei.de/translation_task_force european democracy will look different from other kinds , as long as no language becomes a standard language . 
  i 'm rather confident english will eventually make it . 
   how representative is that really ? 
  not much at all , if you ask me . 
  if you disagree , please offer reasons for why you consider it sufficiently representative . 
   there are proper ways to choose representatives , and there are improper ones . 
  please explain why you consider the european way proper . 
  easy . 
  my area , for instance , is primarily conservative . 
  not a majority , just a plurality , enough to make sure that in a constituency there would always be a conservative winner . 
  that would effectively mean no representation for me or the rest of the actual majority . 
   it 's not about shared values , but loyalty to one 's constituents . 
  if people do n't have the feeling that the person sitting in parliament for them is one of them , the support for that political system will always be less than weak . 
  not really . 
  i want loyalty in values . 
  i elect a party that shares values with me and promises to do something so they become a reality . 
  if they do that , great , if not , i 'll vote for someone else . 
  living in my vicinity is n't particularly helpful . 
   your reddit flair shows me that you are from bavaria . 
  tell me , how would the average bavarian react if germany 's political system were to be changed in such a way that a person from berlin would represent him in parliament ? 
  i guess `` pissed '' would be the correct answer . 
  hard to say . 
  germany uses `` mixed member proportional system '' for national and state elections . 
  as pointed out before , my area is primarily conservative or sometimes , maybe , social democratic . 
  i have never voted for either party . 
  instead , my voice only counts through my secondary vote , where i can cast a vote for a list . 
  for national elections , that list is filled with people from all over bavaria ( including franconia ) . 
  we can live with that , even though franconians have a rough relationship with the rest of bavaria . 
  for europe , the list is filled with people from all over germany , or , if the participating party decides otherwise , there are 16 lists for each state . 
  just like national elections . 
  although , truth be told , only one party does that : the conservatives are split into two parties , one for bavaria , one for the rest , and they want to be able to do that for european elections as well . 
   the parliament ought to represent the will of the people , and for that to happen , communication must occur between the representatives and their respective constituents . 
  it does n't really matter what and how many competences the specific level of subsidiarity has in particular . 
  96 people are simply not enough to communicate in any meaningful way with the electorate of a country with 81 million citizens , and if that is not possible it defeats the purpose of a parliament . 
  yes , and obviously , the amount of communication is proportional to the number and gravity of the issues . 
  i feel it 's easier for me to get something from the ep than from the bundestag , especially because they are not quasi-slaves to a government they elected . 
  a refreshing change from the parliamentary system in place almost everywhere in europe . 
   byzantine complexity of the political system ( the number of people who are able to explain how the political system of the eu is supposed to work without looking it up fit into a soccer stadium , and that means it 's too complicated for the average citizen ; complexity here serves as a means of exclusion which is almost devilish perfidy ) the system is not that complex . 
  in a nutshell , commission drafts legislation , council and parliament amend and approve/reject it . 
  i do n't like it , but anyone who does n't at least know * that * has only himself to blame . 
   to much volume ( i tried to follow eu legislation and activities closely for a week through oeil , pre-lex , the ep document register etc. , and the amount of text that goes through there on a daily basis is just mind-boggling ) i elect politicians and donate to relevant interest groups to do that for me . 
  our society is based on division of labour , i do n't see why this principle should n't apply to politics at all . 
   division along lingual borders see above . 
   the only way into the eu parliament is through national parties , i.e. 
  no option for direct candidates afaik i do n't think there is a law against someone running on a one-person-list . 
   insufficient funds ( the political system of the eu is susceptible to corruption and lobbyism , and unless you are wealthy it is impossible to compete against that ) who has insufficient funds ? 
  meps get up to $ 30 per month . 
  that 's about the same as german federal mps . 
   the eu was never intended to be a democracy in the actual sense , and this is obvious to everyone with a basic understanding of democracy theory . 
  that there are so many people out there who pretend that it is an adequate form of democracy is something that disturbs me deeply because it shows that people do n't really know what constitutes good democracy and what does n't . 
  i 'm not even going to bother responding to that bunch of conspiracy theories . 
  seriously , sometimes i wonder where all the crazy comes from and how it always ends up on major anglophone websites , never somewhere else . 
  and which democracy theory are we talking ? 
  i just opened my textbook `` introduction to democracy theories '' and the comparison table has 25 different theories , from aristotle to something called `` transition theory '' , all with different criteria for judging a democracy ...  civil war would hardly be an overreaction if the political leader ( and a significant portion of the people ) decided to cripple a democracy so strongly that it would be tantamount to its complete abolition . 
  luckily we 're nowhere near that . 
   switzerland is a bad example because it always enjoyed a special status internationally , and in addition to that serves as europe 's bank vault , i.e. 
  it works because so many people there are too wealthy to be pissed about anything . 
  besides that , from what i heard so far the antipathy between the cantons is bigger than most people realize : the ethnicities live in good neighbourship . 
  not everyone in switzerland owns a bank . 
  even though the average swiss is pretty well off , there remain different languages that they overcome in their political process . 
   belgium just had a government crisis that lasted ~ 18 months because the two major ethnicities are so divided that it would almost have resulted in the country splitting in two . 
  a special trait of a system with two major groups is the possibility of deadlock . 
   china from one kind of dictatorship to the other . 
  claiming china would be the most similar country to the eu is preposterous . 
   that a growing number of english speakers live in europe may be true , but until the amount reaches 100 % and everyone becomes fluently enough to follow a political speech , lingual exclusion exists and this would be unacceptable . 
  first , both government institutions and the media translate between different languages . 
  second , there are always hurdles excluding some of the people , even if it 's simple illiteracy . 
  100 % are unreachable . 
   how are your representatives appointed in your country ? 
  parties put up lists , either national or state lists . 
  after the election , the first x % ( depending on the result ) are sent to the parliament . 
  standard [ party-list proportional representation ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/party-list_proportional_representation ) , really . 
   in any proper democracy , a representative ought to elected from an electoral district , i.e. 
  the place where he lives . 
  that way people know that the representative will actually fight for their benefit , and not for something else . 
  and if he fails to do so , he gets punished by not being reelected next time ( or even recalled ) . 
  i can already imagine what country that is . 
  not everyone sees it like that , so calling your way the only `` proper '' way is incredibly arrogant . 
  geographical proximity does n't necessarily mean shared values .
