   ( seriously though , of course it was n't `` all merkel '' but the german media 's refusal to accept her disastrous decisions are downright embarrassing . 
  clearly you do n't know anything about german media coverage . 
  the media 's refusal to acknowledge the facts listed in this article is embarrassing , and it 's also why this specific media outlet finally chose to publish a fact-based analysis of what had actually happened . 
   she did not create the crisis but made it far worse than it should have been . 
  as the article lays out , if she had any impact on the numbers then it was small enough to be undetectable . 
  this is undeniable and [ has been public knowledge for over half a year ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4au611/chancellor_merkels_invitation_in_the_refugee/ ) , for anyone who wanted to know it . 
   also : why are they spinning the tale that it sprung up out of nowhere ? 
  the crisis was in the making for years . 
  they 're not , you 're just imagining that . 
   look at the deaths in the med from 2010-2014 . 
  the pattern was crystal clear . 
  i refuse to believe that merkel did not know what was brewing . 
  of course , all eu governments were aware of that in some form or another . 
  but the dublin rules say the front-line states have to deal with it and thus it 's politically convenient to ignore the problem until it becomes impossible to do so . 
  the german government 's belated admission that this could not continue has made it a target for populists everywhere , despite all facts showing that they are only reacting to the problem rather than causing it . 
   the numbers kept crawling up . 
  she did nothing . 
  not doing anything is also a form of passive acceptance . 
  either that , or ignorance . 
  pick your preferred explanation ) . 
  as the articles shows very clearly , the sudden increase in 2015 was unprecedented and thus unexpected . 
  the numbers did n't simply crawl up predictably like you insinuate . 
  what filters are you referrinng to ? 
  congratulations to / u/marktplatz , the media are catching up to your post from half a year ago ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4au611/chancellor_merkels_invitation_in_the_refugee/ ) . 
  saying you do n't want muslims or jews as neighbours will -- rightfully -- have social consequences , but no one will end up in prison because of that . 
   i replied under a thread about poland banning abortion and how that was disappointing , all the replies i got were `` look who 's talking '' , `` ironic coming from a turk , huh '' etc. 
  i hope you informed those idiots about the legal status of abortion in turkey . 
  it 's hard to read and makes it look shady . 
  you know someone is just trying to shock you when they write 140,000,000,000 rather than 140bn . 
   12.26 %  142 690.29  17 493.829554  20 %  3 498.7659108  math by myself you really have to learn when to round . 
  childless pensioners do n't ask for their money back once they 're dead . 
   true , infrastructure is already crumbling . 
  then again with less ( mobile ) people you need less roads and less maintenance because you have less wear . 
  private vehicles cause little wear and intra-european transport will not decrease just because germans are dying out . 
   as long as you use the euro you 're not going to be able , let alone allowed , to accumulate debt in the order of ` hundreds of percent of debt to gdp ' . 
  if germany were to switch sides in that argument , that rule might not remain as rigid as it may be now . 
  the measures you mention are half a decade late . 
  also , germany is a long long way from `` overspending forever '' . 
  yes , but it 's 2016 . 
  the crisis has been going on for years now . 
  where were all these measures ? 
  it 's just like the refugee thing . 
  germany might have done the right thing in the end , but it has tried to leave places like italy or greece alone with it until the whole dublin system went bust . 
  we might not always have time for germany to explore all wrong options before committing to the right one . 
  there can not be a clean slate . 
  it 'll just accumulate liabilities in another form , be it in crumbling infrastructure or lack of nursing personnel . 
  at least get elderly germans to buy german debt like the japanese do . 
  then it can easily go to hundreds of percent of debt-to-gdp ratio without the sky falling on our heads . 
  be that as it may , many people disagree . 
  perhaps the economy is in good shape , but this rising tide does not lift all boats . 
  not all in germany , and most certainly not those in the neighbourhood . 
  it 's true that the ez account is more balanced now , but germany has largely redirected exports outside of the eu , not actually begun to import from other eu countries . 
  there are many articles that discuss this , for example http://www.bbc.com/news/business-35551876 or https://www.brookings.edu/blog/ben-bernanke/2015/04/03/germanys-trade-surplus-is-a-problem/, 
  no , they are not universally good here , either . 
  many public services are under-funded . 
  millions are feeling disenfranchised to the point where they are willing to vote for right-wing extremism . 
  but that does n't really matter . 
  what matters is this : they ca n't be the next germany either . 
  not everyone can be an export champion . 
  someone has to do the importing . 
  i think this falls under my last paragraph . 
  turmoil and instability due to excessive brain-drain are not in germany 's long-term interest . 
  times are n't universally good though . 
  on top of that , german policy is making them worse , effectively inviting the next , and perhaps final , crisis of the eu/eurozone . 
  saving money on things like child-care ( and more ) to deal with the consequences of having no children is the epitome of a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  the ecb has no choice because the austerity is keeping inflation at an all time low . 
  the austerity is imposed by politicians . 
  but that does n't explain why the german government is hell-bent on domestic austerity as well . 
  interest rates are at an historic low . 
  now would be the best time to make long-term investments , and that increased demand would automatically benefit everyone else as well . 
  it clearly does n't benefit the banks because they are making so little right now due to the low interest rates , they even started charging for accounts . 
  it also wo n't benefit manufacturing if their main business partners no longer can afford to buy from them . 
  as i said , in the long run , this hurts everyone . 
  i 'd say it does n't even benefit germany . 
  or at least , i have n't been told how it benefits germany , particularly in the long run . 
  germany needs more domestic demand , not even more exports . 
  it needs more teachers and nurses , more investment in infrastructure , not a black number under the balance sheet . 
  really , i ca n't understand the current policy . 
  the people in power surely understand that if the eu continues to be ripped apart by austerity , the costs would be much much higher than whatever renzi & co. are asking for now . 
   orb\u00e1n would not be so stupid to openly admit that he sees the eu as a giant cash flow . 
  or he 's so clever he openly admits it while maintaining plausible deniability , as evidenced by this very comment thread . 
  meanwhile , [ the metaphorical horses are being moved elsewhere ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-eu-budget-migration-iduskcn11i1x9 ) . 
  so , the implementation was idiotic , not the concept . 
  there is functioning district heating in ( parts of ) germany and austria , too , you know . 
  out of curiosity , have you visited the us and/or germany ? 
  i do n't like anecdotes and i have n't told you one , and i do n't need you to tell me one either . 
  i merely pointed out that there are tens of millions of europeans who do travel across eu borders and that these are n't necessarily rich europeans because travelling in europe is n't expensive , which would make it a bit too simplistic to call this policy a subsidy for the wealthy . 
  if your tea lady chooses not to travel , that 's on her . 
  with the same reasoning you could demand that she only pay for phone service in her immediate surrounding rather than subsidise the rich bastards who dare to travel into other parts of her country . 
  evidently , national service also does n't suit everyone 's needs , except it 's also impeding travel . 
  they do , but the rift between the two groups is not as large as you make it out to be . 
  at least , not in europe . 
  tens of millions of europeans live in very close vicinity to a border and hundreds of thousands , even millions , commute across them every day . 
  for many , `` travelling abroad '' is literally just a walk or a bike ride , and even for people farther away from a border , it 's still only an affordable bus-ride away . 
  in short , if you can afford a smartphone , then you can afford to `` travel abroad '' in europe as well . 
  with that in mind , abolishing roaming would even encourage people ( including those who are poorer ) to travel because it 's easier when you can use your phone for navigation , translation , and so on at no extra cost . 
  thanks . 
  quite frankly , i do n't find it surprising that the alt right is n't happy when someone ridicules several of their champions at once , but what can you do ? 
  they * are * a joke . 
  when hungary sends its people into politics , they 're not sending their best .
