  someone call juncker or whoever runs this place at the moment !, 
  that would have to be a pretty big fund , would n't it ? 
  perhaps the mistral issue can be settled that way , but not sure how big it would have to be to be able to spread around the pain incurred from large parts of europe not having gas in winter or similar . 
  i 'm sceptical , but someone doing the maths could convince me otherwise . 
  really ca n't say i disagree with your comment ... 
  you are absolutely correct and the only solution to this -- if people even want a solution -- is a structural one . 
  as long as individual players can have a momentary individual advantage by `` betraying the cartel , '' the `` cartel '' will stay divided and weak , to the detriment of all players ( in the long-term this applies to the `` traitor '' as well ) . 
  the way out , the only way out , is to move the decision-making power for these situations away from the cartel members to the cartel itself . 
  not pictured : being stuck there for the rest of their life . 
  that 's not collateral damage . 
  the point of sanctions is to turn the population against their leaders . 
  sure , it works the best with the rich and powerful , but still . 
  signed . 
  but the sweater idea for when putin stops our gas would not be so bad . 
  tall girls . 
  if it 's any consolation , europe generally advances in crises . 
  this could be another one of them . 
  i doubt anyone here can diagnose your condition over the internet . 
  i met a comparably tall dutch girl at a party last week . 
  i do appreciate the netherlands more now that i realise it 's full of your kind ... 
  that 's why he was appointed council president ... because he will never steal anyone 's media spotlight . 
  ^ sorry ^ i ^ never ^ had ^ latin ^ in ^ school . 
  this is probably correct and also sooo dumb . 
  i mean , divide et impera is such an old idea that we still call it by its * latin * name . 
  a disgraced spd politician . 
  the article does n't say what the purpose or mandate of the troops would be . 
  planning is n't at that stage yet . 
  i disagree . 
  transnistria is the way it is because of russian troops . 
  they prop up the local regime . 
  un blue helmets will not prop up the criminals in that region ; the overwhelming majority of the world community recognises the legitimate ukrainian territorial claims over these areas . 
  pretty sure that 's the point . 
  either way , russia loses . 
  [  87 % of our energy come from fossil fuels and nuclear . 
  that 's not nitpicking . 
  it 's a fundamental flaw in the parent comment 's line of thought . 
  the social democratic coalition partner seems to be on board as well : http://www.zeit.de/politik/ausland/2014-07/malaysia-airlines-mh17-ukraine-live-07-19/komplettansicht, 
  that would be the case if the union was completed and really took the decisions through its own mechanisms . 
  but it 's not , some countries are stronger than others . 
  this is n't about markets . 
  as long as as parts of europe are so dependent on russian gas , we will never be able to rebuff them when necessary . 
  it does n't have to be about us , could be any other country they consider within their sphere of influence . 
  it will cost us more to get gas from elsewhere , but at least the money will not be used to further that regime 's interests . 
  ban everything besides the gas , accelerate alternative gas infrastructure projects , then ban the gas , too . 
  at least the uk has a choice when it comes to these matters . 
  germany is woefully unprepared . 
  perhaps other nato countries can buy the ships at a discount to share the burden a bit . 
  what do you mean , switched on ? 
  i saw a picture of a child still strapped to a seat , upside down , his head half smashed in . 
  do n't know what pictures you are used to , but i 've never seen something like that . 
  i agree . 
  there was a window of opportunity when the syrian opposition was overwhelmingly secular . 
  i agree that the russian people are victims themselves , but then again i also did n't say anything about an iron curtain . 
  just that we should n't be dependent on russia for anything so we can let its government know what we think of it without having to fear repercussions . 
  regardless , you ca n't not play the game . 
  not playing the game means giving in to the other side . 
  two quotes come to mind :  to remain neutral in the face of oppression is to side with the oppressors . 
  -- bishop desmund tutu the second one i can only paraphrase and i also do n't know its creator , but it was something along the lines of `` i can imagine a peaceful world that lives in harmony without conflict . 
  i can also imagine attacking and conquering that world because they could never defend themselves . '', 
  let 's strive for peace and harmony , but not to the point where we stop defending our way of life . 
  http://en.wikisource.org/wiki/ukraine._memorandum_on_security_assurances ctrl + f `` guarantee '' expression not found, 
  he can stand up as much as he wants , it still stopped them in the 90ies . 
  you can only spin reality so far , at some point it will catch up . 
  let 's be realistic here . 
  we ca n't depose the russian government directly . 
  but we can at least make sure that the only people suffering from the russian government 's actions are their own people . 
  their aggression must be redirected to only hurt their own country . 
  when internal pressure mounts , the regime will have to change its course . 
  again i disagree . 
  europe dependent on this workable , predictable , stable dictator is a repulsive thought . 
  we must not support this regime , even if it might be detrimental to ourselves at first . 
  our solidarity must be with the victims , not the perpetrators . 
  it 's fairly certain that russians might suffer from this , but if there 's one thing i have learned from german history : perhaps that 's what the population needs . 
  after all , that is the point of sanctions . 
  to seed civil unrest and make the leadership change its course due to internal pressure . 
  russia not vetoing un peacekeepers at its own borders ? 
  the territory of which nato state is under threat or has been attacked ? 
  severe sanctions perhaps , certainly no article 5 . 
  no , the budapest memorandum talks about respecting ukraine 's and others ' sovereignty , not defending them , and bringing any nuclear incidents against ukraine & co. before the unsc . 
  russia broke the agreement , and only russia . 
  there are no obligations from the agreement for any other party . 
  it is as much our problem as america 's . 
  i 'd say more ours , because it 's happening in our front yard . 
  i can agree with most of what you say but i vehemently disagree with regard to the necessity of russian involvement for creating this conflict . 
  ** none ** of this would have happened if the russian regime would have focussed on improving russia instead of trying to maintain or re-claim a `` sphere of influence '' that they supposedly deserve . 
  personally , i am now willing to pay significantly higher prices if that would allow us to completely isolate russia . 
  the economy broke the ussr , it will break the new regime as well . 
  what are you suggesting instead ? 
  i ca n't help but remember this : `` the capitalists will sell us the rope with which we will hang them . '', 
  interesting is the author 's ability to spin things into his narrative . 
   something happened ? 
  in another country ? 
  merkel did it !, 
  a + + + + arguing , would be agitated again, 
  when you make * shitty * slippery slope arguments , you just discredit your own position . 
  same here ... do n't know why it was n't more popular . 
  except that 's not what happened . 
  juncker was nominated by the epp in march at its convention in dublin . 
  he ran against several opponents , schulz , verhofstadt , and more . 
  his group came out on top and thus the european council nominated him to be the first to try to get a majority of the ep behind him .
