  by the way , do clans play any role whatsoever in today 's scotland ? 
  so immigrants have bad experiences and you have bad experiences , so the experiences are automatically equal ? 
  your cv is n't being thrown out without reading just because your name does n't sound right , for example . 
  a hypothetical unified europe would have a federal structure where it would n't really matter much ( for the unification itself ) whether your region is a federal subject on its own or just part of a federal subject . 
  there are a few state flags , yes . 
  http://i.imgur.com/plr1l00.png thanks , because google translate only speaks irish , not scots gaelic . 
  the opposite list : 1 . must buy new map after only having it for a year, 
  you could always drop a heavy magnet onto it !, 
  if you think the democrats are just like the republicans , then you have spent too much time reading the opinions of simpletons on reddit . 
  al gore would , for instance , not have attacked iraq with fabricated evidence ; that was a neocon idea . 
  there are many other examples . 
  having said that , the problem with fptp is not that it leads to two parties . 
  in fact , that could even be considered an advantage , because it tends to eliminate extremist parties . 
  it is remarkable how stable the democracies in countries with this system have been over centuries . 
  so , that in itself is not a problem . 
  it is however worrying that the composition of the elected parliament does deviate a lot from the actual election result so much . 
  that 's where the scottish ( and german , for that matter ) electoral system ( mmp ) or one of its variants , shines : it combines fptp with pr and also many of their strengths and few of their weaknesses . 
  so more developed and/or heterogeneous countries like turkey or lebanon have far fewer people with such views despite being muslim-dominated , while countries that are not muslim dominated and similarly underdeveloped ( e.g. 
  around central africa ) exhibit comparable characteristics ( albeit adapted to existing pagan beliefs , human sacrifice , that sort of thing ) . 
  this looks like a text-book example of [ simpson 's paradox ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/simpson%27s_paradox ) . 
  where 's the evidence ? 
  says you . 
  my muslim friends , before they pour themselves another beer , respond with `` this is a christian house , allah does n't look into christian houses '' or plenty of other joke excuses to ignore what is written in the quran -- if they even care enough to make a joke . 
  would they still identify as muslims ? 
  yes . 
  the same happens not only here in munich , it happens in tel aviv , in istanbul or tehran -- more or less openly . 
  also , the idea that many regular muslims have been reading and reciting the quran since it was written is rather unsound . 
  the ottoman empire had [ something like a 3 % literacy rate until the 19th century ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/languages_of_the_ottoman_empire ) . 
  yeah , the bible also mandates a lot of shit . 
  i wish people would stop using these books as an argument . 
  they are contradictory . 
  is n't the argument that for that to happen , labour hat to move to the right ? 
  and why is that ? 
  your link mentions europe few times , but it only hints at data for australia or the me . 
  do you have any for europe ? 
  to be honest , i find this supposed exceptionalism of muslim extremism unnecessary . 
  we have plenty of disenfranchised natives in europe , but only few turn into neonazis . 
  what mechanism is behind that ? 
  equally , in a nazi dominated country ( i.e. 
  nazi germany ) , people from all walks of life were fervent supporters of the ideology -- including the middle class . 
  from what i can see , this can be mapped 1:1 onto other forms of extremism , and as your link says , australian extremists resembled other fringe elements from our countries while extremists from pakistan or saudi-arabia look more like middle class nazis from 1940 . 
  when you ask people directly they will give you the answer they think they should give , not the real answer . 
  we 've seen similar behaviour when advertisers tried to move away from using photoshopped women to promote their products . 
  people told them it was such a great idea but sales plummeted nonetheless until they went back to the old ways . 
  if you want to assess human behaviour , you must not ask direct questions , but look for other kinds of evidence -- for example objectively gauge their socio-economic standing in society prior to them joining isis . 
  any measurement where the subjects ca n't consciously or subconsciously affect the outcome is better than direct questions , really . 
  counterpoint : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2gn0ju/several_of_the_norwegian_jihadists_in_syria_and/, 
  federalisation is enough . 
  federal countries do n't centralise so much , be it germany , switzerland , australia , canada , america . 
  unfortunately the chances for that are slim . 
  after all , westminster demanded a proper in-out referendum without devo-max as an option , and only now when there is real chance of scotland leaving do they seem willing to make concessions . 
  the beneficiaries of the uk 's centralisation will not give up easily . 
  they believe it 's true but that it 's not the full story , i.e. 
  some bring up examples of other towns where the costs are much lower , some urban dwellers think it 's fair that the rural areas also contribute something to housing refugees , not just the big cities , etc. 
  probably ? 
  look at his post history . 
  i advise everyone who notices such behaviour to report the posts in question so the mods can deal with it . 
  city council does n't care and they decide . 
  you should try the game `` the stanley parable '' . 
  in case you do n't know it , do not research . 
  just get the demo for free , play it , then get the game . 
  i say again , do not try to research the game , it 'll spoil it . 
  [ great news !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lhy8qb275ds ), 
  this is disgusting , sorry . 
  was in portugal and my portuguese friend sold this to us as the best thing ever ... it 's not . 
  it 's like they boiled everything you could get at once and ... well , that 's actually horrible enough , who in their right mind would boil this stuff ?!, 
  anyway , the rest of the food i had was great . 
  just not that . 
  greece , closely followed by every other place in the mediterranean . 
  to be honest , these cars are very rare here because apparently they are very popular in less affluent parts of the world . 
  well-known to you . 
  there are many teenagers with absolutely no interest in politics who can be seduced with false promises of camaraderie and whatnot . 
  after all , they are teenagers , they make mistakes and some , many even , lose their way , at least for a while . 
  15 and 16 year old teenagers do n't have a worldview . 
  if anything , they are about to develop one of their own . 
  these kids are victims . 
  a teenager who did n't know what she was doing because she was indoctrinated by others deserves to die . 
  got it . 
  people do n't like to hear it , but it is a logical conclusion . 
  at least the right in america ( for example ) is equally shitty to all poor . 
  that joke really fit in organically . 
  were n't they claiming this a few days or weeks ago and the countries in question were all like http://i.imgur.com/4akflgp.gif ? 
  that only works if you google his or her name , does n't it ? 
  what were they thinking would happen if they re-introduced * bears * ? 
  that they turn vegan ? 
  if you just type `` sweden deportation '' into google , you 'll see that this can not be correct . 
  not all applications are accepted . 
  you know , i 've seen you argue against what you call `` patriots '' , and i appreciate that you try do it , but you would be more successful ( for the sake of everyone who sympathises with your opinion ) if you were n't always such a dick when doing so . 
  be calm and precise , look for inconsistencies and mistakes and point them out -- not to convince the people spouting them , but for the countless lurkers that just read what goes on here and whose opinions might not be as cemented yet . 
  you waste everyone 's time if you insult everyone with a well-meaning but ultimately dumb comment that gets voted below the threshold . 
  the numbers of asylum seekers is dropping and successful asylum applications in sweden last year were about 25,000 , so you 're only off by a `` negligible '' factor of * four * . 
  it 's the other way around . 
  people who are excluded from society for some reason ( e.g. 
  `` ugliness '' ) need someone to blame , so they turn to hating that someone . 
  i hope the ukrainians have rigged the airport/its runway with explosives in case they lose it because in that case i doubt they 'd be able to retake it any time soon . 
  then force businesses to show prices in czk and eur for some time to notice and avoid those that try that . 
  did the same in germany . 
   switch to euro would inevitably lead to price inflation how ? 
  darude - sandstorm scnr top gear,
