  being corrected for mistakes is a way to improve ourselves . 
  but i do need to point out that i 'm a ) not trying to monetise my comments and b ) that i did n't make the mistake by accident or because of negligence . 
  i really sat there for a short while and thought about adverbs and adjectives and came to a wrong conclusion . 
  surely , if that was my page , my lector would have had this discussion with me before the text would have been published . 
  so , while i ca n't deny the irony , i do n't think it was quite as serious ~ ~ ly ~ ~ , 
  ok , i 've been thinking about it a bit more and i have changed my mind . 
  you are right . 
  you know , i thought about putting seriously there , but then i chose the adjective on purpose over the adverb because i was n't describing the manner in which i 'm taking it , i was describing * it * . 
  it may not be the conventional form of this expression , but i think it 's technically still correct . 
  the many typos make it hard to take this page serious . 
  that sounds nice at first , but if someone asks for asylum , the entire process will get way more complicated than simply requiring documentation . 
  trying to insult me and calling due process a failed law . 
  top kek . 
  no country in that list has enough muslims to explain the difference , unless you want to claim that , for example , france has 36 % - points more muslims than italy . 
  well , that 's not immediately then , is it . 
  every time this makes the news , someone suggests that . 
  however , there 's this small thing we have called `` due process '' which makes it impossible to just send people back to , well , we do n't actually know because we did n't even try finding out by following due process . 
  he was already living a good life because he 's an accomplished economist . 
  however , with federal money comes federal oversight , so the corrupt politicians who squander the money would be behind bars . 
  so , the no-bail-out-clause baiscally says `` you have no obligation to cover each other 's debts '' and yet the euro-members do help each other out in that regard . 
  and now you are using this as an argument for how they will * not * help each other out when there is an * explicit * obligation to do so in the treaties ? 
  that 's not quite a coherent argument . 
  the mutual defence clause of the lisbon treaty stems from the absorption of the western european union -- a military alliance -- into the eu . 
  oh , this is what i 've been longing for . 
  discussing tumblr-posts in / r/europe . 
  thank you for this submission ( and everyone who 's upvoting it ) , i really do n't think this subreddit could survive without quality content like this . 
  i think you are taking this quote out of context . 
  if nato were to station tens of thousands of troops there in advance , of course the 3 states could be defended . 
  if you watch the entire video , brzezinsky is asking nato/the us senate to at least station us forces , or even better a multinational force there to deter putin from attacking in the first place . 
  israeli-level military budget has not crippled israel 's economy and israel does n't even get subsidies from brussels . 
  they could very well raise military expenditure to a total of about 10 billion per year and introduce conscription . 
  with the latest western military tech worth $ 10bn/yr , the baltic states would be a target too costly for russian attacks . 
  i do n't think this is realistic should be done . 
  but it could be . 
  so , your conclusion is , if i read that correctly , the baltics just do n't feel threatened enough to arm themselves to the teeth , 
   i was just offering the reason why the baltic states do n't focus on developing a military that can provide for home defense . 
  it is because of the structure and advice/consultation of nato and a conscious decisions by the baltic states to submit to nato strategy even though they , especially the estonians , are super paranoid about russia . 
  well , yeah , that explains the 2 % percent of gdp `` earmarked '' for nato . 
  it does n't explain why they 're not spending more if they 're frightened of russia . 
   the baltic states are three separate countries also . 
  and they can be one again if they let russia have its way . 
  i do n't think this explains anything . 
  historically , external threats have been the best motivator for overcoming national divisions . 
   they have also been independent since 1948 and had an army ready for defending/seizing land from literally the first day of existence . 
  there are many , many differences between baltic and israel . 
  if the baltic was given billions of dollars in military aid by the usa it could probably afford several hundred tanks . 
  the baltics have been independent for 24 years . 
  in 1972 , 24 years after its independence , israel had already fought three whole wars ( 48 , 56 , 67 ) and probably already had nuclear weapons for 6 years . 
  the usa is giving israel military aid to the tune of 1 % of israeli gdp . 
  israel does n't need it . 
  again , they are spending 5-10 % of gdp on the military , so the overwhelming majority comes from their own budget . 
  ( the usa uses the money for geopolitical reasons and to have them spend it in the us without violating trade rules with open subsidies . ), 
  the baltics could be spending similar amounts of money if they wanted to . 
  ( do n't be annoyed , i 'm just arguing for the sake of debating . 
  i do n't really care so much about this discussion whichever way it goes . ), 
  well , that 's not really an exhaustive explanation . 
  30 years ago when its economy was the same size as the baltic one is today , israel had a powerful army and even nuclear weapons . 
  but that 's because they did and still do spend over 5 % of their gdp on the military . 
  your answer does n't explain why the baltics do n't just do that , too . 
  merkel was originally supposed to turn it on in autumn . 
  unfortunately , she had to cancel , but was so gracious to allow us to turn it on without her pressing the red button . 
  penguins ? 
  yeah , saw some bits here and there . 
  i think he improved during the campaign and he 's been getting more and more media time in the last couple of months . 
  that 's not hypocrisy or a double standard . 
  it 's flip-flopping . 
  well , i kinda hope you 're right . 
  how is he more boring than all other politicians ? 
  someone in the spd recently brought up schulz because his euro-campaign was pretty good . 
  i do n't think it 's very likely but i do think he 'd probably be the best one to really lead through the current crises in europe . 
  if merkel really steps down in 2017 , he would even have a chance , considering the list of potential conservative candidates . 
  the article says where the money comes from . 
  i 'm really sorry about that . 
  unfortunately , the current greek government , or at least parts of it , really go out of their way to offend even the most sympathetic europeans . 
  yeah , i noticed that , too . 
  have him tagged as `` bitter & non-factual '' . 
  some people just are like that , not sure why . 
  but so many jobs !, 
  cern produced the www , which is a service on the internet , but not * the * internet . 
  oh yes , we remove these all the time but they keep re-appearing . 
  sorry about that . 
  well , in my view , one of the main talking points coming from certain people in britain is how european immigrants are swamping the country and so on , so the article attempts to counter this by pointing out that a similar number of britons have moved to the mainland as well . 
  the comments are , as always , loosely related to what the submission is about . 
  i think they are going in too many different directions to all be summed up as a circlejerk , even though individual comment strands may appear like that . 
  and again , please show me where it says that all brits are like that , because i really could n't find it . 
  -- redditors are known for ignoring reddiquette . 
  however , using the downvote button to show disapproval of a policy ( border controls ) may be dickish , but it 's not anglophobia . 
  the comment from the finn is a bit blunt , not denying that , but that 's his opinion and the responses seem to be very different . 
  some people agree , even britons , some disagree . 
  it 's really all quite civil . 
  seriously , i 've followed the scottish independence debate and it was n't any more vile than this . 
  hell , just sporting a bavarian flag like i do in the german subs leads to more ... well , not quite abuse , but you get what i mean . 
  finally , yes britain is roughly tied for second largest country in the eu , so people will talk about it . 
  when britain focusses a lot on freedom of movement , then the rest will talk about it , too . 
  i do n't know . 
  does n't look that terrible to me , but you are , of course , entitled to your opinion . 
  well , then help me out a bit . 
  what comments are you talking about ? 
  this one ? 
   because they 're arrogant cunts .
