  b ) no shit , other countries ' laws might be unconstitutional in ours . 
  it 's almost as if they were written to comply with another constitution that is n't ours . 
   that 's , roughly speaking , the us . 
  no , it 's not , you 're just completely clueless . 
  the political system in america is completely different from ours and their parties as organisations are not anywhere near as important as ours . 
  wan na know how the russian system is like in contrast ? 
  putin and his buddies run the show !, 
  everything else does n't matter unless it does n't contradict what putin and his buddies want . 
  the end . 
  the worst part ? 
  russians seem to like it that way , at least going from those that i have met at work . 
  too many still believe in the need for a strong leader . 
  and your ignorant relativism is , quite frankly , frightening . 
  it does n't destroy nations and its popular support or trust is [ not quite as low ] ( http://www.bruegel.org/nc/blog/detail/article/1153-is-there-a-path-to-political-union/ ) as you insinuate . 
  quite contrary , depending on who you ask . 
  mercosur ( a common market ) will be absorbed into the usan , which is closely modelled after the eu . 
  nafta is just a free trade area aimed at removing tariffs , not a single market , a customs union or anything more sophisticated . 
  the americans also do n't really need help to be a superpower , you know ? 
  averages and generalisations usually have to be used with care . 
  valid points that require fixing . 
  it 's still the only game in town . 
   standard operating procedure is to limit broadcasting licenses etc. 
  locally , economical interference , and disinformation . 
  still not something america does . 
  in america , the media can ruin politicians ' careers , from councilpersons to presidents . 
  when that is possible in russia , then you can call them `` no less free '' . 
  would the ruk be willing to share a currency with scotland similar to how the ecb is shared among the ez ? 
  i remember us discussing this with regard to a fractures europe and the entire world and i still do n't understand why someone would be so eager to * not * be at eye level with his peers on the world stage . 
  re 6 : obviously every existing member could veto any new accession , even rspain scotland 's or ruk catalonia 's . 
  not that i think this is likely , just for completeness ' sake . 
  re 7 : i believe scotland could probably get a schengen opt-out but i doubt that the newer members that are obliged to introduce the euro or already have done so would feel any need to give special treatment to even newer members in that regard . 
  tl ; dr : ~ 1/3 of the swiss economy depends on the eu but in reverse it 's only about 2 % . 
  the eu has less to lose so it can be inconsiderate while switzerland ca n't afford to jeopardise 1/3 of its economy so it tags along . 
  if the europeans do as you suggest , but the russians do n't , how will that help ukrainian democracy and self-determination ? 
   russian media is no less free than us media . 
  that 's absolutely correct as you can see when you compare these two links : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_journalists_killed_in_russia http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_journalists_killed_in_america & # 3232 ; _ & # 3232 ;, 
  did n't you hear ? 
  the ussr was right next to germany and even included non-aligned states . 
  it 's your lucky day . 
  the swiss are voting on whether to ~ ~ jeopardise ~ ~ partially re-negotiate their relationship with the eu . 
  part of the debate is [ this contribution ] ( http://schlemihlsblog.wordpress.com/2014/02/06/asymmetrisch-abhangigkeit-schweiz-eu/ ) which highlights how sovereign a small nation in europe really is . 
  if necessary , a translator will help you understand it . 
  so finally some rebels who are n't religious extremists ? 
  the kind you can give all the weapons you want ? 
  so refreshing for a change . 
  835 of ~ 20000 responses is not 13 % , the percentage is misleading there . 
  they 're disappearing anyway . 
  culture always changes , today 's europe is not the europe we had 100 years ago and it 's also not the one we 'll have in 100 years . 
  it 's natural , just like migration . 
   greece could effectively have spared itself the worst of the crisis greece , as you pointed out , does n't have that many exports . 
  it does , however , import a lot , especially energy . 
  which they could n't afford with a strongly devalued currency . 
  then again , if they would have never been part of the ez , they would have never had these low interest rates to begin with and would have never been able to accumulate this much debt -- but also not profit from the development that was possible through said debt . 
  you and your civilisation , sheesh . 
  that 's nice and all , but it [ wo n't be enough by itself ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5bvbfwuq-q ) . 
  the i3 is pretty much the same size as the vw golf , germany 's most popular car . 
  the ze is based on the m\u00e9gane , the fifth most popular vehicle in france in 2013 -- which is bigger than the four cars ahead of it . 
  and the i3 has a range extender , so it does n't rely on extraordinary infrastructure when making longer trips . 
  they can , they 're just not as good as tesla when it comes to advertisements . 
  the bmw i3 is an example , though it 's more of a a city vehicle and not a luxury sedan , or the renault fluence z.e. 
  ( which has been sold for 3 years now ) , although that one relies on battery swapping instead of quick charging . 
  it 's the same in romania , not exactly known for its catholicism . 
  i think it has more to do with countries that were n't that wealthy not that long ago . 
  i meant that if the door was n't left opened accidentally by the staff , it would probably not habe been an attempt to spy but intimidate . 
  i do n't know what happened . 
  they 're not spying . 
  they 're intimidating . 
  i upvoted you because it 's important to face this cognitive dissonance . 
  i have to provide something better just as much as the critic has to provide a better piece of art . 
  that said , i did n't make an argument about germany 's corruption . 
  i merely pointed out that the perception of corruption can not be translated 1 to 1 into actual existence of corruption . 
  not sure why you are arguing about this , not even ti denies this . 
  i suggest we form a committee to deal with this important question . 
  / u/seefor has n't actually refuted anything i said . 
  the response amounts to `` this is the best we can do '' and i am not even doubting that . 
  it 's still an incorrect simplification to move from a corruption * perception * index to a corruption index and present the ranking as a reliable measure of how corrupted a nation is . 
  you do n't measure corruption , you only measure its perception . 
  i have provided a citation that deals with these issues . 
  i 'm sure the perception is correlated with and even causally linked to the actual levels of corruption , but it 's not the same and it should n't be presented as hard evidence -- just one stroke of the picture . 
  apologies , it was n't my intention to appear aggressive . 
   only a few jurisdictions seem to have the concept of private members bill and most of those jurisdictions have government systems based on the uk system . 
  no , it 's just that the english wikipedia page focusses on english speaking countries above all , just like the german one focusses on germany , austria and switzerland or the french one on france and belgium . 
  * of course * other countries can have bills introduced by ordinary mps . 
  straw man and then an appeal to authority . 
  nice . 
  there is a reason it is called the corruption * perception * index -- because actual corruption is hardly measurable . 
  it does n't happen in the open . 
  academia is quite aware of the limits of these analyses , as e.g. 
  written in measuring corruption by sampford , chapter 5 . 
  perception is the keyword . 
  if germans are so good at corruption that you do n't perceive it as such , germany gets a good score on that index . 
  france opts out of the current enhanced cooperation procedure . 
  well , i did really look for something to satisfy you and i found this : http://www.europeanvoice.com/article/imported/uk-to-resist-calls-for-eu-public-prosecutor/39374.aspx i guess one could argue that this has impeded fighting corruption since only now , more than a decade after the proposal came up , do some member states seem to move forward with the eppo through ` enhanced cooperation ' . 
  happy now ? 
  la d\u00e9fense is n't just one , is it ? 
  anyway , paris is pretty dense , you are right . 
  but munich is both less dense and less tall . 
  since i like space , i 'd prefer more stories over denser construction . 
  you know what else is annoying ? 
  not finding a place to live because people have an aversion again higher buildings .
