  obviously we need to finally create this missing authority . 
  no , but / r/europe still is . 
  do you deliver to south-east bavaria ? 
  i demand that greece exports gyros booths to us . 
  we basically only have d\u00f6ner kebap . 
  i 'm sure that way we can balance greece 's trade balance easily . 
  if we were cool with high inflation , we could just use it to fix the euro . 
  but we 're not . 
  germany profits from the euro . 
  it 's lower valued than a hypothetical dm would be . 
  and , within the ez it 's easier to do long term business if there 's no exchange risk . 
  then there are also receivables in the trillion euro range that could be lost in such a case . 
  tl ; dr : abolishing the euro because some unteachables are calling us names is really not a smart move . 
  i do n't want to live on this continent any more ... but there 's no better continent to live on . 
  the euro was introduced during his government only because the plan , which was conceived under kohl & co. , took longer to implement . 
  you suddenly want to join the eurozone ? 
  then this idea is no reason for you to be suspicious . 
  there are parts of america where you can do that , too . 
  no , you do n't seem to understand . 
  the quote above insinuates that israel would target europe if attacked by anyone . 
  i 'm asking for a proper source for * that * . 
  what strategy has been floated ? 
  destroying the attacker 's when israel proper is beaten ? 
  of course , that 's the point of second strike capabilities . 
  attacking europe just out of spite ? 
  where does * that * come from ? 
  it may not have been a sale if germany covered the costs , but simply a gift . 
  either way , ownership is transferred . 
  yes , click the footnote for that statement . 
  it 's not what i would call properly sourced . 
  the person who said this is not a member of the israeli government or military . 
  he probably mixed up raison d'\u00e9tat with raison d'\u00eatre . 
  and then there 's the whole ` subsidising ailing shipyards ' angle . 
  thanks , but foreign subtitles distract me too much from the spoken word : - /, 
  thanks !, 
  this just in , germans do n't know about the intricacies of british politics and answer such questionnaires based on a vague gut feeling . 
  actually , most of those answering do that , regardless of nationality . 
  that may be true , i do n't know . 
  what i do know is that germany does not have a reputation for pushing the german language . 
  aynway , you do n't happen to know a place where i can get french tv with french subtitles , do you ? 
  i 've been trying to find french movies and tv shows ( with * french * subtitles preferably ) and it 's reaaaaaally hard . 
  it 's like they do n't want me to learn their language . 
  which is stupid . 
  nothing pushes english more than hollywood . 
  if the french elite really wanted to push the french language , they 'd make learning it easiert . 
  lakes or politicians ? 
  probably both . 
  lepeuple is right that there 's a lot of xenophobia involved , but your issues are there as well . 
  there are also other legitimate concerns regarding turkey and the copenhagen criteria , so ... yeah . 
  no , it means a federal government with the necessary authority , for example as described by milkg . 
  i have to disappoint you if you think there is some sort of german conspiracy to take over europe . 
  german politicians are not smart enough for something like that . 
  i think this warrants [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ctbut.jpg ) . 
  it makes sense : german politicians are willing to shell out money if germans can influence how it 's going to be used . 
  federalisation does n't just mean redistribution of wealth , but also power . 
  it 's not the support that creates the bond . 
  it 's profiting from the act . 
  to stay with your example , imagine you lived in a mansion that was bought with money that your mother stole . 
  if prosecuted , you 'd be forced to sell the house and return the money . 
  at least berating the victims because they 're poverty is supposedly caused by laziness would be out of the question . 
  i think we 're starting to move a little too far away from the issue ... what were we discussing again ? 
  my parents want to drive on vacation in greece in summer . 
  they intend to buy fully comprehensive car insurance just for that because one idiot suffices to ruin a car , even if most of the country is cool . 
  so , at least the insurance companies make some profit ( or not , depends ... ) . 
  you rejecting your share of the baggage can be expected , but i 'm pretty sure you wo n't reject your part of the shoulder , will you . 
  all right then , inflate away then :-), 
  that 's an okay answer for the savers . 
  the rest ? 
  i pointed out that it 's not individual guilt but collective responsibility . 
  the world does n't restart every time someone is born . 
  he or she will stand on the shoulder 's of giants and sometimes those shoulders also carry some baggage . 
  the somali has no baggage , but it looks like he has no shoulders as well ... 
  no need for that . 
  living here on this land and implicitly benefiting from its past achievements is enough . 
  everyone who gets paid in euros , gets his pension in euros or has put euros away as savings will ask himself why he should have this purchasing power cut to fund the things you listed . 
  what do you intend to answer them ? 
  it 's true that no individual born after the act can be held responsible for it . 
  the countries as a whole , however , can be . 
  that applies to all colonial powers , after all the wealth extracted from the colonies did n't return just because the colonisers died and/or left . 
  we ca n't cherry-pick . 
  if we are * this * country on * this * territory , with goethe , einstein and schiller , then we 're also the country with blitzkrieg , gas chambers and so on . 
  that includes certain , well , whatever you want to call them , responsibilities or debts . 
  employees of a state do n't need to pay taxes in the first place , their contribution can be made by just reducing their salary accordingly . 
  when it comes to employees of international institutions , you also have to ask yourself which society the contribution should go to . 
  either way , it 's legal even if you might dislike it . 
  tax evasion , not so much . 
  so i do n't see the hypocrisy . 
  diplomatic personnel and other international agents are exempt because else you 'd effectively have nations paying taxes to each other . 
  then there 'd be an incentive to have said institutions on your soil just to grab some money . 
  it 's really understandable to not have them pay taxes . 
  the author of the piece also knows that , that 's why it 's titled `` polemic . '', 
  ah yes , the clerk-in-chief in action . 
   the eu parliament should be about what is best for the eu as a whole . 
  that 's why it would be nice to elect a portion of it not through local lists but union-wide ones . 
  that 's one of the suggestions that 's floating around , at least . 
  america is not exactly known for its interest in foreign affairs , is it ? 
  it 's a bit too simplistic to call it a pissing contest when we face things like acta , swift or passenger name record transfers . 
  reality is , powerful players rule the world , the rest follows . 
  they pay us with green cotton , how is this a victory !, 
  both switzerland and the us redistribute wealth among their constituent parts .
