  i 've never even seen an entire episode and even i understand this running gag . 
  that 's how much this show permeates everything . 
  came here to basically say this . 
   i am 28 years old . 
  i work in a factory . 
  i have no education or qualification . 
  i sometimes feel like we are used by the press to spread hate and fear amongst our fellow working class . 
  at this point i already thought op was wiser than many people i met with plenty of papers proving their education and qualification . 
  spare us your facts , will you ? 
  i really doubt you can show how having the means of production in private hands means our energy consumption will be higher than any other way while preserving our wealth , but i would be willing to be convinced if you can . 
   it 's not our fault they do n't play the game as well as we do at the moment . 
  it 's good that you phrased it that way . 
  germany should keep in mind that it did n't always play the game as well as it does now and that it might not always play it as well in the future . 
  in the former situation the rest of europe was forgiving ( literally ) and in the latter germany probably also does n't want them to be too harsh . 
  the current policies are short-sighted , breed resentment and definitely not in germany 's long-term interests . 
  `` you got to cut people some slack . '', 
  -- marcus aurelius ( no , seriously , albeit loosely translated ), 
  if we stay in crisis mode we 'll save the planet in no time !, 
  those into that stuff might also like bmw welt in munich . 
  that 's the amount `` pledged '' to poland until 2022 : http://www.businessweek.com/articles/2014-05-01/after-10-years-in-the-eu-poland-grows-but-its-young-still-flee according to [ this well-sourced ( albeit rather ugly-designed ) page ] ( http://money-go-round.eu/country.aspx?id=pl ) the actual figure so far is $ 40bn in 2012 , so perhaps $ 60bn today . 
  the per-capita amounts for greece , spain , portugal and ireland all look not too different from the polish numbers . 
  where does this figure come from ? 
  most people do n't really know much about financial regulations and then , because banks = bad and uk = many banks , of course , uk = many bad . 
  in the us , the legislative branch is filled with people who only want the good stuff for their home district . 
  thankfully , it 's a federal competency so the federal government can alleviate the situation somewhat . 
  in europe , not so much . 
  the most unpleasant reforms in german were passed by the left over ten years ago : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/agenda_2010 though i agree that it is probably the german right who wants to force everyone through similar reforms now and not later . 
  works for me ( firefox aurora ) . 
  not at all since we saw that these groups ' candidates only achieved about ~ 1 % of the votes in the presidential election . 
  they do n't have broad support . 
  we must not forget that the people who are willing to act usually are very passionate about whatever it is they are active for . 
  so , it 's no surprise that the most passionate volunteer defenders of ukraine as a nation are , in fact , hardcore nationalists . 
  that does n't mean that the society itself is dominated by them or that ukraine 's struggle for independence is less worthy of our support -- it is not these 1 % that we support , but the other 99 % . 
  the brics have nothing in common except not being america/europe . 
  there is no cohesion , little ideological overlap , few common interests . 
  this term means absolutely nothing , it only makes certain sentences shorter . 
  and so you 've moved on to another red herring : what the us did 30 years ago . 
  not only has it nothing to do with what is happening now , the americans both admitted it was them and compensated the victims ' families . 
  also , regarding fascists toppling some government : if the nazi election result of 1 % does n't persuade you that they are not a strong force in ukraine , nothing will . 
  at the end of the day , the former president was n't `` toppled '' or anything , he fled the country at some point and the * same * parliament that was in power before that ( i.e. 
  supposedly legitimately elected ) installed a new government . 
  yes , even large parts of his own party supported the new government . 
  at the end of the day i can not understand people like you . 
  wherever we look , being on the western side is better for you than being on russia 's side . 
  poland ( or romania , for that matter ) is doing better than ukraine , south korea is doing better than north korea , chile is doing better than cuba . 
  and yet , here we are , still having to read this nonsense . 
  it 's baffling . 
  my romanian is n't good enough to respond in it , however , your entire post is nothing but a false equivalence with a bit of a red herring . 
  events from cuba from over 100 years ago ? 
  useless . 
  you know , propaganda is just a systematic attempt at shaping a group 's opinion . 
  it does n't have to be lies . 
  and so far , the western narrative matches the facts 100 % . 
  the same can not be said for the russian `` narrative . '', 
  i do n't disagree with anything you write . 
  i just see historical evidence that federalism pacifies certain potential conflicts before they become serious . 
  i am convinced that fn in france or ukip in britain would be way less influential if the democratic system was more decentralised so that local discontent could be contained ( or rather some steam could be vented in local elections ) just as over-the-top favouritism ( i.e. 
  paris/london  all ) that leads to many conflicts could be stopped . 
  when you factor all that in , there can still be many things that are better handled together by the federation , but fundamentally the compartmenting nature of federalism is something very valuable albeit hard to quantify . 
  perhaps not the only thing , but the eu * has * given the constant conflicts in europe a political framework to be resolved in . 
  that has been the key solution to end the violence . 
  perhaps you should blame your landlord for the broken insulation and ventilation and not the people who can cook whatever they want in their own home . 
  bavaria is perhaps the richest state of germany . 
  it needs nothing from the eu . 
  also , while i think that zanker is batshit crazy , bavaria would probably not remain in a unitary germany and while i would n't really like that , i can hardly blame them . 
  federalism is what gives local communities self rule . 
  it has value , even if it 's not perfectly efficient . 
  i think the importance of nazis is clear since their candidate ( s ) at the presidential election got ~ 1 percent of the votes . 
  uhh ... 
  i do n't know if you know it , but le pen is ( imho rightfully ) regarded as a very dangerous spectre in germany . 
  if france were to elect her as president , there would most likely be a * severe * crisis in franco-german relations . 
  thanks , but i have a [ vpn ] ( https://www.privateinternetaccess.com/pages/network/ ) where i can choose many countries . 
  i just do n't use it at work because it slows down my connection to our data centre . 
  italy is a net contributor . 
  no one gives anything to italy . 
  i agree with your last paragraph . 
  i 'd like to encourage you to do that . 
  the immigrants already do n't exactly live a great life so there 's no point in kicking someone already on the ground . 
  but your `` friends '' are cunts . 
  perhaps well-intentioned , but still cunts , and the road to hell is paved with good intentions . 
  no , i understand the reference , but what does it have to do with the comment that you replied to ? 
  this joke goes over my head . 
  care to explain ? 
  i think the number of countries who want to buy ships from france and invade their neighbours under false pretences is fairly limited . 
  so russia is the imperium from warhammer 40,000 or what ? 
  mr corary should look up the words efficiency and effectiveness or effectivity . 
  go with the times !, 
  little green men and then a faux referendum is where it 's at nowadays . 
  we wish . 
  germany does n't have a california :-(, 
  yes , i was talking about everything aside from passport controls . 
  unless the `` muh sovereigntey '' - crowd will want to control immigration ( it ca n't if people can just fly into ireland and walk into the uk ) and to accept non-negligible amounts of eu legislation ( commercial policy , tariffs , competition rules , ... ) it had absolutely no say on . 
  that depends on the exact arrangement . 
  for example , if the uk were to leave completely , i.e. 
  not even remain in the customs union , there would , at least , need to be customs checks at the border . 
  questionable , because it would suck for anyone involved if the borders between ireland/ruk and scotland/ruk became eu external frontiers . 
  this is n't a fight between ukraine and some local patriots , it 's ukraine vs. russia . 
  so the latter is represented by the arsonists . 
  so , to keep with / u/mantonization 's metaphor , you 're blaming the fire fighters for the water damage to your home instead of the arsonist who tries to burn it down . 
  got it .
