   for someone who basically said `` we ca n't trust people with referendums because voters are ignorant , power must be on the hands of politicians because bureaucrats are enlightened '' , yep , you do are arguing against democracy . 
  nowhere did i say that . 
  i simply pointed out that running a government is no less challenging than other tasks in our modern society and requires full time attention . 
   you 're either for democracy or against democracy , there 's no middle-ground of only supporting democracy when it suits you , that 's what 's called being an hypocrite . 
  i unconditionally support constitutional representative democracy . 
  i see no hypocrisy in that . 
  tocqueville discusses the difficulty of balancing the interests of the individual and those of the majority in his book democracy in america . 
  i can only recommend it . 
   what a joke . 
  representatives only care about themselves and if they keep quiet they can go their whole career fucking up constantly behind the scenes and making things harder for everybody else . 
  well , no . 
  that only works if civil society sleeps . 
   when it is a choice that affects the lives of all the people , then all the people must have a voice . 
  i do n't care how much the guy selling me a car knows about cars , if i 'm the one buying it i should have the choice . 
  same thing with politicians , i do n't give two shits what excuse they make up for spending money on x or y , if i as a taxpayer do n't want them to waste my money , i should have that choice !, 
  you have . 
  vote for a party that wo n't spend money on that or found a party yourself . 
  do n't force others to invest so much time into the operations of government just because you have missed the last few millennia of democratic development . 
  perhaps , but the farther you are from europe the easier it is to do business with others and then how smart is it to tie yourself exclusively to european standards ? 
  we have geography that pushes us together . 
  brazil is doing its own thing with its neighbours in mercosur and soon usan and china is big enough to force others adopts * its * rules . 
   the goal was a federation , and your side has been lying through its teeth about that since the beginning . 
  yes , so dishonest they wrote in on the first page of every treaty . 
  this is grotesque . 
  besides , i 'm not a fan of the way the establishment has pushed through with european integration , even if i like european integration itself . 
   vast majority the vast majority sees no benefits from swiss competition . 
  them being able to move to and work in switzerland is their benefit . 
  the swiss agreed to such a deal . 
  do you not even see your double standard ? 
  they can demand unfettered access to our markets and we have to give it them , no questions asked -- that 's what you 're expecting . 
  god forbid we have our own interests that we 'd like respected . 
  aside from that , neither the eu nor its predecessors were ever sold as a free trade zone . 
  not even the uk pamphlets of the 70s described it like that . 
  stop your historical revisionism . 
   and why the mostly vote on laws they themselves can be bothered to read ? 
  because division of labour is even used within a parliament . 
  the different factions have themselves expert mps in the respective committees that report on different issues and give recommendations to their colleagues . 
  no single mp can deal with every aspect of our countries . 
   regular folks on referendums only vote if they know what they 're voting on . 
  there 's always public debate previous to the referendum and experts also make their opinions heard . 
  questionable , and even if , they are not subject to public scrutiny or re-election . 
  one can be very irresponsible if one does n't have to justify the decision to anyone . 
   according to that logic , it would be best if a bureaucracy chose everything for us , it would be more efficient to have a small more specialised groups making all the choices and we common folk going on with our lives trusting that our politicians care about us and will chose for us better than we 'd choose for ourselves . 
   before you know it , we 'd throw democracy out of the window and live in an enlightened despotism with a ( supposedly ) well-intentioned autocrat deciding things for us . 
  this is what 's called the slippery slope fallacy . 
  i argue for representative democracy , you somehow end up at abolishing democracy altogether . 
  it does n't follow and i do n't advocate it . 
   decisions that affect everybody must take into account the opinion of everybody , it would never be legitimate to support democracy when it suits us and trump over it when it does n't . 
  and politicians are people just like you or me and just like you or me they put their own interests above the interests of everybody else and so regardless of their intentions , it 's a recipe for corruption and exploitation when they have the power to choose against the electorate . 
  referenda do n't take everyone 's opinion into account . 
  in fact , they only take into account the winning side 's opinion . 
  representatives , on the other hand , are under public scrutiny and have to justify their decisions to a lot of people . 
  often , no party has a majority on parliament and has to form coalitions that help make sure that decision do not disadvantage one group too much . 
  there is a lot of literature on that topic , i 'm not sure how useful it is to talk about this here . 
  i 'd give you a book suggestion , but i only have one in german . 
  no , that 's why they have expert hearings . 
  but they * can * devote all of their time on listening to experts . 
  regular folks have other things to do . 
  not sure why the fundamental principle of division of labour should n't be applicable to running a country . 
  i just compared import/export numbers and swiss/eu gdp from their wikipedia pages . 
  remember that we do n't have a free trade agreement but a common market . 
  who decides on what rules our common market operates ? 
  our common institutions , of course . 
  they are not foreign , they are shared . 
  norway chooses to not take part in this sharing agreement . 
  but , it still has to obey the single market rules if it wants unfettered access to it . 
  i think that 's pretty fair . 
   leichensen oh my god , what did you do to liechtenstein ? 
  30 % of the swiss economy depend on the eu , 2 % of the eu economy depend on switzerland . 
  these numbers are not subject to opinions . 
  privileged access to our markets is just that , a privilege . 
  we can set preconditions . 
  there is nothing abhorrent about that . 
  that 's ... drastic . 
  that 's utter nonsense . 
  have you ever spent some time in america ? 
  you sound like you get your america fix from the daily show . 
   would fox news ever try to topple a republican president ? 
  probably not . 
  would any russian news topple a russian president ? 
  yeah , maybe , the left are famous for their infighting . 
  still more likely than in russia . 
   cnn is just the intersection of both , not an alternative . 
  american media consists of 3 tv stations , that 's what you think ? 
  do you even realise what website you are on ? 
   how likely is it for an independent to become president , yes even mentioned in the media ? 
  yes , i remember how all our independents got to debate merkel and steinbrueck in our last election . 
  not to mention all the tv debates putin had to endure . 
  really tough to run for office there . 
   when media destroys bachman 's career , is that an actual political act or showbiz ? 
  had anyone cared about clinton getting head if it was n't for his too social leanings ? 
  what the fuck does this have to do with freedom of media in russia ?!, 
   imagine the whole german media landscape consisting of two bilds , one for the spd and one for the cdu . 
  except , that 's not how the american media landscape looks like . 
  and democracts and republicans in america are much more diverse than cdu and spd are , you know ? 
  romney , a republican , introduced a universal healthcare system to massachusetts while democrats scrapped some parts of obamacare that were passed in ma . 
   get rid of all other parties through the electoral system ( which 'd be unconstitutional , in germany ) , turn the dial to right . 
  a ) i think you misunderstand duverger 's law : two parties in a district does n't mean two political options nation wide . 
  in the uk , the two parties can be tories vs. labour or labour vs. libdem or whatever . 
  in america , it 's usually but not always republican vs. democrat and even then it 's r vs. d normalised to their location : the race in texas is different from the race in maine .
