  i 'm not talking about sky scrapers . 
  more than 5-6 stories ? 
  hold your horses , icarus . 
  source : living in munich . 
  can they make any banker the boss of our central bank or do you prefer someone with no experience in the field whatsoever ? 
  ah , so that 's what the fuss was all about . 
  the media really need to learn to properly express themselves . 
  yes , that should have told you that your evaluation is n't particularly useful . 
  your relations should be limited to age cohorts . 
  i do n't understand why we need another institution . 
  ca n't just eurozone and soon-to-be-eurozone meps do the job in a special committee or something ? 
  i think you 'll always detect cancer when it kills you , so the cancer rate can be determined with or without scanning beforehand . 
  what do you need 10 grams of chocolate for , anyway ? 
  neutral does n't mean you do n't want your nose broken . 
  no one wants their nose broken . 
  neutral means you do n't pick fights * and * you do n't choose sides . 
  that said , sweden ( and the other `` neutrals '' ) chose a side ( the eu ) , so they 're not neutral anyway and the point the author is trying to make is incorrect irrespectively . 
  the author pointed out the hypocrisy of pretending to be neutral while making nice profits through selling weapons ( and , if i may add , not even neutrally to everyone , mind you ) . 
  it 's * literally * in the same sentence . 
  the french will agree just to annoy the english . 
  the website has its [ sources ] ( http://money-go-round.eu/section.aspx?id=7 ) listed . 
  but you are free to refute them with your own . 
  can you ? 
   the netherlands which is a tiny country with a small population contributes net more to the eu than france that 's incorrect . 
  they are called studentenverbindungen . 
  keep it up , you 're doing good . 
  what did it say ? 
  no shit . 
  i 'm starting to think four lions was a documentary and not satire . 
  cool . 
  same goes for turkey ? 
  yeah , here only government issued id is generally accepted . 
  out of curiosity , does the card have your photo , name and birthday on it ? 
  i do n't know where you are from . 
  they did n't sell you something because you appeared too young and could n't prove that you are of age to buy alcohol . 
  okay , so , assuming the interests of big business wo n't be at the heart of this , would you be okay with it then ? 
  ( on a side note , the reason why northern europe wants to avoid inflationary pressure is not because of business ; businesses do n't sit on cash . 
  private citizens do because our economic education sucks and people do n't learn how to invest :-| ), 
  be that as it may , my honest question still stands : seriously , what do you think federalists in the ep or the spinelli group want to achieve ? 
  you seem to believe that exploitation is explicit . 
  as in , they knock on your door and demand something . 
  that 's not necessarily what is happening , even though that does happen when you go against china , for instance , as its neighbours learn every day . 
  or against russia ... in europe it works differently because we are a community of democracies . 
  still , the eu does n't consult , say , switzerland or norway when it makes decisions . 
  of course it does n't , it has a democratic responsibility to its people , no one else . 
  yet , the eu 's decisions affect them greatly . 
  it 's not explicit bullying , europe just does what it feels is right for itself and the small neighbours have to deal with it . 
  but what i meant above is that more and more important issues are no longer matters of small nation states . 
  for example , how we govern the more and more important digital sphere or how we deal with pollution and climate change . 
  or how we deal with global medical challenges . 
  in the future , there will still be g-something summits to handle these things . 
  perhaps a g-6 : usa , china , india , brazil , russia , europe . 
  this group will combine more than half of the world 's population and economic power . 
  they will talk about the important issues and find agreements . 
  and the rest will probably be expected to fall in line . 
  without a united europe , there might be a few european countries at these summits , but a majority of europeans will be excluded and those that are able to attend will not be as influential as the entire continent would be as a whole . 
  i do n't know enough about australia , new zealand or singapore to make definitive statements about the , but the same mechanisms will apply to them to some extent . 
  certainly , a nation rich in resources like australia that is somewhat detached from the next giants ( india , china , america ) has more of a choice than , for example , bangladesh . 
  people in power , be they formally in power by virtue of being elected officials or high ranking clerks can , of course , influence the direction that law takes . 
  obviously , it 's their job . 
  the same , to a lesser degree , goes for wealthy people : they have easier access to the upper levels of government which again helps them influence government action . 
  as for equality in the eyes of the law : yeah sure . 
  do you know this joke ? 
  `` in its majestic equality , the law forbids rich and poor alike to sleep under bridges , beg in the streets , and steal loaves of bread . '', 
  having said that , my comment was more in general , not necessarily connected to mr blair 's story . 
  i agree . 
  it is somewhat dishonest to pretend that there are no discrepancies between de facto and de jure in today 's world . 
  how exactly do these young people expect to have a say in a world of giants like the us , china , india , brazil ? 
  you know , germany before 1871 was a bunch of bickering states , not unlike europe . 
  and just like europe , it was exploited by powerful neighbours for their own agenda -- because they were simply too small , too weak , too many to find common interests and stand behind them together . 
  do you want that to happen to us again ? 
  history does tend to repeat itself . 
  what is this fourth reich supposed to be , exactly ? 
  while i see some fellow / r/europe-ans asking for them to come so we can deal with them through debate , i personally do n't actually want to waste my time with such non-sense . 
  i do n't come here to debate cavemen . 
  it 's not like you can convince them to not be racist any more through internet comments . 
  i thus simply propose the mods to ramp up the banning instead . 
  users can guide the mods through reporting to help identify repeat offenders . 
  do this before they turn off too many of our users and destroy the subreddit . 
  do n't underestimate them . 
  \\* slow clapping *, 
  in many continental countries it 's actually just a misconception that you have to carry it with you and show it on demand . 
  are you sure you were not misinformed ? 
  in germany , for instance , police have to have a reasonable suspicion to ask for id and then , if you do n't have any with you , they can take you to the police station with them to look you up . 
  i 'm told this is no different from the uk ( stop and account vs. stop and search ) . 
  you do , however , have to have some kind of valid id from the age of 16 on , be it a passport or id card . 
  not with you , but still . 
  considering that , i find your comment about not fitting in rather amusing . 
  very difference , such unique . 
  not just them , america and other former british colonies also do n't have any . 
  they just muddle through with drivers licenses and similar things . 
  as if that was any better than a dedicated piece of plastic . 
  that makes a lot of sense , but it would have made more sense if he had n't fractured europe to go to a questionable war ... 
  ukraine is quite a bit higher in terms of corruption and poverty . 
   50/50 split within the whole population [ really ? 
  i think the clause actually only applies to the first 6 treaties which form a kind of framework for many subsequent treaties . 
  so from what i can tell , most issues fall under this clause , yes . 
  however , since 2012 the eu council has made it clear that they wo n't allow the relationship to evolve further with that model but instead expect switzerland to enter an eea-like agreement like norway . 
  i could just not go to work next week . 
  they only said they 'd terminate my employment contract , but it 's still in my hands and it has n't been tested yet .
