  okay , if you insist , my answer : perhaps de gaulle was right after all and we should listen to him better late than never . 
  look at [ this map ] ( http://www.marketing-blog.biz/uploads/gfk_kaufkraft_europa_2010.jpg ) and just try to imagine why it might be hard for greece to be as wealthy as the west . 
  who should they easily trade with ? 
  they 're surrounded by poverty . 
  until the fall of the iron curtain greece was basically an island . 
  23 years since german reunification , you can still see the division within germany . 
  and east germany did n't just get some billions from the eu but literally * trillions * of euros from european and , above all , german taxpayers . 
  this is always a problem for peripheral regions , be they geographically distant or just hard to make accessible with infrastructure . 
  it was a problem for the regions of west germany bordering the east , it 's a problem for the overseas territories , for southern italy . 
  it 's hard for regions in sweden , too , as we can see on that map : the rural regions are significantly poorer than urban regions . 
  that can be certainly debated . 
  just the claim that it was `` just supposed to be a free trade zone '' or similar is not correct . 
  it never was * just * that . 
   this is ridiculous , how the fuck are you getting upvoted ? 
  this is a textbook example of straw-man reasoning . 
  u l no , it is an example how you have no clue and give blow jobs to france when you have nothing better to do . . please , if you like science - prove me wrong scientifically . 
  please tell me why i should support greece for another 14 years , but hate the uk . 
  why ? 
  science ? 
  i inderstand that you do not know basics , but please , give me the scientific answer why the uk is worde than greece ? 
  science !, 
    some eurozone countries are doing well , some are n't . 
  just like the situation outside the eurozone . 
    liar . 
  and asshole . 
  please , evidence for that . 
  no , sweden is not as bad of as greece . 
  and the fact that you are lying says all about you . . you do not care about basic fact . 
    they are not `` not working . '', 
  some things just need time . 
    asshole . 
  liar . 
  39 years of `` working '' . 
  please - how many generations ? 
  if 39 years is not enough for you - how many ? 
  in detail ? 
  and why ? 
  please explain to me in scientific detail as to why i , my children and grandchildren should pay for greece . 
  i am a scientisct - why ? 
  why is the eu ok with permanent net recipients and why are fuckers like you more woried about those , instead of those countries who are actually a drainage . 
    i 'd like answers to all my questions please.all of them . 
  why should i pay for greece ? 
  they have been on the receiving end since 1981 - how the fuck can you defend that ? 
  do you thing my grandchildren should pay ofr greece ? 
  where is your limit ? 
    h baby - still no facts ? 
  pleae expalin to me how greece is far better to the ez than the uk . 
    you   some eurozone countries are doing well , some are n't . 
  just like the situation outside the eurozone i no . 
  then you do not even understand the basic of economics . 
  but i am not surprised . 
  you are an idiot.the eurozone is bad . 
  that is why it is not working . 
  and if you ae sor stupid so you do not understand baic economics . 
  well - you do not . 
    why are we arguing with the uk ? 
  oh right , because the uk government wants to stick its nose in eurozone business , afraid that deepened integration will erode what little influence they have left after dragging their feet as much as they have . 
    or , becausee the fucking ez is trying to make the rest of us pay . 
  why are you asking us , to participate in the ftt or the bank union   i think it is so telling that you have no answers . 
  you are ok with greece becoming a permanent net recipient and that we , and my grandchildren are going to pay for them for eages , is ok . you do not even give a fuck . 
  you just give money away . 
    if not - why are you still giving out money to greece ? 
  in detail please ? 
  i 'd like the scientific answer as to why they can not pay why am i still paying for them ? 
  in bloody scientific detail , or are you are liar ? 
  what makes you think you can talk to me like that ? 
  is this the kind of discourse you think is acceptable when talking to * anyone * ? 
  what kind of scientific discipline breeds such manners ? 
  re-formulate that post to show at least a minimum of civility and i will consider responding properly . 
  but `` ever closer '' does mean `` perpetually getting closer . '', 
  that 's distinct from any other loose kind of relations . 
  i 'm not sure there has n't been an agreed definition , but ok . what other kind do you envision ? 
  i hear that often , but this viewpoint is tantamount to historical revisionism . 
  even though it is debatable if churchill saw the uk in our out , already back then he advocated for a kind of united states of europe and his `` counterparts '' in continental europe , schumann & monnet , agreed . 
  the treaty of rome ( 1957 ) and every treaty from then on declares economic union to be the foundation for an ever closer union . 
  you send me something you enjoy or i send you something i enjoy . 
  how about that ? 
  i 'd prefer a federal europe with britain in . 
  now , you 'll scold me because that was n't one of the options . 
  but , i 'm a patient man . 
  i can wait for [ this trend ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/exclusive-young-people-want-uk-to-stay-in-europe-four-in-10-adults-aged-18-to-24-are-firmly-in-favour-of-membership-poll-shows-9006438.html ) to intensify . 
  who knows , maybe the pro-campaign is * so * successful , britons will overtake us in europhilia :-) ^ ( one day i 'll have `` my '' global civilisation and all its goodies . 
  just wait ... ), 
  oh come on . 
  what the british people want is determined by a complex feedback loop between them and their elites , leaders and media . 
  it 's not like it 's ingrained in them . 
  just like * anywhere * else . 
  germans did n't want the euro . 
  politicians and media were mostly in favour . 
  then they got the euro . 
  [ now they want the euro ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/currency/9981255/quarter-of-germans-want-to-drop-the-euro.html ) . 
  you think they were convinced by rational arguments ? 
  and it 's the same in the entire eurozone . 
  if britain had the euro today , you 'd want to keep it as much as we do . 
  it would n't be harmful either , because your policies over the last years would have been adapted to the common currency -- the uk political class is much more adept than that of certain other eurozone members . 
  additionally , the uk would perhaps have shifted the majority in the ecb council towards different policies . 
  but no . 
  british * politicians and parts of the media blame the eu for problems they themselves created ( e.g. 
  benefit abuse ) . 
  they blame the eu for things it ca n't control ( e.g.
