  are you serious ? 
   want to use the european integration to strengthen the independence i have a hard time understanding what that means . 
  can you elaborate ? 
  sounds like a good idea !, 
  cdu , ump or tories are right . 
  pvv , fp\u00d6 & co. are right-wing populists or worse . 
  it 's good to label them publicly as such . 
   firstly , in some countries , generations of people have invested and made sacrifices to build a highly developed infrastructure and well-working institutions . 
  why should you be allowed to simply waltz in and use what others have built ? 
  that cuts both ways . 
  generations of people in the west have exploited today 's developing countries in order to create said infrastructure and institutions . 
  how come those stolen from do n't deserve them now ? 
  linear extrapolation is questionable . 
  it also has little to do with taking over the world . 
  and the eu is run by directly or indirectly elected officials , both on a national and european level . 
  [ are you serious ? 
  that 's a nice way to put it . 
  i live close to the border and often cross it to buy things . 
  since the euro the feeling that i 'm abroad has slowly gone away . 
  the top rated comments on that page argue that 1 ) tighter economic integration equals dictatorship and 2 ) muslims will take over the world . 
  wonderful . 
  you do n't see anything bizarre with joining a union that has the expressed will to form an `` ever closer '' union and then complaining * all the time * when it happens ? 
  the euroskeptic/british viewpoint is far more irritating . 
  just get out already if you do n't like the eu ; eea is a nice organisation . 
  the corinth canal was built  100 years ago . 
  i 'm not sure this video would have changed my mind in favour of european solidarity if i was n't already in favour of it . 
  fun links like what ? 
  i 'm serious , what is considered pan-european fun ? 
  so next time i see it i 'll think `` this needs to go to / r/europe '' . 
  i 'm sorry , i 'm not sure what you mean by `` like the us '' . 
  what is the defining characteristic ? 
  for starters , we 'd never have a first-past-the-post election system and most likely not a presidential system ( semi-presidential at most ) . 
  who said anything about the us model ? 
  well , how easy for you to say . 
  let 's see how you do when uncle sam and mother russia decide to put the iron curtain west of you . 
  straw-man . 
  it 's about pooling sovereignty where it is for the common good , not indiscriminately handing over country , culture and sovereignty to anyone . 
  history shows that countries are rather ruthless . 
  they will follow their interests , if other nations have to suffer , so be it . 
  if europe ca n't protect its interests , it wo n't be able to protect its standard of living either . 
  you can hope this will not happen , but i 'd rather have something more tangible than just hope . 
  sure . 
  though i 'm from romania myself and i 've never seen a romanian level of corruption in germany . 
   inevitable brutality care to explain ? 
  we do n't have to violate the principle of subsidiarity as much as the americans do . 
   after all , what have you done to deserve this burden . 
  what have * you * done to deserve it ? 
  just been born on the `` wrong '' side of a border ? 
  so much for european solidarity -- bunch of fair-weather friends . 
  i heard similar things from a bosnian friend of mine . 
  are his voters not pissed at him ? 
  the european parliament can not get the uk out of the eu , no matter how often he rants there . 
  why do they send someone to brussels who will just waste everyone 's time instead of working for his constituents ? 
  it 's a double edged sword . 
  on the hand you are right . 
  on the other , their country usually invests in them , for example through education , hoping they will somehow raise the standard of living in it by doing what they were trained to do . 
  instead they leave and stay with us . 
  people from the top of the list should move to countries from the bottom of the list . 
  freedom of movement , it 's not just for vacations . 
  it is that symbolism that is pissing people off . 
  symbols matter !, 
  it 's not all logos , there 's also pathos and ethos . 
  it 's basically saying `` we have no problem sacrificing european achievements to cater to nationalists '' . 
  nationalists dislike others simply because they were n't born on their side of a border . 
  of course siding with them will get you the disapproval of people on the `` wrong '' side of said border . 
  i agree with you . 
  from munich . 
  we may not be able to keep that standard of living if other states can drive wedges between us to further their own agendas . 
  unfortunately , there are a few really big states who might do that . 
  sure , we can hope this will not happen , but i 'd rather live in a stronger , bigger union that can stand its ground . 
  does n't mean we have to start pushing others around , but at least no one should be able to push us around . 
  ** you ** may not know . 
  india has quotas for women and lower castes in its political system , it creates autonomous regions for minority languages , and more . 
  how exactly is that related to india 's many languages and cultures ? 
  india somehow manages . 
  and it 's `` only '' a developing nation . 
  ffs . 
  you do n't even know whether the pensions are high enough to live on them or whether they have to keep working . 
  you appear to just want to believe that they 're lazy . 
  go ahead , i 've had enough . 
  there 's always someone protesting change . 
  generalising that to the entire country is not accurate . 
  again , from the official retirement age you can not deduce how productive or lazy someone is . 
  it simply can not be done without additional information , like that in the eurostat report ( which i did n't work through because , well , it 's kind of long ) . 
  your insistence on some perceived laziness speaks volumes -- about you , not them . 
  the numbers are from eurostat . 
  if you do n't trust them , you will not trust anything . 
  you have , however , not provided any evidence that the retirement numbers have actually been somehow manipulated -- except some vague claims that greeks generally should n't be trusted . 
  i do n't think there 's a point in continuing this . 
  on a personal note , i 'm in favour of helping out those unfortunate europeans who are now in trouble while working on a long-term solution to the causes of the troubles . 
  and i expect everyone who wants to share the good that comes with the union to also share the burdens that may sometimes come with it . 
  fair-weather members are welcome to leave , for all i care . 
  as far as i can tell the average retirement age in sweden is 63.8 years , so that 's about 2 years difference . 
  how you can say that greeks are lazy just from looking at their number is beyond me . 
  there are * so * many potential reasons for that . 
  the greek economy could be more focussed on manual labour which simply ca n't be performed from a certain age on , unemployment is higher so they will probably retire earlier if there are no jobs , how many actually keep working after they are officially retired , and so on . 
  simply deducing `` they 're lazy '' from those numbers is either dishonest or shallow . 
  anyway , about the average retirement age : [ this report from eurostat ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/cache/ity_offpub/ks-80-07-135/en/ks-80-07-135-en.pdf ) says [ this on page 210 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vphrn.png ) . 
  el is greece . 
  i do n't know whether the numbers are from oecd .
