  on the phone you can use swype to get proper diacritics rather easily . 
  i speak romanian but i never visited a romanian school , so i do n't have much exercise in reading it . 
  you know , for someone not used to reading romanian , hotnews ' habit of not using the full romanian alphabet is n't helpful at all . 
  there are groups that have more influence , sure , but that does n't mean that elections do n't matter * at all * . 
  would you say dna could continue its work the way it continues if ponta had been elected instead of iohannis ? 
  do you think al gore would have attacked iraq just like gwb ? 
  do you think germany would have decided to abandon nuclear power without the electoral successes of the green party ? 
  do you think cameron would offer a referendum on eu membership if ukip would n't gain ground ? 
  do you think nd or pasok would try to change greece 's situation the same way syrize tries to ? 
  the idea that elections have no influence whatsoever is not even remotely connected to reality . 
  go ask the iranians or the latin american countries who got their elected government deposed by outside forces . 
  surely , that would n't have been necessary if elections did n't matter , would it ? 
  on a more personal note , i do n't think you have an even remotely adequate amount of experience to display such cynicism . 
  i 'm telling you this as someone who ran for office himself and failed -- and not due to any shady cabal or tiny elite . 
  no , actually , one of the biggest obstacles were people like you , who did n't believe their vote could have an impact . 
  and who benefited from that belief ? 
  exactly , just the people that are already in power , the ones that really are closer to that elusive elite . 
  well done , eh . 
  you think you 've figured it all out , but you really have no idea . 
  [ you 're on stage one but you 're mistaking it for stage four ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/four_stages_of_competence#the_four_stages_of_competence ) . 
  i 'd say their combined benefit is * precisely * the same amount as the loss of the telcos ( excluding taxes ) ;-), 
  an untrue sentence that is only useful to those already in power . 
  uh , yes , everyone who 's not in the telco business but sends people across borders would profit , including many big firms . 
  this group is just much more diverse and not organised such that it could challenge the telco lobbying . 
  we 'd need to organise some sort of european communication services consumer association . 
  i recommend watching the sunset at cabo da roca . 
  hm , well , then let 's see what happens on sunday . 
  is n't it just the electoral system ? 
  people can vote fn without consequence , just to protest against whatever they do n't like , knowing that they wo n't get the 50 % . 
  i mean , it 's still not very bright but it does n't mean a growing number of people actually want this . 
  you did n't ask me personally , but i think it 's sounder than anything else i 've heard so far . 
  i hope greece can overcome the crisis and its government then manage to convince the rest-ez of such a programme . 
  as the article points out , germany is in a position to lead but does n't do it . 
  america is and does it , too . 
  we could probably overcome the current crisis rather easily if germany was willing to spend the same share of its gdp on europe as america is spending on maintaining its , ahem , circle of friends . 
  for the time being , neither hydro storage nor pneumatic storage exists in the quantities required , nor is there a power grid in place to properly connect consumers , producers and storage . 
  so , at least for now , we 're stuck with gas . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , give me new nuclear power plants or at least french nuclear electricity at french prices :-) my office already has a scientific fission reactor 300m in one direction and an experimental fusion reactor 200m in the other -- i would n't object to a nuclear power plant nearby . 
  unfortunately , my fellow citizens seem to disagree . 
  renewables wo n't accomplish what you are looking for . 
  in the absence of electricity storage technology , gas power plants are used to ramp up and down quickly , when needed . 
  so , more renewables means more gas power plants and fewer other base load plants . 
  do you think it works as intended ? 
  it reminds me of the `` made in germany '' label -- that became a positive brand very quickly . 
  the euro allowed some booms in certain economies and now much of it came back down . 
  true , without the euro there 'd be no need to come back down -- because there would n't have been a boom to come down from . 
  so , your statement is quite a bit too definitive . 
  is the specific procedure by which you have to give up half a million euros really such an important distinction ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  at the end of the day , the sum allows you to buy your way in , regardless of where the money goes . 
  the entrance of criminals could be a problem , so perhaps it would be prudent to give the other states some influence , maybe through the schengen mechanisms . 
  having said that , the kind of criminals that can and want to cough up such a sum are probably just white collar criminals -- having them in the eu would probably make it easier to bring the to justice , if it ever came to that . 
  if they ever even come here and do n't just want the passport because it allows easier travel to other parts of the world . 
  every country has investor programmes . 
  for instance , you can `` buy '' permanent residency in belgium for 400k and qualify for citizenship after 3 years . 
  it 's not a very big deal . 
  there may be majorities for one or the other kind of policies in one or the other part of europe , but i think the entire debate would be less toxic if we acknowledged that all opinions are present everywhere ( in substantial numbers ) and that the debate is n't north-vs-south but rather pro/contra certain policies * across the whole zone * . 
  yes . 
  yes !, 
  it 's truly a worthy successor to simcity 4 . 
  now back to playing ... ^ please ^ send ^ help !, 
  you mean , clogged . 
  another one . 
  skyscrapers are expensive . 
  all of them are . 
  if you have a hammer , all problems tend to look like nails . 
  but not every problem of society is best solved with stem-educated minds , and i 'm telling you this as someone who could n't possibly get much more `` stemy . '', 
  dae le stem  all ??!?!??!?!, 
  i do n't know how to link to the eurostat dataset . 
  it 's called `` asylum and new asylum applicants by citizenship , age and sex monthly data ( rounded ) '' if you want to look it up yourself . 
  you can choose countries of origin using the + sign next to `` citizen '' . 
  in the last 6 months ( that 's what i looked at ) , about 30 % of all refugees came from libya , syria , iraq . 
  another 30 % came from kosovo ( ! ), 
  though as far as i know , kosovo will probably be soon re-classified as a safe country , so that source of asylum seekers will dry up soon . 
  the rest of the world , including sub-saharan africa is in the remaining ~ 30 % . 
  without judgement , it used to be lower back when libya had functioning borders . 
  so , including kosovo , a third of all refugees are from the regions in question , excluding kosovo about half . 
  the greek gov should just do it . 
  if they can present results , no one will laugh any more . 
  thank you for this comment . 
  it 's interesting to see the parallels . 
  i hope you stick around this subreddit to share your views . 
  no , they would have happened . 
  except , saddam would have killed them all like he did before , ghaddafi would have done the same ( remember that the aerial strikes began when he was on the verge of winning ) , and with no unstable iraq next to it , assad would have finished off his opposition swiftly as well instead of just hanging on for years . 
  would that have been better ? 
  morally speaking , probably not . 
  however , it would have been more stable than what `` we '' have done : add to the instability without a long-term plan for how we 'll stabilise the areas again after the show . 
  at the end of the day it 's just incredible to hear one of the richest countries in the world that has directly contributed to this refugee crisis tell the world that it just ca n't help more , even though it 's not even taking in a lot of displaced people . 
  all the while millions ( ! ), 
  of refugees drain the limited resources of their poor neighbours , potentially destabilising them further and causing even more upheaval . 
  it 's definitely short-sighted and imnsho despicable . 
   other european countries wo n't be helped by denmark taking in more `` refugees '' there is n't a fixed sum of people that need to be distributed . 
  the number of people potentially coming to europe is for all practical purposes infinite no , the conditions that need to met to count as a refugee are very narrow . 
  anyway , what is even more delicious : the danish government willingly participated in the military interventions in iraq as well as libya . 
  of course , these are the two regions from where the overwhelming majority of refugees heading for europe are coming from at the moment . 
  so , thanks danish government , for allowing sweden , norway , germany , luxembourg , switzerland , austria , ... , you know , many countries that did n't feel the need to bomb shit without thinking it through , to take in many more of the people you helped displace . 
  they 'll remember that , surely . 
  italians !, 
  zis time , ve 'll do it * wiz * ze juz !, 
  well , technically the previous currency is pegged to the euro at a fixed exchange rate .
