  that does n't mean europe is able to intercept or deter hundreds of thousands or even millions trying to do the same over a comparable sea area with a much bigger motivation -- there [ is no war in australia 's vicinity ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/global_peace_index#/media/file:global_peace_index.svg ) and there is also [ far less poverty ] ( http://www.indexmundi.com/map/?v=69 ) . 
  tl ; dr this post by a brand-new account deserves the scorn it has drawn onto itself, 
  oh , wow , that 's way more centralised than what i would want for europe , too . 
   a full fledged federation what 's that ? 
  only elsewhere . 
  parliament does n't vote by national lines , as it should be . 
  no , this is actually correct . 
  i did some background research myself . 
  the australian government only releases the number of people reaching australian waters ( believe me , i really tried finding the total number , no luck ) , but they never explicitly rub that fact in your face . 
  so , i do n't know what to link you to specifically , because there is no definitive source for this information . 
  the spin is thorough , at least . 
   this did not stop refugees from attempting to come to our shores . 
  the numbers of people who reached australian soil went down because the australian navy now intercepts all of the boats and sends the refugees to a prison island . 
  thank you for this clarification . 
  so the plot is nothing but spin and simply shows that the number of boats entering australian waters has decreased -- which is not surprising , because the government is intercepting boats and detaining the people on islands . 
  i have n't actually watched this , but i did follow the discussions at the brookings institute . 
  i find it a bit hard to believe that the institutions would object to greece implementing reforms that would go into the right direction . 
  after all , the greek government already stopped decisions by the previous administrations and that 's definitely even less popular with the institutions . 
  anyway , at the bi there was [ a q&a at the end ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywrwyk4-qxo&amp;t=166m40s ) . 
  for example , here a greek citizen is asking where the action has been since january , another academic is wondering how they 'll beat 18:1 odds in the ez , another one is wondering where the specifics are . 
  personally , varoufakis ' answers do n't really satisfy me and the people asking them really were n't buffoons . 
  i 'm really sympathetic to greece here but i just ca n't buy the `` international media are all getting it wrong '' - story . 
  i posted an article from s\u00fcddeutsche zeitung in another comment and they are really a left-leaning newspaper . 
  if they become critical , then something 's probably wrong . 
  in another comment i linked to a news article . 
  it names a few `` questionable '' decisions , for example , the independent anti-corruption agency created under samaras was incorporated into the ministry of finance . 
  if that is correct , i do n't see how this can be a good decision . 
  having said that , can you point me to some news articles about these crackdowns ? 
  i 'd be really happy to read about tax evaders getting what they deserve . 
  to be honest , that 's my perception as well . 
  i was hoping for someone to change my mind . 
  translation :  the reformers in brussels , frankfurt and new york had expected syriza to take back some austerity measures , which would be compensated through consequent action against corruption and nepotism . 
  `` that was a bitter disappointment , '' says the insider . 
  the article goes on to list a few more failures of the government , pretty big ones in my view . 
  can someone , perhaps someone from greece if possible , tell me a bit about what the current government has done internally in terms of reforms ? 
  like , cracking down in corruption and tax evasion , what progress has been achieved ? 
  this may be another unpopular opinion ( or maybe not , i do n't really care ) , but considering the nasty ethnic nationalism of europe 's past , `` use '' - style civic nationalism would be a big step ahead . 
  without offering my own opinion of the issue , i would like to point you towards [ this paper ] ( http://jme.bmj.com/content/early/2012/03/01/medethics-2011-100411.full ) about `` after-birth abortion , '' which was received with much controversy a couple of years ago . 
  germany does this , not necessarily everyone . 
  look here : http://goo.gl/maps/nxcfw, 
  poland , more or less across the border . 
  i think the realisation that the language barrier is often falsely interpreted as an automatic cultural barrier is a very important one . 
  sure , the farther you move across the continent , the more differences there 'll be . 
  but the difference between dover and calais in the daily life is smaller than between calais and marseille . 
  it is amusing , in a morbid way , to watch people who have been arguing for a no-questions-asked rejection of migrant boats ( and sometimes worse ... much worse ) now bend over backwards to feel so compassionate for those 12 victims . 
  i can only imagine the outpour of support we would have seen if the whole boat had sunk . 
  anyway , i 'm okay with your work , / u/europemods . 
  that 's all i really wanted to say . 
  i could n't possibly explain anti-competitive behaviour and how monopolies destroy the free market better than all the resources of the web . 
  not in the same sense as turkey is . 
  if i arbitrarily decided that , i do n't know , everything west of the garonne was a different continent called iberia but still had around 8 million of france 's inhabitants , then it 'd be similar to turkey 's situation . 
  if anything it 's norway , finland , germany , sweden and turkey before * all of the aforementioned * !, 
  ^ ( inb4 it 's not in europe !, 
  ! 11 it 's a trans-continental country , deal with it already ), 
  better , 
  are you not forgetting someone ? 
  very interesting . 
  a quick online search suggest that this is indeed perfectly legal , at least between commercial entities . 
  although i would definitely contact a few actual lawyers before embarking on such an endeavour . 
  really sounds like a good way out for idealists-almost-turned-cynics like us . 
  okay , so , whether some people say it 's extortion or not is irrelevant . 
  what do the courts say ? 
  has anyone ever done something like this before ? 
  the excellent product is what made google the # 1 search engine and no one suggests punishing them over that . 
  allegedly using that position to promote other products of theirs over competing 3rd party products is a different issue . 
  ca n't say i disagree . 
  that 's not strictly lobbying but campaign finance . 
  it 's unwise to conflate the two issues . 
  does the bbc have a market share of 90 % ? 
  i do n't understand , how would the bill them for advertising a negative aspect of their business ? 
  can you expand a bit , please ? 
  over 95 % of syrian refugees * are * in turkey , lebanon , jordan , iraq , egypt . 
  the biggest contingent not in a neighbouring country is in germany , a whopping 40000 people , i.e. 
  of all syrian refugees ( [ more ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/refugees_of_the_syrian_civil_war ) ) . 
  woe is us , we are truly drowning in refugees . 
  not quite . 
  lobbying is simply trying to get elected officials to keep someone 's interests in mind . 
  there are lobbyists for big business , but there are also lobbyists for net neutrality or other common issues . 
  when we call or mail our representatives , that 's lobbying , too . 
  once an official gets personal benefits in exchange for him or her furthering the benefactor 's agenda , then we 're getting into corruption territory . 
  i though i had addressed that with the all-encompassing `` protect '' in the 2nd sentence . 
  that 's too insider for me to understand . 
  i do n't think that 's correct . 
  if you want to really be super-utilitarian , a soldier that produces nothing and does n't even protect others who do is just a leech . 
  in his place , someone could be paid to create something . 
  he 's a drain on resources . 
  yes , he needs to be kept alive and that creates demand in the economy . 
  but so would anyone else who creates something . 
  really , you could just take the soldier 's wage and so on and just give it to the baker and butcher down the street . 
  nothing of value would be lost . 
  with breaking windows i was referring to the broken window fallacy . 
  i think suggesting that soldiers are useful to the economy when they are n't even protecting it from a real threat is dangerously close to that fallacy . 
  it 's not quite as wasteful as breaking windows , but almost . 
  soldiers do n't create wealth and technology can advance with civilian research , too , although at least it 's some kind of advance , even if militarily motivated . 
  still , soldiers do n't fix potholes or do anything else to raise a standard of living . 
  the united kingdom of gibraltar and scotland ^ ( and its territories england , wales and northern ireland ), 
  more claims without even the slightest hint of an authoritative source . 
  even a short look into the wikipedia article on human trafficking shows that there 's plenty of human trafficking in areas with negligible muslim populations . 
  are you suggesting human trafficking is a muslim invention ? 
  no , it 's fine .
