  it 's really kind of amusing . 
  reminds me of : capt. 
  vasili borodin : ( ... ) and i will have a pickup truck ... maybe even a `` recreational vehicle . '', 
  and drive from state to state . 
  do they let you do that ? 
  captain ramius : i suppose . 
  vasili borodin : no papers ? 
  captain ramius : no papers , state to state . 
  gauck has also waited with signatures for bills , e , g. 
  he 's also better at saying what koehler tried to say , i.e. 
  germany needs to get more involved abroad . 
  except koehler was n't delicate enough to use a moral angle and tried to use cold hard economics . 
  i 'm not / u/3dom , but i think what he or she meant to say was that many do n't speak foreign languages and thus ca n't get an outside view through foreign media . 
  excuse me for asking such a question , but how come you think like that and , apparently , so many other russians do n't ? 
  1 million rounds for the g3 according to http://augengeradeaus.net/2014/08/waffen-fuer-kurdistan-die-liste/, 
  did you also have to save yourself from the beneficiaries of the corrupt status-quo ? 
  we have strategic gas reserves , we could substitute russian gas , to a point , with other sources of gas and even other energy source ( e.g. 
  electric heating with coal ) , and we could even use blankets and coats . 
  we 'll get by if it really comes to that . 
  the russian budget , on the other hand , will not . 
   ok , so we said you have one week to reverse all this , but since you are now even using planes to bomb ukrainian ships ... you probably will need more time to get a hold of a all this . 
  well , here 's another week . 
  but we 're serious ( ly concerned , for real now , ) this time !, 
  paraphrased , of course . 
  uh , what ? 
  http://yougov.co.uk/news/2014/06/17/eu-referendum-record-lead/ and the pro-eu side has barely started to get going . 
  that would be very appropriate . 
  yeah , i thought india and the west were improving their relations . 
  apparently not enough yet . 
  the biggest country in the world is not cornered outside of its regime 's imagination . 
  russia could be a great country if its leaders would just work on improving it instead of being pubescent wannabe-imperialists . 
  yes , which is why this poll is pointless . 
  if it had been a set of policy questions it could have been useful , but not this way . 
  without trying to bad-mouth anyone 's charitable streak , there is something to consider here . 
  generally , when english speaking countries cluster within a poll or index , the first thing one should do is check whether the methodology is biased towards this outcome . 
  that the creator of the index happens to be based in britain is n't helping ; if they phrase their polls such that it is more compatible with the way charity operates in britain/english speaking countries , then it 's expected for them to come out on top . 
  it 's the same with university rankings ; france and germany often get worse results , especially because their universities focus more on teaching and split the research into separate but associated institutes that lead to the false impression that the universities are n't doing good or much research . 
  if you compare the index with the per capita government development aid or in relation to government development aid per gross national income ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_governments_by_development_aid ) , then you 'll see that there is a discrepancy that must be explained somehow . 
  sure , it 's not measuring the same as the giving index , but it is something similar . 
  i could imagine that other countries might be more used to doing charitable work through higher taxes and government institutions which would not show up in the wgi . 
  similarly , i personally am a paying member of the local malteser chapter and if you asked me whether i donated money to an organisation last month out of the blue i would probably not remember my monthly contribution ; but i 'm still paying it . 
  depending on how the charity traditions are in different countries , this might skew results . 
  and if you excuse my snappishness for a second , bismarck is chuckling at your nhs . 
  uhhh ... what ? 
  ukrainians are literally asking for our help and we 'd have every right to help them ( collective self defence as sanctioned in the un charter ) . 
  but politically it 's not quite so straightforward . 
  the sanctions russia has imposed un us are harder on them than the ones * we * have imposed on them . 
  your name calling has no bearing on my level of education on these matters . 
  someone who read the primary source ? 
  your kind is n't welcome here . 
  orly ? 
  i 'm sure it 'll be over until christmas . 
  were n't foreign escapades usually a fool-proof way to increase domestic popularity ? 
  some damn must be given because ( eastern ) ukraine is worthless to russia if it 's a ruin . 
  the unsc could try to forward the decision to the ga with a simple majority , no vetos . 
  the ga vote would not be binding , but would allow a coalition of the willing to act . 
  hungary was bordering the west . 
  romania , where i was born , is already another story . 
  the further east you go , the worse it becomes . 
  the average person would n't know who is asking the question . 
  i understand it is hard to believe for westerners , but these societies are * very * repressed . 
  i have trouble understanding it myself , and i was only born shortly before the iron curtain fell . 
  as they teach in debating school , do n't try to turn the pope protestant . 
  russia can not commit its entire army to poland . 
  it would leave everything else open to attack . 
  you will certainly be able to hold out until reinforcements from us arrive . 
  we tried integrating russia . 
  the west even offered nato membership at some point . 
  but no , the russian regime considers russia to be its own pole in a multipolar world and will not integrate into anything that it does n't control . 
  - this is the pollster calling . 
  say , what do you think of your master ? 
  - well , obviously he 's great !, 
  * please do n't hurt me * - great , thanks !, 
  people in the former east learned to tell the man what he wants to hear . 
  all these polls mean very little . 
  except international observers claimed that in the case of ukraine . 
  yes , certainly , elections in ukraine were always free of fraud , right . 
  they did n't cause russian-controlled oligarchy . 
  preaching to the choir , mate . 
  in my eyes , powerful propaganda is emitted from russia that is painting the west and ukraine as the aggressors . 
  a un resolution would destroy any legitimacy of this 5th column , allowing much stronger support for ukraine . 
  so , going from [ these former reactions ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_reactions_to_the_2014_crimean_crisis ) , there might be a tiny chance to get the un against russia here , allowing all sorts of open support for ukraine . 
  so , question . 
  the un charter says , a country involved in a dispute must abstain from voting on that dispute in the unsc . 
  clearly , russia does n't admit it 's in ukraine and thus will veto any resolution . 
  also , if someone were to initiate a vote in the sc to declare that ukraine and russia are at war and thus russia shall abstain , russia would veto it . 
  so , my question to the resident armchair legal experts ( actual experts welcome , too ) : could a vote in the general assembly , where there is no veto , determine that ukraine and russia are at war and thus `` suspend '' both parties from the sc ? 
  no shit , countries encircled by nato are safe from threats . 
  hardly surprising . 
  no , we do not . 
  many nato countries did n't follow america into iraq -- it was n't a nato operation just because many ( not all ! ), 
  participants were nato countries . 
  the un wo n't do shit because russia has a veto . 
  but no , i 'm not asking for war . 
  europe has not exhausted the measures that come before direct military confrontation . 
  ukraine did n't choose that independently . 
  continuously russian-backed politicians did that until the ukrainian people finally managed to shake them off . 
  now the russian regime is trying to retake what it has lost through force . 
  there is still much more we can do before actually going to war with russia over ukraine . 
  it 's unfortunate that you seem to be too comfortable even for that .
