  is every lost vote now literally putin ? 
  if you think presenting something that looks like a syrian id and being given asylum immediately is how it works , you have no idea how asylum applications work . 
  it does n't take months to look at a passport . 
  no , because the first instance acceptance rates for syrian refugees before august were already at 98 % across the whole eu . 
  i have posted this before , you can find the source in my comment history . 
  servlust 's comment makes no sense and your response continues to not make sense because it ca n't apply to any place that does n't have pre-existing recruiters . 
  our government , we 're from the same country . 
  thinking of which , i need to get my passport renewed so i can vote at the next election . 
  it 's absolutely preposterous to claim that , for example , slovakia has capacities [ solely for a couple of hundred christians ] ( http://www.thedaily.sk/pm-fico-slovakia-will-accept-100-refugees-from-eus-40000/ ) . 
  lebanon has a similar population , half the economy , and hosts a factor of 10,000 more refugees . 
  it 's really no surprise that this was n't taken seriously . 
  neither disproves my point . 
  it just goes to show that whether or not integration works depends on many different things , whereas your initial post as well as many others claim that religion is a sure way to determine the outcome . 
  it is not . 
  people deserve to be treated as individuals , including muslims . 
  germany has n't invited anyone and what some people seem to spin as some kind of invitation happened on the 25th of august . 
  it 's not like everything had been a-ok on the 24th . 
  the german announcement to not deport syrians back to the external border states , despite germany having that right under the dublin rules , has not significantly altered the situation , no matter what some spin doctors try to claim . 
  it was * a reaction * to an already terrible situation , not its cause . 
  we can reminisce about what was before that a lot , but at the end of the day no serious attempt to deal with the situation was made by the eu 's member states . 
  * especially * not from the opposing governments that now complain . 
  i do give credit to the british government that seemed to have made serious contributions to syria 's neighbours before that , although that 's just from memory without looking up the actual numbers . 
  then again britain has an opt-out from all this , so it 's expected that it does its own thing . 
  the proposal includes more than just quotas . 
  the rest is largely in sync with ee wishes . 
  i wrote a bit more about that it in another recent post that you can find through my comment history . 
  these governments wanted to strengthen the external border , which will happen now , they wanted to establish processing centres to immediately weed out regular migrants from the genuine refugees in greece and italy , which will happen now , they wanted to support syria 's neighbours so they can deal with the refugees there , which is also going to be happening now more than before . 
  the remaining question was what to do with those that reach europe and are genuine refugees . 
  these governments offered no solution for that except `` why do n't those who took them so far continue to take them and we do nothing ? '', 
  and were subsequently ** outvoted ** , which is n't what `` dictators '' usually do . 
  the problem is that only some countries fail at integrating some foreigners and then do n't ask themselves `` what did we do wrong '' but immediately jump to the conclusion that it must be the foreigner 's fault . 
  obviously that does n't explain why only some countries have problems , but intellectually lazy people are n't fazed by that inconsistency . 
   i think part of the problem is that the `` constructive criticism '' that has been suggested over the last few months has fallen on deaf ears . 
  except it has n't . 
  pretty much all wishes from eastern europe were included in the current proposal , including strengthening the external borders , creating processing centres at those borders to weed real refugees from regular migrants , and helping syria 's neighbours to cope with the refugees there . 
  it was those ee governments who did n't budge on the remaining question of what to do with the people that do reach europe and are genuine refugees . 
  this would have been a workable negotiation position and i 'm sure the rest of the eu would have agreed to give eastern europe preferential selection of their respective refugees to make it easier for them ( since we all know that it 's a new situation and that their authorities need to gather experience ) . 
  unfortunately you , random redditor , are better at this stuff than your government . 
  they decided to go for a hard no and then got outvoted . 
  read the article . 
  there is no one in eastern europe to even try recruiting refugees . 
  the article is not applicable to the submission . 
  personally i think that silently editing articles after they 've been released is far worse for journalistic integrity than writing sentences whose style does n't satisfy everyone 's taste . 
  the sentence , which seems to have since disappeared from the article , was just an introduction . 
  the stats to back it up exist . 
  so , long story short , so far no one has answered my original question and provided some demonstrably false information from the article . 
  let 's get real , the bbc is one of the world 's most reputable journalistic institutions and some people dislike it when their position is shown in a less-than-favourable light , that 's all . 
  no , of course not , do n't be ridiculous . 
  there will be fines . 
  funny , if you take the etymological origin of the word it would really be an accurate description of my person . 
  anyway , any government is free to challenge the decision in court . 
  i would n't hold my breath , though . 
  okay , thank you for your time . 
  can you name these guns specifically or not ? 
  so far this sounds like the usual politician-speak who wants to shift responsibility . 
  yes , that i can find in wikipedia myself . 
  i was asking about the blackmail . 
  who pointed a gun to his head and what was the gun ? 
  yes , asylum policy is in the treaties and has become a majority decision policy since the latest treaty . 
  the eu can not grab more powers for itself by itself . 
  take it up with the respective national decision making systems , not the eu . 
  how is that a sweeping statement ? 
  `` many '' is as indefinite a plural as possible . 
  furthermore , are you denying that many people in `` central europe '' , especially in the v4 , do believe exactly what that sentence claims ? 
  some redditors from these places in this sub have been swearing up and down that a crass majority believes so , and have presented polling data to support that notion . 
  i remember the debate very clearly but no blackmail or bullying . 
  surely you can point me to whatever you are referring to ? 
  what 's false ? 
  welcome to the eu , where member states sign up to things and then complain about what they signed up to !, 
  now i feel bad ... in my defence , i 'm pretty stingy with votes , so reilly616 is a very crass outlier and in the larger context of my voting habits you 're actually doing pretty ok . 
  i just do n't think the burden should be on the mods . 
  they can hardly keep tabs on who was warned when by whom about what with their limited time and manpower . 
  * perma * ban might be too much , but only with consequences will people not try to get more attention over here when they do n't find it there . 
  i 'm indeed using a self-built version directly from the repository . 
  for some reason they have n't pushed out anything new in over 9 months although the new version is much better imho \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
   not only were they placed in banlieues it 's good that you used the passive form to show that they themselves did n't make that choice . 
  the conclusion is for the people that do make the choice to * not * place them in banlieues , which all successful immigrant countries do . 
  no single group has a majority . 
  but syrians are the plurality by far , unless you combine all european applicants . 
  we already do that . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.zeit.de/gesellschaft/zeitgeschehen/2015-06/asylverfahren-jesidische-familie-herkunft-sprachpruefung/seite-2 ) 's an example about some kurds from syria who only speak a language that is common within former soviet states and thus were at first not recognised as syrian . 
  the idea that someone can just get himself fake papers and then be accepted as whatever the papers say , willy-nilly , is completely wrong . 
  causally questionable . 
  the peripheral states were unable to cope with the numbers first and only then did the german gov make an announcement . 
  even that happened way too late , only after greece had already exceeded its abilities and hungary 's authorities were beginning to feel overwhelmed . 
  the entire system was not designed for this situation . 
  there 's no point in trying to assign blame to a single party ( except maybe assad but that 's for another thread ) . 
  only when we acknowledge our * common * responsibility for our shared open-border space can we find a mutually agreeable , lasting solution . 
  causally questionable . 
  the peripheral states were unable to cope with the numbers first and only then did the german gov make an announcement . 
  even that happened way too late , only after greece had already exceeded its abilities and hungary 's authorities were beginning to feel overwhelmed . 
  the entire system was not designed for this situation . 
  there 's no point in trying to assign blame to a single party ( except maybe assad but that 's for another thread ) . 
  only when we acknowledge our * common * responsibility for our shared open-border space can we find a mutually agreeable , lasting solution . 
  the hungarian state has the power monopoly . 
  under the current system , the hungarian authorities have not only every authority to stop and register them but also the legal obligation . 
  other governments including the german one have offered to help out with that . 
  orban 's government , however , did not accept any help , despite being overwhelmed to the point where even feeding the refugees in an orderly fashion is not feasible . 
  his administration 's decisions are aggravating the situation !, 
  i agree that the fundamental problem of our current asylum regime is that the peripheral states are formally left alone with those that show up at their border and i really hope tomorrow 's meeting will bring us closer to a lasting solution .
