  okay , let 's say we synthesize fuels with renewables ' electricity ... then we need 20pwh/3pwh * 32 % = 213 % of all agricultural area to supply all our current energy that way . 
  that 's kind of a problem , considering that over half of europe 's area is agriculturally used . 
  that 's the whole point : our renewables ' power density is n't enough to power us , we have to supplement it with something denser that wo n't have us cover entire continents with wind mills . 
  solar closer to the equator might be an option . 
  if you like being dependent on that area , that is ... but the whole reason we have this discussion is because op wanted to discuss being more independent . 
  go to page 32 of your precious report . 
  there it says : 12.5 % of europe are covered by protected areas . 
  the remaining area has a total potential of 39000 twh . 
  not my numbers , theirs . 
  but the eu * currently * ( not in 2030 , now ) already uses 20500 twh of energy every year ( ~ 3000 twh of which are electricity ) , i.e. 
  half of the remaining 87.5 % would be needed to supply that total amount . 
  there is no way to weasel out of this fact !, 
  i wish there was , but there is n't . 
  and then , if you scroll two pages ahead , it gives a potential for offshore wind around 3000 twh , even way * under * the 5100 twh projected * electricity * demand for europe in 2030 . 
  this is the problem with * all * of these reports . 
  all of them , seriously . 
  especially the ones used to plan the energiewende . 
  they always focus disproprtionally on electricity and then tell us we can get enough electricity from renewables . 
  that 's very well possible . 
  but we also need to replace * everything else * . 
  3 to 7 times our projected demand = we have to cover 1/7 to 1/3 of europe 's attractive areas to cover our needs . 
  of course there is opportunity cost . 
  they do n't grow on trees . 
  even if they did , you have to outfit the grid to distribute and/or store the power , too . 
  you do n't seem to be reading what i write . 
  even with 100 % storage efficiency we 'd have to cover entire countries with renewable energy sources to power us . 
  but storage systems are physically constrained , meaning we 'll have to cover even bigger areas of our land to meet our demand . 
  it 's a losing game , and all you need to see that is simple arithmetic . 
  lastly , how does nuclear differ . 
  the numbers we were playing with were for total energy production . 
  renewables do n't even have the * potential * to realistically meet our needs in the near future , as i have tried to sketch . 
  in the long run , we will need a combination of renewables and nuclear power to do so . 
  it is time that society acknowledges the second half of the solution as long as there is still time to prevent the worst of the environmental consequences of fossil fuels . 
  total growth of renewables from 2011 to 2012 in germany was 3.3 gw - at that speed we need over 130 years to finish the energy turnaround and become carbon neutral . 
  one new nuclear reactor per year takes off 30 years from that , 2 ones take 50 years from that . 
  and that would still be too slow . 
  we simply do n't have the luxury to take any carbon neutral energy source off the table . 
  each pie is complete , but only the pies for the biggest trading partners are shown . 
  europe imports 1/2 of its energy , 1/3 of which is from russia . 
  you are preaching to the choir . 
  perhaps france can also reconsider to whom it sells weapons ;-), 
  for a while . 
  at least in munich 's surroundings , we are pumping up heat that will not be replenished . 
  the ground will cool until it becomes too cold . 
  average heat power through the earth 's crust is under 0.1 w/m ^ 2 :-( funny side story : some geothermal techniques have to fracture the rock like when fracking to gather shale gas . 
  better not let anyone know . 
  the word realistic is not emotional . 
  the numbers simply do n't add up . 
  i said the same thing as your pdf ? 
  `` economical potential 3-7x '' for 2020-2030 . 
  compare that to my number , 4-8 . 
  even then , they say that social and environmental concerns could limit that number even further . 
  the point stands : we `` d have to cover areas the size of more than just one country with wind farms to power europe . 
  if you put them on roofs , you lose efficiency compared to special plants in the southernmost regions . 
  they can produce 15 w/m , rooftop installation in more northern regions are closer to 5 w/m , effectively tripling the area to up to 15 % . 
  germany is rather densely populated and has only constructed on 7 % of its land . 
  even then , you need a long term storage or alternative energy system to compensate seasonal variations and day-night cycle ... which we do n't have . 
  finally , countries who did invest in renewables now experience fuck all . 
  electricity is only a sixth of our energy usage , and even there the demand being met is an exception , requiring costly backup capacity for all the rest of the time . 
  ~ 90 % of european energy demand is stilled by burning something we dug out of the ground , or having someone else do that before shipping the resulting products to us . 
  this will stay like that for the foreseeable future . 
  you can continue blaming past subsidies or shady lobbies or whatever , but the global temperatures will continue to rise and so will the numbers on russia 's bank statements if we continue buying so much fuel from them . 
  [ obligatory david mackay link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5bvbfwuq-q ) . 
  eur11bn are pretty much usd15bn ... the sum the russians offered them to turn back from the eu association agreement . 
  we perhaps could have avoided this mess if we had simply opened our wallets a little earlier . 
  maybe if someone in europe would act , for a change , and not just react , we could have contained the euro crisis and now this , too . 
  this debate needs to be quantitative , not qualitative . 
  there is no realistic chance that renewables will cover europe 's energy for the foreseeable future . 
  enough wind power to power the eu would require 12-25 % of its total area . 
  even sophisticated solar plants in the south would require at least 5 % of the eu 's territory . 
  investments in storage and grid not included . 
  this is simply not going to happen , probably never . 
  there will always be a demand for some power sources with high power density , not intermittent , close to the consumers . 
  for the time being , the realistic choices are : do we burn gas , oil , coal or nuclear fuels ? 
  the latter having the advantage of having an energy density 2000000x that of the first three ( i.e. 
  comparably small amounts really needs to be bought and transported around ) and found in several countries around the world , many of which are developed , democratic and friendly . 
  i think you do n't realise just how much better off the countries you named are in comparison to ukraine , in part because of the eu , despite all its problems . 
   except your gay marriage it seems people who have a problem with it spend waaaaaay more time thinking about it than those who are ok with it . 
  unlikely . 
  she will from now on be the fig leaf rt points to when they are called out as the propaganda outlet that they are . 
  i demand the world re-assigns the no-humour-stereotype . 
  not exactly recent . 
  really ? 
  did the gchq reading my mail give the uk a head start to prevent the incursion into crimea ? 
  sure , i just wanted to describe some measures closer to funnelling weapons to ukrainians . 
  europe gets 10 % of its energy from russia . 
  we could stop buying that as a first . 
  we could try to get a measure through the un ga. . we could even , say , severely delay all traffic going in and out of kaliningrad through eu territory until russia retreats . 
  it 's not like we have to go all out leeroy jenkins on this one . 
  - hallo , mr president ? 
  so , i talked to vlad ... - ca n't hear you , sorry . 
  - nope , not listening , lalalala . 
  ^ ... fucking ^ germans , ^ how ^ you ^ like ^ dem ^ privacy ^ now ? 
  eh , melody was [ the same ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p2tbg5p2jfk ) anyway . 
  man , this is so inspiring . 
  i have the urge to go out and fix some potholes for the glory of our people 's republic or something . 
  yes , great , thanks . 
  oh , i thought you meant an actual twitter list that i can just follow . 
  either way , thanks :-), 
   i 'll make a list of the ones to follow if people want that .
