  in the end , it 's just attitude . 
  does that make it clearer why i think that was the most important point ? 
  we can combat this a ) by limiting the federation 's power to actually federal issues like foreign or economic policy ( all the stuff that needs have certain level of coherence to actually make sense ) and b ) through a system of proportional representation like the ones in place in most european countries . 
  another albeit superficial parallel : the republic of india was actually called indian union ( among other names ) from '47 to ' 50 . 
  also , a more important point , the indians speak a lot of different languages , in fact they have 29 with [ more than 1 million speakers ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_indian_languages_by_total_speakers#more_than_one_million_speakers ) . 
  so imho the most important thing to take from the article is :  but , despite all the tensions , the idea of nationhood is stronger than ever , especially among the middle class . 
  a united india is a cherished ideal of almost every indian . 
   the moral of the indian story for the european union is that what holds a nation together is not the virtues of its people , but very simply time and habit . 
  as most indians would testify from the lives of their parents , an arranged marriage grows stronger in time , especially when divorce is unthinkable . 
  it 's just as misleading with regard to greece . 
  when people post such misleading or outright false claims i think it 's not only ok but necessary to downvote . 
  a comment with an explanation for the downvote should be included , too . 
  that 's the flag of europe . 
  the subreddit is about all things european . 
  at leaast that 's my understanding . 
  right now this means it 's a lot about the euro , but that 'll go by . 
  how about i blow your mind ? 
  last week a delegation from the bavarian ministry of agriculture visited romania to make some trade arrangements between bavaria and romania . 
  when romania 's accession to schengen was discussed , germany cast one vote though . 
  and there is only a german embassy in bucharest , no bavarian one . 
  crazy , i know . 
  oh , and , you can keep your condescension to yourself . 
  i agree , but i want to emphasize that it 's not just one side that 's guilty of doing this . 
  though one side may just be in the majority here . 
   if your government has no say in how your country is run , then why do you have a government ? 
  what is there to show that you 're a unified state ? 
  subsidiarity !, 
  competences are assigned to different levels of government according to their suitability to handle the issues . 
  no one says we need to communalise health care over the entire union ; that can be handled with reciprocity agreements . 
  the german states , for example , regularly sign so called state contracts to deal with certain issues without the federal government . 
  foreign policy , however , could be communalised . 
  what are 27 european embassies doing in burundi ? 
   i 'm just using it as an easy example i think the words you are looking for are straw man . 
   so then europe would n't just be one big country . 
  the federal government has no say in police or education in germany . 
  is it not a country ? 
  thanks for the ping in the other thread . 
   nhs why are you bringing up health care ? 
  it 's about foreign and economic policy . 
   if europe suddenly becomes one big state , that problem comes here . 
  the only way to get around it would be to let countries make their own decisions . 
  but then we 'd still have separate countries , and would n't have the european superstate so many here seem to desperately crave . 
  subsidiarity : solve the problems at the appropriate level . 
  foreign and economic policy could be handled better at the european level . 
  fair point . 
  nevertheless , that your government may have lied to you does n't change the overall plan for this union . 
  it was literally on the first page : http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/emu_history/documents/treaties/rometreaty2.pdf ( if you do n't count the title page . ), 
  could you please elaborate on how we will go from communalising certain areas of policy to inheriting all of america 's problems ? 
  and what problems are we talking about , exactly ? 
  again , that did n't happen . 
  there is no evidence whatsoever of foreign bureaucrats , politicians , or anyone else pushing anyone out of or into office . 
  berlusconi had already lived through 50 or so votes on no confidence and finally one of his coalition partners had enough . 
  papandreou had lost enough votes of his coalition that he needed the opposition 's support and they were not willing to give it to * him * . 
  the national political castes decided they needed new leaders to cope with the crisis and decided to go for people with intimate knowledge of european institutions -- smart move , if i may add . 
   but in europe there 's this precedent that 's started when the eu assigned the leaders of greece and italy themselves , rather than letting the people democratically elect them . 
  never happened . 
   unelected bureaucrats are appointing leaders in member states this did not happen , no matter how often it 's repeated . 
  both in italy and greece the process of replacing berlusconi and papandreou was constitutional . 
  the president instructed a new prime minister to form a government and parliament confirmed it . 
  well , you keep repeating that but it does n't make it true . 
  from 1957 on it was clear and written into the treaties that it 's not going to stay a free trade area . 
  perhaps de gaulle was ahead of his time . 
   # 100 billion the entire eu budget is $ 120bn ( # 103bn ) and the uk pays all of it ? 
  i was born in romania but grew up in germany . 
  additionally , i spend my days in a research institute , so i 'm used to hearing every language -- at least european ones -- on the hallway . 
  my conclusion is , we 're all * very * similar , except the mediterraneans have figured out cooking a little better than the rest of us . 
  although sometimes a `` deftig '' * northern meal is nothing to be sneezed at . 
  \\* i 'm not sure how to translate that . 
  would n't it be crazy if i were the romanian prime minister ? 
  the twist at the end of the story , everyone on [ / r/europe ] ( / r/europe ) is actually an important statesman . 
  directed by m. night shyamalan, 
  the scenario of you not knowing that `` habar n-am '' means `` i have no idea ! '', 
  in romanian , how realistic do you think it is ? 
  earlier you complained about a lack of debate . 
  do n't listen to this guy , he has no idea . 
   this for starters that the eu courts do not strike this down under free market competition law is disgraceful . 
  similarly for electricity and power and other utilities . 
  there is far too much protectionism within the eu given it is supposed to be a free-market . 
  hm , i was n't able to find a court case about that . 
  are you sure someone brought it before the ecj ? 
  about electricity , i 've seen a great increase in competition in germany over the last years . 
  i do n't doubt that some areas try to remain protective but at the same time i 'm sure luxembourg 's long arm will catch up to them eventually . 
   the semi-annual migration from brussells to strasbourg - the mind boggles at the waste here . 
  yes , no disagreement from me there . 
   the way in which the eu constitution referenda were side-stepped by the treaty of lisbon - with france , the netherlands and ireland all voicing not insignificant disapproval you 'd have thought something would have happened . 
  something did happen , it was rewritten to no longer be so invasive as to require referenda in most countries . 
  i do n't think this will happen again as even in germany courts and politicians have made clear that substantial changes will now require a referendum . 
  i 'm looking forward to that because it should lead to a new , clean , treaty . 
   the stability and growth pact - it was a joke at best and broken by france and germany . 
   the cap is a massive bugbear , but right now i dont have my usual sources to hand ( i 'm at work ) . 
  i appreciate i have mentioned the above serveral times recently but off the top of my head they are what spring to mind . 
  i do n't know that much about the cap , only that it 's share of the budget is declining . 
  about the pact , yes , you are right . 
  maybe that would have played out differently if the uk had been part of the eurozone and been more thorough than france or germany in abiding by the rules . 
  either way , the pact was toothless because politicians did n't have the political will to implement an actually powerful mechanism . 
  today it does n't look like this will happen again . 
   pro-european press this is probably the first time i have to completely disagree with you . 
  from this side of the channel there is little pro-european press in the uk at all . 
  this statement is akin to the whining of american conservatives about the alleged liberal bias of all the media . 
  there just is n't any .
