  at least veil your racism thinly by criticising other properties like `` culture '' or `` religion '' but otherwise saying the same things as racists . 
  or , outright deny that they are refugees in the first place because they did n't wait to starve or freeze in an underfunded and overcrowded refugee camp in an overburdened neighbouring country . 
  also , do n't forget to emphasise that you are simply making the though but right decisions that , coincidentally , keep you comfortable and them suffering . 
  you 're confusing the red army with `` the left '' . 
  no : 1 ) the refugee convention does not agree with you because 2 ) not being directly shot at is not the same as safety . 
  you can still starve , freeze or succumb to illness because the neighbouring countries are overburdened with caring for the refugees . 
  they are refugees as long as they are displaced from their homes . 
  the european union , having ~ 17 % of the world 's economic power and ~ 7 % of its population , can easily accommodate 0.3 % of the world 's 60m displaced people . 
  that 's very true . 
  the acceptance rates are very dependent on the [ countries of origin applying in the respective member state ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/b/b7/five_main_citizenships_of_%28non-eu%29_asylum_applicants%2c_2014_%28number%2c_rounded_figures%29_yb15_iii.png ) . 
  for example , bulgaria with its 94 % acceptance is mostly receiving people from warzones . 
  it can hardly reject anyone . 
  hungary , on the other end , is getting many balkan citizens with little chance for asylum and has problems processing the huge numbers it is facing , further reducing the acceptance rate . 
  no , it just shows that syria 's neighbours are at the breaking point and germany has indicated it will alleviate some of their pressure . 
  you just have to tie any benefits to a residence requirement and send everyone back to that residence if caught permanently residing outside of it . 
  it works within germany , there is no reason it would n't work in the whole eu . 
  what could ordinary people do for ukraine ? 
  it was there , they were here . 
  this is different . 
  hardly better than isis : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lord's_resistance_army, 
  i explicitly pick that point up in the second paragraph of my 4 ( !, 
  ) - sentence comment and note that the article describes them as people who falsely believe they as foreigners would be treated badly if they stayed in these countries despite those countries being nice to their own citizens . 
  why post a response that ignores what i wrote ? 
  it 's pointless . 
  you 're wasting your own time and , even worse , you 're wasting my time . 
  that 's a very hypothetical problem . 
  remember we have people leaving europe to go fight with isis . 
  so , all they would need to do is stay here and be violent . 
  no refugees needed . 
  the thing is , this 'll only change through contact with those they reject now . 
  people in munich are so welcoming because foreigners are an essential and enriching part of our city . 
  people in east germany and beyond are not so welcoming because they lack those experiences and get their image from the media -- and when does the media ever report about foreigners that do n't make any fuss ? 
  basically never . 
  so the media image is terrible compared to reality . 
  it might suck a bit for the first ones who get there , but it 'll be better for everyone in the long run , both new-comers and long-established . 
  if you want to verify that someone has a degree you simply let someone else with the same but verified degree ask that first someone some questions , i.e. 
  let him or her take a test . 
  hardly a revolutionary thought . 
  safety is rather worthless if you starve , freeze or succumb to illness instead . 
  i do n't think anyone would claim that being safe and fed and warm and healthy are unreasonable wishes , even for a refugee . 
  the article has made it rather clear that they are misinformed and believe that they will only be able to realise these reasonable wishes in germany , sweden , the uk . 
  that 's not malice on their part or detracts from the veracity of them being genuine refugees . 
  hard to say . 
  jet is an old machine and they 're really pushing it . 
  i 'm reasonably optimistic they 'll be able to maintain the old record value for longer , at least . 
  so , you 're saying poles are n't really that die-hard catholics then ? 
  ok , that 's an answer i can believe . 
  why is it silly ? 
  a majority of poles identifies as catholic and i wanted to know how they would respond to their religious leaders ' appeals . 
  are you saying that only cameron can make demands ? 
  that when the others do it , they 're threatening ? 
  were you expecting cameron 's re-negotiation to be him telling the rest what he wants and them just accepting it ? 
  because that would n't be a negotiation . 
  you seem level-headed , so i have a question . 
  what do you think would be the response of polish society if the pope himself asked poland to do more ? 
  pretty great . 
  would do again if i liked a quiet , cheaper place and was n't spoiled by the thrill of living in a bigger city now . 
  edit : i know people who went back after university but it 's not for me . 
   however , very often most refugees will move to the cities where they live with someone from the same background . 
  do they , though ? 
  i 'm from a small town in bavaria with over half the population not being from germany , me included . 
  i only moved to the city because that 's where the university was . 
  you know , that 's not a problem . 
  either robots will do everything and then neither us nor refugees will even need a job or they wo n't do everything and then there 's going to be work for humans . 
  either way , we 'll have enough to put food on everyone 's table and a roof over everyone 's head . 
  the progress does n't stop there , only the fusion product ca n't easily climb any more . 
  unfortunately the performance is strongly limited by the device 's size and there has not been a bigger machine since jet/jt -60 u/tftr . 
  but there have been significant advances in understanding the underlying plasma physics which will definitely help iter . 
  fighting does n't have to be physical . 
  face it , public disturbance is n't a right . 
   i always find hilarious when someone who makes unfounded and stupid claim in like every other sentence suddenly wants a source from the other side of a discussion . 
  but here you go i did n't ask for a source . 
  and , as i expected , your source does n't tell us why someone was rejected , so it does n't even refute what i wrote . 
  good job . 
   it 's also funny when people pretend to know asylum laws and all the international treaties . 
  every country can decide its rules and can accept way more people than they have to or they can choose the strict application of the treaties . 
  also every case is judgded indivualy , so there is big space for interpretation . 
  sweden and germany are very benevolent , other countries are not . 
  sweden and germany are simply not dodging their obligations . 
  if a syrian were to apply for asylum in any eastern european country , it will be basically impossible to deny that request . 
   and refugees do n't have only rights , but also obligations . 
  and one of the main obligation of a refugee is to ask asylum in the first safe country . 
  when they come to czechia or germany , they already went through like dozen of safe countries , they are illegal immigrants . 
  no , that 's not an obligation for the refugee . 
  a refugee is a person that is displaced from their country , full stop :  ( ... ) the term `` refugee '' shall apply to any person who ( ... ) owing to well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion , is outside the country of his nationality and is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to avail himself of the protection of that country ; or who , not having a nationality and being outside the country of his former habitual residence as a result of such events , is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to return to it . 
  from the convention relating to the status of refugees . 
  the `` they have to stay in the first safe country '' is just made up . 
  of course it is , it would put way too much of a burden on the neighbouring countries of any crisis . 
  so , what you are doing amounts to claiming that jews who fled germany in 1933 and tried to go to america rather than france are illegal immigrants . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  however , european countries have agreed to a safe country rule in that they expect the first eu country to handle all refugees . 
  that 's what 's known as the dublin regulation . 
  it was n't a problem when the refugee numbers were small , but now the countries at the external border are overwhelmed . 
  all they expect is some solidarity in upholding the laws we have * all * agreed to . 
  plenty of alternatives have been studied in the beginning of nuclear fusion research , more than half a century ago . 
  the toroidal configurations have emerged as the most promising candidates and all other ones have failed for one reason or the other . 
  usually it comes down to not being able to confine the particles adequately . 
  the key performance indicator for fusion research is the fusion product , density times temperature times energy confinement time . 
  that indicator has advanced [ by a factor of over a hundred since the early days of research ] ( http://large.stanford.edu/courses/2012/ph240/ramos2/images/f2big.jpg ) . 
  the advance has been [ even faster than e.g.
