  to an extent . 
  to know why congo is the way it is today does n't require you to know which of the blobs on the map is belgium . 
  one of the establishment . 
  the eu should only look after the needs of the rich member states . 
  the wishes of other europeans who want to migrate to find a better life are not important . 
  their fault for being born there . 
  / s edit : parent comment said something like ` the eu really knows how to win hearts and minds ', 
  people get the important things right . 
  california and texas are right on almost all pictures . 
  why ? 
  because they are important . 
  whether a place is a country or not is not crucial . 
  same in the other post where americans had to name european countries . 
  they know the important ones . 
  well , more or less . 
  i guess it depends what is more important to you . 
  the past or the present . 
  if you look at the maps in the submitted link , most of them really have the important current and/or colonial powers correct . 
  not a single one got france or spain wrong , for instance . 
  they struggle with the arguably unimportant rest . 
   we 're important because we 're [ nationality ] and because the department tasked with our [ state | province ] in our foreign ministry is bigger than some european countries ' entire foreign ministry . 
  the economy of my [ state | province ] alone is bigger than many european countries ' economies . 
  the [ national guard | whatever ... ] is stronger than some european armies . 
  also , people from this place did something important at some point . 
  what i 'm getting at is that not every european country is a special snowflake worthy of the world 's attention . 
  there are some important american cities/states , just like there are some important european cities/countries/states or chinese cities/provinces or indian cities/states or whatever . 
  the reason many europeans demand proper knowledge about europe is because they a ) live here and b ) are self-absorbed . 
  there is nothing objectively more important about , say , latvia over shanghai : both have the same per-capita gdp , except shanghai has * ten * times the population . 
  sure , we europeans should know about latvia . 
  the rest of the world does n't really have to , just as much as we do n't really have to know about ... 
  i do n't know , wyoming . 
  ( no offence , dear latvians/wyomingites . ), 
  of course russia has states . 
  it 's the russian federation after all . 
  and german states are actually called `` countries '' in german . 
  why ? 
  their states are the size of our countries . 
  edit : instead of responding individually to each answer , let me summarise what i learned from them in a somewhat sarcastic way : we 're important because we 're europeans and because we have our own foreign ministries . 
  also , we may have been important a long time ago , so that has to count , too !, 
  ( you 'll find that these explanations can be adapted to work for americans , indians , russians or chinese people with fairly little effort . ), 
  well , you do n't have to let in foreign fishing fleets and can opt-out of things like judicial harmonisation , i think . 
  i really do n't see how else this can happen . 
  i mean , there are no automatisms for a country joining . 
  you need seats in the ep , in the council , you need a commissioner . 
  what will he or she do in the commission ? 
  how many seats in the ep will you get ? 
  how many votes in the council ? 
  i actually remember the same thing as / u/boilerbuttslut , even though i 'm too lazy to look for citations right now . 
  why are they so obsessed with gay people ? 
  milk makes it taste richer . 
  i think it 's the fat in the milk . 
  the difference is that lgbtq involves only consenting adults . 
  what right do you have to tell consenting adults what they can do with each other ? 
  humans are gregarious animals so sometimes there is a kind of herd mentality at play . 
  something downvoted will be downvoted even more and vice versa . 
  hiding the score for a while might slow down the herd mentality . 
  wait , do i have to up - or downvote you now ? 
  i agree except for :  i think people are voting based on each other 's nationalities , not on the content of what they say . 
  i often observe `` in-fighting '' between people from the same country and i catch myself vehemently disagreeing with some of my countrymen sometimes . 
  obviously i only see comments , but there is some correlation between votes and comments . 
  ( it actually makes me glad to see that divisions within a country are wider than between countries . ), 
  that thread is hilarious . 
  apparently portugal 's biggest problems are germans , muslims and gypsies . 
  ... thank god that bullshit is n't welcome here . 
  what about hiding the score for a while like / u/slyratchet suggested ? 
  the hidden score is definitely worth trying . 
  if it 's any consolation , plenty of german news sites have the same issue . 
  yay , something else in common ... 
  i think the issue is that large parts of the internet appear completely against the eu , which is why a forum where a more balanced viewpoint exists appears like a circle-jerk even though it really is n't one . 
  can you name one more place * like * / r/europe ? 
  edit : the deleted comment was something like `` while i do n't support ukip , places like this are why ukip exists '', 
  i 'd support such a hover notice . 
  the problem is that downvoted posts move down and can even be hidden by default . 
  that disrupts the discussion . 
  i say that as someone who finds it very refreshing to have a place on the internet where `` eu = bad '' is not a matter of course . 
  edit : i do n't care about downvotes , but i do want to point out the irony of the downvote i received for this comment . 
  i fucking love mediterranean cuisine and i 'd be sooo happy to buy more of it here . 
  the real stuff , not what is made for us . 
  but no , there 's like [ one store in all of munich ] ( http://www.mitte-meer.de/filialen ) that specialises on mediterranean imports . 
  it 's written by geert wilders . 
  what do you expect from him ? 
  meat consumption is n't very good for the environment . 
  you could argue against it on environmental grounds alone . 
  no need for morality . 
   all commissioners are also considered a representative of their respective government are they really ? 
  i thought they were expressly not supposed to follow national interests . 
  this is also seen in the way the media reports about them : as far as i can remember , the nationalities of commissioners are not given in reports . 
  i 'm not being ridiculous . 
  the book describes a totalitarian government that can do * everything * . 
  the parties , on the other hand , are doing what is in * their * power . 
  what ? 
  you think they 'd leave copies if they had the power to delete them all or render them unusable using drm ? 
  of course not . 
  it 's [ not impossible , not at all ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2009/07/18/technology/companies/18amazon.html ) . 
  it 's not just cameron 's party . 
  but yeah , i do n't see the need for sarcasm . 
  here , from the book 's fourth chapter :  this process of continuous alteration was applied not only to newspapers , but to books , periodicals , pamphlets , posters , leaflets , films , sound-tracks , cartoons , photographs -- to every kind of literature or documentation which might conceivably hold any political or ideological significance . 
  day by day and almost minute by minute the past was brought up to date . 
  in this way every prediction made by the party could be shown by documentary evidence to have been correct , nor was any item of news , or any expression of opinion , which conflicted with the needs of the moment , ever allowed to remain on record . 
  and here from the third chapter :  who controls the past controls the future : who controls the present controls the past .
