  i used switzerland and sweden more for fluff , i know that france is the only option . 
  nuclear is as compatible with wind as coal . 
  it 's a conscious choice to prefer coal over nuclear . 
  ( one that i condemn . ), 
  i agree that comparing germany to itself can be misleading . 
  that 's why i prefer comparisons to our neighbours . 
  for example , our french neighbours have little over half of germany 's per capita co2 emissions ( [ source ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/table.do?tab=table&amp;init=1&amp;language=en&amp;pcode=tsdgp410&amp;plugin=1 ) ) . 
  switzerland , too . 
  sweden , even less than half . 
  if we cared about co2 , we 'd learn from them . 
   the current policy 's cost-benefit ratio is extremely poor : germany 's co2 emissions today are the same as in 2009 . 
  thus , germany 's energy transition policy has `` saved zero tons of co2 -- for a lot of money . '' qft . 
  the eu also does n't rely on national courts . 
  the commission regularly sues member states in the ecj because of non-compliance . 
  ceta 's tribunal allows suing for discrimination , not for anything the investor might be unhappy about . 
  a person who does manage export deals might very well travel quite a lot over a long career . 
  if they were born in the mid-20th century and went to work on a farm between semesters in the 70s , then it could all be plausible . 
  alas , i 'm not their lawyer , this is n't a trial , and i do n't really care . 
  the user appears to be german but seems to be living in portugal now ( perhaps for the last 20 years as indicated in one of the posts ) . 
  if you read the posts properly , they may be describing an extraordinary life that is hard to believe , but they are not contradicting themselves . 
  the submission is about the question whether the german government exacerbated the 2015 influx of refugees into europe , or not . 
  what some people may or may not think of said influx is completely besides the point . 
   you should . 
  why were they dying in the med ? 
  they were n't trying to get to italy . 
  they were trying to get to the richer northern states . 
  they were dying because they knew their chances of a ) getting asylum in the first place was reasonably high and b ) even if they got no , their chances of staying illegally was quite decent as well . 
  you seem to be arguing under the false belief that germany and sweden shared an asylum/immigration policy for an extended period of time . 
  that is not correct . 
  until 2015 , the german stance was `` it 's not our problem , '' and that 's why germany does n't have many extra-european immigrants . 
  so , you can point your pull-factors somewhere else . 
  ( i write more on this at the end of this comment . ), 
   i am responsible for my own words and no other . 
  so i 'm not even going to bother with strawman arguments . 
  you responded to me so you get to deal with my words . 
  no other . 
  i 'm not responding to you per se . 
  i 'm discussing the submission . 
  if you want to go off-topic , i wo n't accompany you . 
   and as i made clear : the crisis was slow-brewing . 
  2015 was just the peak year . 
  it makes no sense at all to artifically begin in a single year without understanding what happened in the preceding years . 
  context matters . 
  be that as it may , that is not the topic of this submission and also not the current narrative in europe . 
  i 'm all for solving problems at their root but that 's not what this is about right now . 
   oh , they 're `` nebulous '' now . 
  actually , they 're important . 
  not all-important , but part of the debate . 
  instead of just focusing on enforcement , which is popular with those who do n't want to solve the issue at root . 
  because there is no pull-problem . 
  there is a time before 2011 , before the arab spring , with essentially negligible migration into europe : 10 ^ 5 for a population of the order of 10 ^ 8 . 
  there is a time after 2011 , where the migration slowly picks up -- not because of any pull-factors , because they stayed the same . 
  what has changed is the situation in our neighbouring countries . 
  this , i assume , is what you call the slow-brewing crisis , and you would have a point if you were criticising european inaction in that phase . 
  and then we have 2015 , when it all increased very quickly , again due to external reasons and not any pull-effects . 
  because those did n't change . 
  again , our baseline migration in the late 2000s was perfectly manageable and no problem at all . 
  the addition is because people are pushed out of their countries , not because we invite them . 
  we did n't invite them any more or less than in the past , and back then they did n't come here in such numbers . 
   interesting , because if there is one government in europe that is constantly shifting blame but never wanting to deal with their own incentive structure exarcabating the crisis then it is germany . 
  germany does not have this incentive structure . 
  if you [ list foreign nationals in germany by number in 2014 ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/einwanderung#peronen_ohne_deutsche_staatsb.c3.bcrgerschaft ) , then the first extra-european nationality is syrians on place 17 . 
  well below 5 % of german residents are not from europe . 
  that 's one of the lowest shares in western europe . 
  if you must point your finger somewhere , you 'll have to point it somewhere else . 
  more baseless assertions . 
  just spare us all . 
   yes they did . 
  look at the eurostat numbers of deaths in the mediterrean . 
  what were those about ? 
  fishing accidents ? 
  people are n't really blaming the german government for the deaths in the med , so i will not discuss it now . 
  it would just dilute the actual discussion . 
   it was a rising crisis , but everyone was ( as usual ) only focused on enforcement , not pull factors . 
  merkel did nothing . 
  she was not alone in not doing enough , but that does n't exonorate her . 
  be that as it may , the narrative in europe is not about collective responsibility for the events , but about an alleged german invitation that caused the entire crisis . 
  that myth must be dispelled . 
   again you 're only focusing on enforcement . 
  you 're conveniently starting at the point of inception . 
  you 're completely omitting the incentive structure that makes people go in the first place . 
  we are not discussing the general fact that some people prefer to live in europe rather than where they are now . 
  we are discussing what happened in 2015 . 
  the pull factors you blame have remained nearly constant over the years . 
  conversely , the * push * factors have not , which the authors of the submitted article laid out very clearly . 
  the focus on nebulous pull factors allows some people to not admit that the big influx of 2015 was externally caused rather than by any single european government , german or otherwise . 
  that is a problem because it allows some actors in europe to shift blame and seemingly absolve themselves of any responsibility for a lasting solution . 
   this is a pattern with merkel apologists . 
  i 'm no such thing . 
  i merely advocate for a fact-based handling of the situation . 
  it 's you who tries to weasel out of the article 's assertions . 
  note how this entire comment section is essentially devoid of any concrete debate on the submitted article . 
  that 's because virtually nothing in it can be disputed . 
  to be honest , i do n't understand him or her . 
  they are usually rather level-headed , except when it 's about refugees . 
  then most reason goes out the window . 
  if you would read the article and/or the post behind the link you would see that the influx can not be causally linked to any german government statements or actions . 
  i have nothing more to add and it is pointless to try to argue with me about it . 
   german media : we will defend her to our last drop of blood . 
  they are not , which is why this newspaper decided to write this article .
