  we 'd all be better off if they the uk were eye to eye with france and germany . 
   most of the german people i 've met were vegetarian . 
  that 's ... odd . 
  which they do n't really do . 
  in my experience , the internet is a pretty bad place to learn about the monetary system . 
  in some countries/languages you do . 
  ... woosh , i think . 
  come on baby , do n't be like that . 
  i swear , i wo n't invade you again . 
  this time for real . 
  i do n't even want to pay my own debts ... 
  . de / . ro i get to take a step back in both nations and criticise them from an outside perspective . 
  i fucking loved it . 
  everyone should go . 
  even if lisbon was n't as cool as it was , 20 \u00b0 c more than bavaria is definitely worth it . 
  ( make sure to visit bairro alto and see a sunset at cabo da roca . 
  and they will charge your for the stuff they put on your table when you sit down , remember that . ), 
  says the portuguese . 
  your language sounds almost slavic . 
  source : just spent a few weeks in lisbon . 
  i saw several national flags , but only pins . 
  there 's really just one pipe coming to my house , so that 's pretty clear . 
  also , i 'm really happy with my utility company . 
  i ca n't see how a private one could offer a better experience . 
  it 's cheap enough that i do n't care and the water quality is wonderful . 
  i see no need for legislative interference into that area . 
  if that is different in your region , maybe talk to your regional government . 
  imho , this needs no european legislation and should be handled according to subsidiarity . 
  edit : after a little more research it looks like the proposed directive will not force privatisation . 
  instead , * if * privatisation is happening , it should be a europe-wide tender . 
  i can live with that . 
  water is a natural monopoly . 
  some of the things you mentioned are n't . 
  think about that . 
  it 's not `` 3 '' . 
  it 's '' ... 3 '' . 
  hitting the rich with inflation ? 
  sure . 
  because rich people sleep on mountains of cash , just waiting for it to be eaten away by inflation . 
  columns , columns everywhere . 
  actually i was hoping to push you to do the work yourself . 
  if i had to guess , you probably do n't really go out of your way to find the truth and settle for what suits your pre-existing viewpoint . 
  you should just know that you are working with wrong information . 
  anyway , i guess the pro-camp , now that there is a referendum on the table , has an incentive to set the records straight . 
  i 'll follow your advice and just wait for them to do it . 
  or perhaps you develop a sense of rigour and look for the real facts yourself . 
  then you 'll find that , while the eu is n't all perfect either , it 's still much better than what some want us believe . 
  just do n't comfort yourself by claiming that i ca n't prove you wrong . 
  i can . 
  it 's just quite some work ( stupid propaganda department did n't do such a good job , did it ) and i really gain nothing from arguing with strangers on the internet . 
  i do n't care enough to argue with you point by point , but you should just know that you are lying to yourself . 
  the things you mentioned are either taken out of context or just plain wrong . 
  if you do your research properly , you 'll see . 
  no , i 'm not interested in doing the research for you . 
  that 's no different from being in the minority in your country . 
  except nation states form arbitrary voting blocks in europe , which is why their influence should be reduced in favour of the individuals . 
  that 's a misleading choice of words . 
  it 's not relinquished , it 's pooled . 
  in english , `` for 6 months '' is correct , `` since '' would be wrong here . 
  just fyi . 
  civics is now propaganda . 
  did n't you get the memo ? 
  i want to believe . 
  oh my god this is too much , we ca n't do this . 
  imagine a similar american video set to their anthem . 
  we 'd trash talk that sooo badly . 
  nope nope nope . 
  ^ ( even though i kinda like it , too ), 
  no roaming fees in europe . 
  you can actually sign the eci here : http://onesingletariff.com/ i 'm a telefonica customer . 
  i do n't get why they should be allowed to charge me more just because i cross a border when i 'm technically * still * on their network . 
  i hear engrenages is pretty cool . 
  interesting . 
  how does the mainland manage ? 
  it 's not like that there , either . 
  that map is [ incorrect ] ( http://elderofziyon.blogspot.de/2012/07/debunking-map-that-lies.html ) . 
  i like that . 
  is there something similar for my old home , romania ? 
  i 'll be in lisbon for two weeks in a month . 
  you hold on to those 20 \u00b0 c like your life depends on it , understood ? 
  freistaat comes from being free from monarchy . 
  saxony is a freistaat as well . 
  it 's basically a synonym for republic . 
  [ sanctuary districts ] ( http://en.memory-alpha.org/wiki/sanctuary_district ) ? 
  if you think spiegel is anti-german , that no germans read it and that it 's mostly writing in english nowadays , then you have absolutely no clue what you are talking about . 
  yeah , but governments operate with laws , so someone must be there to handle them , regardless of what issue government is dealing with . 
  he may be an expert on economics , but he 's still not a * lawyer * . 
  there 's not much to say . 
  transylvania used to belong to austria-hungaria so you 're bound to have some mixing . 
  uh , i do n't think so , sorry . 
  grandma has austrian roots , though . 
  that 's where i live . 
  it 's funny that you call me intentionally obtuse over this . 
  here , let me use your analogy so you can understand me : a : dude i have only 3 empty seats in my car , i can take 3 people . 
  b : i can see that you have more seats from here , so cut the bullshit . 
  i helped you pay for your car , i know damn well how many seats it has . 
  on top of looking ridiculous , likening yesterday 's vote to 1938 diminishes the injustice that was committed back then . 
  shame on you . 
  it * is * ridiculous and there are not enough straws in the wollte world for you to grasp at to even justify a noteworthy * fraction * of that factor . 
  and ?
