  s ^ c ^ n ^ r, 
  oh , oh , i have an adapted [ copypasta ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/29mwbo/ukip_meps_stage_protest_during_eu_anthem_in_stras/cimkfan ) to contribute !, 
  \\* clears throat * -- a liberal continental communist federalist mep and globalist was holding a speech on josef stalin , known pro-european . 
  '' before the session begins , you must get on your knees and worship the eu and accept that it is the greatest nation the world has ever known , even greater than great britain ! '' at this moment , a brave , patriotic , nationalist dual-ukip/fn champion who had served 15 years of duty in the ep and understood the necessity of border controls and fully supported all opt-outs from the eu treaties stood up and held up a banana . 
  '' how straight is this banana , pinhead ? '' the arrogant mep smirked quite gypsy-like and smugly replied `` not at all , you stupid libertarian . '' '' wrong . 
  it is straight . 
  if it was bendy as you say ... then it should be banned now . '' the mep was visibly shaken , and dropped his manuscript and copy of the ventotene manifesto . 
  he stormed out of the plenary chamber crying those continental crocodile tears . 
  the same tears continentals cry for the `` poor '' ( who today live in such great conditions they do n't even die in trenches any more ) when they jealously try to claw justly earned wealth from the virtuous northern countries . 
  there is no doubt that at this point our mep , jean-claude schulz , wished he had not been a statist and become more than just a government parasite . 
  he wished so much that he could lock himself alone in his office to hide his embarrassment , but he himself had abolished all borders including closed doors !, 
  the other mps applauded and all registered ukip that day and accepted nigel le pen as their dear leader . 
  a bulldog and a rooster , both coincidentally named `` nation state '' walked into the room and together pissed on the european flag . 
  the eu treaties were burned several times , and putin himself showed up and broke up the eu . 
  the mep lost his seat and was completely unable to find employment in the private sector lacking a stem degree . 
  he died of the continental plague cancer and was tossed into the channel until the next ice age . 
  i have nothing worthwhile to add to the topic at hand , other than perhaps `` well done . '', 
  i 'm just wondering , how do all eurofighter-typhoon-using countries refer to them ? 
  because in british publications , from what i can tell , they always call them typhoon . 
  in germany , they are usually only called eurofighters . 
  does everyone call them differently ? 
  yes . 
  are you being serious ? 
  there could have been ex-military among the rebels able to use it . 
  we know that . 
  it was the separatists by accident . 
  they posted about this on social media when they thought they had hit a ukrainian plane , remember ? 
  the only somewhat open question is , did russia supply them with the weapons and training or did they do it on their own with stolen weapons ? 
  it was not my intention to imply this , just to point out that `` it 's the muslims ! '', 
  is a too convenient excuse when europe has exhibited rampant antisemitism long before any muslims immigrated here . 
  unless you went to the protests , the only thing you can see is what the people who make videos want you to see . 
  you can be certain that there are fn present just like there are far-right sympathisers next to radical muslims at protests in germany . 
  just because le pen changed her rhetoric does n't mean the make-up of her party has changed . 
  fn consists of unsocial muslim hooligans now ? 
  _ per-capita _ gdp growth since 2008 has been -4.4 % . 
   you 'd have to consider what could realistically come after him and what the downside risks would be please do . 
  so it will only be how many more years before the uk is back to pre-crisis per-capita gdp ? 
  colour me unimpressed . 
  nafta is not a single market . 
  it 's true that i 'm from bavaria , but the `` oddness '' of berlin is widely known throughout the federal republic . 
  i 've met too many non-bavarians who shared that opinion to believe it 's only a bavarian phenomenon . 
  which is why we must protect and promote them so carefully . 
  i 'm not arguing with emotion and neither has eastern europe over the last decades . 
  being dependent on a rogue regime like russia 's exposes europe . 
  it turns us into hostages who ca n't act independently in accordance with our values because we must fear russia retaliating by withholding the resources we depend on when it suits them . 
  an embargo on russia will either topple the russian government once it can not maintain the illusion of strength to its people any more or make it give up its aggressive foreign policy before that happens . 
  it will cost us in the short term , but it will be an investment in our collective security . 
  it is a mistake to believe that every conflict with several sides is caused equally by all the sides ( and your insinuation that i 'm too simple to inform myself properly only got a weary smile from me ) . 
  considering [ that over two thirds of russia 's budget come out eu resource purchases ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2bh9qf/leaked_paper_eu_options_on_stage_three_russia/cj5cqhv ) , russia is not a sine qua non with regards to a solution . 
  one can only hope that european leaders will remember that from a certain point on , ideology must beat economics . 
  a1 ) $ 200,000 per person to iranians in 1996 is not $ 200,000 to europeans in 2014 and a2 ) the sum is not the point , but the implicit admission of guilt and the displayed willingness to compensate . 
  if anything it 's despicable that bush himself did n't do it and we had to wait for a democrat to do it -- but we all hate republicans , so eh ? 
  b ) there was public outcry . 
  c ) the us did n't shoot down a plane full of europeans so there was no reason for us to unite with iran against the us . 
  i mean , aside from the fact that iran is a theocratic regime that we should never unite with . 
  the russian government is solely responsible for the mess in eastern ukraine . 
  none of this would have happened if they would have just kept their fingers out of it . 
  i 'm glad more and more europeans are beginning to listen to eastern europe and to stand up to the russian regime . 
  it was george hw bush and you are forgetting that the us government did compensate all families handsomely , even if it did n't publicly apologise . 
  we can wait here until the russian regime or the rebels compensates the victims ' families , until then i suggest you keep your cries of hypocrisy to yourself . 
  10 year old me sucked at the game but i 'd like to try again now that i read your comment ... 
  that does n't help as much as you think it does . 
  the most valuable information is the social network underlying our society : `` who do i have to look at more closely or arrest to gain the most information or have the biggest disruptive impact ? '', 
  it can be deduced from meta data . 
  your encryption is fairly useless against that . 
  the left can not achieve its ideal outcome , an egalitarian utopia . 
  the problem with the left is that the attempts ( so far , anyway ) to achieve their utopia are riddled with injustices and contradictions to their ideology , while the problem with the right is that their pure ideal is repulsive by itself . 
  wonderful comment . 
  i 'm always annoyed when i see people trying to describe left and right through the economy or liberties when it 's really about equality vs. hierarchy . 
  that way , it 's immediately evident how the nazis with their insane racial hierarchy and the resulting genocide are the perfect embodiment and logical conclusion of the far right ideology . 
  preaching to the choir , mate . 
  thinking beyond a legislative period ? 
  that 's unpossible !, 
  still , thanks for sharing !, 
  no , i believe you were in the legion . 
  the out of excitement part is hard to believe . 
  you must be tired of life . 
  [ not sure if i believe you , but ... ] ( http://myreactiongifs.com/gifs/illallowit.gif ), 
  if i may ask , where are you from and what made you join the legion ? 
  lapdoge pls . 
  upper chamber countries , lower chamber people . 
  honestly , i find these debates about israel 's creation otiose . 
  so , even though i would disagree with parts of what you just wrote , i will not do so . 
  there 's no point in it , israel is here to stay , and any meaningful debate should start from that point on . 
  everything else is a waste of time . 
  i 'm not just arguing from a legal position . 
  there was a majority jewish area and a majority arab area and there is * absolutely nothing wrong * with allowing them self-determination through the creation of their respective nation states . 
  it 's hard to gauge the majorities but i have a feeling the uk & co. could perhaps outvote the naysayers . 
  at least , i hope they would because i , too , am very frustrated by these government 's responses . 
  ( regardless , in a hypothetical federation , parliament would have the largest say and there you 'd have a lot of meps from the east who feel * very * strongly about this against some meps from farther west who 'd probably make a deal to get it over with . ), 
  the land israel was created on was league of nations mandate territory and that territory was partitioned into majority-jewish and majority-arab regions . 
  the un had every right to partition the land that way . 
  today we could have an israel and palestine side by side if the arab dictators of the time had n't turned israel into a scapegoat for every problem they themselves created . 
  can you ? 
  i see a people taken hostage by its own government , abandoned and/or instrumentalised by its supposed allies , that is suffering the consequences of its government 's crimes . 
  so , what do you see ? 
  at the end of the day , imho , violence still represents a failure of our civilisation . 
  so , when it has to be applied , it should be with a cheerless attitude . 
  well , you 're still cheering for death and destruction , even if it 's in the service of justice . 
  ok , then it 's settled .
