  i meant corrupt officials diverting european monies , like in saldejum 's example about roads . 
  you know what the american federal government does when someone steals their money in a state ? 
  send the fbi to arrest them . 
  would n't it be nice if that could be done here , too ? 
  how much did it cost in 2000 ? 
  it is a not-too-serious event . 
  there is exactly zero difference between preventing an egg from being fertilised or getting rid of the egg once it has been fertilised . 
  zero . 
  comparing this video to countvontroll 's explanation is an incredible insult to him . 
  if we had let them fight it out , they probably would n't be in any shape to join the eu any time soon . 
  we 'd probably have to give them even [ more aid ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/parable_of_the_broken_window ) as well . 
  why do n't you like the semi-official german lyrics ... 
  there is a way out , it 's codified in the treaties . 
  it 's just not in britain 's interests to leave . 
  that said , the evolution towards an ever closer union was written into the treaties in the 50s , so ... ( and in what world are ukip 's ~ 16 % a * majority * ? ), 
  the euro is an intergovernmental endeavour . 
  the euro members were expected to abide by certain rules with no superior authority ( e.g. 
  a federation ) to watch over . 
  as expected , the biggest states now dominate ... 
  i 'm a bit sad that people throw around this meaningless and useless phrase so much . 
  it shows how little is known about the union and how it works . 
  why is he berating parliament and commission ? 
  it 's not like they have much to do with the euro . 
  do you have no concerns regarding the conditionality of the funding ? 
  why is the esm popular ? 
  do n't they show the universal error code ? 
  in star trek : deep space nine , episode `` past tense , part 1 '' , europe has fallen into political anarchy ( around 2024 ) . 
  let 's hope they were n't perfectly correct and the european alliance emerges from that ... yep , i know my star trek . 
  same here . 
  you just know how to press our buttons , do n't you . 
  we 're in c&c generals 2 , no ? 
  itt : the only thing europeans can unanimously agree on . 
  making fun of america . 
  denmark is effectively in the eurozone because of erm ii . 
  read again . 
  the commission did n't step in when the greek state dished out the money . 
  no money flowed directly from eu coffers to greek parties . 
  though i 'm not sure at what point the transfer of powers should trigger the vote . 
  * i * think a federal europe needs a constitution accepted by its peoples in a referendum . 
  a convincing case for why this would be in all our interests can be made , and needs to be made if we want to form a sustainable union . 
  i think the reason why one can say the germans did n't want to leave the dm is because , being a parliamentary democracy , the politicians never bothered convincing the people . 
  that has been the case more than once , even when the decisions made were in the citizens ' interests . 
  that said , i can believe that there were a small group of politicians who knew exactly what they were getting us into with the euro and a much larger group that was rather clueless . 
  and that first group was n't much into the `` convincing '' business and more into accomplishing facts . 
  that mode of operations might have worked till now , but it certainly wo n't work any more . 
  and , of course , one of the things that needs to be accepted is that any community is a transfer union of some sort . 
  there are always people who pay more in than they get out . 
  denying that is first-class self-deception . 
  the difference is , a federation can claim to have a broad democratic mandate to alleviate the causes for such imbalances . 
  on page 3 , the last few paragraphs say it all , do n't they ? 
  that 's what is called intergovernmentalism . 
  the opposite is called federalism . 
  exactly . 
  louisiana . 
  germany has the funds to fix the problem . 
  so yeah , germany calls the shots . 
  reluctantly . 
  what power does `` the eu '' have ? 
  do barroso and hvr design the esm or the fiscal pact ? 
  does the european parliament draft the legislation ? 
  no , of course not . 
  they ca n't even levy taxes . 
  it 's all between the states . 
  when they screw up , they blame brussels . 
  and you believe them . 
  intergovernmentalism is killing europe . 
  negative eu decisions were never turned positive without concessions . 
  the irish , for instance , got something out of their `` no '' . 
  but that does n't fit the narrative , does it . 
  europe : eu : : america : usa, 
  we ca n't let the , ahem , colonies get to the asteroids first !, 
  who do they think they are ? 
  that they are colonisers now ? 
  if they get that , too , what will the old world have left ?? 
  health care , okay , but aside from that , what ? 
  what makes you think the uk does n't want to contribute to esa ? 
  according to [ this ] ( http://maxwellsci.com/print/crjss/v2-255-261.pdf ) , they are on average smarter than the general population . 
  then there 's also the factor of being a full-time politician : you can devote all your time to being a politician , not just read a newspaper or website on your way to and from work . 
  either way , do n't underestimate them . 
  koch certainly is a smart man * and * a giant douche . 
  unfortunately , these two things are not mutually exclusive ... 
  i suggest you sit down with some of your local politicians . 
  since the success of the pirate party , many have been trying to get in touch with us pirates ( at least here in munich ) . 
  from what i can tell , they are not stupid or dumb * at all * . 
  there are `` pirates in other parties '' , they get to threaten their collegues with us and our success . 
  you need to threaten them somehow , they wo n't move else . 
  let 's hope you are right . 
  well , wind power is already close to the theoretical maximum efficiency . 
  not much to do there . 
  pv ** might ** get another factor of 2 in efficiency till 2050 . 
  it 's also approaching the physical limits . 
  imho still not enough to make the cut . 
  i hope i 'm wrong . 
  because we first allowed them to grow to a size where we ca n't allow them to fail without severely affecting the rest of the economy . 
   fully renewable by 2050 my humble opinion : not going to happen . 
  not this way , anyway . 
  germany 's primary energy usage is 450 gw ( expressed as the average power consumption ) . 
  now , if we say that renewables already cover 50 gw ( afaik , they do n't ) , we 'd have to convert 400 gw to clean energy in less than 40 years . 
  that 's 10 gw a year . 
  to put that in perspective , that would be 10 new nukes a year .
