  spain and luxembourg did n't reject the constitutional treaty . 
  can confirm . 
  never seen these stickers other than there . 
  a use does n't contradict ` europe where necessary , national where possible . ', 
  free and independent are only those that can hold their own ground . 
  but small countries ca n't hold their ground against significantly larger ones . 
  the latter do n't even have to be belligerent . 
  they just have to be self-centred and inconsiderate and the small countries in their spheres must adjust to whatever they do to not suffer ( too ) negative consequences . 
  big players just have too much leverage , either directly or indirectly . 
  really , it has always been like that throughout history , and until the world gives itself a somewhat authoritative political system where conflict will be handled in an orderly and civilised fashion , it will stay like that . 
  that 's why the eu is so great for europe : our conflicts can now be settled through our common political and judicial institutions before they become much more than economic disagreements -- as opposed to how it used to be . 
  first or third sounds more impressive than 15 % or 13 % . 
  not a particularly definitive result . 
  do you ever read what you write and maybe , just maybe , think it might be a little too melodramatic , or perhaps even embarrassingly so ? 
  it 's not a common prediction and you wo n't find it outside right-leaning british publications . 
  none of us will retain our position when nations larger than ours approach our economic output per capita , no amount of mental acrobatics will alter that simple fact . 
  they 'll just decide over our heads and we 'll be expected to fall in line . 
  exactly like we do today with less influential nations . 
  finally , no one wants to be erased or will be erased . 
  scots have n't been erased in over 300 years , bavarians have n't been erased in over 140 years , and the list goes on . 
  perhaps there is a language barrier in the way :  `` at the time , we would have preferred the term ` federal europe ' , but in britain that phrase was too problematic : for john major , it implied centralisation , while for many other european countries it implies ** decentralisation ** . 
  emphasis mine . 
  from http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2014/may/17/david-cameron-ukip-germans, 
  i used a vpn and a german credit card just fine . 
  munich nummer one , remove tea from premises !, 
  what party is on the far-left end in austria ? 
  if everything goes well , it 'll be greens/efa/pirates in a few weeks . 
  they just need enough people to form a proper faction inside the group . 
  really , that 's the part that does n't make sense ? 
  other than that , the reasoning is flawless ? 
  or [ that ukip councillor ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-oxfordshire-25793358 ) a while ago . 
  a ) what does this have to do with crimea ? 
  b ) which one of these places was annexed by another country recently ? 
  they should take bitcoin or something similar . 
  you . 
  i like you . 
   elmar brok , a christian democrat mep , said : `` it seems ironic that cameron is focusing his calls for eu reforms on the phrase ` ever closer union ' , given that it was only put in the maastricht treaty thanks to britain in the first place . 
  at the time , we would have preferred the term ` federal europe ' , but in britain that phrase was too problematic : for john major , it implied centralisation , while for many other european countries it implies decentralisation . 
  for emphasis , especially the very last part . 
  the eu raises some money itself through levies , for example . 
  getting rid of the second parliament is a good idea , but the cap is a strategic policy to keep europe self-sufficient with regard to food . 
  we can certainly make some smaller changes like remove certain products from the subsidies or impose export levies so our food does n't harm emerging economies , but abolishing it altogether for a quick buck is short-sighted . 
   virtually every single financial reform suggested by the eu recently has been squarely aimed at the uk 's financial sector ... to loud cheering from / r/europe . 
  or , perhaps , some people have an interest in painting this as some sort of us vs. them battle that keeps us divided . 
  the uk itself has changed its financial regulation significantly . 
  and while the rest of the eu does not a have a single financial centre the size of london , combined they are bigger and would presumably suffer from the allegedly harmful regulation , too . 
  yes , but how * exactly * ? 
  what can the proposed federal european government do ? 
  what rights are reserved for the member states ? 
  how will it work in detail ? 
  i 'm what you would call a federalist but i would n't want to turn the eu into an exact copy of the usa ( or germany or canada or australia or india or ... any other existing federation -- although we can and should learn from them ) . 
  unless we define very clearly what we are talking about , we might as well not talk at all . 
  personally , i believe individual european countries wo n't be able to have their voices heard in the coming multipolar world but do have enough in common to formulate a common position . 
  thus , we should establish * a kind of * use that can speak with one voice for all of us . 
  it should have all powers necessary to convincingly be able to achieve that goal , and nothing else . 
  for example , no running our schools or ordinary police . 
  there are people planning this since the very beginning of european integration . 
  unfortunately , the term `` united states of europe '' has a different meaning for everyone who uses it , so it is basically worthless . 
  see , you * are * one of us :d edit : also , fuck that cunt . 
  feeble , weak ? 
  asking `` how high ? '', 
  every time america says `` jump ! '', 
  is not strength . 
  sometimes people seem to mistake proximity to power with actually holding that power . 
  apparently even heads of government can make that mistake . 
  when stuff escalated so far that russian forces are invading eu/nato soil , the correct response * is * a military response . 
  the sanctions are exactly for what russia is doing right now . 
   just because the us is a lesser evil does n't make it not evil and i think the `` threat of russia '' is a fucking joke considering the uk 's / frances/germanys army could likely go toe-to-toe with russia 's on their own and win . 
  all three combined would n't even be a fair fight . 
  russia is a regional power not a super power . 
  too bad our countries ca n't even commit to tough sanctions . 
  eastern europe has every reason not to believe we 'll come to their rescue when push comes to shove . 
  it 's embarrassing . 
  i thought the latvian flag has the same backstory as the austrian flag , i.e. 
  a white robe that turns into ( blood ) red-white-red after the wearer takes of his belt after a battle . 
  someone criticising you because you wrote europe instead of eu incoming in 3 , 2 , 1 ... 
  this was both upvoted and kind of debunked in this very subreddit just a few days ago . 
  holy shit , yes . 
  `` they do n't share our values !!! '', 
  -- well , how would you know , you do n't share them yourself . 
  pretty sure neither jobbik nor stearin were expressing their discontent over a music contest , rather than the liberal european values it allows to be voiced . 
  hard to tell , the debate is very controversial . 
  if one can trust the european commission , it estimated a total of 30bn for renewables and 26bn for fossil fuels in 2011 , when renewables accounted for 10 % of eu energy and fossil fuels for over 75 % . 
  a person 's freedom stops when it infringes on the freedom of others . 
  unless you can argue very precisely how their lifestyle affects you , you have no right to tell anyone how to live their life . 
  this line of thought is the foundation of a modern liberal democratic society . 
  it is not a sign of decline or decadence . 
   we see no reason to import from europe over any other friendly place , the cap rigs the market no one can stop food from the mainland from reaching britain . 
  in comparison , it 's easy to be cut off from a food source half-way around the world - by accident or on purpose . 
  there is some value in this safety . 
  some perspective : 1 . 
  electricity is not all of our energy , but less than a fifth . 
  2013 renewable subsidies were around eur 20bn , resulting in renewable electricity worth * under * eur 6bn ( about 147 twh worth around 4c/kwh ) . 
  one day they will understand that you can personally choose the right one and still accept that others might want the left . 
  one day . 
   statistics show that some 20 % of under-30s voted for fringe parties , including the afd , in last year 's general election , compared with only 7 % in 2005 . 
  that 's pretty misleading . 
  the under-30s vote for a range of non-establishment `` fringe '' parties , the first of which was not the afd , but the pirate party -- and you 'll have a hard time finding a more more pro-european party . 
  why is this so controversial ? 
  he 's the epp candidate , he 's supposed to get the presidency if epp wins just as schulz is supposed to get it if s&d wins .
