  seems like a national issue to me . 
   so if bosnia fucks up the whole of europe grinds to a halt ? 
  no , it does not . 
  yes the globe is a lot more interconnected and we all have a collective interest in making things better but states are still sovereign . 
  yes , i was talking about bosnia , was n't i. 
  what an important country . 
  you totally debunked me there . 
   seriously ? 
  the eu knew it had no power but it acted `` independently '' in a very co-ordinated manner . 
  `` eu '' , who is that supposed to be in that context ? 
  the commission ? 
  the parliament ? 
  the council ? 
  the other 14 eu members decided to not tolerate austria 's decision . 
  let 's assume there was some kind of coordinated eu action ( whatever that means ) : would you have been more ok with it if it had been an informal telephone conference between 14 heads of state/government deciding on sanctions against austria , completely without formal unions ? 
  probably not , so why do you bring this up in the first place . 
  the uk ca n't just have a referendum on its membership without outside reasons ? 
   so basically you 're agreeing that the eu only wants to hear the `` correct '' answer with little regard for any alternative . 
  the elected leaders of the member states agreed on the lisbon treaty . 
  they presented it to their national legislatures and it passed in 26 out of 27 of them . 
  these nations decided that they wanted to go that way . 
  ireland 's government also agreed to the treaty but did n't bother convincing its own people . 
  it was absolutely reasonable for said 26 countries to ask the irish a second time about the treaty because * they * decided to go that way and did not want to be impeded by ireland 's refusal . 
   how can we be critical of the likes of russia and african despots fixing elections when we are doing the same in all but name . 
  how can i take you seriously when you make such claims ? 
  beatings , imprisonment , assassinations are not the same as asking a question a second time . 
   so if the anti-campaigns did n't do a good job should we hold the vote again ? 
  i 'm guessing you 'd rather they did n't . 
  you see this as a good thing ? 
  the anti-campaign is free to seek a new referendum . 
  unfortunately i do n't know how that could be done , because i do n't know enough about the irish legal system . 
  if they want something , * they * have to ask for it . 
  it should be possible , though , the lisbon treaty now includes an article about secession , so there are no fundamental legal hurdles to leaving any more . 
   sovereign nature of the countries a little digression : countries are n't sovereign any more . 
  this entire concept , where the small despot did n't need to fear the big despot is so outdated . 
  our world is interconnected , our economies so intertwined . 
  sovereignty in the traditional sense is nothing more than an illusion . 
  when one of the europeans nations screws something up domestically , the entire continent feels it nowadays . 
   also jorg haider 's inclusion in to a coalition government in austria caused that country to be snubbed . 
  there is a freely elected party being snubbed by the eu because of its views . 
  yeah , a country will face consequences when it puts a man that was that close to neonazism as haider was into a position of power . 
  there will be a response by its neighbours . 
  the fact that its neighbours were also eu countries is secondary , the `` isolation '' was done by each country individually without the commission or anything . 
   is it not possible that those that voted no were pissed off at beingasked again and knew that their vote was worthless ? 
  i 'd certainly feel that way and would n't bother voting again . 
  well , that 's your opinion . 
  voter turnout increased by 5 percentage points , the result changed from 53 against/46 in favour to 67 in favour/33 against . 
  i find it hard to believe that so many who were opposed stayed home and so many that could n't be bothered to vote the first time suddenly got up and voted in favour . 
  if i cared about an issue , i 'd go voting every time it came up . 
  all right . 
   how often does it ask `` are you sure ? '', 
  when the answer is yes ? 
  probably never . 
  you only ask again if you are unsatisfied with the answer , and that is perfectly normal discourse . 
   a political elite ratifiying a treaty is not democratic i agree that the constitution could have been handled better . 
  in france , the netherlands and ireland the pro-campaigns did n't do a good job , because , and i agree here , there was probably always the idea to rewrite it a little and circumvent the legal requirements for a referendum . 
  when that was no longer possible after ireland 's rejection , the ones in favour started doing their job and ireland passed it with quite a margin ( 2/3 thirds voted in favour , in fact ) . 
  ( nevertheless , representative democracy is still democratic . ), 
  the rest of the union had ratified the treaty according to their national laws , only ireland held everyone back . 
  why should they be allowed to stop the rest ? 
  what 's democratic about that ? 
  the voters did n't say `` no thanks , we are leaving '' but `` no thanks , and you wo n't go either '' . 
  the union had every right to ask them to reconsider . 
  but it wo n't matter , we 've already [ seen it all ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fg_cwi1xj4m ) . 
  i believe it is dishonest to accuse the eu of being undemocratic because it dared ask `` are you sure ? '', 
  that is perfectly normal discourse . 
  in 2006 , the un compiled a list of gini coefficients , there is a list on [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_statistics#income_equality ) . 
  there the uk is just ahead of latvia and portugal . 
  the question is , what 's the better indicator , 10/90 ratio or gini coefficient ? 
  i think everyone would win in the long term if the uk had its referendum , no matter the outcome . 
  cameron should go for it . 
  i must have missed the part where i wrote that longing for strength is the only rational thing to do . 
  germany 's states could always issue bonds , even under the mark . 
  so can us states , even though they all use dollars . 
  * that * is not a problem . 
  the fact that the eurozone only had toothless rules set up to protect the common currency instead of actual common economic and fiscal policy and equalisation payments . 
  eurobonds could be an effective tool , too . 
   they could n't increase interest rates to stave off a boom . 
  you do n't need to increase interest rates for that . 
  really , ruining an economy is an easy thing to do . 
  raise taxes , cut subsidies , protect the environment , etc. , all measures that curb economic development if used correctly . 
  feelings or instincts are not rational . 
  what you are trying to do is rationalising them , that is , making excuses . 
  trying to transcend them is virtuous . 
  blaming an inanimate object ? 
  at fault were governments who continued doing politics the same way they did when they where still able to print money ... after they agreed not to do it . 
  the euro is not at fault here , no matter how often that is repeated . 
  money is nothing more than a measure for economic output , fixing your unit of measurement has no effect on the economic output itself . 
  all you have to do is adjust the local economy to that simple fact , i.e. 
  devaluation has to be done internally . 
  instead of borrowing money and paying it back by printing new money , i.e. 
  letting everyone who holds currency and is paid in currency pick up the bill , you now have to actually reduce wages/increase taxes etc. 
  that internal devaluation , i.e. 
  reduction of wages and so on will have to be exactly as severe as inflation used to be . 
  the only difference : now everyone sees it . 
   out of that mess keep telling yourself , but the channel is neither that deep nor that wide . 
  http://www.eurocoins.co.uk/ ... some of them actually look pretty awesome , especially the uk ones . 
  maybe one day ... 
  machine size scalings are a lively part of plasma physics . 
  iter will most likely not bring any surprises in that regard .
