  i do n't call random people chauvinists . 
  just people who have demonstrated their chauvinism . 
  i 've never called you that , did i ? 
   do continental europeans actually like us ? 
  who , us ? 
  there are 60 million britons . 
  most of them are certainly perfectly agreeable people . 
  not sure why you bring this up . 
   will they stop liking us once we leave the eu ? 
  again i 'm not sure who you are referring to , but there will certainly be negative consequences for britain . 
  every viable organism or system must have a sense of self-preservation and in this case the eu must discourage secession . 
  this has nothing to do with liking someone , it 's just game theory 101 : be cooperative with cooperative players , punish uncooperative players by being uncooperative yourself . 
  ( on top of that , you might have some idiots who do n't like britain . ), 
  you know , my personal theory about these repeated displays of ignorance is that native english speakers can come on reddit once they 've completed elementary school -- all you need to do is read and write . 
  at the same time , non-native speakers had to go through quite some additional education to be able to interact on the required level . 
  plus their additional english language skills give them the ability to learn new things from primary sources about britain and all the places it has spread its language . 
  that 's must be why i cringe comparably often when i read some native speakers ' opinions . 
  not because of the flag next to their name , or the place they call home , because of the above average amount of uneducated hogwash they spew . 
  i want to emphasise that i do n't think there are more uneducated english speakers , just that the language requirements filter out quite a few of my annoying countrymen . 
  because after a while the praises of british greatness compared to continental backwardness get old . 
  the implication that mainland culture somehow builds on inferior legal positivism while only britain has superior natural law as basis of its legal system and culture is just another example . 
  at some point , i will voice my discontent . 
  we are taught the same idea of negative liberty in school . 
  but do n't let me disturb your fantasy differences or your chauvinism with reality . 
  i 'm not sure where you are taking your horror scenarios from . 
  europe has a flag , it has n't supplanted the national ones . 
  this also did n't happen in britain with respect to its constituent countries , nor did it happen in , say , germany , or the usa . 
  european has also has an unofficial anthem , that also does n't and wo n't supplant the national ones just like , for example , the old german states all have their own anthems . 
  they also have their own governments . 
  and they all have their ways of life , just like someone from dover has his way of life and someone from the highlands his way of life . 
  in fact , the latter has still so much of an own identity after 300 years of union , that he might just leave it altogether . 
  hell , in switzerland people only a few kilometres apart have distinct identities . 
  similar arguments apply to catalonia or the basques . 
  have they been turned into generic spaniard or generic frenchmen ? 
  even though it was tried , at times . 
  actual empires tried to eliminate cultures and identities , often with force , and they were n't successful . 
  insinuating that a peaceful and limited political union would eliminate the individual european cultures is , and i do n't mean this offensively , worthy of nothing less than a big tinfoil hat . 
  the exact opposite is the goal of federalists : to stand together in an increasingly multi-polar world so we can preserve our ways of life the way * we * see fit . 
  regardless , those who might lose their culture through common market regulation and foreign policy probably never had one in the first place -- and no part of europe fits that description . 
  edit : there 's [ an englishman in / r/de comparing his childhood sweets ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/de/comments/2774b4/wisst_ihr_noch_damals_als_die_welt_in_ordnung_war/chy63mo?context=2 ) with germans . 
  our plan for cultural homogenisation is progressing as expected !, 
   the idea that political elitists should dictate to us how our society and culture should go from now on is a heresy to most of us . 
  culture and society should be a free market of ideas where the prevailing mentality/ideas take root and win by natural and independent adoption . 
  there are some things which the eu does to facilitate this . 
  moving toward federalism where we have to start taking orders from people who 've never lived in our society and have no appreciation for the nuances of our culture seems stupid and daft . 
  laughable even . 
  what 's laughable is this constantly repeated claim of external cultural imposition . 
  it 's a straw man argument . 
  it does n't work , it does n't happen , and no one wants it any way . 
  i wonder what it takes to penetrate this reality distortion field some people have erected around themselves . 
  well , it 's not ess-pee , it 's sh-p . 
   i have to say that i love how english has just shamelessly stolen another german word . 
  i just hope you are pronouncing it properly . 
  something like shpetsankhandedat . 
  again what learned !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ( ( http://www.kalmit-klapprad-cup.de/archives/tag/again-what-learned ) ^ ), 
  [ a monorail , you say ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xhpo_wcr_je ), 
  the question is , how is that taking into account the elections ? 
  i mean , to determine what that means , we should ask ourselves what not taking it into account means vs. taking it into account . 
  if the council just nominates someone behind closed doors , someone not even mentioned during the campaigns , how would that be different from them not taking the election into account at all ? 
  there must be a qualitative difference that sets a decision based on the election result apart from a decision not dependent on the election result . 
  personally , i do n't see how imposing an outsider can be , in any way , consistent with an election that was touted as a way to choose the next commission president , with debates and campaign trails and all . 
  it goes against any democratic tradition our parliamentary democracies have . 
  i did n't want to disturb the joke too much . 
  right , i did n't think of that . 
  thanks !, 
  ^ ( a federation is a decentralised way to set up a state , not necessarily without a monarch . 
  bad briton !, 
  sit !, 
  no more colonies for you !, 
  you could be a federal monarchy like canada or australia ? 
  there are many potential modifications coming . 
  for example , there are modifications that make plants more resistant to water . 
  the idea is to make them more resilient against flooding , i.e. 
  making them survive ~ 2 days longer underwater . 
  that 's great for areas with frequent flooding like bangladesh . 
  for us it can also be helpful because we could replace herbicides with ... water . 
  just flood the fields and drain the water shortly before the crops die -- weeds should be gone by then . 
  or ... there are modifications that make a plant change its colour when it 's sick . 
  that way , a farmer can use aerial surveillance to determine the health of his crops . 
  cheaper and more throrough . 
  or ... there are labs working on modifying plants such that they take their nitrogen out of the air instead of fertiliser , greatly reducing the need for the latter . 
  would n't that be great ? 
  now , i do n't know how close these modifications are to commercial exploitation , but i would n't want to miss out on them because today 's modifications might not be the ultimate improvement , yet . 
  it 's unfair to frame it as `` serves germany '' when it simply follows the law . 
  every country knew what it signed up for : a central bank that will keep the money stable , and nothing else . 
  i agree the law is not good , but that does n't change the fact that it 's still law . 
  sure , but i always see people chiming in with exceptions after such statements and i at least try to pre-empt them by at least hinting towards the exceptions in my own post . 
  again , just my opinion . 
  i think a people of several million people is probably so diverse , it should , in * many * cases , not just be lumped together . 
  neither by outsiders , nor by insiders . 
  but that 's just my opinion . 
  of course , there are cases where it 's appropriate . 
  one can probably say that britons speak english or , i do n't know , prefer tea over coffee ? 
  but other than these things , i think it 's better to phrase statements more like `` i 've never seen a briton who does n't ... '' rather than `` britons never ... '' . 
  perhaps it 's the scientist in me speaking :-), 
  thanks for the information . 
  i do n't even know where most of my gif collection is from . 
  perhaps the tories could have pushed epp towards another candidate ... but they were more interested in symbolically leaving the group to make a statement .
