  not just the us , but generally ... bingo . 
  well , at first i welcomed a transatlantic fta , but i do n't see any justification to negotiate something like that in secret in this day and age . 
  considering the amount of irregularities , i guess we should -- again -- tell our meps to kill it . 
  that map does n't really show anything worthwhile . 
  there is a big difference between someone at 787 euros per months and someone with ( close to ) nothing at all . 
  either way , aside from money there are other factors at play : education , integration into and acceptance by society , potential future prospects , and probably others . 
  nationality , religion or ethnicity , however , are n't deciding factors . 
  there are people of all nations , all religions and all ethnicities living successful lives all over the world . 
  a ) `` alleged . '', 
  appearing before a tribunal does n't automatically mean you are guilty . 
  b ) poor people are more prone to crime . 
  that 's the important correlation . 
  nationality or ethnicity are second order properties in that regard . 
  you are right . 
  it 's racism , plain and simple . 
  source : regular arguments with my romanian family . 
  it slowly gets better . 
  the big difference is , the northwest does it much better . 
   what 's that ? 
  we have to make a europe-wide tender if the project is over eur50k ? 
  well , that wo n't be a problem , turns out it 's actually five projects , each eur49k , and we can award them to the firms run by these five gentlemen in our city council . 
  what a great coincidence . 
  source : happened in my home town ; i only know about it because my dad worked in city hall during that time . 
  22:59 actually . 
  ... france is one hour different from britain . 
  edit : thanks for the gold , stranger . 
  translate learns from the same texts in two languages . 
  icelandic is only spoken by a couple of hundred thousand people . 
  it 's probably hard to find texts written in both languages . 
  the point is : why make up stories if there were enough real negative stories ? 
   thats a huge generalization about news . 
  what ` truth ' ? 
  the eu is complex enough that a paper can report truth on the eu consisting entirely of negative stories . 
  yet , that 's not what they do . 
  look at [ this ec blog ] ( http://blogs.ec.europa.eu/ecintheuk/ ) to get a glimpse of what is being misreported . 
   the european project can not accept a member leaving , the philosophy of the union is to expand wider and integrate deeper , not to break-up . 
  this will set a precedent that will be so utterly destructive that it may cause the future collapse of the eu as we know it . 
  as long as you convincingly argue that continued uk membership was more destructive to that philosophy than the uk leaving , i do n't see a big problem . 
  to me , even though i 'd prefer the uk to be * in * like france or germany , this line of arguments does n't seem so hard to construct . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say . 
  it 's like a supra-national prisoner 's dilemma . 
  honest question : do you think subgroups within larger countries have no identity ? 
  that 's what i call a backhanded compliment . 
  true . 
  i upvoted both of you . 
  well , part of the political class . 
  not everyone thinks like ukip . 
  the uk 's deficit with the eu is [ around gbp 5bn ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-19881656 ) . 
  compare that to the entire gdp of the eu , which is around gbp 10,700 bn ( 2012 ) , i.e. 
  this makes up about 0.05 percent . 
  i really think you are severely over-estimating the importance of this amount . 
  no , man , having the same language totally trumps everything else . 
  did n't you get the memo ? 
  just because you 're on the other side of the planet does n't mean you are somehow entitled to your own and completely different interests . 
  jeez . 
  it certainly plays a role . 
  want to hear my explanation , though ? 
  germany is the only european country that was more or less de-nazified and it is the only big european nation lacking a primarily xenophobic * and * successful party . 
  that 's how big the stigma of xenophobia is . 
  even afd goes out of its way to not be seen as somehow focussed on migration , even though forces within the party try to change that . 
  unfortunately , not all of continental europe were put through that . 
  they were like `` well , did n't happen here , was n't us , we 'd never do that . '', 
  obviously , this is just wishful thinking . 
  the seeds still linger in the ground . 
  spot on : - /, 
  perhaps not the entire country . 
  but it 's also not just one idiot , though . 
  remember pvv ? 
  france and spain should move over to utc instead , no ? 
  i mean , look at the map . 
  is it really worth so much just to be in germany & co. 's timezone ? 
  you 'll be able to do that in may . 
  that was a great response . 
  thank you . 
  could you explain how this came about ? 
  as it is now , european defence spending is like 1/2 -2 / 3 of us spending . 
  yet , we are not even close to their abilities . 
  i have my doubts that we will be able to change this significantly unless we form a common force . 
  maybe not an army , but a navy and air force . 
  you know , the expensive stuff that operates abroad . 
  you are mixing up free trade agreements and common markets . 
  the eu is not a free trade area . 
  there is absolutely no point in comparing it to trade deals with china . 
  [ more ] ( http://internationalecon.com/trade/tch110/t110-2.php ) . 
  if the single market is supposed to work properly , it needs all of the four freedoms . 
  except every german can come to bavaria and even if they could n't , social security is the same in the entire federal territory . 
  some people around here think it 's okay to leech skilled workers from less fortunate countries that they had to train while leaving the ` useless ' ones behind . 
  it 's not okay . 
  fta :  paris and berlin ** do not ** support mr cameron 's ambition to unpick the eu 's treaty-enshrined right to free movement across the bloc . 
  it 's moldawien in german . 
  that 's my experience , too . 
  i think if we also had had a logographic instead of alphabetic writing system , we 'd have gone the same way . 
  without it , our language barriers remained too difficult to overcome . 
  also , `` white people mandarin '' is a great phrase , i 'll remember that . 
  thank you . 
  i argue that the overall importance of knowing or not knowing a place does not depend on whether it 's a country or not . 
  not knowing an unimportant and/or tiny country in europe is just as okay as not knowing an unimportant and/or tiny american state or vice versa from a global viewpoint . 
  there would n't be any debate if the americans had not moved from the articles of confederation to being a ` proper ' country while europe has not ( yet ) done so . 
  you wrote `` the eu , '' not `` britain . '', 
  edit : parent comment said something like ` britain should only care for britons ',
