  those two are multinational corporations . 
  they have no allegiance to any country . 
  they hardly pay taxes and the jobs they create in polish factories or banks benefit primarily ... well , poles , not italians . 
  unfortunately , after years of fighting , [ this is what 's left of your home and property ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tlwe7d6.jpg ) . 
  and your number one opponent is actually the tyrannical government , not the religious groups . 
  good luck though . 
  it can , however , accept things like continued sanctions against russia or the generous subsidies it receives from the net contributors . 
  question is , is this the kind of relationship that is worth maintaining ? 
  what does , say , italy get out of this ? 
  how does the polish government show its solidarity with italy ? 
  edit : downvoting uncomfortable facts and questions only makes them go away from the top of the comment thread , not from reality, 
  the mess in syria has been going on for a couple of years and many that stood and fought have already paid a heavy price . 
  nowadays though , who should anyone join ? 
  the dictator 's forces ? 
  this group of crazies ? 
  or that group of crazies ? 
  or would you like to join what little is left of the moderate opposition and wait for a russian jet to bomb you ? 
  because those are the options they have . 
  of them , the latter group has been waiting for someone to fight alongside them for a pretty long time ... by now , help clearly is n't coming and by themselves they wo n't win -- so why stay ? 
  thanks . 
  it 's unfortunate that eb is engaging in such activities since they , too , serve as ammunition for the people they allegedly try to `` out-poll '' . 
  then again , as the ec official 's response points out , eb is commissioned the same way as any other government-requested poll and of similar quality . 
  still , in the last couple of years there have been more and more pan-european media events , so perhaps the media will also start to make independent polls about these issues . 
  not that i have more trust in `` the media '' ... for now , all we can do is look carefully at the raw data that eb is publishing and be careful about press releases based on that data . 
  except now we 'll also always have somebody posting a link to that paper and then this very discussion over and over again . 
  do you have a link to the response ? 
   actually it is strange , that eastern europe is considered to be more racist than the west . 
  i mean , it is n't eastern europe where locals burn down a refugee home every day . 
  could it be because there are n't enough of these homes to burn down ? 
  it 's [ not like it does n't happen at all ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3jgowh/immigration_center_set_on_fire_in_estonia/ ) ... 
  although to be fair , if the perpetrators ca n't find something or someone to be violent against , [ sometimes they just let their imagination go ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3dv3jw/hungary_undergrad_girl_beaten_up_because_his/ ) . 
   i do n't remember a rise in buying guns either . 
  neither did i outside of unsubstantiated tabloid stories . 
   also , it might have something with the news bias . 
  when hungary builds a fence and uses tear gas to protect it , it is racist and barbaric . 
  if austria builds one , it is not really a fence , more like a door , according to official statements . 
  could it be because there is no fence in austria and even what some people have talked about was n't about sealing the border but merely channelling arrivals to the official border points so they can be accounted for ? 
  terrible article . 
  at the end of the day , all we need to know about it is that it needs to resort to cherry-picking statistics and using opposition , fringe politicians from western europe as examples while it can use heads of government from eastern europe . 
  that 's because no western european government could survive even a week of orban 's or fico 's rhetoric . 
  everything 's about the same from and including eastern germany onwards : hardly a foreigner in sight but plenty of animosity . 
  oh , ok . off the top of my head i ca n't think of anything but then again i do n't work directly on iter , so that does n't have to mean much . 
  either way , sorry \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af i can tell you that in regular research we often end up using some off-the-shelf product , improve it , and then get asked by the producer how we did it . 
  now the completely personal part : i would absolutely agree that climate change should be the number one concern . 
  especially because it hits those the worst that are the least responsible for it . 
  it 's just that there is only one established technology that does not produce co2 and that has already been deployed on such a large scale that we can hope to do it again ... fission . 
  between 1970 and 1985 the world added 300 gw worth of nuclear power stations with a world economy a fifth of today 's . 
  with the same effort nowadays we can hope to construct 1500 gw of nuclear power stations in the same 15 years , which is more than half of today 's electricity consumption of about 2500 gw . 
  electricity is the biggest cause of co2 emissions and will grow as things like electric cars become more prevalent , so reducing it would go a long way . 
  i understand this may not be a popular position , but if we truly believe climate change to be the number one issue and that our resources should go to the best solutions for it , then it 's the only tested and hence realistic way at hand : the french model applied to europe and the world beyond . 
  on top of that it also puts the responsibility where it belongs : no island nation ever got flooded because of something that happened in a nuclear power plant on the other side of the world , and if something does happen in that plant , it 's only fair that we , its consumers , have to deal with the consequences -- not an unrelated third party . 
  all other technologies might be there some day , or not . 
  but for today we only got that one . 
  disclaimer : i 'm in no way authorised or instructed to speak for the fusion community , so this is , of course , just my personal view . 
  it is hard to answer the question about `` when '' because it 's ultimately asking both about technological progress and the externalities constraining that progress . 
  we can look at what various agencies around the world have come up with : the european fusion roadmap foresees the [ first fusion power in our grid for around 2050 ] ( https://www.euro-fusion.org/eurofusion/the-road-to-fusion-electricity/ ) . 
  [ the chinese want the first self-sustaining device to be up and and running in 2030 and a demonstration plant by 2050 as well ] ( http://fire.pppl.gov/fpa14_chinese_cfetr_wan.pdf ) . 
  [ the koreans plan their own demonstration power plant for 2037 ] ( https://www.iter.org/newsline/255/1481 ) . 
  of course , no one can now promise that it will all pan out that way , but that goes for all emerging technologies . 
  power generation through fusion will most certainly be possible in man-made devices , the bigger question is whether we can make it economical . 
  it 's too early to tell , but the community knows that it is this question that we are working on now . 
  uh , thanks . 
  unfortunately i 'm not entirely sure what the question is . 
  i guess one important thing is that iter , as an american colleague of mine phrased it , makes fusion grow up . 
  around the world there is of course a minimum of interoperability to exchange data and we 're all working with similar technology , but ultimately everyone does their own thing . 
  iter combines that all plus made the french nuclear regulator come up with a regulatory regime for future machines . 
  does that help ? 
  not sure . 
  i 'll try again if you can clarify the question . 
  it 's funny that people often get hung up on that detail . 
  a lot of our visitors are also dumbfounded by the idea , even though there already are several superconducting fusion devices like kstar in korea or lhd in japan or east in china . 
  ultimately you are right , though . 
  even though there are several ideas , the final plan for electricity generation has not yet been determined . 
  finding the best blanket design is an important goal of iter . 
  you ca n't have much neutron loss because a d-t reaction generates one neutron and you need that one neutron to breed a lithium nucleus into a new tritium nucleus . 
  thus , a future reactor 's interior will be mostly lithium blankets for that and they will absorb the vast majority of neutrons . 
  the heat of the blanket will power a generator the old-fashioned way . 
  dd has a low reaction cross-section but it does fuse into ^ ( 3 ) he and a neutron under the conditions that modern fusion devices achieve . 
  thanks for the nice words . 
  sorry you could n't continue . 
  i , too , hope w7x will deliver good results . 
  if only they had n't built it at the end of the world ... :-), 
  i 'm in the core physics division , but when i get a chance i 'll ask the edge/wall guys whether they have some news . 
  i ca n't recall his name , but i was listening to a talk from a leading materials scientist 1-2 years ago and the gist of his talk was that we 'll be fine as long as we keep the envisaged materials above 450-500 \u00b0 c. 
  as in , the heat will make the material flexible enough to repair any number of dpa 's it might possibly face during reactor operation . 
  i 'm not an expert but i do n't recall much opposition from the audience , so i assumed it was more or less believable . 
  of course , the structure will still end up activated , but that we always knew . 
  as far as i know , ifmif has n't even found a location for the facility yet ... 
  i am , but people also often use `` we '' in explanations to make the audience feel more included . 
  well , in dt fusion you get out a helium nucleus and a neutron . 
  the latter is neutral and thus carries 4/5 of the energy to the wall -- that we can and want to deal with . 
  the helium is charged , and therefore confined like the rest of the plasma , and its fifth of the reaction energy will be used to keep the plasma hot . 
  after that , however , we 'd like the helium out of the plasma , because it 's just ash that dilutes the actual fuel . 
  in thermal equilibrium the helium 's fifth of the energy will have to get out at some point ( otherwise the plasma would continue to heat up , for which there are some physical limits ) , which happens through a [ piece of equipment called a divertor ] ( https://www.euro-fusion.org/wpcms/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/fig05.jpg ) . 
  actually , it happens almost entirely at the the two things called strike points ... and that 's the potential problem : those are pretty thin lines to take on 1/5th of the reactor 's total output . 
  thank you very much for the response !, 
  do n't worry , it took you much longer to write it than for me to read it :-) it 's great that you rate it as an overall positive experience . 
  i think we kind of got off the wrong foot here when you kind of presented yourself as a counter-example to my claim . 
  i do n't think you are one . 
  obviously there will be some differences and some friction when newcomers arrive in a community , even if it stems from rather benign practices , like the ones you described .
