  he ca n't even get simple facts straight . 
  even then , russia demanded ukraine surrender the competencies necessary to have a free trade agreement with the eu to their `` customs union '' -- the eu merely stated that there ca n't be a free trade agreement with ukraine if ukraine has lost the ability to sign such agreements . 
  additionally , we have polls suggesting that a majority of ukrainians sees ukraine 's long term development moving closer to europe , not russia . 
  and the division is n't along language lines or anything like that . 
  later in on that article , which was written way before the invasion , he goes on to talk about :  for one thing , state sovereignty is the cornerstone of the eurasian union . 
  and , in any case , european union mandates are already far more intrusive than anything being contemplated by the eurasian union . 
  therefore , if any group should be suspect of harboring aspirations that undermine national sovereignty , it is the european union . 
  aha , well , so much for that . 
  i 'd laugh if it was n't so sad . 
  call me when there are unmarked western troops in ukraine . 
  i 'm really dumbfounded how so many people can fall for this blatant russian propaganda . 
  we had half a century to learn to cope with their organised disinformation campaigns and here we are again . 
  i mean , russia just annexed a piece of another country using unmarked troops and a falsified referendum , but somehow * the west * is the bad guy . 
  i mean , even if not everything 's perfect over here , still : what the fuck , seriously ? 
  that 's perhaps the `` problem '' with stopping genocides before they happen -- it gives the intervention 's opponents the possibility to claim that were was no threat . 
  i can only imagine how people would have made the same claims after successful interventions in bosnia or rwanda . 
  yeah , they own afghanistan so much , they ca n't even get immunity for their troops . 
  yes , better leave ukraine as it was . 
  because evidently it was a lavish paradise , full of happy people and generous social services . 
   as an afterthought . 
  look at israel now , it learned from your mistakes . 
  there was no megalomaniac plan to get rid of all the palestinians in few short years , attracting unwanted attention . 
  no , they dragged it out into decades and that way the world did n't take notice . 
  totally . 
  that 's why they agreed * from the beginning * to have their own state next to an equal palestinian state , right ? 
  but other than that , you know , dae isarel = hitler ? 
  this ` hymn ' just feels so forced . 
  imho  joy , bright spark of divinity , daughter of elysium , fire-inspired we tread thy sanctuary . 
   magic power re-unites all that custom has divided , all men become brothers under the sway of thy gentle wings . 
   joy , bright spark of divinity , daughter of elysium , fire-inspired we tread thy sanctuary . 
   magic power re-unites all that custom has divided , all men become brothers under the sway of thy gentle wings . 
   all the creatures drink of joy at nature 's breast . 
  just and unjust alike taste of her gift ;  gladly , like the heavenly bodies which he set on their courses thus , brothers , you should run your race , as a hero going to conquest . 
  or its german original is better . 
  well , can he refuse to sign ? 
  the german president can only refuse to sign acts that were not passed according to the constitution . 
  the content is more or less none of his business . 
  cool story , brah . 
  umm , switzerland pays into the cohesion fund as well . 
  they have their own treaty with the eu about this . 
  this video has been debunked on numerous occasions . 
  gas can contaminate the water supply without fracking just fine . 
  if you do n't believe me , ask someone from the m\u00fcnsterland for example . 
  the point is not whether we ( whoever that is ) need it or not . 
  if someone wants to do it , you need a really good reason to be able to forbid it . 
  if the environmental concerns can not be substantiated , you do n't really have a case . 
  edit : http://www.bgr.bund.de/de/themen/co2speicherung/downloads/fracking.pdf?__blob=publicationfile&amp;v=2 -  in germany fracking is practiced since the 1960s , no case of ground water contamination is known . 
  i do n't think nuclear proponents overlook nuclear waste . 
  after all , nuclear operators have to save money to pay for terminal storage so it 's already priced in . 
  reserves of the german operators number in the tens of billions of euros . 
  it 's just not that big of a deal : the sum of all highly radioactive waste from our plants does n't even fill an olympic swimming pool ( which we already have to take care of , so it 's not like turning off the plants would solve that issue ) . 
  we have terminal storage facilities for toxic chemical waste and no one cares . 
  also , depleted uranium is n't what you think it is ; the bulk does n't come out of reactors . 
  as for fracking : last week i was able to listen to a talk given by the head of the bundesanstalt f\u00fcr geowissenschaften und rohstoffe and he concluded that there is no danger from fracking in germany . 
  we can do it , no problem . 
  what if i told you we have terminal storage facilities for toxic chemical waste and * no one * cares even though it does n't even have a half-life ? 
  even if they were , berlin needs a proper international airport . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  or perhaps ... 
  i went to lunch ? 
  clingy much ? 
  either way , even if i might not have answers : * you * have allegations ? 
  great . 
  * you * provide evidence to back them up . 
  until then , they 're just asking loaded leading questions . 
  first you try to smear * one * of the journalists in question and then you go on to spread fear , uncertainty and doubt without any hard facts . 
  calling the washington post ( who cooperated directly with snwoden ) or the ny times ( who were the first to publish this new document ) anti-american is just ludicrous . 
   also , it 's amazing how efficiently russia is using snowden as a vessel to leak whatever damaging information they need , whenever they need it . 
  and people gobble it up because snowden is this great fighter for peoples privacy . 
  right !, 
  nonsense . 
  snowden has given all his documents to reputable western journalists who go through them and then might publish what they deem important . 
  he himself does n't leak anything these days . 
  you mean the soviet occupation zone administration had a bad impact . 
  proper uranium mining is no worse or even different from other kinds of ore mining . 
  edit : uranium mining happens in ore deposits with uranium portions between 0.03 % and maybe 20 % , so most of what is mined is n't even uranium . 
  uranium itself is very weakly radioactive , being almost stable , so the bulk of its toxicity comes form the fact that it 's a heavy metal , not its radiation . 
  even then , having an energy density 2000000x that of coal , you can harvest up to 2000000x less to get the same energy out , obviously resulting in a much smaller environmental footprint . 
  you wish * anything * from 40k to be real ? 
  what 's wrong with you ? 
  but i am le tired ... 
  eh , the eu member states have over 2000 fighters themselves . 
  question if they can be supplied ... 
  there might be a few commies in the pel , but they did n't really get many votes . 
  please do n't lump me in with you just because we might share a passport . 
  i do n't know if that 's such a good idea . 
  the more parliament and government are intertwined , the more parliament just rubber stamps government decisions . 
  especially if you have a proportional system where the parties decide who will even get a chance to be re-elected . 
  france also has a military that can project some force abroad , improved child care and other things that are paid with these taxes . 
  thanks . 
  good night . 
  totally , fox news says everything the white house tells them to . 
  our state ** s ** :-[, 
  determining the conclusion and then afterwards looking for arguments to support it is generally not considered a good approach to decision making . 
  ^ then ^ again , ^ i ^ expect ^ nothing ^ more ^ from ^ ukip ^ & ^ co. 
  ska keller is a woman . 
  honest question : what legal acts has the eu passed that disarm citizens ? 
  even if france could not meet supply all the time and has to occasionally buy electricity , on average the tariff will be cheaper than ours . 
  interesting that you mention taxes . 
  i quickly looked up some income tax calculators .
