  apparently , as you said , there 's enough water up north so nobody will miss it ;-), 
  the parliament votes on legislation and approves the commission . 
  what exactly more do you want ? 
  because she has no monopoly on the position . 
  the other 27 can still put their oar in -- and they do . 
  of course , that 's not going to work . 
  i do n't see how `` more democracy '' ( whatever that is supposed to mean exactly ) would fix that . 
  elections are n't usually decided based on foreign policy anyway . 
  still not working for me . 
  lucky you . 
  sure . 
  if each individual country has to go through the common foreign ministry we 'll have one coherent position . 
  the eu foreign minister wo n't contradict himself every few sentences because he 's actually not 27 different people . 
  but yeah , i do n't see that coming very soon because we 'd have to amend the treaties . 
  1 ) foreign policy . 
  let 's scrap 26 out of 27 embassies . 
  also , let 's not get divided through outside powers . 
  2 ) cell phone plans . 
  there 's no reason why i should pay absurd amounts of money to go online on the other side of the border . 
  often my service provider even operates in the other country under the same name but no ... thankfully the eu is already onto that kind of stuff . 
  the eu has separate rules . 
  citizens may live and work in every member state without requiring special permits . 
  the new members ( 2004 + ) have certain restrictions for a limited time . 
  edit : http://ec.europa.eu/social/main.jsp?catid=457&amp;langid=en, 
  are you guys really talking about firefox ** 4 ** ? 
  you can keep using chrome , i do n't want to convert you . 
  that being said , you can do that with ff as well . 
  add a search engine via [ mycroft ] ( http://mycroft.mozdev.org/index.html ) or [ make a new one ] ( http://www.hacktheday.com/step-by-step-create-your-own-search-engine-for-firefox-twitter-contacts/ ) . 
  once you have it installed you can either press ctrl + k to go to the search bar , then ctrl + up or ctrl + down to select the search engine , enter the search term and go . 
  or you can install omnibar , which combines the location bar and the search bar , and then you can just type '' @wiki < search term  '' . 
  i 'm sure there are even more ways that i 'm not even aware of . 
  i always say * who needs chrome we you can have firefox 4 * , but to each his own . 
  the fuck . 
  same here in germany . 
  [ this ] ( http://theintrepid.blogspot.com/2009/10/how-to-watch-daily-show-and-other.html ) still works , though . 
  edit : i do n't get it , why would they do that . 
  where would we be able to watch it legally ? 
  i 'm sure erdinger loves being linked to that flag . 
  pickelhaube or did n't happen . 
  if there just were some prussians left . 
  all there is now is east germans . 
  [ ] ( / problem ), 
  thank you :-), 
  it 's the flag of europe , technically . 
  the eu just adopted it . 
  is it a reasonable argument that i was challenged below to insist on special treatment because i 'm from bavaria ? 
  yeah , i thought about correcting that but i did n't want to tamper with the data :-p, 
  taken from the css . 
  i 'm surprised how many chose a flag of europe , i would have expected fewer . 
  scandinavians ? 
  do n't you mean eastern europe ? 
  eastern europe : parts of the arab world : : fall of the iron curtain : current uprisings, 
  can you be a little more specific ? 
  the site you are linking to says that google censors a number of things from a number of countries . 
  it even says that france also made them remove nazi content , among other things . 
  so why are you claiming that germany would be so different or special ? 
  then what are you referring to ? 
  central banks are n't private . 
  ( no , neither the ecb nor the fed are private banks . ), 
  yes ? 
  there are a number of countries with laws against holocaust denial : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/laws_against_holocaust_denial and there are plenty of countries where videos on youtube are blocked by youtube itself . 
  nobody is forced to sign up with gema . 
  if artists do n't like what they 're doing , they should n't sign their rights away to them . 
  the comments there are funny . 
  i do n't think actual countries post here , and most of you probably are n't any kind of elected representatives either . 
  so * perhaps * reduce the amount of phrases like `` you did ! '', 
  and `` we did ! '', 
  please ? 
  it just creates unnecessary tension . 
  neither of us has a lot of control over the fate of our nations , so there 's really no reason to keep pointing fingers . 
  we 're just a bunch of dorks who apparently like discussing pan-european things . 
  let 's not forget that . 
  what 's it going to be ? 
  will one of the other three help akp ? 
  will there be some kind of chp/mhp/hdp coalition ? 
  you 're welcome . 
  looking forward to reading a better argument from you in the future . 
  what exactly is a defence union ? 
  can you point me to an existing example . 
  as far as i can tell , it 's a virtually empty buzzword that everyone interprets differently . 
  anthropomorphising countries is often not very useful . 
  this is an instance of that . 
  it 's illegal to undermine the peace among nations and especially to instigate a war of aggression . 
  that 's not the same thing as it being illegal to attack another country . 
  it 's perfectly legal to attack a country to restore the peace among nations . 
  it only needs to last until they have inflicted their damage for it to be a problem . 
   are going to match nato in military power ? 
  no , but you would have to read more than the title to make a useful comment . 
   the european union must modernise its military defence and security to match nato 's drive to beef up its own security forces, 
  the title is misleading , you should read the article . 
  force projection is not about feeling good or relevant , it 's about maintaining the established international order . 
  since there is no world police , the members of the international community must do that themselves , or it will simply be chipped away . 
  if the west and/or the democracies of the world ca n't or wo n't fulfil that role , then other powers will . 
  i certainly trust our democracies more than i trust the autocrats elsewhere . 
  as your link says , the main concern is actually the steam processing part of the plant rather than the nuclear reactor itself , which is why large coal plants have the same problems . 
  a 1 gw reactor itself can be ramped over several hundred mw in a matter of minutes . 
  but you do n't need to ramp them so much in the first place because nuclear is n't emitting anything and only becomes cheap by using it as much as possible . 
  let 's invest more in power storage and then divert excess renewable energy into storage . 
  the objective should be minimising emissions . 
  as for the rest , i agree .
