  bavaria was listed in http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/help/faqs/europe because i asked for it a `` long '' time ago . 
  try messaging the mods if you ca n't find your flag on that list . 
  can you give one example of a dictator coming to power because a parliament ratified an international treaty ? 
  edit : in the country that ratified the treaty , of course . 
  all right . 
  then we can be both pissed at both sides . 
  at least some agreement could be found today in r/europe . 
  someone should notify the markets . 
  i 'm sorry for the duh . 
  it was really rude . 
  i apologise . 
  i 'm just sick of reading the same misconceptions , misquotations , sometime even lies , again and again . 
  not necessarily from you , but in general . 
  and when the downvotes come , blame some sort of circlejerking hive-mind . 
  do the , um , countries ( ? ), 
  of the uk have any foreign policy competences ? 
  it still has to be ratified , it 's just that the governments are confident that their parliaments will agree so they do n't feel like asking beforehand . 
  no , that ca n't be it . 
  you see , everyone who is not a europhobe is engaging in circlejerking . 
  it 's the * only * explanation . 
  any attempt at constructive discussion of th european project has to be labelled as such . 
  yes , just like they 've stamped out my bavarianess . 
  i have n't seen the actual draft , so i do n't know . 
  but i also have n't read or heard anything forbidding this , provided there a qualified majority can be convinced . 
  this time sanctions are supposed to be automatic . 
  a qualified majority can stop them if necessary , for example in the event of a natural disaster , but in general a country can not stop them without substantial support from all over europe . 
  claims nobody wants federalisation regularly debates federalists, 
  i know what he means . 
  i 'm criticising the casual america-bashing . 
  unnecessary america-bashing ? 
   a part of ` spain ' , in case you 're american the fuck ? 
  you are right , that would n't be cool in germany . 
  sounds like a severe case of bad/corrupt government . 
  examples ? 
  this redditor gets it . 
  the food 's different , too . 
  in fact , besides the language , the only thing different i noticed was the adjustment to the local environment . 
  you just ca n't grow the same things and live the same way everywhere . 
  other than that , all the same . 
  yes , i 'm a fan of geographic determinism . 
  the eu is supposed to get the authority to invalidate national budget proposals before they are voted on in national parliaments , if they violate the common agreements . 
  how to abide by the agreed rules is up to the individual member states . 
   same rating as the lowest of the countries , which means interest rates on them will be high . 
  that 's a little oversimplified . 
  bonds are traded on the secondary market . 
  for example , a bond that was sold for 1 million euro with 5 % interest now goes for 500,000 . 
  that means that interest is effectively 10 % . 
  no one will buy * new * bonds unless their conditions are equal to or better than those on the secondary market . 
  ratings are an indicator that will influence buyers but have no direct impact on the interest rates . 
  at my work there are in fact a lot of italians , but i think the name comes from the claim that its atmosphere is similar to northern italy . 
  well , we are italy 's northernmost city . 
  `` problem '' ? 
   declan ganley does n't have any credibility i 'm also a little surprised . 
  i remember libertas ' campaign , this plea does n't fit at all . 
  libertas wanted to severely limit the eu 's power and now this ? 
   # 65 billion a year the entire eu budget is around $ 120bn a year , that 's currently around # 100bn . 
  britain does not pay 2/3 of the budget . 
  no idea where those crazy numbers always come from . 
  candidates win elections because someone voted for them . 
  seems like your problem is with the voters . 
  after all , there are countries with minimal corruption where they do n't violate politician 's basic rights . 
  well , apparently you already know about that bullshit , now you have to act accordingly . 
  i do n't see how completely abolishing their privacy rights would help with that . 
  i 'd like to have healthy people in these positions , not reality show participants . 
  and they said * we * would n't have humour . 
  are you going to respond to the individual bullet points or just throw around accusations ? 
  eur 120bn for 2007 and 864 for 2007-2013 , i.e. 
  on average 144bn . 
  the ecb gets no money from us . 
   large amount of money going into the bureaucracy the entire eu budget is eur 120bn . 
  just over 6 % are used for administration , i.e. 
  that 's minuscule compared to the european economy . 
   the little democratic impact of the average person on eu politics , i remember citizens lobbying meps for certain things and getting them . 
  for example , acta rejection . 
  way harder to do in the bundestag with its fraktionsdisziplin and so on . 
   the bunch of regulations passed onto the countries , most of them stupid and waste of money , so you read all of them ? 
  a common market ca n't work without common rules . 
  maybe if bavarians were confronted more often with the supposed dislike coming from the rest of germany , it would be easier for them . 
  luckily , the rest of the federal republic needs southern germany 's money . 
  do n't know about being the only one with such newspapers . 
  honestly , i 've never seen anything comparable from another country , but then again i have n't really been looking either . 
  maybe there are similar pages for the other member states . 
  i only looked for one for germany and i could n't find one , ( un ? ) fortunately . 
  even if : why point out inaccuracies in , say , austrian newspapers on a blog directed at britons ? 
  the ec has a blog that apparently only deals with inaccuracies in british `` newspapers '' : http://ec.europa.eu/unitedkingdom/blog/index_en.htm, 
   our neighbouring countries no `` country '' did that . 
  some idiots maybe . 
  i 'm not sure we can take india as any large democracy because it is * the * largest democracy . 
  unfortunately it does n't use a proportional system so i find it hard to tell how it would work out with one like we have in the eu . 
  what is clear is that no single bloc would have a majority over here . 
  the ep is split between different factions and they themselves are made up of different nationalities . 
  coalitions are formed on an ad-hoc basis for single issues . 
  one group steam-rolling over everyone else seems far fetched to me . 
  edit : whoever downvoted crsp , please do n't do that . 
  the article makes it pretty clear that the bulk of the political problems come from 1 ) the fact that india is so poor and large parts of its population so uneducated that politicians going for lasting solutions endanger their careers compared to those who just `` pay off '' the masses and 2 ) from the gap between rich and poor that is much bigger than what we have . 
  this is all not applicable to rich europe : the majority of our population is not like that and our gaps are not as big . 
  a federal europe would suffer from similar things to a certain extent ( it 's not like those features ca n't be found here at all ) , but * way * less than india . 
  still , india manages to get by and a majority cherishes the idea of a united india , despite all its problems . 
  all in all , for us it 'd be orders of magnitude easier to pull off . 
  all that is empirical evidence refuting the often-cited claim that europe is too divided by culture , wealth or language to be united in any meaningful way .
