  it 's not unlikely that some thought that way , but certainly not all . 
  framing it as some kind of conspiracy is far fetched . 
  there were rules set up to protect the common currency , unfortunately they were toothless . 
  regardless , individual nation states signed up for it according to their domestic political systems . 
  there is nothing undemocratic about that . 
  besides , why do you constantly feel the need to call this subreddit a circlejerk ? 
  have you considered the arguments ` your side ' offers might not be as convincing to everyone as they are to you ? 
  especially not to people who do n't have a problem with federalisation and see the current crisis only as growing pains ? 
  the ec and later eu were always described as an economic foundation for an ever closer political union , ever as just a ` common market ' . 
  it 's in the preambles of the treaties , really . 
  it 's no different from what happened over the last 40 years . 
  it used to be hidden in inflation , now it 's out in the open . 
  i 'm glad greece and other economies that were used to high inflation are waking up . 
  i do n't know . 
  they 're scheduled to come into circulation 2013/14 . 
  i guess they 'll be presented a bit before that . 
  euro banknotes are supposed to be redesigned every 8 or so years . 
  the next designs are already done , and they 're still gates and bridges . 
  maybe in another 8-10 years you 'll have a chance with your idea ? 
  yeah , because the people who have enough money to transfer it to switzerland are the poor ones who did nothing wrong and always paid all their taxes . 
  the political system of the american republic is very robust . 
  it survived for hundreds of years in a sometimes very hostile environment , through economic downturns , even a disastrous civil war . 
  if the soviet union could dissolve peacefully ( more or less ) without a big bang , america will remain a big player in a multi-polar world without a big bang as well . 
  at the same time europe should step up to become/remain an important one of these other poles . 
  its process of peaceful unification and its many different shades of liberal democracy could be a role model for many parts of the world . 
  how come ? 
  over the history of the ec/eu , the parliament and the people have got more and more influence . 
  i do n't see why this trend should stop , especially if we continue pushing in that direction . 
  without a strong european government the individual european nations are at risk of becoming powerless , similar to how the german states were pawns for other european powers before unification . 
  in that scenario we might not even retain a semblance of control . 
  absolute numbers are misleading . 
  the world population grew faster from 2000 till today than the fao 's hunger stats ( 6 -  7bn , i.e. 
  17 % vs. 840m -  925m , i.e. 
  so it actually supports my claim . 
  and the numbers above are from the us alone . 
  the world has never been as prosperous and peaceful as it is now , despite all the problems we still face . 
  here are some numbers from [ nber ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_bureau_of_economic_research ) : http://bluematter.blogspot.com/2009/10/global-poverty-and-inequality-1970-2006.html, 
   do n't you wonder just a bit ? 
  do you always just read and copy paste the opinions you like most ? 
  what has my person to with all of this ? 
  if what i say is wrong it can be disproved without ever mentioning me . 
   and your politicians are more than welcome to come here and arrest them themselves . 
  but they wo n't . 
  my politicians can not do anything . 
  greece is a sovereign country . 
  we asked for your politicians to clean up the mess they created and received swastikas and nazi comparisons from angry protesters in return . 
  so , please , you sort this out by yourselves . 
   you know why ? 
  because all of your politicians profit from greece all these years and they have much more coming !, 
  the entire eu profits from a prosperous greece . 
  broke and unemployed greeks ca n't buy the things we offer and can themselves not offer us anything worthwhile . 
  everyone loses if greece loses . 
   you forget that they 're the ones who make the laws . 
  and they have made so to suit their needs and evade jail !, 
  no greek is obliged to pay for these scum . 
  and the greek people are the ones who either elected them or did n't care enough to stop them from being elected . 
  until now , i hope . 
  greece is a democracy , greeks can run for office themselves or support worthwhile candidates . 
  it 's not easy , but the current situation is n't either . 
  the fact is , nothing has changed . 
  the only difference is that the old way of handling the situation is no longer applicable . 
  before the euro , greece had [ very high inflation ] ( http://www.inflation.eu/inflation-rates/greece/historic-inflation/cpi-inflation-greece.aspx ) . 
  what effect did that have ? 
  prices for everything foreign went up regularly . 
  today that 's no longer possible , you ca n't inflate your way out of it any more because greece ca n't just print euros . 
  domestic prices have to be cut manually , one by one , instead of globally reducing them through inflation ( with global meaning `` all of greece '' in this context ) . 
  it is in the end exactly the same result : greek wages , prices for greek products and services decrease in relation to foreign wages and prices . 
  you handle your domestic criminals however you like , that 's an internal greek matter . 
  it does n't , however , release greece from its obligations towards its creditors . 
  perhaps tolerating it for too long ? 
  either way , what exactly do you propose instead of what goes on now ? 
  it 's a funny video but it has little to do with reality . 
  or are you denying the widespread tax evasion and corruption in greece that has been going on for years ? 
  art . 
  9 , teu :  in all its activities , the union shall observe the principle of the equality of its citizens , who shall receive equal attention from its institutions , bodies , offices and agencies . 
  every national of a member state shall be a citizen of the union . 
  citizenship of the union shall be additional to national citizenship and shall not replace it . 
  art . 
  citizenship of the union is hereby established . 
  every person holding the nationality of a member state shall be a citizen of the union . 
  citizenship of the union shall be additional to and not replace national citizenship . 
  it appears like union citizenship is simply derived from member state citizenship . 
  the pm can order mps around ? 
  what kind of separation of powers is that supposed to be ? 
  you can dive in pretty deep when you apply maths to democracy . 
  [ here 's a paper ] ( http://chaos.if.uj.edu.pl/~karol/pdf2/sz10b.pdf ) about seat allocation in the ep . 
  anyone interested should be able to follow the references to learn more . 
  though i do n't know how much mathematics and how much politics created the current system . 
  ps : and council votes are hard anyway , because of [ qualified majority voting ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voting_in_the_council_of_the_european_union#treaty_of_lisbon_.282014_onwards.29 ) ... 
  those acts are deplorable ( and not completely accurate , we do n't know how long herrmann will remain in office and police brutality like what happened in rosenheim a few months ago is under investigation ) , but they do n't fulfil the common definition of right wing extremism , perhaps borderline authoritarian . 
  they are crazy law-and-order fanatics , at least some of them , but they do n't call for ethnic or religious discrimination or any other acts commonly associated with right-wing extremism . 
  lumping them together with reps , dvu , npd , die freiheit , pronrw/whatever , and their respective european relatives is simply inappropriate . 
  i do n't see how one could deny that . 
  this is all from memory , so i might make mistakes : the allocation of seats is complicated . 
  it started with the assumption that each country voted individually for its meps without any pan-european thinking or discussion at all . 
  now , an election is considered democratic when each voter has the same probability of casting the decisive vote , once translated into parliament ( i.e. 
  when he/she changing his/her mind would have the same probability of resulting in different outcome of a parliamentary vote ) . 
  under these circumstances of isolated elections for a common parliament this means roughly a square root distribution of seats . 
  i 'm afraid it 's been too long for me to present the maths . 
  also , if we take each country individually , there has to be a minimum * number of seats for a country in order to have any power in that setting at all .
