  many people are shallow . 
  it 's easy and convenient . 
  uh , that 's what itskodus said . 
  you did see the `` no / s '' , right ? 
  i do n't think you 'll get very far with your arguments . 
  it 's hard to argue for a solution to a european problem with someone who limits themselves to nothing below or above national scales . 
  at the end of the day , it 's the tax payers who contribute , not some nebulous nation . 
  it 's a cheap trick to appropriate my tax money just because we share one line on our mail address , but that 's what nationalists feel entitled to \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af worst , imo , is that there appears to be a lack of understanding of what consequences a continued refusal to implement something like what piketty suggested would have . 
  if the eurozone collapses , the german tax payers will face a bill that will make them regret their past reluctance . 
  there is no such law . 
  it was a misguided courtesy of google . 
  german economic strength is built around exports , not domestic consumption or investment . 
  this can not possibly be a solution for everyone , especially not for a big economy like the eurozone . 
  even if it were possible for all eurozone members to become like germany , the world markets would n't magically grow to accommodate an entire germanified eurozone , so it would cannibalise german exports . 
  as it stands today , it is absolutely correct to say that the eurozone benefits export-focused economies more than others . 
  it is baffling that you seem to not want to acknowledge that . 
  surely you must understand that the euro is weaker than a purely german currency would be , and that this hypothetical currency 's revaluation would cause economic woes here . 
  the continuity equation can be bent for a while but it always catches up with everything . 
  ultimately , the strong ez-economies will pay , either to mitigate the consequences of a break-up of the ez , or to prevent its break-up . 
  also , `` they '' , `` us '' ? 
  please . 
  today , not even the parties that passed the reforms stand behind them without reservations . 
  there is no national `` us '' in this matter . 
  the author of the aforementioned publication has done extrapolations towards the full final energy consumption , minus expected future energy savings . 
  i saw them in a recent talk , and i 'll ask if i can get a copy of the slides . 
  until then , do n't hold your breath about those 75 % . 
  funny how polish nationalists adopt soviet rhetoric . 
  exporters employ millions of people in germany and it is them who will suffer the most from your short-sightedness . 
  either they will be laid off if the euro collapses , or their taxes will increase to support those that have been laid off as a consequence . 
  it would be prudent to spend money , likely less money even , to avoid this scenario rather than spend money after the fact to mitigate its consequences . 
  supporting europe is as much in the interest of germans as supporting berlin is in the interest of bavarians or supporting missouri in the interests of californians . 
  the earlier europeans understand this , the better our chances in the coming multi-polar world . 
  i do n't where you get this from . 
  i 've followed the euro crisis closely . 
  we never tried that . 
  there has n't been any attempt from the german side to communalise this . 
  intergovernmental agreements , yes , but those are n't a solution . 
  i 'd also advise schulz against speaking out in favour of eurobonds during the campaign . 
  that being said , it 's a problem that so many germans believe they could somehow avoid the bill . 
  the eurozone is not in equlibrium . 
  the euro is lower than it should be for a big exporter like germany and higher than it should be for an economy like italy . 
  german exporters profit from this because their products are cheaper than they should be . 
  conversely , italian companies ' products cost more than they should . 
  if we continue to not counter this disequlibrium , then the ez and perhaps even the eu will eventually fall apart . 
  then , germany 's currency will appreciate and many german exporters will go out of business as the natural exchange rate is restored . 
  this will cost germany precisely as much as it is currently out of equlibrium . 
  it would be smarter for germans to acknowledge this fact and go to talk to their european partners frankly : we are willing to open our bank accounts to the tune of whatever the imbalance is , but you must also agree to communalise decision-making in some key areas to allow a long-term reduction of this imbalance . 
  i 'm certain that schulz is aware of this and i can only hope that he can explain it to the public . 
  some will complain about having been promised not to pay , but that promise could not have contained a guarantee for profiting off `` currency manipulation '' without consequences ( i ca n't believe i somewhat agree with the trump administration on something ... brrr , although it 's more a side-effect than a conscious policy choice ) . 
  exporters love the cheap euro , and the struggling economies of the eurozone would like for it to be even weaker . 
   as a romanian , please do n't do that . 
  you have no idea how much damage a blank check can do in the hands of a political elite dead set on getting elected . 
  such programmes would surely be managed by the community rather than local politicians , precisely because of what you write . 
  common base unemployment insurance , which is actually a proposal that goes around at the moment . 
  this is n't fud , although nick should have expanded on the consequences a bit more . 
  it may be possible from a technological point of view to supply 100 % of our energy from renewables , but it 's essentially unaffordable . 
  a good overview to this is given by this recent paper http://link.springer.com/article/10.1140%2fepjp%2fi2016-16445-3 and the references therein . 
  it would be extremely verbose ... err . 
  for you . 
  wait , i think i 'm doing this wrong . 
  also in studio-quali ? 
   besides - now you need the approval of two parliaments to go to war ... not the worst idea . 
  we can only hope that all crises will respect europe 's decision-making schedule . 
  maybe you just never had a good d\u00f6ner . 
  is the sending back to be taken literally ? 
  as in , the president can simply put the bill in a drawer without signing it or sending it back , and no one could force him ? 
  it 's almost as if democratic systems were designed to prevent a single person from taking over and shaping it according to his own volition , leaving talking to build majorities as the only option . 
  not only would germany 's future look pretty bleak without an organised europe at its side , but it also largely owes its economic dynamism to the last red-green government . 
  the only we can expect from the cxu is to drag their feet and poorly manage the decay as other powers shape the world instead of us . 
  there have been meetings between rrg mps to discuss a future coalition , although i do n't know how many are really on board with this . 
  i personally believe that they would do it if the election results permits it . 
  uhh ... 
  this reasonable : | < ---------------------------  | ( not to scale ) but seriously , i 'm not sure how to answer this . 
  perhaps you could be more specific ? 
  great , thank you . 
  see the top comment . 
  merkel is ahead by only 7 points in a hypothetical direct election . 
  my german id has my address printed on it . 
  will that satisfy the consulate staff ? 
  sorry , i did mean jamaica ( cxu , fdp , greens ) . 
  not sure why i wrote kenya . 
  yes , rrg and black-yellow currently have the same result , but the difference is that no part of rrg is in danger of falling below 5 % whereas yellow might actually do that . 
  this discontinuity in the result spectrum might enable an rrg majority but it does not help b-y in the same way . 
  as far as i can tell , there are only three possible results : another grand coalition , rrg or ~ ~ kenya ~ ~ jamaica . 
  in germany , the popularity of the eu parliament 's former president martin schulz is comparable to that of angela merkel . 
  even with this , his chances of beating her should not be overstated . 
  however , if the fdp were to miss entering parliament again , then there would be a more than realistic chance for a left , pro-european government under his chancellorship . 
  i see , ok , thanks . 
  this referendum will be open to the diaspora , right ? 
  speaking of encouragement , can you point me towards a guide for voting as a diaspora romanian ? 
  i 'm due to finally refresh my passport but do i need to register to vote as well ? 
  both are . 
  neocons openly call for dismantling the eu . 
  see for example the heritage foundation . 
  the us and eu have more in common than either of them has in common with any other major power . 
  well . 
  the eu and the us are natural allies , even if there are some things we disagree on . 
  we 'd hardly be a massive thorn , more like a massive asset . 
  that is , if you 're not a us neocon who 's deluded enough to think that america can rule the world on its own . 
  so , first there are complaints about all the single men that are coming here , now there are complaints when those men want to bring their families and thus stop being single men .
