  any political set-up where a shared , central body can make decisions without consensus among or even consultation of its members ( with the members formally delegating the power to make these decisions voluntarily to the central body ) is * a kind of * federation . 
  the eu already fulfils this criterion in many regards , which is why it is often described as a quasi-federation in literature ( disagreement remains over whether certain powers must be given to the federal bodies to really be a federation or not ) . 
  thus , the remaining question is the second one , how far should this development go ? 
  how should the powers be divided between the central power and the members ? 
  in essence , this will determine how decentralised the federal structure will be -- but whether there is a federal structure or not has , basically , already been settled a while ago . 
  additionally , considering that european integration is traditionally done through small steps , there will never be a revolution after which the eu becomes a federation . 
  like before , it will slowly be handed more powers when the need arises . 
  in this light , there is more value in asking questions about the specific powers rather than an elusive and unlikely sudden federalist expansion of powers . 
  europeans do n't know the specifics of the american political system which would bias the result in another way . 
  if you must use that question , you have to not only ask the question but also clearly define the word in neutral and unambiguous terms . 
  you are missing the point . 
  this is precisely how it 's supposed to work : the countries that * could * plunge the world into the abyss can simply veto things they do n't want instead of actually going to war . 
  de facto nothing can be done against their wishes without potentially horrible consequences , so we might as well make this fact the law and avoid all the bloodshed . 
  on my phone so i 'll keep it short . 
  you ca n't ask directly about federalism because everyone understands something different despite everyone using the same word . 
  instead , ask for concrete steps like `` should the eu be able to levy taxes ? '', 
  or should it have an own military or similar things that can not be misunderstood . 
  preaching to the choir , mate . 
  why did grigule leave ? 
  i think you are putting out a lot of strong statements in that post without anything to back them up . 
  in the meantime , romania 's dna manages to arrest corrupt officials and get them convicted on a weekly basis without vast investments . 
  the uk government was one of the very few that decided to basically not restrict freedom of movement/labour for citizens of the new eu members in 2004 -- when it was their right to do so for up to 7 years . 
  i believe it is deeply dishonest by the uk 's political class to blame anyone but themselves for whatever alleged problems there might be now because of that decision . 
  does it really cost so much money to liberalise inefficient branches of the economy or crack down on corruption ? 
  and those are just the first two things i could think of . 
  on the one hand , a currency union can not exist unless it has a mechanism to compensate for economic imbalances -- i.e. 
  consciously do what floating exchange rates used to do before the currency union . 
  sooner or later germany & co ( i want to emphasise the '' & co '' because it 's really not just germany who sits on that side of the table ) will have to accept that fact and pay in some form . 
  does n't have to be explicit payments , but something will need to be done . 
  on the other hand , it is hard to justify to the would-be-contributing tax payers that their money should pay to alleviate these imbalances as long as the same imbalances are exacerbated through sometimes incredible waste on the would-be-recipients ' side . 
  it 's not so outlandish to expect the would-be-recipients to do as much as they can to fix this first before asking for permanent transfers to fix the reasonable imbalances . 
  i 'm curious what is going to happen in the near future . 
  too bad we ca n't see what is being prepared behind closed doors . 
  if the wages of one group move up or down , other wages do n't necessarily follow . 
   the profits on the other hand are private . 
  if it boils down to this , let 's all do it like france with edf and keep nuclear power in state hands . 
  the economy needs boundaries like minimum wages that are appropriate for the respective area , sure . 
  having said that , lower wages are great for everyone -- except the people who are paid exactly these wages . 
  so we must not make the mistake to punish everyone with unnecessarily high prices just to keep an unviable branch of the economy alive . 
  i 'm afraid , in reality we just all have less wealth because we spend too much on things we could have for less money . 
  instead , we should focus on things we can really do economically and let others do what they do economically to ensure * everyone * 's maximum benefit from comparative advantage . 
  note : this does not mean that unregulated capitalism with a tendency towards high income/wealth inequality should n't be prevented . 
  what can i say ? 
  our society is built on division of labour . 
  i do my thing , others do theirs . 
  i have to accept that the engineers building it and the regulators checking it do their jobs . 
  if they think this level of security will do and i do n't see an obvious flaw , i have little choice but to trust their judgement . 
  if i can get the same product or service for a lower price , i do n't see why i should give preferential treatment to people who happen to carry the same passport as me . 
  i do n't owe them any more than the other person . 
  not in hindsight . 
  it was a conscious decision to build the plants the way they were built at that time , accepting that any tsunami above a certain height could be catastrophic -- well , beyond the inherent catastrophicity ( ? ), 
  of tsunamis of that height . 
  thankfully this school of thought died out . 
  in fact , chemical plant accidents and failing dams are the number one individual man-made disasters in terms of human casualties . 
  see for example bhopal ( 4-25k dead , depending on who you ask ) or banqiao ( up to 171k dead ) . 
  not included : slowly occuring catastrophes like climate change : - /, 
  we had a leading engineer from geh give a lecture about fukushima daiichi about a year after the incident , who compared the old design to current plants . 
  generally speaking , all could have been avoided if the diesel engines had n't been built so close to the water level because they all failed together after the tsunami . 
  other than that , they were very impressed by the small passive cooling system that exceeded its operation time by 800 % ( 72h instead of 8h ) and they showed how the gen iii 's passive safety system would n't have been phased by the incident at all . 
  considering that the 10 years younger fukushima daini did n't really make the headlines although it 's just 15km south of daiichi , i think their claims were not too optimistic . 
  am i misreading this or are you seriously suggesting that fishery quotas have graver consequences than pieces of national legislation like pensions or taxation or foreign policy or many others ? 
  the eu budget is about 1 % of eu gdp , the budgets of the member states are ~ 50x that much . 
  the laws of a member state are made in that state 's legislative branch , full stop . 
  the laws of the * union * are made in the union 's legislative branch , which includes the representatives of the member states . 
  the ( very limited ) powers of the union are clearly enumerated in the eu 's treaties ; what is n't mentioned there remains up to the member states . 
  you need to work on your reading comprehension . 
  the example you give as `` successive studies '' is used by sadeh as an example of a study that underestimates the effects of the euro because it misses certain mechanisms . 
  so it is just fair of the authors to acknowledge their incomplete work so that others know that they could improve on it ; standard practice in science , really . 
  from the way you cherry-pick phrases and distort their meaning i 'm getting the impression that you are either not very familiar with incremental scientific work or intellectually disingenuous . 
  do n't worry , taking someone 's citizenship is not an easy process and ca n't even be done if the suspect does n't have another one . 
  i do n't see what laws these teenagers allegedly broke because being a stupid teenager is not a crime . 
  we are better . 
  remember that only people who feel very passionate about something will care to comment and that often leads to these fucked up posts . 
  meanwhile in the real world , we have due process and rule of law -- the stuff we actually want to save from daesh but which our idiots would willingly give up just to stick it to some muslims . 
   germany is not really that dependent on foreign energy , we are overall a net exporter of energy electricity is a mere 18 % of our total energy consumption and only a little part of that actually makes up the `` net exports '' . 
  if you consider all energy needs , germany is a big [ net importer ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/index.php/file:energy_dependency_rate_%e2%80%94_all_products,_2012_%28%25_of_net_imports_in_gross_inland_consumption_and_bunkers,_based_on_tonnes_of_oil_equivalent%29_yb14.png ) . 
  take a guess . 
  the point of op is that people can appear as native speakers to other * true * native speakers while other faux native speakers can tell they are n't actual native speakers . 
  i have the impression that you are arguing about something else . 
  well , i think i have to agree with / u/hatte _ keine_ahnung . 
  i have some colleagues who speak perfect english , including the appropriate accent , and sometimes they do use phrases that give away their german-ness . 
  but i think you need to know the other language , here german , well enough to spot the habits . 
  and also have enough time to listen to them . 
  the former . 
  jeez , you guys ca n't even understand your own language :d, 
  if you are using a mac , you can press cmd + shift +4 , then the spacebar . 
  then click on a window to screenshot it . 
  simply go to imgur.com to upload it . 
  if you are on windows 7 + , you should have something called snipping tool to take screenshots . 
  it should be self-explanatory once you open it from your windows-menu by simply typing the name . 
  the number of people with no regard for due process and rule of law is too damn high . 
  antivirus causes computer-authism . 
  i wo n't put my computer through that , only natural protection like not opening shady links . 
  well , for some . 
  tusk gave up the post of pm in poland , for example . 
  a suggestion for a compromise ... show the flag and also the hover text together ? 
  would that be possible ? 
  someone tell me that was satire . 
  please . 
  so only a fraction of the people who care enough to get a flair actually interact in the sub .
