   the tobin tax is a agood example , it has the potentual to kill the city of london - the general european response ? 
  `` who gives a shit '' . 
  gambling banks are one of the main reasons for the global crisis . 
  i understand that britain is protective of its banks but at the same time it is at fault for relying so much on that kind of business . 
  a business that ca n't handle a per-mill tax increase is probably not sustainable forever . 
  what would you like the mainland to propose instead ? 
  all in all , this does n't read like a list of show-stoppers or deal-breakers to me . 
  room for a lot of improvement , yes , but not for some of the vitriol that regularly appears . 
  britain loses a lot of political capital through its ( perceived ) position of total blockade that it could instead invest in changing the things you mentioned . 
  i 'm sure germany would like to have an ally to get rid of the strasbourg parliament but it ca n't convince france alone -- as an example . 
  it 's a bicameral system , and every country sends representatives . 
  it 's not any different from north rhine-westphalians `` dictating '' to bavarians in berlin or scots to northern-irishmen in london . 
  here it 's just different europeans in brussels/strasbourg . 
  let 's start at the end : i ca n't rule it out , of course . 
  though i spend a lot of time reading the other side 's arguments and source material ( i.e. 
  the treaties and regulations themselves ) so i think i have a rather balanced view that is closer to the `` truth '' than the average person . 
  i understand your scepticism about all the shit from all the countries  you are right here . 
  it 's just that the scepticism has not lead to a reform movement that is trying to improve things , only a rather extreme group of people that seem to want to abolish everything , including the good things . 
  it makes reform incredibly hard when you do n't debate improvements but question the entire project every time something comes up . 
  aside from the cap , can you maybe give some examples of the mess of legislation and bureaucracy that makes you say things like `` eu as it currently stands is truly shocking and an abhorent mess of legislation and bureacracy '' ? 
  aside from some telecommunication policy and bowing down when the americans ask for it , i really ca n't see what you are talking about . 
  i rarely read a piece of eu news and am that appalled by it . 
  first of all it 's not 70 % ( those numbers are made up ) . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.zparl.nomos.de/fileadmin/zparl/doc/aufsatz_zparl_08_01.pdf ) 's an essay from a german university that deals with it ( unfortunately only in german ) . 
  second : sovereignty is n't gone , it 's pooled . 
  we decide together . 
  in some areas . 
  we 're probably even `` better '' at racism and/or hating immigrants/foreigners than the americans . 
  edit : and by better i mean worse . 
   there is little debate on this subreddit , it is mostly a contest for who can be the most europhile . 
  in cases where i have backed up an opinion with evidence the point is usually ignored or treated with kid gloves `` because it 's the eu , man , they do no wrong '' . 
  perhaps you misinterpret `` the eu has so little power , the actual problems are with national governments '' as `` the eu can do no wrong '' -- sure it can , where it actually has power . 
  transmitting european flight data to the us , for example . 
  but we ca n't blame the eu for how it handles austria 's government when no institution of the eu ( neither the commission nor the parliament ; and the council * is * the assembly of the governments ) had any say in how the other governments reacted . 
   indeed , in our little debate the other day you seemed to accept un-democratic behaviour as an ok , if not desirable thing . 
  i find such views stunning . 
  we may have a misunderstanding here . 
  i do n't endorse undemocratic behaviour , at all . 
  we probably define `` undemocratic '' differently . 
  the nations of the eu are generally considered democratic , so if a decision taken in these nations is legal according to their national set of laws , and survives being challenged in court , then it can be considered democratic . 
  i also do n't agree with some of the decisions taken that way , but that in itself does not make them undemocratic . 
  maybe you can tell me what you consider democratic and what not , because so far it appears to me like the distinction you make is arbitrary . 
   the eu has very many good points i agree but it is so far from perfect to be even worse than the governments many of us northern europeans are used to and i know the uk is not the best in terms of the northerners either . 
  the ec has a [ blog ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/unitedkingdom/blog/index_en.htm ) , only for the uk ( at least i have n't seen the equivalent blog for the rest of us ) , that debunks myths spread by the british media . 
  have you considered that you may be a victim of selection or confirmation bias ? 
   so to answer your question , my arguments when made seriously in this subreddit are usually of a very good quality and i do try to back up what i say with sources - admittedly often wikipedia - which is a hell of a lot more than can be said for many folks here . 
  i do n't think any of us should judge the quality of his own comments but it `` s nice to see that you make an effort to use sources . 
  although the english wikipedia might not be the best because it often includes disputed data , for example from openeurope ( see the discussion pages of the articles ) . 
  so you would absolutely rule out that your arguments are not of such a high quality as you think ? 
  the eu has more than one department . 
  why would those that do n't have anything to do with monetary policy do something about the euro ? 
   everyone who does n't share my opinion is wrong . 
  it 's impossible that my arguments just are n't as convincing as i think . 
  thanks for the background information !, 
  [ / r/skeptic ] ( / r/skeptic ) to the rescue : http://www.reddit.com/r/skeptic/comments/miq6d/eu_bans_claim_that_water_can_prevent_dehydration/, 
  neither the swedes nor the swiss are holding anyone back . 
  the latter even stayed of the eu . 
  no one wants an undemocratic european state , so there 's no point in you arguing against it as if britain was the only one trying to stop it . 
  it 's not going to happen , we 'll shape it the way we want it . 
  what will happen is that europe will become a bunch of bickering puppet states like germany used to be before 1871 as the world continues its path to multi-polarity . 
  the us , brazil , india , china will rule the world . 
  maybe britain wants to be `` bullied '' * by them , we certainly do n't . 
  \\* there 's no bullying . 
  it 's just that players of unequal influence can never play a fair game , some people perceive that as bullying . 
  edit : it 's sad that at least 3 people downvoted me but did n't tell me what is wrong with this post : - /, 
   am i the only one that realizes representative democracy is dead in europe ? 
  yes , the rest of us hopefully get that in the described case you are supposed to get organised and found a new party . 
  what 's that ? 
  0.54 migrants per 1000 inhabitants ? 
  that ca n't be right . 
  that would be only 44000 migrants altogether in germany . 
  same goes for the uk , only 164000 ? 
  maybe annually ? 
  i still do n't see what part of the eu played a role here , but anyway : not only do n't i see anything wrong with it , i * expect * my government to not do business with governments that have such a dangerous proximity to neonazis . 
  if they can convince others to follow their example , even better . 
  neonazis and those who play them down must not be tolerated . 
  the did not tolerate the government that was formed , not the election result itself . 
  but yeah , turns out that elections actually have consequences . 
   a political elite whether you like it or not , european nations have elected parliaments and directly or indirectly elected heads of state and/or government . 
  they decide the course of their nations and are responsible to their voters . 
  referring to them as `` a political elite '' is nothing more than name calling . 
  as we can see today in this crisis , the bulk of the authority remained with the nation states : they , that is , the big ones , are calling the shots , not the commission , not the parliament . 
  proper communitisation would have been different , but no , we just needed to cater to the nationalists . 
  well , here we are . 
   it is coercion nontheless , yes it is an exageration but it is not without some similarity . 
  were the greeks intimidated out of holding a referendum by threats ? 
  i think you can make a reasonable case for saying that . 
  no , you ca n't . 
  the greeks ca n't expect free money without giving anything in return , in this case : austerity . 
  it 's perfectly reasonable for the lenders to halt payments until the other side meets your wishes . 
  the greeks themselves then scrapped the plans for a referendum . 
  it 's beyond me how you manage to turn everything around against the eu . 
  it does n't even have any of the powers necessary to be such a bully . 
   how would germany behave if one state voted to do something differently from the others ? 
  would it be bullied in to asking the question again ? 
  or would some compromise be found ? 
  germany is a federal republic with a completely different balance of power than the loose european union . 
  that question will yield no useful answer . 
   the politicians in the uk have backed down time and again from having a referendum . 
  there is no way in the uk that we can force one except outright rebellion maybe , i do n't know about other countries either unfortunately but it is not trivial to hold referenda .
