  obviously contemporary parties do n't have the power to change previous recordings easily . 
  but even though they have n't got total control of the present , taking them down should not be too hard , especially using copyright claims . 
  at least from big sites like youtube where the process is automated . 
  either way , the mindset is what counts : they are attempting to alter the records of the past to influence future events . 
  belittlement is definitely out of place . 
  straight out of 1984 . 
  and this time it 's not even hyperbole . 
  i disagree . 
  european integration has , on average , been a big plus for europe and will be even more beneficial in an increasingly multipolar world . 
  the public is not being properly informed about this . 
  we begin to see this in britain : now with the referendum on the horizon , the pro-eu side is ramping up its involvement and afaik we already see the first changes in the polls . 
  i 'll try to read this when i 'm at home . 
  my spanish is n't very good . 
  is the eu really asking for that or is it just asking for a balanced budget and your government decides to fuck the poor because that 's just easier ? 
  anyway , things like the [ working time directive ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/working_time_directive ) will apparently destroy business . 
  if that 's the case , they are vastly over-estimating the eu 's power -- in both directions . 
  i mean , its budget is only about 0.5 % of total public spending in the eu . 
  i really do n't see this happening but generally i 'm on your side in case it does become a possibility . 
  thanks for the heads up . 
  i 'll leave the reply as it is . 
  that said , i find it interesting . 
  when i hear from british or czech eurosceptics , they complain about what they perceive as socialistic tendencies . 
  you , on the other hand , complain about too much capitalism . 
  at least one of you must be wrong :-), 
  i totally agree . 
  in fact , when i became old enough to care about politics i ventured out into the internet to find answers and i really did only find the populist ones at first . 
  it was only when i simply could n't believe them and dived even deeper into academic papers and primary sources that i realised how distorted the debates had become . 
  but i understand that this is not an option for many people , and it should n't have to be . 
  politicians have a responsibility and i do n't think they are living up to it any more . 
  that 's why i like / r/europe so much . 
  it 's one of the very few places where these pan-european discussions exist . 
  yeah , i guess it 's really hard to convince people like that . 
  but i think the overwhelming majority of people is just very un-passionate about this topic and can be persuaded . 
  presenting them with solid arguments could go a long way . 
  yes , it 's the worst kind of `` argument '' there is . 
  i think it 's because sometimes the elites themselves are using the same reasoning as the populists to justify certain things and therefore they ca n't really rebuff them decisively -- unless they want to rob * themselves * of some convenient excuses . 
  it 's really really sad . 
  i think when it comes to european policy the establishment * tends * to behave more responsibly and is thus more beneficial to society than most of the anti-establishment who wants to turn back time . 
  i fully support the parts outside of the establishment that try to be constructive ... but there really are n't many . 
  you think ? 
  look around / r/europe or / r/ukpolitics or whatever you like . 
  it 's always the same `` arguments . '', 
  accounts this , unelected that , wasteful this , culture that . 
  i disagree somewhat . 
  populists offer simple `` answers '' to complex questions . 
  it 's just that the establishment should take them seriously and not just hope that people will see through their bs . 
  because apparently people do n't . 
  definitely . 
  that 's why europe used to be perfectly peaceful before the evil eu imposed its unregulated immigration on all of us . 
  they appear to be better prepared , i agree . 
  it would be easy to counter them , though , since their `` facts '' are just half-truths most of the time . 
  how unfortunate that the establishment is too uninterested or incompetent to accomplish this . 
  so , we can use the 9/11 soundtrack again ? 
  is there any chance for this entire article to just be satire ? 
  sorry , my countryman is being kind of a dick . 
  everyone understands you . 
  this is unfortunate but an expected outcome . 
  europe is a great thing but the elites have left the battlefield of public opinion to these nationalists . 
  no wonder they are advancing . 
  that 's what you get when you only care for majorities in parliament but only leave shallow sound bites for the public -- populists are just better at sound bites . 
  why would any country back pack its debts ? 
  where would conservative savers put their money if not lend it to their own country ? 
  all this talk about paying back public debt is only possible because there is nothing about ( state ) finances in the curriculum . 
  germany 's surplus is troubling , but oranges and milk are part of the highly regulated agricultural sector . 
  so , citing these examples is not useful in this context . 
  they are a special case . 
  the russians i know feel that russia is so big , it deserves to be a kind of its own . 
  did n't we try that ? 
  the irish only accepted the lisbon treaty in the second referendum after the number of commissioners was brought back to 1/country . 
  while i would n't say you are incorrect , i do believe this number alone is fairly useless . 
  fundamentally , the important information is how much funding is missing compared to the current situation , i.e. 
  how much do taxes have to go up or similar . 
  to calculate that you really need to include all numbers so that you have the net ( additional ) burden on the budget . 
  then you can ask the political question : `` do we want to raise the missing funds for that or not ? '', 
  the thing is , above a certain amount you pay back more in taxes than you receive in the form of your basic income . 
  so the calculations that go like $ requiredfundingperyear = $ swisspopulaton \\* $ income \\* 12 are n't really correct . 
  i like how he tackles the most pressing issues that turkey is facing today . 
  there really is no big difference when it comes to habeas corpus . 
  in ( parts of ) the uk , once you are charged with a crime , you can be detained for a period of time , [ up to a few months ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/powers_of_the_police_in_england_and_wales#detention_after_charge ) . 
  in germany , as a example of the mainland , you can be held in `` untersuchungshaft '' for up to 6 months . 
  in case of a conviction with prison time , time spent in `` u-haft '' will be counted towards the conviction . 
  no charge , no prolonged custody -- in both systems . 
  as for the difference between judges , jury , precedents and so on ... that 's a little over my head . 
  what i do know is this : even though civil law has more codified rules , it is still bound by precedents . 
  i have friends currently in law school , and their biggest challenge is learning all precedents . 
  because just going from code , you can pretty much reach any conclusion in a trial -- but precedents have to be respected because identical circumstances must be treated alike . 
  so in the end , i doubt it 's that different . 
  i count 4 links in that article . 
  not one of them pointing to a precise explanation of the [ eu 's alleged plans ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_public_prosecutor ) . 
  i 'm assuming that 's because they are , once again , not quite as scandalous as mr farage is trying to insinuate . 
  the best kind of lazy !, 
  okay , apple and peach . 
  that sounds delicious , but not like anything i remember seeing here . 
  what 's the syrup-y stuff on top of it ? 
  like what ? 
  also : how could you do away with paradeiser ?!? 
  it 's my favourite `` austrian german fun fact '' :-(, 
  off the top of my head , aside from apple i ca n't think of a fruit that is n't feminine . 
  vegetables are a wild mix , though , sorry . 
   speaks a lovely language , but a pain with the genders to memorise i 've been told that it gets easier if you learn words with their article , as if they were one .
