  he succeeded with his first attempt . 
  if you replace juncker with cameron , the european council with the queen , the ep with the hoc , then it 's either exactly like in britain or at least really really close . 
  norway 's government , [ by its own admission on page 3 here ] ( http://www.regjeringen.no/upload/ud/vedlegg/eu/nou2012_2_chapter27.pdf ) , implements 3/4 of the eu 's laws . 
  it could be that part of that is purely voluntary , but i doubt norway is adopting over a third of the laws it has in common with the eu without any obligation whatsoever . 
  the `` most '' is thus probably justified . 
  well , considering that the blue hue is only for the eu and the us , the uk would probably move from blue to brownish . 
  provided these numbers are authoritative . 
  you contributed more than me then . 
  vote them out . 
  right , the problem is actually with the apathetic voters . 
  yes , so ? 
  things change . 
  they always changed . 
  they 'll never stay the same . 
  might as well be humans doing the changing . 
  the west must court brazil , south africa and india more . 
  the democracies of the world have to stand together against the autocracies . 
  it 's true that the west has its own problems and apathy is probably the biggest one . 
  but that does n't make your equating of russia and the eu/us any less of a false equivalence . 
  our civil society exists and works . 
  a ) you did n't have to bring up israel because this has nothing to do with israel . 
  b ) russia reacts much harsher when it is attacked , see chechnya . 
  we must be in bizarro land today , because i agree with you . 
  no , their argument is moot because 200k/year for an existing population of ~ 63m is simply not a problem . 
  ireland 's natural growth rate ( i.e. 
  without immigration ) is * triple * that . 
  hell , britain 's own natural growth rate is around 200k/year . 
  adjusting infrastructure to such changes is perfectly doable . 
  so you 're saying there are britons who do n't use shitty tumblr gifs ? 
  scnr, 
  applications . 
  how many are accepted , though ? 
  sort of , but that was before the lisbon treaty that gave parliament much more say . 
  sorry , i was unclear , i meant the third country . 
  let 's not get into that . 
  before i continue i should say that i have dual citizenship between germany and romania and i had to give up a citizenship of a third country when i became german . 
  i 'd rather not say what country that is . 
  however , i do want to point out that even * communist * romania did n't care , although the country in question was n't even aligned with romania or the ussr . 
  having said that , the `` benefits '' you are listing mostly apply to someone who moved within germany , too . 
  * they can own land in their home state . 
  * they can vote there when they reside there . 
  if there is a problem about double voting , i could get behind an agreement to make sure no one is voting in two places . 
  * they ca n't move to more countries because their former and current home have the same visa conditions , in my case the old country is far away from having as much visa-free travel as germany , so ... : * the free travel depends on the nations in question , in my case it would n't apply . 
  * they can live in their former and current home states . 
  * they have access to both labour markets . 
  * truth be told , as much as love germany , i think in my case the other country would perhaps give a bigger shit about me than germany . 
  i guess that * could * count as a benefit . 
  although i do try not to get in trouble abroad , so , meh . 
  * i 'm not sure how the military service is a benefit . 
  * someone moving inside germany can also benefit from the health care or education systems in their former and current home . 
  do n't like bavarian schools or doctors ? 
  go back to hesse or wherever . 
  as you see , most alleged benefits are things that people who did n't move across a border simply take for granted . 
  considering that the biggest non-eu minority in germany are turks , we should look at this from their perspective . 
  i really do n't think depriving them of many of these benefits is justified . 
  thanks :-) but i did n't mean it like that . 
  just that i have become indistinguishable from native germans and been more involved with german society than many natives ever are , so `` questioning my loyalty '' or whatever is unnecessary . 
  it does n't give me benefits . 
  it simply does n't deprive me of the benefits everyone else has , like being able to return to the place of their childhood and not be a stranger there . 
  in this day and age , forcing someone to give up their other citizenship is nothing but unjust discrimination . 
  no , it 's not my fault my life 's circumstances extend across national boundaries . 
  someone coming to bavaria from hesse is not forced to choose , neither should i. i passed the citizenship test , my german is better than the average german 's i 've been politically active , i 've become more german than most germans . 
  but there 's still more to me and i ca n't and do n't want to give that up . 
  and what does this have to do with dual citizenship ? 
  a german with one passport only can study and then emigrate and a foreigner that comes to germany just for university can do that , too . 
  what advantage would that be ? 
  `` profiting '' from two passports seems to be a view exclusively held by people with only one passport . 
  for everyone with more than that , it 's a hassle . 
  how is it my fault that my life revolves around places that do n't happen to fall under only one national jurisdiction ? 
  i did n't draw the lines on the ground and i do n't see why i should be bound by them . 
  that 's the deal of the common market . 
  why should the less fortunate countries allow fierce competition from foreign companies in their markets , allow their best and brightest to be attracted away to these foreign countries , and leave them with the `` undesirables '' and reduced competitiveness ? 
  i do n't get it either . 
  what do these people do to their licence plates ? 
  the commission formally initiates all legislation , but your link specifically says that it came out of the council under the , yes , uk presidency . 
  edit : not that i want to blame the uk here . 
  many governments , including the german one , were all too eager to implement this . 
  so the german foreign minister told his soviet counterpart something a generation ago and that makes it a binding promise for all of nato for all eternity ? 
  despite the ussr collapsing * and * russia itself having been offered nato membership in the meantime ? 
  while generally i think you seem right , in the gema case , that is not entirely correct . 
  paragraph 11 ( 2 ) of the urheberrechtswahrhnehmungsgesetz forces google to either pay or leave the full amount demanded by gema in a trust fund until the matter is settled . 
  the only way not to be liable in any way is to block everything that could remotely be subject to gema demands . 
  regardless of whether the uk can overtake germany , economic power alone is not the reason for germany 's political power . 
  germany and/or france have their power in europe because they are part of the nations committed to european integration . 
  that means , perhaps above all , the common currency . 
  the uk can not hope to attain the same influence as long as it merely shouts from the sidelines . 
  the countries who loan the bailout money with strings attached will still be more influential . 
  for me it was the `` ehy '' . 
  noticeably . 
  but its language 's main influences were turkish and slavic so there are a lot of words from there . 
  it is one reason why ukip 's anti-romania campaign is so odd . 
  most romanians who wanted to get out went to italy and spain , linguistically related and warm places , not that weird rainy island up there . 
  the price for electricity at the exchange is around 4c/kwh . 
  using last year 's subsidies as a basis , the 81 twh of renewable cost germans around 12c/kwh in subsidies alone . 
  thankfully , the laws are being reformed at the moment to limit the sky-rocketing costs . 
  yes , the original talks about `` gay plague aids '' and i needed something similar . 
  thank you . 
  i 'm getting a 404 from that link . 
  a liberal continental communist federalist mep and globalist was holding a speech on josef stalin , known pro-european . 
  '' before the session begins , you must get on your knees and worship the eu and accept that it is the greatest nation the world has ever known , even greater than great britain ! '' at this moment , a brave , patriotic , nationalist dual-ukip/fn champion who had served 15 years of duty in the ep and understood the necessity of border controls and fully supported all opt-outs from the eu treaties stood up and held up a banana .
