  is it really fun though ? 
  yes , of course . 
  not just that , they just use faith as a proxy for what has traditionally been referred to as race , i.e. 
  ethnicity , skin colour , and so on . 
  structurally it 's the exact same thing , even if they replace a few words . 
  se hean mi redn , groll is wos se hegn . 
  no , you can use racism . 
  race is a made up thing anyway . 
  of course it could also happen in turkey . 
  the point is , even though these places are 99 % muslim , comparable events do n't occur that much more often . 
  they 're not just ominous international laws , they 're our own laws . 
  every single eu country world have to do this if it was in italy 's place instead . 
  get yourself [ res ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com/ ) to get some formatting tools . 
  should it surprise us that a country which an unrelenting dictator lead into a brutal civil war is now experiencing said war ? 
  or are you suggesting the turks have all gone to syria ? 
  by your reasoning , daesh should n't operate at all since basically everyone in syria and iraq is muslim . 
  evidently , that is not the case . 
  turkey or bosnia or israel or tunisia or malaysia or many other countries with many muslims do n't suffer from such attacks even though fundamentalists would most definitely consider their habits to be sinful . 
  if it was something about north africa , places like tunisia , morocco , egypt or algeria should be under constant attack from terrorists . 
  while they suffer from attacks as well , the rate is nowhere near as high as it should be when we follow your explanation . 
  additionally , while we should , of course , wait and see , i 'm betting the perpetrator is again someone born and raised in france . 
  first-generation immigrants are not known to commit such acts . 
  there is something about france and a few other places in europe that breeds this behaviour , and if we 're really serious about combating the problem , this is what we 'd look for . 
  hardly . 
  this is all homegrown . 
  it does n't happen in places like 99 % muslim turkey . 
  the way the eu is run is not a secret . 
  voting weights or decision-making procedures are not hidden . 
  france and germany can not possibly run the eu however they want . 
  not just because they do n't have a majority to impose their will , but also because they do n't even agree internally on how it should be run . 
  you know , i have a friend who you would call a brussels insider and they told me that calling the eu unworkable is a common tactic of those who were not fit for their jobs . 
  they could n't play the game and so they blamed the game instead of themselves . 
  so , the views of whoever you are referring to do n't surprise me . 
  that does n't make them correct . 
  to give an example , the bundesbank is in a minority position in the ecb council and has been for some time . 
  i 'm glad it is , and it also shows that the franco-german conspiracy ca n't be that well-organised . 
  at the end of the day , those that commit to the project can build more fruitful partnerships inside of it . 
  who will make a deal to side with someone who might be out when it 's time to pay back the favour ? 
  [ that does n't leave britain * without any influence at all , far from it ] ( http://www.britishinfluence.org/scorecard ) , but it does trap it inside a self-fulfilling prophecy of reduced influence . 
  ^ ( * in this context it means the british government getting its way , not necessarily the british people being better off ), 
  do n't know what i 'm more tired of , vague talking points that are virtually impossible to discuss and/or falsify or people conflating their identity with that of their country ( , or rather the party that happens to be in power at the time ) . 
   the uk 's membership would not have impacted that . 
  maybe . 
  or maybe if the uk government had committed to the project it could have traded its opt-out for enough political capital to have a different legal basis for the ecb . 
  britain is n't denmark . 
  the eurozone would be basically the same with or without denmark in it . 
  but it 's very very hard to know how it would have been with another big economy and central bank in it . 
  i 've written [ another , longer comment on this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/2jomjk/eu_exit_would_leave_britain_with_zero_influence/cldsmmt?context=3 ) a couple of months ago . 
  gauck has been arguing in favour of immigration and asylum seekers . 
   quick question : do royals vote ? 
    e : nevermind , just googled it this is a harmless example , but there 's nothing more annoying than searching the solution to a problem online only to find a forum thread where someone describes your problem and then just writes `` nevermind , i fixed it '' without offering the solution . 
  the title of this submission does not appear anywhere on that site . 
  editorialising is against the rules . 
  regardless , i do wonder how the european * commission * is going to push through quotas . 
  it can not impose them . 
  i do n't think it is a tangential point . 
  the perhaps most widespread colloquial term for a federation of nation states in europe is `` use '' , so people think about the usa when they hear it . 
  i agree , i just wanted to point out that it 's not a completely outlandish suggestion . 
  misguided or not , german nuclear policy has nothing to do with european energy efficiency legislation . 
  no one is stopping renewable and/or nuclear power at a european level . 
  the usa is not a unitary state . 
  france is a unitary state . 
  first of all , a federation does n't have a complete transfer of sovereignty . 
  i think you are grasping at straws . 
  in academic circles it is characterised as a quasi-federation , but in everyday life it 's not considered to be one like the usa , canada , germany , switzerland or others . 
  it 's rather clear what the question was referring to . 
  we are using too much energy . 
  by the time the market prices will have risen to a point where people in developed nations will put their coffee in a thermos flask or get a more efficient vacuum cleaner , countless people around the globe will have already starved . 
  can someone please outvote our representatives in parliament and council so we can have better internet , too ? 
  erdogan is a ceremonial president . 
  he 'd be in the council as much as gauck . 
  if you go on page 151 of [ this report ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/eb/eb81/eb81_publ_en.pdf ) , you 'll see that it 's not a small minority at all . 
  in fact , it 's even a plurality . 
  despite its name , reading is optional on reddit . 
  wikipedia says :  a federation ( from latin : foedus , gen. : foederis , `` covenant '' ) , also known as a federal state , is a political entity characterized by a union of partially self-governing states or regions under a central ( federal ) government . 
  in a federation , the self-governing status of the component states , as well as the division of power between them and the central government , are typically constitutionally entrenched and may not be altered by a unilateral decision of either party , the states or the federal political body . 
  while op 's description can be interpreted this way , it 's also vague enough to allow a unitary state that decides these things centrally . 
  i 'd like a real federation but i would n't like a unitary state . 
  i 'm glad germany is n't one . 
  help me out a bit , will you ? 
  i ca n't find anything about a natural unemployment rate behind that link . 
  we 're waiting for turkey to fulfil the copenhagen criteria , the ball is n't in the eu 's court . 
  no , i 'm not in favour of a completely centralised europe . 
  schools or health care do n't have to be centrally organised . 
  minimum standards and mutual recognition in such matters are enough . 
  edit : just to clarify , i am a euro-federalist , but do n't go overboard . 
  if you are still there on saturday evening and interested in science , there 's the [ long night of the sciences ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/munich/comments/3aezir/27th_of_june_long_night_of_the_sciences_pdf/ ) at the technical university campus . 
  someone ^ tm should make a euroball-version . 
  the arguments against federalisation are often not very coherent . 
  not always , but often . 
  generally by people who made up their mind first and looked for arguments afterwards , instead of the other way around . 
  you get used to it after a while . 
  decisions about europe will be made by europeans . 
  decisions about austria will still be made by austrians . 
  a federation separates the two sets of issues . 
   and it 's vastly more different than the us , which took a civil war to unite . 
  we have * nothing * as divisive as the question of slavery . 
  this puts the `` euro-crisis '' in perspective . 
  for example , in the first graph spain is shown to have had a similar unemployment rate before the euro in the mid-90s as it has today , yet its current unemployment rate is attributed by some to the common currency . 
  the same goes for youth unemployment in the fifth plot .
