  that 's why all members are allowed to limit migration for 7 years when the eu expands . 
  most countries did that both in 2004 and 2007 . 
  the uk did n't do it in 2004 , though . 
  this was a domestic decision . 
   firewood i do n't know the answers to most of what you wrote , i just want to point out that big , compact buildings are easier to heat than smaller ones . 
  that 's because the surface area of objects scales with ^ 2 while the volume increases with ^ ( 3 ) . 
  since you lose heat through the surface , but want to keep a volume heated , bigger objects have an easier time to stay warm than smaller ones . 
  funny , there is a short clip that explains fusion in the same way , with a teacher and a class looking back at the beginnings . 
  except , production value is incredibly low and it 's just embarrassing . 
  i 'm happy this is so great . 
  this would be a cool flag for the island : http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2k426y/the_french_republics_border_with_the_kingdom_of/clhpiwu, 
  you could have gone with $ or # and you decided to go with $ ? 
  the total sum should n't change as it 's just a correction for some countries paying too little and some paying too much in the past few years . 
  yeah , this is incredibly irritating . 
  the complete disregard for the most basic of facts paints a devastating picture about the maturity of not just this subreddit . 
  first of all , the amounts themselves already tell us that this ca n't possibly be related to recent changes economic performance , because the sums are in the tens of percent of the respective country 's contributions and none of our economies changed their size by that much in relation , not even over the last several years . 
  since several articles point to updated calculations all the way to 1995 , this is most definitely a relatively small sum that has accumulated over 19 years of differing accounting . 
  we can wait for an official release , but i would be surprised if we 'd learn something beyond that . 
  then , the same ft article states that the british government was informed a week ago , so we can all speculate why they are now feigning surprise and outrage . 
  it is to be expected that the other governments have also been informed in time . 
  personally , i can imagine them planning for people like you to find the commission incompetent by seemingly surprising the national governments ... and apparently it worked . 
  finally , the resistance of the parties does n't surprise me . 
  what would surprise me is if they had condemned the other recalculations that apparently were to their country 's benefit . 
  i do n't feel inclined to follow your red herring any further . 
  this is n't about changes to the economic performance of anyone , just a communally agreed harmonisation of the way we measure said economic performance . 
  all changes stem from accounting discrepancies that are now resolved , not actual economic changes . 
  the countries that are asked to pay more did n't pay their fair share so far , the countries that get money back paid too much . 
  thus , the only thing interesting is the penultimate sentence in [ this article ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-29754168 ) : `` the uk has received rebates in the past as a result of this process . '', 
  this is about a recalculation of gdp due to changing standards . 
  it has nothing to do with changes in economic performance . 
  the budget rules you are bringing up are eurozone issues and have nothing to do with anyone 's contribution to the eu budget . 
  not sure why you are bringing this up now , it does n't affect the uk in any sense . 
  the eurozone contributes 50bn more to the eu budget than it takes out and the netherlands are actually a eurozone country that is also set to contribute more due to the recalculation . 
  the eurozone narrative does n't add up one bit . 
  oh no , the others could pay , and the netherlands -- a * eurozone * country -- have also been informed that their contribution was too low and that they , too , will have to pay in a bit more . 
  but it 's not what has been * agreed * . 
  why is it that agreement suddenly do n't mean a thing any more when they are n't to someone 's benefit in all aspects at all times ? 
  edit : also , the entire eurozone is a big net contributor to the eu anyway , giving around 50 billion more per year than it takes in in 2012 . 
  if the gdp recalculations happened with the approval of all member states and with the concept of tying contributions to gdp also being accepted by all member states , this would just be a blatant break of our agreements that would n't hold up in a court . 
  you 'd vote out now that your country is being asked to pay up what it agreed to pay ? 
  guess i 'm one of today 's [ lucky 10000 ] ( http://xkcd.com/1053/ ) then . 
  probably more like 15000-20000 in europe , but anyway . 
  good night . 
  also : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2k4pu8/the_italian_man_who_went_to_malta_129/, 
  i rarely laugh at things i see on reddit , but this was hilarious . 
  post it as an extra submission before i do it :-), 
  putin probably has the europe scoring card on his hand -- which you have to play by the end of the turn -- and he needs to control ukraine or else usa will get dominate in europe and then reach 20 victory points . 
  his hands are tied , really . 
  i think that explains it . 
  my mac does n't have gotham , so it moves down the list to helvetica : http://i.imgur.com/d8ceqji.png, 
  the tweet is fake . 
  it 's not on the embassy feed and there is no evidence it ever existed except a screenshot that you can create in 30 seconds . 
  faking documents to incriminate jews has a long tradition among antisemites , with the perhaps most famous example being the protocols of the elders of zion . 
  perhaps on your computer , but on mine ( os x yosemite , firefox aurora 35 ) it really looks like that . 
  i only edited the html live in the browser , so it 's really the same font . 
  the embassy obviously posted this offensive tweet just to delete it immediately afterwards so they can threaten legal action against everyone who publishes a screenshot and complain about anti-semitism . 
  [ yes , that just * has * to be what happened . 
  if you think the other parties to the agreement will continue dishing out tens of billions of euro to poland while it does n't uphold its end of the agreement , you are being very na\u00efve . 
  yes , but you know what happens when you always cry wolf -- everyone loses . 
   `` landflucht '' is probably already a bigger threat than most people realize it . 
  i think this world would be better off with much more landflucht because urban dwellers in comparably dense cities use so much less energy and resources that the environment will thank us for letting it be and moving into the city . 
  yeah , better than nothing . 
  but they could also build more buildings the same size as the olympic village north of it , near oberwiesenfeld . 
  there 's nothing there except decaying industrial ruins ( few of them still in operation ) and bushes , many bushes . 
  attractive cities will attract people until they lose their attractiveness . 
  making munich shitty is the only way to stop people from coming here and definitely not a good plan to keep it a nice city . 
  i do n't think they 're all ugly , so there 's that . 
  as for the second part , actually yes . 
  you get to live there , i get to live there , who are we to tell others that they ca n't live there ? 
  aside from that , it 's not like you can erect a border around the city . 
  in the meantime , we are at a point where people like nurses have problems finding flats . 
  this housing shortage can not continue much longer or it 'll make the city simply unliveable by pushing out essential workers . 
  beauty is in the eye of the beholder , but all people need flats . 
  munich already has something like that in its north , just not as deliberately put together as paris . 
  instead , it 's spread out from west to east ( o2 tower , olympiazentrum , bmw-vierzylinder , highlight-tower , hvb tower , to name the most obvious examples ) . 
  in the city centre perhaps , but there 's absolutely no problem building high rises north of mittlerer ring , for example . 
  it 's already full of apartment buildings and industrial complexes . 
  edit : munich needs something kind of like [ paris ' la d\u00e9fense ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/la_d%c3%a9fense#mediaviewer/file:la-d%c3%a9fense-skyline.jpg ) . 
   i will not rest until munich looks like athens . 
  king ludwig i of bavaria ( who apparently always kept his promises ) on a more serious note , as the article points out , munich simply needs more housing . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  rents are so high , city council only needs to relax the building code in certain areas to allow high rises and private investors would build like crazy . 
  i get mad every time i see another construction site for another building with just 4-5 stories . 
  coincidentally , most construction workers seem to be from less affluent parts of europe , so we could help us and helm them by building more in munich . 
   any man who must say , `` i am the king '' is no true king . 
  who is that and what did they do to the real telegraph ? 
  despotism 101 , step 1 : conflate the people 's identity with your own so they jump to your defence when someone attacks you . 
   my poor knowledge of english you 're being too modest . 
  nononono , you must have missed the memo !, 
  they 're all either economic migrants who want to steal our jobs and leech our generous welfare states dry ( somehow simultaneously , the sly bastards ) , or they 're the vanguard of daesh , just waiting to subdue us when the time is right . 
  either way , they 're not people who are genuinely trying to escape areas of conflict !, 
  because then we 'd have to do something , and , despite always harping on about human rights and all that other crap that we pretend our civilisation is based on , we do n't really want to . 
  scnr, 
  a unitary state is something like france where basically everything is decided in one place . 
  you can put that there , but i 'd be amazed if you 'd find even one person who wants that :-d, 
  for example . 
  really , many euro - `` sceptic '' arguments are easy to counter because they are just not rooted in reality . 
  what remains ( generally not much ) probably really needs to be addressed -- and for the sake of credibility , it might not be a bad idea to include them at some point . 
  a kind of faq that dispels the usual euromyths . 
  i appreciate your willingness to compromise , and with no offence intended : the entire thing does n't make sense .
