  why not schwarzenegger ? 
  he already maxed out his political career in america . 
  this is so ridiculously retarded on * so * many levels . 
  wait , are you talking about the world wars ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  you must be out of your mind . 
  the english version is probably more prevalent . 
  i think america is still in the `` can you europeans please get your shit together so we can turn somewhere else '' - phase and wo n't have such a problem with that . 
  they need a strong europe to counter the other emerging powers , especially an autocratic china . 
  not really . 
  not that this was on purpose . 
  but off the top of my head i ca n't think of any other recent slogan or ad that uses three items that start with `` ein '' . 
  it still made me chuckle . 
  the commission has no say in its power . 
  if the member states change the treaties , that 's it . 
  my observations tell me that italians do both , though they do n't acknowledge it :-), 
  can i apply to debate farage on tv ? 
  yeah , i hear the differences in spain are pretty big , to the point where there 's no `` spanish '' to speak of . 
  is that true ? 
  i know the basque and catalans have their own languages , but do the rest all speak more or less the same spanish ? 
  sounds legit . 
  i 'm originally from romania , too . 
  even if that story were true , she should appreciate the investments in infrastructure and the incentives for fighting corruption a bit more . 
  yeah , that 's somewhat less impressive because there 's an ocean in-between . 
  you forgot [ this ] ( http://24.media.tumblr.com/34f74d07876133891f197b87b345a282/tumblr_mnlyfejp7c1stuqhto1_1280.gif ) . 
  one of these : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/23mvnu/antieu_posters_for_uk_local_elections_xpost_from/cgyu211?context=1, 
  i agree . 
  the competitors and the media should call ukip out on their misinformation campaign . 
  the number by itself is irrelevant . 
  so you have 3 laws about produce classification and one law about national conscription . 
  are the 75 % really going to be more important to your life ? 
  hardly . 
  local identities remain in federations . 
  that 's their point . 
  texans are still texans , bavarians are still bavarians and so on . 
  your line of reasoning is unfounded . 
  norway pays for its access to the common market . 
  less than the wealthy full members , but still . 
  then again , they do n't have a say in how the money is distributed . 
  or https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ysffu5apvg or https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_2vufqixlvw ... people seem to really like this skit . 
  so knp will pay back all the subsidies poland has received from the reu ? 
  i 'm sorry my stupid joke is rated higher than your useful and informative post . 
  this is about the free movement of labour in the european common market , not opening borders to the entire world . 
  laws discriminating between european workers are just as illegal in the common market . 
  this is a lesson every developed economy learns sooner or later : you ca n't cling to jobs that someone abroad can do just as well for less money . 
  luckily , this mainly is n't about these jobs . 
  you ca n't off-shore construction jobs or cleaners or plumbers because they are needed on-shore . 
  considering that a minimum wage is simply a national law while immigration restriction is currently illegal , it 's certainly not easier . 
  the other eu countries have to accept british workers , britain has to accept other eu workers . 
  sounds fair to me . 
  how did you get so many downvotes ? 
  it 's really a straightforward solution . 
  foreigners undercutting local workers because they demand lower wages ? 
  raise the minimum wage so foreign workers ' wages are not below the locals ' wages . 
  i 'd be really curious to hear why someone would feel the need to downvote you . 
  you use it all . 
  the . 
  time . 
  my italian colleagues did n't believe me until i started pointing out when they used it . 
  they asked me to stop after a day or two . 
  yeah , you are right in that regard . 
  personally , i did notice that schulz is trying to do just that , though i 'm probably too familiar already with the brusselsese to notice how well he succeeds at it . 
  what i do know , though , is that , in the other extreme , people like farage need to be fact checked a little more by the media , e.g. 
  [ like in this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7fyqlyxghau ) . 
  c : \\ users \\ ecrat \\ veryeconomics \\ muchcompetence \\ suchboundaries.xls, 
  bridging the gap between professionals and the people on the street should be the media 's job . 
  they should keep the politicians in check and not let charismatic ones twist the public around their little finger . 
  democracy does n't work so well if it is reduced to a popularity contest . 
  unless you asked everyone you saw about their ethnicity , you ca n't know that . 
  [ this man ] ( http://i.imgur.com/x9ysq1t.jpg ) is a roma ( ian hancock ) , [ the woman on the right here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/abcbytv.jpg ) is a roma , too ( petra rosenberg ) . 
  they have neither dark skin , nor extraordinary facial features or fashion . 
  really , no offence , but i did hope that this visual classification of race nonsense would have died with the nazis . 
  it 's not a reliable method by any measure . 
  it can be an indication , but that 's it . 
  you ca n't spot properly integrated roma . 
  they look and behave like everyone else . 
  can you ... put the downvote button on the other side of the comment ? 
  so you have to move your cursor substantially to downvote ? 
  i did n't downvote , but if i had to take offence with something it would be the last two sentences . 
  they just spread fud , denying the possibility that a majority of ukrainians legitimately want their country to turn westwards so they , too , can have a better life . 
  does it deserve downvotes ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  does it deserve upvotes ? 
  i do n't think so either . 
  it did n't contribute that much to the discussion . 
  the 5 points in your screenshot would imho be more appropriate than the 17 it has now . 
  or rather because no one can tell when they have a positive experience with them because there 's nothing noteworthy about it . 
  probably ca n't even tell that the experience * was * with a roma if it was n't negative . 
  i agree . 
  i do n't think a forum comparable to this subreddit exists somewhere else . 
  it 's somewhat ironic that the only place for pan-european discussions is on an american website . 
  how much evidence is there for such a behaviour occuring in online forums though ? 
  it 's not like there 's an atmosphere that we can all feel here . 
  i 'm not aware of any western democracy that has actually written down the rules for these gentlemen 's agreements , so i would n't demand it from ukraine either . 
  itt : people who know little about parliaments . 
  all the important things happen before the final vote and are already decided . 
  the majorities , especially in parliamentary systems , are already clear . 
  in germany , mps will make a deal so that at the final vote the true proportions of the bundestag will be respected , even if not everyone shows up . 
  it gives mps more time for the important things , like learning about the legislation they are responsible for or meeting constituents . 
  not mine , unfortunately .
