  i fully agree that hungary should not be left alone with the problem and that the current asylum system is broken . 
  however , when hungary 's premier tries to shift the blame entirely onto others that are trying to help him * and * block any potential solutions , then that 's an even bigger problem , too . 
  hopefully tomorrow 's meeting brings us closer to a lasting solution . 
  \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af what can i say , in another post i linked to an article explaining that the german government absolutely expects hungary to process all refugees and that it is offering to send help if hungary ca n't cope by itself . 
  i think we all know where that went . 
  nothing germany might say relieves other member states of their obligations under european law simply because germany has no authority to do so . 
  how certain media outlets choose to portray the hungarian government 's `` processing '' is also no excuse . 
  they did , for example http://news.yahoo.com/germany-says-migrants-arriving-hungary-must-register-103245573.html ... that was two weeks ago , and government officials have been repeating it regularly ever since . 
  recently they even instructed the embassies in the middle east to correct any misinformation that might float around : https://translate.google.de/translate?sl=de&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=de&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fde.reuters.com%2farticle%2fdomesticnews%2fiddekcn0rd0ja20150913&amp;edit-text=&amp;act=url besides , the german government has absolutely no authority to relieve hungary of its duties under european law . 
  nothing that germany might have said would allow hungary to simply let the refugees through without proper processing . 
  there has never been an open invitation , just an announcement not to deport asylum applicants automatically back to hungary , greece , italy or other peripheral states . 
  that would have been germany 's right under the current rules : to leave the these countries alone with the influx . 
  unfortunately certain governments decided to interpret this as an open invitation to cease the proper processing of refugees and allow them to reach further into the eu completely unhindered . 
  how they managed to spin * that * into germany 's fault is beyond me . 
  no , it 's just temporary as sanctioned by the treaties . 
  apparently police sources claim that the controls will consist of the federal police making preliminary checks on the spot to determine eligibility for asylum to relieve downstream authorities . 
  people are behaving rationally right now , they try to get to the countries that they believe offer them save haven . 
  change the circumstances and let them know , and it changes the flows . 
  there 's no need to physically hold anyone . 
  but even if , the biggest challenge is processing a surge of new arrivals . 
  if some of them would dribble westwards over several months or years , it would be way less problematic . 
  once registered into the european asylum system , a refugee will not receive benefits in another country , except a ticket back to where he has to go . 
  the fear of this is why so many refuse to be registered anywhere except their desired destination . 
  if we abolish registration in a single country and do it all together , that option disappears entirely . 
  germany has something like that between its 16 states ; all the new arrivals are distributed across the country , albeit sluggishly . 
  though i think it would still be smart to allow applicants to voice a wish + justification and perhaps grant that wish if it makes sense ( e.g. 
  if someone has established family somewhere it would be counterproductive to not let them get back together ) . 
  there 's no new gas deal , just the private owner of the existing pipeline adding extra pipes . 
  the eu also did n't simply reject the idea , the implementation of the whole package will take several years . 
  but even if it did reject one idea , it 's just one aspect out of many . 
  it 's dishonest to reduce the existing relationship to this alone . 
  they do : https://translate.google.de/translate?sl=de&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=de&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.bundesregierung.de%2fcontent%2fde%2fartikel%2f2015%2f03%2f2015-03-23-energieunion.html&amp;edit-text=&amp;act=url merging a continental energy system does n't happen overnight . 
  he 's french , not scottish or swabian . 
  because there is too much strain for some countries and we can deal with this more easily and much better if we spread them out a bit more . 
  well , according to eurostat , over 2000 people already applied for asylum in romania in the last two years . 
  around half seem to be syrian . 
  looks like it 's already more popular than we think !, 
  the non-integrated roma are a special case of vicious circle . 
  rejected by society they survive at its edges , which in turn makes society reject them even more , and so on . 
  it 's not applicable to this group . 
  i just know how governments work . 
  if romania 's government wanted to find the money to pay for these schoolbuses , it would have found it . 
  it has nothing to do with the expenses for the refugees . 
  these `` arguments '' are pretextual . 
  but there are two things i need to add : * the groups are n't really large . 
  at 6000 people a year , romania would n't reach my current city 's ( munich ) number of muslims for another 17 years . 
  most if not almost all romanians will continue to have absolutely no contact to any refugee . 
  * romania and all of eastern europe have the luxury of not being the first ones to welcome foreigners and they can build on the experience of other countries and avoid their mistakes . 
  dude , i 'm not your nemesis and spamming me with links does n't make you more convincing , it only makes you a contender for / r/cringe . 
  i 've responded to one of them properly , feel free to collect the others into that one . 
  i 'm not forgetting that and neither have the people behind the quotas , which is why it 's coupled to the economic performance as well as the unemployment rate . 
  last time i was hospitalised in romania was more than 10 years ago and , yeah , it was n't the prettiest place , i agree . 
  i also agree that schoolchildren should n't have to walk 10km to school . 
  i also think that romania is losing out on up to 20 billion euros in tax revenue every year due to graft ( estimated from [ this report ] ( http://www.againstcorruption.eu/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/anticorrp-policy-paper-on-lessons-learnt-1_protected1.pdf ) ) and that the highest estimates of the costs of the refugees amount to less than a thousandth of that ( estimated using unemployment benefit payments assuming no one works ) . 
  civil society would find the money for its schools and hospitals very quickly if it turned its wrath towards those that are stealing from it , instead of allowing exactly the group that does the stealing to deflect their anger towards a few refugees . 
  let 's not fall for the obvious divide et impera strategy and pit different groups of needy people against each other . 
  i 'm romanian myself and i remember facing some discrimination purely because of my origin . 
  i like to think that i 've dispelled quite a few stereotypes about my old country . 
  it irritates me incredibly to see my own countrymen rehash similar prejudices against a third group now . 
  merkel does n't run this place even if the media are trying to break it down to such an easy story . 
  every single government and the eu machinery on top of it , they all have their own dynamics , interest groups , and so on . 
  the same was true during the greek situation . 
  germany and its government are simply the most prominent actor on the stage , but they 're still just one actor out of many more . 
  having said that , the countries that have pooled their rights to make a decision in the community will accept the community 's decision or the community is not worth preserving in this form anyway . 
  it 's not like finding the necessary majority across the community is any less legitimate than finding it in a single member state alone -- not after the very same member states delegated that decision to the community . 
  but , let 's get real for a second : a ) the reform is not just about shuffling people around but has several other components like tightening border security and helping out the peripheral states and b ) the romanian gov , for instance , is complaining about being asked to host 6000 refugees -- were this to continue at the same speed , romania would be home to as many muslims as munich alone has today in ... 17 years . 
  if this almost symbolic request for burden-sharing is enough to `` collapse the eu '' , so be it . 
  personally , i do n't think it 's even remotely realistic . 
  the vast majority of ee residents will notice absolutely * nothing * of the few thousand people being distributed to their country and their governments can only keep up the frenzy for so long before people realise it does n't actually affect them in any tangible way and will return to caring about what matters to them . 
  and about half of the expected 800k are expected to be ... europeans from the balkans . 
   [ merkel ] did n't invite anyone . 
  ( ... ) germany ( ... ) decided not to send syrians back to greece/italy/etc . 
  or wherever they were registered first . 
  quoted for emphasis . 
  the way some eu governments are trying to spin something that helps them into something negative is repulsive . 
  the proposal is to change the law since it has proven to be inadequate . 
  the equivalent of not changing the law would have been to attempt to seal the border for eastern europeans instead of welcoming them/us into the union . 
  we have that . 
  the european parliament has indicated support for the quotas and since spain and france have signalled agreement as well , it looks like the qualified majority could also be met in the council . 
  yes , the vast majority of poles and romanians are n't murderers and the same applies to the vast majority of muslims . 
  hungary is at the border but both refuses a solution that would communalise border protection while it itself appears unable to police the border according to the agreements it has signed up to . 
  the videos mentioned in the submission do n't come from traditional media but spread across social media . 
  what you are insinuating is a conspiracy : a ( potentially secret ) agreement of several parties planning to do something harmful against a third party . 
  in this case , exaggerate events in hungary to tarnish its image and cover up similar events in the conspiring countries . 
  it 's just far more likely that said events simply do n't occur in germany or austria or sweden . 
  there just are n't tents sprawling uncontrolled from processing camps in these countries , there are n't understaffed squads of police throwing food around because they lack the resources to channel the refugees into orderly queues . 
  yes , there 's a giant conspiracy by the governments of germany , austria , sweden , turkey and jordan and their respective media outlets to undermine hungary . 
  that 's obviously way more likely than the hungarian government just simply mismanaging the situation . 
  you do understand that the two redditors you are responding to are just making shit up as they go to disparage muslims , right ? 
  none of this mosque nonsense will be an issue and it 's a very smart decision to help them integrate by maximising contact with the native inhabitants . 
  i hope the assessment in your first paragraph is correct . 
  it 's not meaningless . 
  a state is a tool for a community of people to act together . 
  our union the is the same thing for a bigger community of people as well as their existing states . 
  in the first case , there are expenses that do n't benefit everyone -- i have nothing from streets on the other side of the country being maintained . 
  yet , i must contribute to that . 
  in the second case , there are also expenses that do n't benefit everyone , like supporting the peripheral states when they face a surge of refugees . 
  there is nothing unethical or immoral about setting up our decision-making processes in such a way that a qualified majority can agree on a solution and then obligate the whole community to follow . 
  democracies around the world operate on that basis . 
  finally , if the criteria are incomplete , then that , too , can be resolved through negotiations .
