  you 'll kill him last ? 
  the spying on the citizens happens in cooperation with other intelligence agencies who interfere with internet services , not military bases . 
  well , it looks like this alleged boycott is n't actually correct , so i 'll just focus on the rest . 
  hamas shooting the rockets without aim is not because of the goodness of their hearts but because of the israeli blockade . 
  they lack the equipment . 
  before that , hamas sent even suicide bombers -- and they still try to , through the tunnels to kill civilians . 
  as you said , they also use un schools , hospitals and residential areas for their rocket launches , which means these places are really not neutral . 
  israel can not be expected to just take the attacks because hamas starts them from inside civilian centres . 
  when israel retaliates and hits these centres , the blame lies with hamas . 
  they start these useless attacks knowing that retaliation will come ( and only retaliation , they ca n't actually beat israel this way ) . 
  they do n't wear uniforms , so every body found is a `` civilian '' they can exploit for propaganda . 
  and you really fall for that . 
  unbelievable . 
  finally , of course israel just wants to leave gaza alone . 
  hell , they tried to give it back to egypt in 1979 , but egypt refused . 
  they unilaterally retreated from gaza in 2005 and only got rockets , suicide bombings and kidnappings in return , which only got under control with the blockade . 
  meanwhile , israel supplies most of the foodstuffs , water and electricity to gaza . 
  they even restored the latter after a hamas rocket destroyed a power line a week or so ago !, 
  you really need to get your facts straight . 
  hamas does n't wear uniforms and stages its attacks from inside civilian population centres . 
  when you cite their casualty numbers , you are only playing into their hands . 
  well , how is china being boycotted ? 
  or saudi-arabia ? 
  or russia , really ? 
  we still buy their gas . 
  also , you criticise my post for equating the state of israel with jews ( although it is the self-proclaimed jewish state ) , while you seem okay with supervalu boycotting all israeli products even if their producers might not agree with their government . 
  finally , hamas is the side that is sending rockets indiscriminately into civilian areas , hamas is building tunnels to kidnap israelis and send suicide bombers . 
  israel , on the other hand , wants nothing more than to be left alone by gaza . 
  thus i think your sentence contains a false equivalence . 
  there are many places in this world where human rights violations occur and if you choose to boycott only the jewish party of the one conflict where the only jewish state defends itself against terrorists who use human shields and no uniforms to keep the `` civilian '' casualty number high , well , you 're probably an antisemite . 
  perhaps not intentionally , but then again the road to hell is paved with good intentions . 
  i 'm sure supervalu withdraws products from all regions and countries that are suspected of grave human rights violations and does n't just focus on jews . 
  sounds like gangsta rap . 
  fellow redditors , you know what this guy is ? 
  eurocracy material !, 
  five times and you get a sticker to express that you never learned how to drive . 
  you are swapping cause and effect . 
  gaza was not under blockade at all until the first intifada and today 's level of blockade only came about after hamas took power and continuously attacked israel . 
  funny , israel gave up its settlements in gaza and in return they get tunnels and rockets trying to kill them . 
  israel has demonstrated willingness to disengage , and has gained nothing in return . 
  i concede that the arrests of many palestinians following the kidnapping was probably unnecessary . 
  but let 's be honest here , this would only have postponed the current flare-up of the conflict , not prevented it . 
  i 'm not sure what the sentence about `` surrender from the pa that conceded all the settlements and the right of return '' means . 
  perhaps you could re-phrase that . 
  no , there is no indication that this would n't have happened if israel recognised palestine as a state . 
  hamas is not in control of an actual state and yet it attacks israel . 
  absolutely nothing suggests they would stop if they had formal recognition . 
  there 's nothing to negotiate with a group that does n't recognize israel 's legitimacy . 
  you ca n't compromise with someone who wants nothing less than your destruction because any kind of compromise would be a complete defeat for that someone . 
  next , equating israelis and palestinians to nazis and jews is nothing short of repulsive . 
  israel wants nothing more than to be left alone . 
  they would have gladly given back gaza to egypt , but even they did n't want them . 
  finally , palestinians * are * in fact victims here . 
  but the mistake is to think that they are victims of israel when in reality their enemies are hamas . 
  instead of giving up they continue this hopeless fight . 
  hamas ' rockets and tunnels can not possibly beat israel , their attacks * only * serve to provoke israel to be able to point at all the alleged civilian victims for propaganda purposes when israel does retaliate . 
  and people like you really fall for that cheap tactic and blame the idf instead of hamas . 
  it 's baffling . 
  to go back to your nazi analogy , at least the nazis gave up when germany was beaten . 
  even they had enough common sense to know when it 's time to give up fighting . 
  if the gaza leadership had given up violent resistance in 2005 and started turning gaza around , the blockade would have been lifted and today gaza would be on its way to being one of the most prosperous places in the arab world . 
  instead , it is what it is . 
  you invade one teeny-tiny part of a country and try to destabilise another by supporting insane insurgents and suddenly everyone 's against you . 
  geez . 
  like , * so * unfair . 
  yes , it does , that 's why i jumped to your support . 
  what do you mean , `` your '' ? 
  do all bavarians look alike to you ? 
  and romania , and slovakia , and poland . 
  and then there 's the other eu states that border russia further north . 
  oh well , sorry , did n't realise you were a part-time sociologist ... 
  why are you doing this ? 
  this is absolutely not what i wrote `` in other words . '', 
  do you just want to hate muslims , is that it ? 
  are you even interested in discussing a solution to this challenge or why do you feel the need to post here ? 
  no , there is no perfect solution to turning everyone into middle class . 
  throwing money at the problem wo n't magically accomplish that . 
  but we can break cultural barriers and reduce the need to cling to something nasty , for example by encouraging [ things like that ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2014/07/31/world/europe/in-sweden-dinners-melt-cultural-barriers.html ) . 
  / u/spanishninjitsu answers this in the second sentence of his post . 
  it 's not like this is an exclusively muslim phenomenon . 
  for example , there are also lower class people in east germany who turn into neonazis . 
  people cling to whatever they find or is offered to them . 
   suddenly it does matter , does n't it ? 
  yes , but we have to ask ourselves whether the interests of individuals really justify censoring information for everyone . 
  in the beginning , i was unsure , but now i think it is n't . 
  especially not without a proper process that clearly states who and what can be forgotten under which circumstances . 
  at the moment , google just does its thing hoping to avoid another law suit . 
  that 's just not a good way of going about this . 
  hamas & co. have to be brought to justice first and foremost . 
  edit : you all must recognize that none of this would have happened if hamas would n't have used its precious resources for building tunnels into israel , if hamas had n't shot or allowed rockets to be shot into israel , if hamas would n't hide its fighters within civilian population centres . 
  israel left gaza almost 10 years ago and they want nothing more than to go their separate ways . 
  hamas is preventing that . 
  hamas , not israel . 
  no flag , no country , you ca n't have one !, 
  those are the rules ... that i just made up ! ... and i 'm backing it up with this gun , that was lent to me from the national rifle association . 
  that is a good thread . 
  thanks for bringing it to my attention . 
  what makes a group deserving is not up to you . 
  all other nations made it this way , some with land from the brits , some with weapons from the yanks , some with land and weapons from others . 
  all the jews want ( ed ) was a place they could call home and run themselves .
