  over 50 % of europeans claim to speak it to some degree . 
  everyone else is behind . 
  also , the rest of the world likes it , too . 
  [ oh you !, 
  then use english ? 
  we changed because more people joined and brought new issues . 
  i suggest you ( yes , you ) do the same . 
  this does n't sound right but i do n't know enough about it to dispute it . 
  the political nightmare is home-grown . 
  as for the cost , not everyone needs an id card , only those who would like to travel within europe . 
  such an id card can be less expensive than a passport . 
  additionally , reducing intra-european border checks reduces costs as well , no ? 
  and finally , removing border controls is also a powerful symbol . 
  i 'm afraid it 's not . 
  you can dig a hole in the ground and get oil out . 
  that makes it not only an energy carrier but also an energy source . 
  there is no place on earth where you can find hydrogen , you need to make it by supplying the energy first . 
  that means that hydrogen is an energy * carrier * as well , but it 's not a source . 
  so you need to switch from ( oil ) to ( hydrogen + some actual energy source ) . 
  hydrogen is a way to store energy , but it does n't grow on trees . 
  you need to make it , i.e. 
  store energy obtained somewhere else in it . 
  for example , generate hydrogen through electrolysis using electricity from wind power . 
  then you need the wind power first . 
   common travel area who is the main proponent in favour of the cta instead of schengen ? 
  it seems odd to me that iceland is part of schengen but the british isles are n't . 
  there 's a problem with your claim . 
  it 's not an assumption . 
  the evidence is right above my own post . 
  and , since i 'm in fact a bit involved in politics , i 've seen my fair share of people who were not reasoned into a position and thus ca n't be reasoned out of it -- at least not over the web . 
  just to be clear , i will not continue this debate . 
  not because i ca n't , it 's easy to refute everything you wrote . 
  but i can see there 's just no way this will change your mind . 
  so , yeah , how unfortunate to see that we have a european variant of the tea party . 
  this is the dark side of american cultural hegemony . 
  we get all the good stuff , but we also get the stupid stuff like unquestioning belief in the free market . 
  from http://www.klaus.cz/clanky/3021:  1 . every country has to participate in the co-financing of this large , expensive , highly bureaucratic organization ; yes , very expensive . 
  the entire budget is $ 120bn/yr , and the czech republic is a net recipient so it gets more out that it puts in . 
  aside from that , the entire eu employs fewer people than , say , the city of cologne . 
  hardly `` large '' . 
   2 . there are non-negligible domestic costs as a result of the membership ( bureaucratic paper work and all kinds of similar requirements , the need to organize endless conferences , meetings , trips abroad , to finance the artificially created eu jobs , etc. 
  ) ; that 's actually your ( klaus ' ) and your colleagues ' achievement : you do n't want to strengthen the common institutions like the parliament which would eliminate the need for all these intergouvernamental conferences . 
   3 . the import of a very heavy and , therefore , economic activity undermining legislation based on excessive regulation , controlling , harmonization , standardization , subsidization ; a common market needs common rules . 
   4 . the implementation of an overgenerous and therefore demotivating european welfare system . 
  the eu has nothing to do with social programmes . 
  and this does n't even address the fact that he denies anthropogenic climate change , which should be a red flag to everyone . 
  it 's scientific consensus . 
  if a politician denies it , it 's clear that he is unable to think straight . 
  either because he 's corrupt or because he 's stupid . 
  i ca n't say what applies to klaus , so i 'll leave that to you . 
  it 's late here , so good night . 
  how could you possibly have * any * idea where i get my news from ? 
  right . 
  instead of mentioning any of those arguments you just insinuate that i 'm just too uneducated to * understand * klaus ' genius . 
  well done . 
  good points ? 
  he 's europhobic and believes climate change is a religion . 
  someone on the internet who does n't share my humour called me an idiot . 
  [ ouh , ruined mah day !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tg4f9zr5yzy#t=134 ), 
  holding two european passports i am happy that nowadays i do n't have to choose but can just identify as `` european '' . 
  other than that i , of course , see myself as bavarian , because bavarian identity is best identity . 
  i am shocked that someone like wilders might not be the most democratic politician . 
  shocked , i say . 
  no , it really does n't . 
  we ca n't even oust a crazy dictator of a desert country with 6m people on the other side of the mediterranean . 
  does n't even have to be on the other side , remember the balkans in the 90s ? 
  we 're splintered and others exploit that fact , our foreign policy is not well-coordinated , our militaries are ineffective , our common economy not properly managed . 
  really , we 're way too similar to how america was before it had the constitution and was stuck with the articles of confederation . 
  he 's pandering to right-wingers , they 're not exactly known for their common sense . 
  seriously . 
  america is only the superpower number one . 
  rich and powerful . 
  totally did n't work out . 
  itt : people who do n't know what federal really means . 
  it 's not necessarily unsustainable . 
  it 's definitely politically more convenient . 
  you can print money to pay your debt . 
  that reduces the value of the money through inflation . 
  since , however , their citizens have most of the money , they are effectively taking funds away from them to pay off the lenders . 
  america is different . 
  so many others have dollar reserves . 
  when america prints new dollars , it 's effectively taking away money from those as well . 
  so , not just americans , even foreigners pay for america 's debt . 
  but nobody held large amounts of drachmas or lira , except italians and greeks -- so they paid , at the end of the day . 
  money is just a dynamic coordinate system , do n't get too fixated on the numbers . 
  the actual flow of values is what is important . 
   which is what `` inflating your way out of debt '' really is only for america , who controls the largest reserve currency and has lots of people beyond its borders holding dollars . 
  for everyone else , it is n't . 
  yes , and i blame the press for blurring the difference between supergau and gau . 
  your translation is off . 
  that 's the kind of accident a plant is planned for . 
  a supergau is any kind of accident beyond that . 
  for example , fukushima was expected to be subject to earth quakes and tsunamis -- just not a tsunami that big . 
  so , no , supergau is nothing impossible and it does n't imply that a technology ca n't be controlled . 
  just that you plan for some accidents and beyond that you hope for the best , just like you do with every technology . 
  you proud of your hair colour , too ? 
  the commission is nominated by the european council and elected ( or not ) by parliament . 
  imagine the bundesrat nominating the bundeskanzler and the bundestag only then voting on him . 
  historical baggage .
