  but inflation would have affected both . 
  if i can warm up the same thing i wrote in [ the other discussion ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2yjp3t/press_review_juncker_triggers_debate_over_eu_army/cpa58ye ) , just use the same mechanism that funds the eu , i.e. 
  the same percentage of gni for everyone . 
  well , first of all , you are assuming that countries would have to give up control over their forces . 
  that does n't have to happen . 
  an eaf could consist of only a portion of the existing forces or could even be entirely new . 
  for example , in a similar discussion a few days ago i suggested that a hypothetical eaf should limit itself to logistical tasks because that 's where europe is lacking most while it 's also the least politically controversial military task . 
  anyway , as a random internet stranger , of course i ca n't know how it will be or even what the current proposals look like . 
  as a random internet eurofederalist , of course i would prefer the usual chain of command that exists in other countries . 
  i.e. , someone in the commission ( = government ) being commander-in-chief and council/parliament having to consent to any military action within a given time . 
  if they keep control over it , it would n't be a real eaf , just a new name for the status quo . 
  then your original remark becomes `` the problems with the status quo would be the same if we renamed the status quo '' -- well , duh ;-), 
  well , if there were a real eaf under eu control , italy would only have to convince one institution to get eaf support , as opposed to dozens now . 
  wrong federation \u0ca0_\u0ca0, 
  so you could , sort of , rise ( again ) like a phoenix ? 
  you do n't need to rig elections if you destroy the opposition so they ca n't really compete at the ballot box . 
  before ww2 , they shared a border . 
  i ca n't believe it . 
  i 'm so disappointed in italy right now . 
  i mean , really ? 
  that colour ? 
  yes , but it 's le cadre , not la cadre . 
  thanks . 
  too bad the icelandic government does n't even want to try to get a similar deal . 
  what 's malta 's deal ? 
  when things go well , people tend to appropriate the successes as their own while also attributing the failures of others to their own actions . 
  conversely , when things are going badly , people tend to blame outside forces both for their failures and other people 's success . 
  obviously the truth lies somewhere in the middle . 
  it 's highly likely that confoederationis has done absolutely nothing whatsoever to turn the netherlands into what it is today . 
  equally , you probably did absolutely nothing to turn hungary into what it is today . 
  however , at some point , some dutch ( wo ) men did lay the foundation of the modern country , and conversely , at some point some hungarians will have to make a stand , too . 
  lecturing you from the netherlands or any other better-run country is very convenient and condescending . 
  at the same time , finding excuses to do nothing in hungary is convenient , too . 
  unfortunately , hungarians ca n't afford that convenience for much longer , it seems . 
  at least downvote and/or report them when they get out of line . 
  how is this possible ?!, 
  i thought sweden was run by muslims by now !, 
  du wos , spezl ? 
  north england ? 
  \\* runs away as fast as he can *, 
  australia 's arable land is something like 4x germany 's arable land . 
  so , yes , most of it is barren . 
  but they 're still some 280 million people away from german population densities . 
  were the netherlands and germany to leave the euro , their new currency/ies would soar in value , destroying the competitive advantage that makes them europe 's `` sugar daddies '' . 
  in the short term , everyone can pat their backs : nl/de for not having to shell out money , the rest for regaining competitiveness through devaluation . 
  in the medium-long term , the strong currency will hurt nl/de as jobs relocate to cheaper areas while the rest , without pressure to reform , continues with business as usual until the next devaluation comes . 
  in both cases , the average guy wins nothing over the long term . 
  especially the belief that the alternative to any kind of transfer union would be for `` us '' to keep our money is deeply flawed . 
  ultimately , this system , too , is subject to a kind of continuity equation that we ca n't just brush aside . 
  the smarter decision is for nl/de & co. to use the leverage that their potential sugar daddy status gives them : offer very limited transfers ( and by that i explicitly do n't mean to simply write cheques ) under condition of real reform . 
  as the reforming economies improve , everyone wins . 
  thankfully , there are still enough politicians who recognise this . 
  for example , i know that tomorrow the committee on european affairs in the nrw state parliament ( which , due to the state being almost 1/4 of germany , is basically the germany of germany ) will most likely pass a resolution demanding a serious assessment of a kind of common base unemployment insurance that would already go very long way . 
  finally , eu funds are not subject to huge waste by corruption and thievery . 
  for instance , the [ british house of lords has found ] ( http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/ld200506/ldselect/ldeucom/270/27010.htm ) that `` the level of fraud is no higher than in comparable public expenditure programmes . '', 
  i think we can all agree that british politicians have n't exactly gone out of their way not to criticise the eu whenever they can , so this report is hardly hiding something . 
  do n't get derailed by another distraction . 
  oettinger and the other commissioners ca n't pass laws . 
  the problems are sitting in the council . 
  well , federalism goes both ways . 
  a region might get federal support , but it also gets federal oversight . 
  that 's not really true . 
  of all governments , the german one is very much in favour of continued integration . 
  but the current political climate does n't seem to allow that , so everyone 's holding back for now . 
  i do n't know what that means . 
  turkey is already a candidate country . 
  formally , it only has to fulfil the criteria to join . 
  informally , some members are unhappy with turkey joining , but if it fulfils the requirements , it will be very hard to argue why it should n't be allowed to join . 
  are the copenhagen criteria fulfilled ? 
  it 's clear that the eu acts much more incoherently than the us . 
  having said that , it 's not like the us is a monolith either . 
  there are frontpage articles about 47 senators telling iran to forget any deal once obama is out of office . 
  that 's not a clear foreign policy . 
  you 're not wrong . 
  well , we could try spending each country 's contribution to the common force on their domestic industry . 
  thus , for example , perhaps britain would lose some with regard to ship-building , but gain in aerospace , and the opposite for france . 
  ultimately this protectionism is exactly why we are spending so much to get so little , so in the long run it wo n't be do-able without some restructuring . 
  but if it starts out as an auxiliary force rather than a replacement , there 'd probably be enough time for this change to go smoothly -- in the beginning , there would only be new jobs for everyone . 
  ee but also the south . 
  i mean you obviously do n't need these troops in the heart of europe but near its borders . 
  we did n't just improve the military , we also introduced a system of monetary transfer that reduces economic imbalances between core and periphery ? 
  how convenient : , 
  that 's a good point . 
  perhaps it 's enough to give every country a certain piece of equipment to build ( e.g. 
  germany tanks , france some or all ships , britain jets , ... ) so that everyone gets to do something but we also do n't have different versions of the same thing . 
  those that really do n't produce something worthwhile could perhaps be bought by stationing the troops there . 
  my modest proposal : * that euroball video from yesterday or so says the eu spends 40 % of the us but only gets 10 % of the results , so let 's assume these numbers are correct . 
  * have member contribute , say , 25 % ( i.e. 
  10 % of the 40 % from above ) to a common military budget -- each country 's amount will be collected as an equal percentage of gni , so there 's no freeloading and today 's big spenders actually get to contribute less than so far . 
  * assuming that the 40 % -  10 % effect is caused solely through inefficient redundancies , the common and centrally managed contribution could double european military effectiveness , so even if members scale back their militaries by the above mentioned 25 % , we 'd still come out with + ~ 75 % . 
  * people have brought up reservations ; would germany or the true neutral states send troops to any armed conflict ? 
  would the uk and france rely on the rest of the eu for their perceived interests ? 
  for that reason the common forces should limit themselves to logistics ( which is what europe lacks most anyway ) and the protection of the logistics assets , i.e. 
  airlift capabilities , re-supplying of blue water navies , and so on . 
  that way france can still act with fran\u00e7afrique , uk can still defend the falklands , and germany & friends can still pretend they 're not the baddies because they 're not really fighting anyone . 
  that should be underwhelming enough to perhaps become reality in the not-too-distant future and serve as a nucleus for potential further development . 
  also , yes , the numbers are n't really a proper calculation , but they 're good enough for the back of an envelope or a comment on reddit . 
  the tyrolean was more of an example of the extent of the italian college at my institute , though they had to move here because that line of work is only possible in a handful of places in europe . 
  and the roman does n't hate rome . 
  what am i lying about ?
