  this could all be simplified if we install an infrastructure that allows vendors to check addresses against a blacklist . 
  in that case a victim of hacking can just report a fraudulent address and , say , amazon will hold the coins and notify the authorities if someone tries to pay with them . 
  untraceable theft is possible when people do face-to-face transaction . 
  there 's a caf\u00e8 in munich where you can pay with bitcoins . 
  i guess you could n't trace the hacker from there , true , but there 's only so many coffees you can buy , i.e. 
  you ca n't launder larger amounts of bitcoin that way . 
  they probably wo n't have that power since the private keys remain in the users ' wallets . 
  but since you can trace transactions , all you need is to wait till the criminal spends some of his coins at some place where he has to give his identity . 
  then law enforcement can demand the identity from said place to go after him . 
  well , okay . 
  can you at least tell me when you 're just about to start a new one ? 
  yes , if someone steals your gold or cash , it will be gone . 
  except here at least you can follow the coins through the block chain . 
   oh , so yoiu are saying that it is ok to kill , murder , torture people there . 
  any state can do whatever they want on any territory that are not part of their `` home territory '' even if they are responsible for it . 
  deaths , discrimination etc does n't count then . 
  they are not really dead or discriminated , it is just a joke . 
  aer you fucking serious ? 
  idiot !, 
  ah yes , insulting me . 
  i chuckled . 
  israel is n't perfect , but there is no organised mass murder or torture . 
  but yeah , war is not clean . 
   yes , i am sure they are just muslims out to destroy the good reputation of the peaceful , always humnitarian israelis . 
   could you have your head more up israel 's ass ? 
  you are n't helping your case . 
  but yes , muslim leaders are after israel 's reputation . 
  it 's a core tenet or propaganda to destroy the enemy 's reputation . 
  in the meanwhile , [ israel is treating victims of the syrian civil war ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-24998618 ) -- just like they [ also treat palestinians ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/health_care_in_israel#palestinian_medical_tourism ) . 
   hmm - palestinians want their own state , that is what sovereignity mean . 
  how is that wrong ? 
  it 's not wrong . 
  it 's just that israel will not give up the occupation unless a peace treaty is signed . 
  all this could have been prevented a long time ago : the arab world did n't create a palestinian state in the time between '48 and '67 when they were in control of gaza and the west bank . 
  blaming israel , who is under attack by forces from that area , is not exactly just under these circumstances . 
   bull , they are also always throwing their weright behind israel as soon as there is any negotiations in the middle east . 
  that means more than any billiojns . 
  oh , you mean that . 
  well , i think [ this un interpreter really says it all ] ( http://www.unwatch.org/site/apps/nlnet/content2.aspx?c=bdkkisnqemg&amp;b=1317489&amp;ct=13398889 ) . 
  as long as the un is abused to agitate against israel , it 's just fair that someone stands up for it , too . 
   so the bombing of iran , syria and lebanon , like the phospohor bombing of a un school was defending itself . 
  that was a bloody war crime . 
  syria is at war with israel . 
  like , proper war , two states with functioning ( more or less in the case of syria ) governments . 
  lebanon is partially under control of a terrorist group that regularly attacks israel . 
  of course israel will fight back , it 's their right . 
  i do n't know what you are rambling about with iran , israel did n't bomb them . 
  as for your final remark : white phosophorus ** smoke ** shells , for whose use the authorising commanders were disciplined . 
  ca n't remember when a palestinian combatant was disciplined the last time for targeting israeli civilians . 
  can you ? 
  that said , palestinian terrorists hide in densely populated areas to provoke civilian casualties . 
  the blame mostly , if not entirely , belongs to them . 
   so israel is at war with the palestinians ? 
  well , yes . 
  israel signed peace treaties with jordan and egypt , but that was only after they gave up claims to gaza/the west bank . 
  the plo that claims sovereignty over these areas has not negotiated a peace treaty with israel as of now , so it 's still at war . 
   the us have their head up israel 's ass , they can defend them . 
  us contributions to israel are not for israel 's sake and not that big either ( maybe 3 % of israel 's budget ) . 
  israel is a hight-tech nation and to prevent them from exporting sensitive equipment to china & co. , the us offers them hardware at a discount . 
  so the american subsidies are actually just subsidies for us arms manufacturers . 
   and , they use it incorrectly . 
  for example , they bomb syria , lebanon and iran when they feel like it , but they can not bomb back , because then they will use the bomb . 
  how is that fair ? 
  israel is constantly under attack . 
  it has the right to defend itself . 
  it does n't have to wait till it 's wiped off the map to retaliate with nuclear force . 
  you 'll find that israel has not fired a single shot at countries that have made peace with them . 
   you nicely forget the occupied territories and the amnesty international et al reports that says israel is racist and an apartheid state . 
  ai can say what it wants . 
  the occupied territories are not part of israel , they ca n't be held to the same standards . 
  all this could be resolved if the palestinians/their arab allies would denounce violence and negotiate a peace treaty . 
  but they wo n't because their leaders/dictators need the scapegoat . 
  or else the population might rightfully blame them for all the bad stuff that happens to them . 
   israel is clearly racist against the palestininians no . 
  israel is * at war * with them . 
  that 's not racism . 
  israeli arabs enjoy the same rights as any other israeli citizen . 
   and , you forgot about the bomb . 
  if israel is that peaceful , why do they have a bomb and refuse to sign treaties ? 
  israel is surrounded by enemies with superior numbers . 
  the bomb acts as an ultimate deterrent . 
  the non-proliferation treaty mandates a reduction in nuclear weapons ; this can hardly be enforced against the us or russia , but israel probably fears it would be enforced against them and they do n't want that . 
  after all , they really need the weapons as deterrents . 
  well , i can see how one might get that impression with the internet and all , but with rising energy prices shipping is getting more and more expensive , and purely from a physical standpoint there can only be things like power lines from continental europe , not anywhere else . 
  especially since other places of the world are developing and they themselves can more easily do business with their neighbours ... so why bother with some odd people on a rainy european island half-way round the world ? 
  libya is n't quite like you described . 
  germany , because of its recent history , is wary of sending troops to fight . 
  but it will usually support its allies with its economic might . 
  the german public expected that in libya , too . 
  which is why the government was heavily criticised for its abstention in the security council . 
  in the car , today , germany has readily offered logistical/financial support for the french . 
  as for the currency trading : i do n't think anyone on the continent would have a problem with london was such a/our centre in finance . 
  but yeah , you probably wo n't get many concessions . 
  but i am confident the pro-side will ramp up its information campaign in due time so that wo n't be such an issue . 
  considering how politicised the field is , aside from budget shortfalls , this is incredible progress . 
  the interesting thing about fusion is that it 's actually advancing faster than for example computer chips ( http://i.imgur.com/zq3pyn6.jpeg ) . 
  unfortunately ( or rather fortunately , actually ) , slow computer chips can already be useful . 
  lesser fusion reactors are n't , they just eat power . 
  that said , construction for iter is under way , pr plasma is probably going to be in 2021 , first useful plasma is expected for 2023 , q = 10 power gain ( i.e. 
  ten times more fusion power than external heating ) is planned for 2027 .
