  really ? 
  damn . 
  bigger is better , though , right ? 
  in the same sense as texas being better than all of the us . 
  choose your death : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arrow%27s_impossibility_theorem, 
  til there is only one elected official in america and he decides * everything * . 
  what 's so funny ? 
  americans get what they elect . 
  seems pretty democratic to me . 
  no navigation though . 
  signing is n't possible yet . 
  the commission will provide the necessary platform around mid-october , according to the initiative 's twitter account . 
  how can there be a narrative of organised betrayal if the rules were put in place by a conservative government and then broken by a social democratic one ? 
  very true . 
  we should submit more foreign content through translation services . 
  it 's time some outside pov spills back , too . 
  maybe you should have explained that ' ( shift + # ) is an apostrophe while ` is an accent grave . 
  maybe people would have listened then . 
  ( probably not . ), 
  i 'd rarely write this about the-knife , but `` this . '', 
  seriously . 
  we 're not building all that stuff another time . 
  they actually do form power blocks . 
  asean is stuck between india and china and they know it . 
  due to america 's geography and divergent development its interests do not align with ours to such a degree . 
  it has also used our differences to divide us before . 
  either there is a central authority for the policy areas deemed communal or there will continue to be points of attack that will be exploited by pitting us against each other . 
  it could be referred to as a referendum `` on the eu '' if the new constitution would be a pan-european one . 
  if anything it 's a referendum on ceding more powers to brussels . 
  how would german companies suffer from it ? 
  what 's the german version of sharing is caring ? 
  you identify as a eurosceptic , yet you seem to grudgingly accept it . 
  why would it take generations ? 
  i agree , but would n't that the kind of big interference in national sovereignty that so many do n't want ? 
  the eu has that power ? 
  demonstrations bring attention . 
  they 're generally not used to change things by themselves . 
  if turkey 's already not in europe , what 's cyprus doing here ? 
  that 's what i wanted to express , but i might not have been perfectly clear . 
  thanks for being more precise . 
  not just that . 
  it 's unstable as you can always switch your delegation . 
  additionally , since you can split your vote on different issues , you can create paradoxes simply by giving your delegation to contrary viewpoints in different issues ( example : treasury : save money !, 
  social services : but extend social services ! ), 
  finally , experience from the the liquid democracy implementation of the german pirate party shows that it 's even more of a popularity contest than usually ; not the experts get the votes , the highly visible ones get them , their qualifications are secondary . 
  it sounds great , but it really has some drawbacks . 
  that 's totally not how it works . 
  banks must not give out more money than they have . 
  european banks must deposit 1 % of their customer 's deposits at the ecb . 
  they can lend the other 99 % . 
  technically , that means someone could take out another loan comprising 99 % of a deposit , and re-deposit it at the same or another bank , enabling it to give out another 99 % * 99 % of the original deposit . 
  this can theoretically appear to grow the money supply by a factor of 100 ( easily calculated using a geometric series 1/1 -0.99 = 100 ) . 
  this usually does n't happen , because we do n't only deposit money once we take out a loan , the actual factor is below 20 . 
  keep in mind , there is no additional money , it 's basically a balance sheet extension . 
  to really increase the money supply , banks deposit securities at the ecb in exchange for central bank money . 
  the more the economy grows , the more securities can be created , so the money supply can always grow to accommodate the needs of the economy . 
  how would such a person get 50 % + x in a pan-european election ? 
   ... and our identities . 
  lol, 
  please , you would n't know what is awesome if it hit you in the face with a bunch of wei\u00dfw\u00fcrstl . 
  / problem ? 
  you have learned nothing from history . 
  how sad . 
  your trolling has been better . 
  in the valleys . 
  no , really . 
  why are printing money and loaning it the only two options ? 
  federations usually have open transfers of wealth . 
  * that * 's transparent . 
  printing money is a permanent bailout/shared debt and risk achieved through continental inflation . 
  the only reason this is presented as a viable option is because it 's obscure enough for the average joe not to understand it . 
  and it was europe that became really rich off that invention . 
  that 's why we 're all posting on reddit.eu , are n't we ? 
  edit : okay , technically reddit.eu exists , but still ... 
  totally . 
   i refuse to understand why someone might not want to scrap the euro even though it has been posted more than just once . 
  everyone but me is a moron . 
  this drips of incredible arrogance . 
  i 'm on the tum campus . 
  in fact , people warned me about this happening in britain , not here . 
  perhaps your last sentence is the most important one . 
  pointless question unless you clearly define what `` federal europe '' means . 
  i 'm at an mpi and i never witnessed anything like the atmosphere brichals describes . 
  neither have my friends who work at other research facilities in the area . 
  either it 's his specific workplace or he himself that is the problem . 
  pretty sure rick falkvinge knows where his own country is ... 
  he 's not israeli . 
  here 's the english version :  the union shall not be liable for or assume the commitments of central governments , regional , local or other public authorities , other bodies governed by public law , or public undertakings of any member state , without prejudice to mutual financial guarantees for the joint execution of a specific project . 
  a member state shall not be liable for or assume the commitments of central governments , regional , local or other public authorities , other bodies governed by public law , or public undertakings of another member state , without prejudice to mutual financial guarantees for the joint execution of a specific project . 
  to me this reads like `` there is no legal * obligation * but we 're not going to stop you if you do bail each other out . '', 
  `` shall not '' and `` must not '' are not synonymous . 
  like when barnier pushes things like acta or ipred ? 
  no , thanks ... 
  you are right , the big bang theory , however , has a lot of evidence in its favour and nothing to disprove it . 
  gravity is just a theory as well . 
  science can only * disprove * things . 
  they are terrible . 
  probably on purpose . 
  right , let 's not read stuff and wait for a big youtuber . 
  i 'm on a phone so i 'll keep it short .
