  yes please !, 
  perhaps the important metric should be volume per inhabitant , because then they 're rather similar . 
   tap pipeline hang in there ukraine , we 're coming to help you ... in 4 years . 
  no , seriously , i meant the current options . 
  german renewables supply around 10 % of the total primary energy consumption and we 're already reaching limits . 
  do n't hold your breath . 
  europe imports over 1/2 of its energy and over a quarter of that comes from russia . 
  i would really be curious how much potential we have to give up that part on short notice by ramping up domestic production and switching to other suppliers ( and perhaps even saving ) . 
  it would be an achievement to let europe pay more because of britain 's sub-par language education :-d, 
  no , salary has to be based on successfully attracting capable employees . 
  but competent heads of government are rarely motivated by money . 
  someone from another country is not equally capable because he does n't bring the british perspective with him . 
  it 's an asset . 
  relax . 
  russia is acting to maintain the status quo . 
  they already had crimea under their control , even if it was n't formally russian . 
  now that this is threatened , they act . 
  it does n't increase danger to us at all . 
  the russian naval base was there a year ago and it will continue to stay there . 
   how much is needed to pay them in order to attract them so , evidently they ca n't attract , in this example , the britons that can do the job . 
  they earn a lot because they are highly qualified . 
  the requirements are [ tough ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/exclusive-fall-in-number-of-britons-working-in-eu-posts-worries-foreign-office-8798890.html ) . 
  russia is n't threatening to invade the eu . 
  i 'm all for european integration , but what exactly would a united europe do that we do n't do now ? 
  send troops ? 
  i hope not , and i 'm pretty hawkish , for german standards at least . 
  i 'm talking about russia and belarus . 
  i agree that hating anyone will not achieve anything and i think you are right about autonomy for crimea . 
  no one says the americans were or are angels . 
  but i do recognize they are not occupying any countries in europe or propping up any european dictators in 2014 . 
  i wish i could say the same about russia . 
  what does america have to do with this ? 
  but ok , if you went there ... it 's almost as if russia had occupied and/or supported like-minded dictatorships in half of europe a generation ago , turning half of our continent into a prison ... and still does that ( belarus ) . 
  i 'm critical enough of the recent american spy revelations that i did really organise protests in front of the us consulate here , but i still would n't equate america and russia . 
  this makes no sense to me . 
  would n't public opinion just tell them to withdraw their application anyway ? 
  why antagonise the people with such a move ? 
  is this supposed to be some reverse psychology bs ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  where could i find the original ? 
  afaik the court argues that the ep does n't have to elect a government that needs working majorities and thus a fractioned parliament is perfectly tolerable , which is not the case for federal elections . 
  i 'm on my phone so i ca n't write more , but when you do the maths for isolated elections you find a square root dependency . 
  the important metric is whether every citizen has the same chance to change the majority in parliament by changing his vote from one party to another . 
  the number of citizens per mep does n't necessarily need to be equal for that to be fulfilled . 
  source : some social choice theory lectures in university that i remember fuzzily, 
  what 's the origin of this gif ? 
  every war before ww2 was ended by some operation , too . 
  they mean the member states because the eu itself does n't have the power or money to do it . 
  [ remove channel from premises !, 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6a/bagger-garzweiler.jpg ), 
  sarcasm or moral relativism ? 
   plenty of people died in your link says 5 people died over 2 years . 
  ukraine outdoes this in an afternoon . 
  really ? 
  he starts of comparing the commission to the politburo , even though commissioners do n't choose themselves but are appointed by their national governments and confirmed by parliament ... which is freely elected , not like the supreme soviet . 
  i turned it off once he mentioned the `` 100000s of eurocrats '' , considering that the eu employs considerably less than 100000 people in total . 
  utter nonsense . 
  there are english subtitles available . 
  nonsense . 
  barroso was in his early 20s when he was in that maoist party and joined the conservatives when he was 24 . 
  what he did as a teenager/young adult does n't mean anything . 
  geez . 
  i did n't write that simply voting for this is xenophobic , but highlighted the distribution . 
  people who have less to do with foreigners voting for something that is , in a sense , against foreigners is not something new . 
  it can be observed all over the world , be it east germany or parts of the us . 
  in each of these cases , additional enquiries find more pronounced xenophobic sentiments and little reason . 
  remember that this did n't happen the first time and [ is n't the only piece of evidence ] ( http://www.thedailyshow.com/watch/thu-december-3-2009/oliver-s-travels---switzerland ) . 
  we have every reason to believe that a sizeable part of the swiss population is just that . 
  even though i never studied medicine and know little about it , i can choose a doctor that suits me . 
  at no point do i have to decide what medicine i have to take or wield the scalpel myself to balance the doctor 's work . 
  does all that mean i should n't be allowed to choose my doctor any more ? 
  considering that the regions with the most foreigners did n't vote for the initiative , one could think so . 
  no , britain has negotiated access to the schengen information system , that 's all . 
  freedom of movement itself is one of the four freedoms of the common market , aside from products , services and capital . 
  do you even reddit , bro ? 
  reddit has highlights for new comments . 
  it 's a gold feature . 
  you can also follow users by friending them . 
  thank you for your explanation . 
  just to be clear , though , i was joking . 
  for completeness sake , the second irish referendum was on a different text that had some additions made specifically for them . 
  dude , you ca n't just vote until the `` right '' result comes out . 
  the agreements are grouped together for a reason : not everyone benefits from the same ones in the same way . 
  the deal was that both sides ' companies can get unfettered access to everyone 's markets in products and services and capital and people get access to everyone 's labour market . 
  many european companies do n't need swiss competition , but if europeans can also compete for the jobs they are offering , it 's okay . 
  if switzerland now just cuts the agreement that mostly benefited the eu , it would n't be fair to us to cut only this one . 
  we need to retaliate by retreating from the agreements that mostly benefited switzerland . 
  schengen is about passport-free travel , not freedom of movement for labour . 
  thank you . 
  if you want meaningful answers , you should perhaps not just write these words but fill them with a little bit of what * you * think they mean . 
  switzerland calls itself a confederation but is structured just the same as other countries that call themselves federations . 
  no , makes sense . 
  do you , by any chance , have some numbers for the currency hedges of the uk vs. denmark ? 
  because i have no idea how much this stuff actually adds to a transaction and i 'd really like to know . 
  can you explain what you mean ? 
  to me , the most important benefit is removing exchange rate risk from private players to allow permanent cross-border supply chains/other kinds of permanent deals to make the most of comparative advantages . 
  if all there needs to be is a decision by the danish central bank 's governor to remove the peg , the risk is n't quite as reduced as with a full entry and these deals ca n't really be done ( unless they buy insurance , which probably destroys much of the economic benefit ) . 
  okay , i think that were all the gifs expressing that sentiment . 
  or did someone make new ones ? 
  nah , the sceptic persecution complex transcends nationality ;-),
