  i do n't think there something that could change your mind so i 'd rather not waste any more time . 
   in fact i 'd already consider eu to be worse than usa on many points . 
  i would be interested in hearing some , please . 
   the lobby central of eu lobbies and lobbying are n't intrinsically evil . 
  like anything else it depends on how we regulate them . 
  let 's not get carried away ... 
  now that you mention it , a lot of bloodshed could have been avoided if someone had told the germans a hundred years ago that they could do that . 
  many of our capitals are n't exactly relevant either . 
  yeah , that also bugs me when people laugh about americans not knowing geography , too . 
  how many states and states ' capitals can we name ? 
  can you please link to at least some examples ? 
  i may be biased because i submitted it , but i think it is worth the read . 
  you know , i do n't whether you are angry , but i really get that vibe from your text . 
  anyway :  are you deliberately trying to `` misunderstand '' the issue ? 
    i linked to an article , but you seem to have ignored it . 
    the question is the development and exploitation of norwegian oil resources - drilling , pumping , storing , processing etc. 
    not oil merely as a commodity for trade . 
  i 'm not ignoring it . 
  here 's what you quoted : `` current requirement that oil operations in norwegian territory be managed from or be based in norway . '', 
  that is what the european free trade surveillance authority has a problem with . 
  i 'm asking why a norwegian company should be allowed to mine bauxite in greece , managed from its hq in oslo , while a greek company managed from athens should n't be allowed to drill for oil in norway ? 
  single market says there ca n't be discrimination based on nationality , i.e. 
  there must be a level playing field for everyone , but this clearly favours norwegian companies which are already managed from norway . 
  norway agreed to these rules when it joined the single market so why is enforcing those rules bullying ? 
  ( you can stop reading here , because i 'm really only interested in discussing this single topic . ), 
   because they `` detract '' ? 
  or because they show how undemocratic and arrogant the eu really is ? 
    btw , the norwegian people rejected eu membership twice before , and this attempt at wresting control over their own resources from them can hardly made the eu any more popular . 
  because we are discussing whether norway should have the right to force foreign companies to do things that norwegian companies in other countries are n't forced to do . 
  referenda on eu treaties in other countries have little to do with that . 
   just a few month ago , disappointed cypriots started a campaign called `` eu donkeys '' on youtube . 
  trying to order hardware online , they had to find out that customers in small , less prosperous countries , like cyprus or malta , were discriminated by european mail-order stores . 
    either they would not sell to them at all , or only at significant higher prices than to customers in the bigger member states . 
  so much for the blessings of the eu for the consumer in small countries . 
  who nevertheless have to pay for all those subsidies and import tariffs . 
  well , the eu ca n't make the geographical isolation of malta or cyprus go away . 
  it costs more to ship to them , that 's how it is . 
  same applies to hawaii or puerto rico and the us . 
  it also costs more when i order something from the uk to germany instead of buying it in germany . 
  either way , with the eu there is a legal framework to do something about it . 
  without the eu , nothing to be done . 
  but again , we were talking about norwegian oil . 
   joining the eu is a very expensive process for small countries , because it introduces a veritable torrent of new bureaucratic procedures , reporting requirements , fees , paperwork , etc. 
  laws and regulations have to be translated , passed , promulgated , circulated , implemented , controlled , and enforced . 
    the compliance costs for the public sector and the economy are considerable . 
  some of these costs are transitory , others permanent . 
    if serbia would eventually benefit from eu membership is a difficult question to answer , especially in the current sovereign debt crisis . 
  okay . 
  i see your point . 
  given that the other eastern members do get more money out than they put in , i 'm inclined to believe the same would apply to serbia . 
  although you are right , it depends on how the debt crisis play out . 
   norway 's oil is not part of the `` common market '' . 
  how come ? 
  is it not a commodity like anything else ? 
  the eea is about the same four freedoms that the eu has : free movement of goods , persons , services , and capital . 
  obviously oil is a good . 
   why should anybody but the norwegians decide who is to produce this valuable resource on their own territory ? 
    that is a basic question of democracy and self-determination . 
  well , joining the eea/efta means that with respect to ( certain aspects of ) the economy , everyone has the same rights . 
  the same way that norwegians could open a company to mine bauxite in greece , greeks should be able to open a company to produce oil in norway , no ? 
   what the eu really thinks of these subjects is well known - remember the anti-treaty referendums in ireland , france , and the netherlands ? 
  i remember the referenda , but i 'm not going to go there now because i think it detracts from the issue at hand . 
   even non-members of the eu and efta can get a substantial amount of bullying from the eu , e.g. 
  when it comes to protectionism and agriculture . 
    latin-american countries trying to export bananas are an infamous example . 
  or australia , brazil and thailand , who protested when 500,000 tons of eu sugar were dumped on world markets last year . 
  okay , be that as it may , how would staying out help serbia in that respect ? 
  the huge eu can still put serbia at a disadvantage . 
  you say it yourself , even being on another continent wo n't protect you from being pushed around by the bigger powers . 
  would n't it be smarter to run with the pack ? 
   but if serbia stayed out , at least they wo n't have to pay for that . 
  serbia is relatively poor . 
  it would be a net receiver if it were to join the eu . 
  i hope we can at least agree on that . 
  you know what 's weird ? 
  i read your information and usually do n't reach the same conclusions . 
  i wonder what the reason is for that . 
  for instance , i ca n't see how making norway abide by the common market rules and having them pay their share of the costs amounts to bullying . 
  and if it were bullying , why would you advise serbia to stay out ? 
  so they can be bullied , too ? 
  i mean if serbia wants to be part of the common market and/or other european projects , it 'll have to pay a share of the costs * and will have to adopt ( a part of ) eu law while having pretty much no say in how said laws are being made -- unless it becomes a member . 
  i 'm curious to hear why you think otherwise . 
  \\* to be fair , being relatively poor it 'll probably be a net receiver either way , but that 's a discussion for another day, 
  it also would n't face bankruptcy if it had used the money it was able to borrow cheaply because of the euro to make its economy more competitive . 
  http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1394185/britain-france-share-aircraft-carrier-combat-defence-cuts-says-admiral.html ( yes , i did just link to the daily mail . ), 
  iceland is about to join the eu , so that makes sense . 
  but newfoundland is in canada . 
  are you planning to leave ? 
  are you sure the systems are compatible ? 
  i do n't know much about law school in america , but if it 's anything similar to how med school works , then it 's probably incompatible with the german * system . 
  you 'd have to study 4-5 years , take a big test , then another 2 years and another big test to become a lawyer . 
  that means you 'd have to come here now , no undergrad in canada . 
  and then you 'd probably not be allowed to practice law outside of ( a certain part of ) europe . 
  unless you go for something more international , like focussing on european law . 
  \\* that 's the one i know the most about , which is still almost nothing . 
  ps : someone more knowledgeable correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  from what i can tell this document simply sets straight what an independent body , the european court of auditors , actually concluded . 
   thank you for the link !, 
  you 're welcome . 
  i had a feeling that this would apply not just to romanians .
