  : - / hell , i just realised most of you will never enjoy german political kabarett . 
  shame . 
  they also got their own commissioner back . 
  22.15 edit : i got two burgers , the rest of the list is just there to illustrate what one could have gotten instead . 
  geez . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mixed_grill edit : and american mixed grill here meant , and i quote from the menu , `` different tenderloins , bacon , bbq sauce or herb butter , maize cob and fries '', 
  sorry , i got mixed up while writing , it was just `` two burgers '' . 
  obviously [ all i eat ] ( http://www.food-from-bavaria.de/en/reg_spez/produkte.php ) is wei\u00dfwurst with s\u00fc\u00dfsenf or schweinshaxe , both with a side of brez 'n and wei\u00dfbier . 
  and sometimes radi . 
  no , seriously , we eat everything . 
  i have a weak spot for mediterranean cuisine though i 'd say every region in europe , probably the entire world , has some nice dishes that i 'd like to eat from time to time . 
  here 's what we had in our canteen for lunch yesterday : * indian spice rice with lentils * chopped pork with champignon sauce and rice * italian pasta with salmon cream sauce * american mixed grill with different meats and maize cob . 
  and i got a two burger with potato wedges from the cafeteria below . 
  yeah , but generally the postal service tries to use the same amount of people per post code . 
  thus you 'll have more post codes in denser regions . 
  and to shamelessly copy the top comment from over there as well , notice how high population density coincides with the [ blue banana ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blue_banana ) . 
  is it the ( uk of great britain ) + ( northern ireland ) or the uk of ( gb and ni ) ? 
  as long as the eu institutions remain at the sidelines , your argument has no value . 
  the one with the chequebook decides until then . 
  & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ; they can spend my taxes , they can listen to my bad jokes . 
  do n't you mean ... * le sigh * . . 
  thank you , thank you , i 'll be here all week . 
  the 1 elected official will probably be accountable to well below 5k because he does n't need the rest for a relative majority . 
  the ends of the party lists always have to fear that they lose , though , in every party . 
  there are `` your mep ** s ** '' . 
  europe is divided in [ constituencies ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_parliament_constituency ) of different size . 
  ( the map is n't perfect though , in germany a party can request to run in each state individually , meaning that for that party there will be 16 instead of 1 constituency in germany . 
  only cdu/csu do that , afaik . ), 
  i do n't understand this thinking . 
  in the end , consumers pay for protectionism . 
  and that 's the only bicameral system so our only choice is the unicameral nordic system ? 
  does it need to be an animal ? 
  i thought we might find a confused picture of some rather well known mainlanders ... something like [ this ] ( http://www.welt.de/multimedia/archive/00521/cn_cebit_merkelsark_521374s.jpg ) maybe ? 
  more confusion , though !, 
  i ca n't take the test because it 's too anglocentric and makes no sense for me . 
  someone should make a `` confused continental '' advice animal . 
   who said it was n't going to continue ? 
  you 're arguing for something that 's happening anyway . 
  talk about redundant !, 
  growing numbers of germans responding positively to indicators of anti-semitism suggest that it might not continue . 
  let 's hope i 'm just over-reacting . 
   geez , come on . 
  while the us of a do support israel 's crimes , there are limits as to how far they ( the us ) will support them ( israel ) . 
  america 's support for israel is over-rated . 
  it 's 3 % of israel 's budget and mostly spent on american equipment , so it 's more of a subsidy for american companies . 
  israel can defend itself very well , after all american support did n't become substantial until the sixties . 
   what does the population has anything to do with israel commiting crime on palestines ? 
  is it a lesser crime to kill folks if they recreate at a faster speed than being killed ? 
  you claim there 's some sort of organised killing going on . 
  i pointed out some facts that suggest that this is n't the case . 
   you certainly know , that palestinians are not supported by the us , in that they do n't receive the newest military shit to protect themselves , so that they are forced to use what they got . 
  and there is only so much that they can do to protest against killing and occupation . 
  no , they , and by they i mean the militants , are supported by certain neighbouring dictators . 
  there is no need to protect yourself against an enemy that is acting in self-defence : just stop the attacks and they wo n't attack you . 
  peaceful protest in the information age will yield better results than any weapon . 
   it 's more like ` lots of guys have tried killing that guy , but he 's only going after the latest one , rather than all of them ' well , sucks to be us , i guess . 
  those before germany should have been more thorough . 
   yes you did . 
  by saying that they should be responsible for ` the decline or even disappearance of anti-semitism ' ( sic ) you are also saying that they should be held responsible for when that does n't happen , or when anti-semitism actually worsens somewhere in the world . 
  if it 's a man 's responsibility to put out fires , you blame him when your house burns down , since he failed to fulfil his responsibility in extinguishing the flames . 
  if my house burns down because someone set it on fire , i blame the arsonist , not the fire fighters . 
  i still want the fire fighters to keep doing their job . 
   what , do you think they 're not one of the countries pressing for some kind of peace process ? 
  there 's not really much else they can do . 
  i do n't expect more , it just needs to continue . 
  israel does n't do that any more than any other respectable country : its citizens ( jews , arabs , white , black , gay , straight , ... ) have more rights than non-citizens . 
  so the assertion remains unfounded . 
  if israel wanted to murder them , they 're not doing a very good job . 
  palestinian population has ~ tripled since ' 67 . 
  palestinian life expectancy is about as high as hungary 's ( eu member !, 
  ) , and higher than in many other arab states . 
  the truth is , sending unguided missiles into civilian territory is not freedom fighting . 
  neither is bombing kindergartens . 
  it 's terrorism . 
  and it has * never * worked . 
   besides , germany is hardly the first country who tried to kill / exile its jewish population . 
  hell , we tried a few times during the middle ages . 
  `` a lot of people tried killing that guy , just because i at least got him in a wheel-chair now does n't mean i should be responsible for anything ! '', 
   making germany take the flack for what others do , even though they have no control over those others , is ridiculous . 
  germany has zero control over the arab world and their thoughts . 
  i did n't say we should take the flack for what others do . 
  i suggested working towards israel 's acceptance in the world , by influencing israel to be more likeable or its neighbours to finally accept it , should be part of germany 's raison d'\u00c9tat for the time being . 
  the occupation is a result of the rejection of the un partition plan by the neighbouring dictatorships , their military incompetence and their constant support for militants in the territories . 
  israel is insofar at fault as it is a democracy and nationalists who do want to annex the territories sometimes do score a political win -- the threshold for entering parliament could be raised , for example . 
  it 's not at fault for attacking militants who hide in schools or use ambulances for attacks . 
  germany is responsible for the culmination of anti-semitism , attempted industrial genocide . 
  being responsible for the decline or even disappearance of anti-semitism in response to that seems not so far fetched to me . 
  but , if you think it 's unreasonable , what 's your suggestion ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  i 'm afraid we did n't sign a contract ;-) maybe when relations between israel and the world or at least the arab world have been normalised . 
  edit : national timescales are longer than human ones . 
  that video is a giant straw-man . 
  the girl criticises that he compares israel to nazi germany , and he responds that he finds it despicable that she uses the holocaust to defend israel 's actions -- which she did n't do . 
  oh , and the comments below the video also show what really is up : ` death to israel ! ', 
  anyway . 
  zionism , according to wikipedia , `` is a political movement that , in its broadest sense , has supported the self-determination of the jewish people in a sovereign jewish national homeland . '', 
  everyone can have a country , except the jews , then it 's a crime . 
  double standard discriminating against jews , again . 
  i 'm really baffled how people do n't see how israel has been used for * years * as an imagined external enemy to keep arab dictators in power . 
  west bank and gaza were under arab control for decades , they never even attempted to create a state of palestine .
