  so there , over the years there 's been some negotiating but it stayed like that more or less . 
  * edit , forgot that very important word ... 
  the csu considers itself to fill everything ** up to ** but not including ( unconstitutional ) extremism . 
  they are not right-wing extremists , even if we disagree with them . 
  thanks for the additional explanation . 
  you do n't need to run for office yourself . 
  helping worthwhile candidates goes a long way . 
  what would you like to happen when , say , 60 % cast an empty ballot ? 
  leave 180 seats empty ? 
  that 's a great way into oligarchy , if not outright dictatorship . 
  your day has 24h like anyone else 's day . 
  you work around 8-10 hours , you sleep for 8 hours . 
  you have between 6 and 8 hours for spending time with friends and family , buying groceries , sports , etc. , * and * , if you chose so , for getting involved . 
  some people do , some people do n't . 
  some make a difference , some do n't . 
  elections have to be constructive . 
  not choosing is invalid . 
  if you are unhappy with the options you 'll have to think about getting involved yourself . 
   for varying values of `` democratically '' . 
  let me ask you a question : should the blank votes be considered valid ? 
  i mean should they be counted in the denominator of the fraction that decides the final percentages of each party ? 
  with the current law , that was voted in 2004 , they are not . 
  not so democratic imo . 
  i 've yet to hear of a country that counts invalid ballots or abstentions . 
  walkereu lives on cyprus , afaik . 
  it 's our version of america 's hawaii/alaska situation , in that they get screwed by mail-order businesses . 
  that 's a textbook example of `` no true scotsman '' . 
  but yeah , one should focus on the legitimate demands of the peaceful protesters . 
  what 's with the defeatism ? 
  the ep has already rejected it so far . 
  you have a right to be skepticel . 
  nevertheless britain should n't be allowed to keep the rest from going forward . 
  it can leave if it sees no other way . 
  that 's actually what the german conservative party 's meps are proposing for the next party convention . 
  schleswig-holstein and bavaria have flair because , i guess , they asked for it . 
  yeah , are n't we the greatest ... and look , my country ranks among the highest !, 
  that 's why we 've decided to keep our fossil plants running for longer instead of turning them off in temporary favour of nuclear power . 
  my peers and i did n't have special financing when we got involved . 
  so , no . 
  that 's part of the game . 
  have you ever , like , you know , considered getting involved yourselves ? 
  people complain that there 's only politics on this subreddit , then they downvote content like this . 
  it looks like barroso would have loved to answer questions for more than 30 minutes . 
  euronews , y u no give him more time ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/banzhaf_power_index and so on . 
  being small does n't mean irrelevant . 
  die welt described them as a small group of protesters . 
   the article you are reading originally appeared in german in issue 39/2011 of der spiegel . 
  well , [ we have a flag ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uex5g-gos1k ) . 
  never heard about that . 
  do n't think the non-eu members of the esa would like that very much . 
  in my eyes , yes . 
  economic interests should n't trump democratic principles . 
  we 're building a union , not an empire . 
  i agree that common policies would probably yield better results , but everyone has to be involved in shaping said policies . 
  forcing them on anyone from the outside will undo what we worked so hard to achieve over the last decades . 
  yeah , i 'm as pro-eu as you can get , but esa is no eu agency . 
  it 'll slowly drop into obscurity . 
  today you have to be well over 20 to even remember the dm in any meaningful way . 
  that number is n't going down . 
   for all intents and purposes , the eurozone needs to come together under a single representative government body . 
  ok .  each of the 6 countries that are maintaining a positive account balance will receive a number of seats into the new government and the countries with negative balances will receive none . 
  absolutely preposterous . 
  that is completely incompatible with liberal european democracy . 
  i 've checked the telegraph , the sun and the daily mail . 
  eurosceptics must have gotten a stroke or something . 
  something unfinished is usually not considered broken . 
  or would you consider a house broken from the moment of ground breaking to the point of being turnkey ready ? 
  i was showing you what happens when `` the majority said it 's ok '' is taken as an ultimate justification . 
  apparently , you really did not learn from the past . 
  this is what i accuse you of . 
  we actually stopped doing that some 66 years ago . 
  you should look into it , it 's a pretty good idea . 
  by the way , i do n't have to restrain myself because somebody who happened to live where i live now did something horrible over 66 years ago . 
  so , additionally , your argumentum ad hominem is pretty weak . 
  you mean wikipedia , a wiki is a kind of software . 
  and yeah , i 'm telling you the majority does not matter if its intention is to violate the rights of minorities . 
  what 's next ? 
  xx % of serbs do n't like muslims so we should all shoot them ? 
  jews ? 
  roma ? 
  oh , wait , that actually did happen . 
  maybe you 'll learn from the past at some point . 
  last time i checked serbia claimed to be a republic . 
  so yeah , that number , 88 % , not important at all . 
  the rights of minorities have to be protected . 
  what would you had liked him to say instead ? 
  i agree that switzerland will probably not join . 
  believing they are truly independent or neutral is hilarious , though . 
  the term `` fax democracy '' did n't come up for nothing . 
  there is no reason , mostly . 
  i , for example , was born over 40 years after the end of ww2 -- to parents from the eastern bloc . 
  my family suffered from the the nazis and the communists . 
  and my story is n't unique ; there are many like it and even more variations . 
  we do n't have to take fluxforge 's bs . 
  so i 'll keep downvoting his xenophobic remarks , bavarian-style , if that makes any difference . 
  this is german , right ? 
  it 's really easy , poor people ca n't run away . 
  but yeah , it sucks . 
  nope .
