  moore 's law for computer chips ] ( http://www2.euro-fusion.org/pictures_html/triple_product.jpg ) . 
  of course , a slow chip is already useful , but an unfinished reactor just uses up power . 
  i would n't say that 's not a success , though . 
  the circumstances are just different . 
  creating an artificial star is big challenge . 
  it should not come as a surprise that it takes long . 
  unlikely : http://www.ipp.mpg.de/3787558/cfr?c=14226 furthermore , why do you say it had no success ? 
  the world record in fusion is recovering 2/3 of the heating power . 
  that machine was not big enough to do more , but iter will be . 
  also , we 're not putting all eggs in basket . 
  there 's also stellarator research , e.g. 
  [ w7x ] ( http://www.ipp.mpg.de/16900/w7x ) . 
  common misconception , but it 's actually plasma physics :-) the nuclear side of fusion is rather simple , just smash the things together often enough with enough velocity and they 'll fuse eventually . 
  but keeping the fuel at conditions that allow that to happen requires an understanding of how it behaves at those conditions -- and that means understanding plasma physics . 
  the world record is recovering 2/3 of the heating power in the joint european torus in england . 
  that machine is way smaller than iter . 
  perhaps iter will not achieve a factor of 10 , but i think we can exepct 5x more fusion power than heating power without being too optimistic . 
  public disturbance is n't an offence where you live ? 
  [ uh-huh ] ( http://laws-lois.justice.gc.ca/eng/acts/c-46/section-175.html ) . 
  this is n't going to work : http://www.ipp.mpg.de/3787558/cfr?c=14226, 
  every party to iter contributes in kind rather than money . 
  so , for example , the vacuum vessel is partly built by the eu and korea . 
  obviously all parts must fit together in the end , but there 's no final authority that could force something on the individual parties . 
  in the end , everything must be negotiated , it takes longer and costs more . 
  but , iter was thought of as a peace project for the world , so that 's what it is first and foremost . 
   sweden gives asylum to 70 + % of immigrants while hungary only to like 13 % . 
  i 'm going to assume these numbers are made up unless you cite them . 
  either way , they prove nothing . 
  could be simply that more people with a proper reason to flee apply in sweden than hungary . 
   when illegal immigrants come to germany , they have absolutely free movement and they are sent to camp and treated like lords , given money and everything . 
  first of all , asylum seekers are by definition not illegal immigrants . 
  making use of the universal human right of asylum is not illegal in any way . 
  furthermore , no , asylum seekers get nothing of that sort . 
  they are housed in aslyum seeker centres from which they must not go away too far and get , at best , a small amount of money , way below the minimum sum that regular users of social security get . 
   when they illegaly enter czechia , they are handcuffed and sent to a detention behind 4 meters tall fence , their personal stuff including phones is removed from them and they have to pay for the accomodation . 
  they are not illegally entering if they are asylum seekers . 
  czechia would lose in court if it came to that . 
  if anything the czech republic can send them back to the first eu country they entered which is obligated under current eu rules to deal with them . 
   there are enourmous differences between asylum politics of countries and it 's fault of western countries that they have such benevolent policy that the whole world comes to them . 
  yes , some are living up to their obligations and some are not . 
  it would almost be funny if it were n't so sad . 
  so many people from the eastern bloc sought refuge in the west during the cold war and now that another part of the world is in trouble and its people are seeking refuge , that same part of europe is turning its back . 
  my own family left eastern europe the moment they had a chance and so it really does n't surprise me that anyone who has a choice tries to reach sweden instead of hungary . 
  cool story , but not really accurate . 
  all eu countries have fundamentally the same regulations when it comes to asylum , either through their own laws or because they signed up to the eu charter of fundamental rights , to the european convention on human rights or to the un charter . 
  the main reason hwy some countries are n't dealing with refugees right now is because they are not located at one of the eu 's external borders in question , not because they crafted their laws so masterfully . 
  until the refugee numbers increased , the eu had made a deal to have the states at the border deal with them . 
  now , it 's too much just for them , that 's why they need the hinterland to help them out . 
  `` internally '' it 's already rather clear that it wo n't be 2027 . 
  i 'd apologise but the set-backs are fundamentally caused by politics and not the scientists or the technology . 
  pretty sure every country has a thing called public disturbance . 
  that 's why bavaria still is an agricultural state dependent on handouts from the other states , right ? 
  hmmm , not quite . 
  had roughly the same experience as you had in the physics department of tum . 
  edit : in my personal experience , how much a discipline relies on modern technology determines how much they employ it . 
  for example , i 'm not surprised that a `` general purpose '' university does n't have a single id card for all of its facilities . 
  tum probably would n't have it either if it was n't employing as many techies that expect it . 
  hardly . 
  france is a net contributor to the eu budget and its per capita economic numbers are above eurozone average . 
  huh ? 
  as of this comment there are 16 submissions newer than this one and only 3 of them are about refugees . 
  if i go back 10 submissions from this one , i find 2 about migration . 
  so , around 80 % of submissions are not about this and yet , here we are . 
  protectionism cuts both ways . 
  if one side limits access to those jobs , the others will limit access to what comes out of these job . 
  ultimately , everyone loses . 
   you know muslims are n't completely defined by thier religion that 's not what i 've been reading on this sub ... 
  repeating the old canard of irreconcilable cultural differences over and over again does n't suddenly make it true . 
  it 's just another excuse for the same old xenophobia that any group can face . 
  i mean , see how americans treated every kind of newcomers . 
  everyone was apparently too different at some point , the irish , the italians , and so on , and look where they are now . 
  this is the same thing again . 
  people are alike everywhere . 
  in any country where officials put at least a little thought into it , refugees get dispersed across the country . 
  their benefits depend on it so they ca n't just move somewhere else . 
  for example , for germany that means 1 refugee will , on average , be around hundreds of natives -- every year at a rate of hundreds of thousands coming in . 
  for the whole of europe , the numbers would be even tamer . 
  the reason why , at least in germany , refugees do n't work is because they are not allowed to , not because they do n't want to . 
  however , afaik legislation is being prepared to change that . 
  how do you apply for asylum legally from the outside ? 
  ok , then at best it 's bad journalism , at worst it 's propaganda . 
  common tactic . 
  publish misinformation , enjoy the outrage , then publish a correction that no one will notice . 
  what is and is n't a refugee is n't something we have to decide now because it has already been decided decades ago and it 's entirely based on being forced to flee your home , not on where you end up . 
   ( ... ) the term `` refugee '' shall apply to any person who ( ... ) owing to well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion , is outside the country of his nationality and is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to avail himself of the protection of that country ; or who , not having a nationality and being outside the country of his former habitual residence as a result of such events , is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to return to it . 
  from the convention relating to the status of refugees . 
  such an international convention does not exist . 
  but feel free to cite the legal act establishing it , if you find one . 
  the only thing remotely comparable is the european law that states that the first eu country they enter should deal with them . 
  that may have made sense when there were n't many refugees , but nowadays it 's unfair to leave the border states to deal with it n their own . 
  fine by me , the logistics of the processing camps are not what 's important but what comes after someone has been accepted . 
  and what will i do with your guarantee ? 
  roma & co. are also europeans so we 'll have to find a way to live together -- at the latest when the west balkans accede to the eu . 
  be that as it may , it 's a downstream issue . 
  i think germany as a single country with a fifth of the eu 's population and economy should n't have to deal with way way more than a fifth of all applicants on its own in the first place . 
  if we have a common space with freedom of movement , then it would make the most sense to set-up processing centres at the eu/schengen external borders and determine the applicants ' refugee status with due process right there instead of having them trek through europe . 
  but for that europe needs to agree on who qualifies for asylum and where to host those that are accepted . 
  germany does n't take 800k . 
  that 's how many the german government estimates will apply for asylum this year ( which i think is too high , but we 'll see ) . 
  of that number , about half are expected to be from the balkan countries .
