  looks like my tax is around 500 euros less in france . 
  it 's more than one generation of nuclear reactors , and the newer , the safer . 
  but fine , let the data collection continue . 
  you are right about risk . 
  but fossil fuels are a constantly ongoing catastrophe . 
  not just directly , seeing as they kill orders of magnitude more people per twh of energy produced , but also through environmental damage . 
  all while especially in germany we are being deluded into thinking that renewables will solve all that just in time , [ when fairly simple maths show us that this is rather unlikely ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5bvbfwuq-q ) . 
  the dangers of nuclear energy are not way out of proportion . 
  the last half century has shown us that nuclear power is less dangerous than e.g. 
  fossil fuels . 
  yet , people do n't make much of a fuss about them . 
  they also do n't make much of a fuss over the 4 german terminal storage facilities for chemical waste . 
  yet , chemical waste has no half-life . 
  and the barrel dump is not so mind-boggling when you know a bit about its background : http://www.kerngedanken.de/2013/12/geschichten-aus-der-asse-stapeln-oder-hinschmeissen/ i 'm not convinced that private nuclear industry is working well and i do n't advocate for-profit operators running nuclear power plants . 
  i do n't know why the barrels are not picked up . 
  i guess they are not considered dangerous enough to warrant the expense . 
  that is a better example , thanks . 
  okay , now i skimmed it . 
  we do n't dump barrels into the sea any more , so what does this have to do with the pipes at la hague ? 
  i 'm sorry , i think i misunderstood you . 
  i thought you were talking about regulations at the time of construction . 
  now , i ca n't find a source for this , but i distinctly remember hearing that daiichi was actually scheduled for decommissioning in late 2011 before the accident happened . 
  and yeah , i can actually say whether it was because of wear and tear or not because i had the pleasure of listening to a geh engineer discuss this at the local chair of nuclear engineering . 
  daiichi hat a construction error that daini does n't have : the backup diesel generators are not placed in an area that is easily inundated . 
  and with backup power , no hydrogen explosions because ventilation keeps working and no melt-down , because cooling keeps working . 
  it 's weird that the guy in the article claims this would be too hard to fix , considering that younger plants all fixed this weakness . 
  then again , i do agree that `` regulatory capture , corruption , and national economic interest at the expense of individual safety '' is a thing . 
  i am also not in favour of nuclear power plants in private hands . 
  anyway , i did n't mean to put words in your mouth or anything . 
  again , sorry . 
  ( fun fact at the end , the small passive cooling system at daiichi was designed for 8h operations and worked for 72h , surpassing its design target by 800 % . ), 
  i do n't mean to sound arrogant , but if you want to convince a physicist like me , give me something substantiated to read , not to watch . 
  the media is notorious for its incompetence in such matters . 
  thanks . 
  so , czechs actually trust the eu more than the previous government or the current parliament . 
  that makes the number much less scandalous , eh ? 
  be that as it may , you sidestepped what i wrote . 
  why should nuclear power plants be singled out when other technologies can be just as dangerous ? 
  for example , the bhopal accident killed well over 3000 people , some say up to 25000 and had up to half a million people come into contact with the dangerous substance ( s ) . 
  many still suffer from the consequences , 30 years later . 
  do you think the huge german chemical industry should insure its facilities against such accidents by itself , too ? 
  nuclear plants in germany are privately insured up to 2 billion euros . 
  can an accident go beyond that ? 
  sure . 
  but so can the damage of a breaking dam or chemical plant . 
  they are not insured with higher sums either . 
  i wish i could buy french electricity at french prices in germany . 
  where 's my single market ? 
  i ca n't comment on the situation in other countries , but in germany nuclear operators have to have reserves to pay for terminal storage . 
  currently their savings are well over 30 billion euros . 
  and france and the uk pumping some lowly radioactive fluids into the ocean is barely different from our cars emitting co2 . 
  both radiation and co2 exist in nature , only the amount determines whether it 's dangerous or not . 
  nuclear power plants are insured up to an upper limit like any other object . 
  now , one can certainly demand that even the worst conceivable accident has to be covered by the insurance . 
  however , if we were to apply that standard to all our technology ( dams , planes , chemical plants , ... ) , * nothing * would be economical . 
  fukushima daiichi was built in the 60s when japan was simply not so wealthy and could n't affort the latest and greatest . 
  the 10 year younger fukushima daini was hit by the same natural disaster and barely made any headlines as it turned off as planned . 
  there is no conspiracy here . 
  if there was , the newer plant should have had even lower safety margins , which was demonstrably not the case . 
  how does czech trust in national institutions look like ? 
  i 'm asking because of the numbers shown in here : http://www.bruegel.org/nc/blog/detail/article/1153-is-there-a-path-to-political-union/, 
  if there are no lobbies , how do m ( e ) ps learn about what is important to the electorate ? 
  somehow feedback needs to be channelled to them . 
  if you 've ever called a representative or donated to an organisation like la quadrature du net you , too , are lobbying . 
  perhaps you are mistaking corruption with lobbying ? 
  worked for us back in the day . 
  this infographic has probably all you need to know : http://i.imgur.com/sfoqjat.jpg which nations : see picture . 
  when : see picture . 
  which party is currently in power ? 
  no one really , but the conservatives ( epp ) have the biggest group . 
  how popular are they ? 
  varies a lot , generally less turnout than national elections . 
  be that as it may , it 's no argument for an even worse system . 
  i do n't want e-voting . 
  it 's too easily manipulable . 
  when you equate ( anti-russian-government ) nationalists with actual nazis , you trivialise national socialism . 
  i do n't like either , but they are not the same . 
  you did n't name bad things , you just repeated russian propaganda . 
  the only reported instances of anti-semitism , for instance , did n't occur in the pro-western-dominated regions . 
  `` nazis '' ... there is an area where journalists are beaten up , observers are denied entry , gunmen patrol the streets and minorities find markings on their doors . 
  it 's not the area the eu supports . 
  what austerity ? 
  ukraine is a poor country that ca n't provide that many services in the first place . 
  deal with the corruption , invest in useful things , they 'll come out way better than they went in . 
  * our * $ 11bn wo n't be going into the oligarch 's pockets ... well , not all of it , anyway . 
  i 'm not sure what you are trying to tell us . 
  do you have any substantiated accusations or are you just trying to spread fud ? 
   farage , as you may know , is ruthless when it comes to debate , and will probably destroy clegg . 
  i would n't be so sure . 
  shouting from a soap box , unopposed , is not debating . 
  thankfully no one talks about what we do with our chemical waste ... or we 'd never get anything done in this country . 
  unfortunately , their power densities are not that much better or even worse . 
   i 'd say that , for the hungarian people themselves , their biggest problem with the eu is that it forces hungary to take care of hundreds ( sometimes thousands ) of refugees from countries which were colonies of western european states at one point . 
  hungarians never colonized africa , asia or the americas , so they have no sympathy for the problems of the western european states regarding the massive influx of immigrants from those ex-colonies . 
  however , because of the eu 's freedom of movement idea , it becomes a problem once every now and then . 
  something is n't right here . 
  refugees have to stay in the eu country they first step in and that 's about the entire noteworthy eu legislation on that topic , no ? 
   if the eu does n't help us with economic growth we 'll help each other who do you think [ paid for this bridge ] ( http://ro.wikipedia.org/wiki/podul_calafat-vidin#finan.c8.9bare ) ? 
  you know you do n't have to vote for epp if you do n't like them ... 
  i know i wo n't .
