  i think a map with the televoting rank would be be more meaningful . 
   because memes and other social network phenomena are an easier way of baiting the voters than having an actual programme and not being wankers in general . 
  and whose fault is that ? 
  the voters ' fault . 
  they just give them what they want . 
  same everywhere ... 
  most places would probably love to become a us state . 
  the wurst was chosen because in german `` wurst '' can also mean `` irrelevant '' or `` whatever . '', 
  the artist chose the name because it did n't matter -- her own words . 
  internet comments in general suck . 
  would n't take too much from these . 
  i 'm sorry that happened to you . 
  just know that this was as much unrepresentative of europe as you were of america . 
  the fuel production generates co2 , true . 
  in comparison to other power sources that can generate that much power , it 's basically * nothing * . 
  keep in mind that an average coal power plant burns several trains filled with coal in a single day . 
  if we generated all our power by nuclear means , we would n't face climate change ( especially because then we 'd also harvest the nuclear fuel using nuclear power , i.e. 
  completely co2-free ) . 
  party list proportional representation . 
  the non-ukip `` independents '' might collect enough votes to cost ukip a seat or more while individually each of them has not enough votes for a single seat , thus harming their side . 
  the effect is less pronounced in pr systems , true , but the british constituencies are too small to treat the discrete seats like a continuum . 
  split aaaaaall the votes . 
  i do n't think you 'll now find an issue as polarising as slavery and the economy built on top of it , though . 
  i do n't subscribe to the `` evil '' part . 
  but some people do . 
  individual countries can act such that it they have small gains to the detriment of the others while solutions that benefit everyone are out of reach . 
  an example are some of germany 's beggar-thy-neighbour-like policies or another one would be the unhealthy business relations of some european countries with russia that create dependencies that divide europe to russia 's advantage . 
  things like an energy union where we buy our gas together can fix this -- it 's also one more step towards the `` evil use . '', 
  i do n't hate anyone . 
  i would be amazed if an internet comment would bring push me to hate an internet stranger . 
   entre boston et philadelphie well , that almost got awkward . 
  thankfully they were both in the north . 
  i thought fruit were separable from the plant whereas vegetables * are * the plant ? 
  europe is trying to break out of a huge prisoner 's dilemma here . 
  we 're in the dilemma already . 
  the only question is , how do we get out of it ? 
  your answer * is n't * going to get us out of it . 
  max-planck ` er here : yep . 
  technically i 'm registered at a university and so are many others , but my publications only credit the institute , not the university . 
  not sure how authoritative these rankings are when they do n't take such differences between the systems into account . 
  that 's , in fact , the original phrasing of the expression . 
  i * think * ketchup [ refers ] ( http://www.zeit.de/politik/ausland/2014-05/faktencheck-uk-independence-party/komplettansicht ) to this article . 
  you can run it through a translator to get a rough idea . 
  i know you `` re just joking , but for completeness :  further in leaflet no . 
  35 , the eu described their vision of european socialism . 
  they defined what it did and did not mean . 
  '' ... socialism does not mean the eradication of the bourgeoisie , the suspension of private property and creation of a bloody dictatorship of dogmatic marxists , [ but rather the ] elimination of private interests from politics and economy , '' and a `` liberation of the individual from economic paternalism . '', 
  i do n't know how old you are but i 'm sure there 's still time . 
  until recently i was a very active member of the german pirates . 
  but now i have to focus more on my work . 
  you are sort of right , my second home is somewhere between spd and fdp . 
  unfortunately , the two have n't been very close in the last decades ... 
  first , i do n't care about downvotes . 
  but thanks . 
  second , i understand what you mean now . 
  although i do think we should wait out to see what the result will really be instead of relying on spies and speculation . 
  perhaps our discussion is completely unfounded . 
  lastly , personally , i 'm not in favour of an ftt , so i do n't even want this to be enacted in the first place . 
  having said that , some of the biggest supporters of such a tax are , in fact , [ based in the uk ] ( http://robinhoodtax.org.uk/whos-behind-it/supporters ) ( or even in the us , if you remove the . uk from the url ) . 
  so please , do n't paint this as an uk vs. reu stand-off . 
  it 's not . 
  yes , all 1 billion somalis will come to poland . 
  just a moment after all 30 million bulgarians and romanians moved to britain . 
  because human beings help each other in time of grave need . 
  we 'd even help you , even though you might not return the favour . 
  you do know what asylum means , right ? 
  refuge , shelter from harm . 
  skills and education do n't matter . 
  i still do n't understand why their cooperation is really necessary . 
  i mean , i understand why it would make it easier . 
  but a german entity , to stay with your example , is subject to german law and will have to comply regardless of whether ny/l/hk help enforce it . 
  if they do n't , they commit tax evasion and will sooner or later be held responsible . 
  so , assuming london has to do anything , the others wo n't be better off as long as the domestic tax collectors are vigilant . 
  where are you taking this from ? 
  to me , if the branch in new york counts as not based in one of the 11 states , then so does the branch in london . 
  i do n't understand how this assistance would put london at a disadvantage compared to ny or hk . 
  parties outside of the 11 eu states with the ftt are not affected at all , and in ny or hk the parties that * are * based in the 11 states will be held liable for the tax . 
  are you telling me that aside from keeping track of who trades in london , which certainly already happens , notifying the 11 exchequers where necessary would be * such * a burden ? 
  to me that sounds like a one-time software update . 
   the ftt is meant to eventually apply to any transaction , anywhere in the world , carried out by a financial entity which is based in one of the 11 eu states . 
  whether the uk is in the eu or not makes no difference to this tax . 
  what i wrote was a response to the poster with the american flag who insinuated that finland is somehow more autonomous and less of a puppet because it 's outside of nato . 
  i just reminded everyone that nato is less of a burden on someone 's autonomy than certain other parties . 
  i 'd take some in my basement , but they wo n't let me . 
  it 'd cut my heating bill and clean my drinking water , but noooo ... no , seriously . 
  if no one had politicised the issue , we 'd probably already have a terminal storage facility . 
  i mean , we have 4 of them for chemical waste , and that does n't even decay . 
  all western agreements would fall apart if we did n't protect estonia as promised . 
  this can not happen . 
  `` can we do this or would it upset russia ? '', 
  totally not someone 's puppet state and completely autonomous . 
  yeah , propaganda is powerful . 
  they 're all victims . 
  the german anti-west community is really adamant that they were not osce observers because they were only there on the basis of an osce document and not a deliberate osce decision . 
  some even claim they were nato-spies . 
  not sure why nato would send spies who openly identify as foreign military officers and include a swede ( neutral country outside of nato ) , but logical inconsistencies never stopped anyone with a proper ideology . 
  stop focussing on the flags of posters , please . 
  yes , that goes without saying . 
  but aside from 40 years of communism , a decade of chaos and the crisis , what is holding them back ? 
  no shit .
