  people see a map of isis territory and are amazed at how much they control , forgetting that most of it is endless sand . 
  these countries are not as big oil producers as they might appear . 
  in 2011 , before the crises got hot , iraq was on 12th place world-wide with just under 3 % of world-wide production and the other two did n't even show in the top 20 . 
  still , most of iraq 's oil fields are and remain in government hand . 
  that can not be said for saudi-arabia ( especially not them ) . 
  regardless , the low oil price is a politically motivated price war that saudi-arabia can stop rather easily . 
  what will they do ? 
  only a minority is willing to risk their lives to cross the sea . 
  that wo n't change . 
  as for your lively imagination : there 's no point in discussing this , it 's pure speculation . 
  economic migrants from africa generally do n't get accepted as refugees , so that 's a non-issue . 
  their numbers are comparably small anyway . 
  as i 've sketched in another comment , the number of syrians fleeing has already begun to drop and a linear extrapolation will fail because at the current rate the entire country would be emptied in maybe 15 years . 
  we do n't have to do it cheaply . 
  we 're far away from even a million syrians and europe 's economy is much much stronger . 
  you know , neither the countries of origin nor their acceptance rates are a secret . 
  only a very small share comes from typically poor areas of africa and many of them do n't qualify for asylum . 
  it 's a red herring . 
  i 'm not going to lie , i 'd prefer borders to be as open as practically possible . 
  if practicality sets limits , we should absolutely give preferential treatment to genuine refugees over regular migrants . 
  but as you say , unfortunately even that second part seems to be too much for some people . 
  in a way your guess is as good as mine . 
  but there are two counter-arguments to yours , i think : 1 . 
  i 'm reasonably certain that the oil-producing countries will not suffer the same fate because the oil-consumers of the world will see to that . 
  no one has an interest in actually setting the region on fire , not europe , not america , not russia . 
  assuming your guess were to be correct , even then the refugee streams from the areas of conflict ca n't continue like this for much longer : a fifth of its population has already fled the country ( the vast majority not reaching europe ) in the last 3 years , so the entire country would be empty within 20 years . 
  obviously somewhere before that is where linear extrapolation breaks down , which is also supported by the actual numbers : [ the stream is already smaller than in 2013 ] ( http://d2zyf8ayvg1369.cloudfront.net/sites/default/files/styles/imagestack/adaptive-image/public/mercycorps_syriacrisisrefugeesgraph_0215.jpg ) . 
  overall i think we can both agree that our countries are pretty well-off . 
  if it 's an insurmountable problem to house and feed some refugees , many of whom actually want to work to pay for themselves , then we need to have good look at what is wrong with our countries . 
  it ca n't be that lebanon with its mediocre economy and 3m population can cope with a million refugees but the uk or the federal republic ca n't handle some hundreds of thousands . 
  it 's a peak event because the numbers are not the peacetime baseline and sooner or later there will be a resolution to the underlying conflicts . 
  even at the rate of 1/80 of germany 's population ( which is misleading because of balkan applicants ) every 2 years , it 's very likely for a resolution to emerge before this naively constructed trend will actually become too much to bear . 
  new york did n't drown in horse shit either . 
  i do n't know enough to make an authoritative statement . 
  i guess those from the balkans that make up almost half of all applicants this year will soon understand that most of them do n't actually qualify for asylum and their numbers will go back down rather quickly ( someone else in the thread commented on that aspect , too ) . 
  i mean , except bosnia and kosovo , all countries are well on track to become eu member states anyway . 
  as for syria and libya , i feel like i do n't know enough to make an estimate about when their situation will stabilise . 
  for their sake , i hope it 'll happen soon . 
  that inequality is harmful for economic growth and development is , by now , a consensus among economists . 
  if you are insinuating that i 'm some sort of deviant for subscribing to that idea , then this really is pointless . 
  edit : and also , once money changes hands again , it is taxed * again * . 
  i do n't see why this principle should be suspended just because it 's changing hands between relatives . 
  i 'm not denying anyone 's property rights because i demand taxes on income and that 's all an inheritance is -- extra income . 
  i do n't see why unearned income should be taxed less than income from actual work . 
  if you derive a trend out of a peak event , you probably should n't call others idiots . 
  i mean , in 1991 250k people applied for asylum in germany , in '92 there were already 440k , so by now we get 5 million per year and house something like 60 million refugees , are n't we . 
  we * have * a `` soft ban '' called inheritance taxes . 
  should be much higher though , they 're nowhere high enough to prevent the emergence of money nobility . 
  this misses the point . 
  maybe you can make an argument about your parents or even your grandparents -- people who have some meaningful relationship to you -- but beyond that you are just misappropriating other people 's achievements . 
  achievements to which you have no special claim whatsoever because you have done no more to deserve one than anyone else in this world . 
  the conflicts in the mena region are consequences of century-old local conflicts plus external meddling . 
  no , say , syrian is possibly responsible for any of this just as much as we are not possibly responsible for the peace we enjoy . 
  why what ? 
  an attempt at debunking something is not the same as actually debunking it . 
  you have argued that earlier generations created modern countries , not why you are more entitled to the fruits of their labour more than any other member of the current generation . 
  i 'm sure many syrians would have chosen to be born to european parents if they could make that choice , but , alas , no one chooses their parents . 
  deriving a sense of entitlement from winning the birthplace lottery is unreasonable . 
  edit : salty downvoters do n't like it when someone calls out their sense of entitlement to other people 's achievements . 
  unfortunately your first example is what `` cultural discussions '' on / r/europe usually amount to -- passing judgement on individuals based on stereotypes and then advocating policies based on these judgements . 
  there is no need to read minds . 
  i do n't know whether you really do n't get it or do n't want to get it . 
  the problem is not respecting the individual . 
  it 's just another fancy way of judging someone by association rather than as the person they are . 
  it 's still bigotry . 
   january 12 , 2010, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ '' i personally think germany has a huge problem with cultural contamination . 
  i remember a time when german values where , as their name suggests , valued . 
  but that time seems to have come to an end . 
  almost every show on television seems to have a token minority character who ca n't speak proper german . 
  even if it 's non-fiction it 's hard to evade the desecration of the german tongue . 
  even when they receive prizes for all sorts of achievements , be they in sports or `` cultural '' , they can barely say their thanks in anything even remotely resembeling a clear-cut , proper german fit for the occasion . 
  it 's so extreme now , even how other countries view germany has been heavily influenced by all those unwanted cultural items . 
  ask anyone from outside of germany what comes to their mind when they think of our country !, 
  the stupid clothes and disgusting food and broken german of `` fellow citizens '' is what they are sure to come up with , not the things that used to make germany great to the world . 
  they want to share our wealth and freedom and justice , but they want to stand above everyone else and have the honest german worker finance their lifes while they turn germany into a mirror image of their home country . 
  it is destestable , it is intolerable , and it demands to be faught against . 
  that is why i wholy support the expulsion of the bavarian people from germany . 
  ^ ^ ^ '' [ source ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2r0nvr/poll_one_in_8_germans_would_join_antimuslim/cnbchbd ), 
  this is n't about good or bad . 
  xenophobes insist islam is utterly incompatible with european values but these numbers show us that many muslims are perfectly average [ in the european context ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/recognition_of_same-sex_unions_in_europe#opinion_polls ) . 
  the allegedly irreconcilable rift does n't exist . 
  there are countless different groups and billions of different individuals , but admitting that is not part of the narrative madace is referring to . 
  so , according to you , who is making the decisions ? 
  maybe . 
  maybe it 's because the supply chains for cars are pretty complex and there is no exchange rate risk within the eurozone so they can more easily establish the best possible supply chains across 19 countries instead of just 1 . 
  you know why the world ( western , at least ) was so shocked at the nazi crimes ? 
  because they revealed what humans were capable of . 
  the idea that a people that was widely considered to be perhaps the most civilised of all could commit such terrible crimes was eye-opening . 
  this and things like the [ milgram experiment ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/milgram_experiment ) should have taught all of us that such heinous acts are not something that sets monsters apart from humans -- on the contrary , the ability to commit them is something the average person carries with them . 
  you look at isis and it scares you because you see monsters , but it should scare you more that they are people just like us . 
  that most of us carry these demons around and that apparently it does n't take so much to unleash them . 
  we need to build a society that can stop that from happening and the most essential step is to stop all attempts to dehumanise other humans . 
  because dehumanising someone is what enables our cruelty against that someone . 
  it 's what worked for the nazis , it 's what works for isis , it 's what we ca n't do if we want to defeat them . 
  it 's noble of you to push back against these wackos but do n't expect to change their opinion . 
  some people are just too crude to get it . 
  their sense of justice has barely moved past an eye for an eye . 
  rehabilitation of criminals is a success story and it 's good that sweden is continuing with it . 
  i understand it is difficult to grasp for some , but we are dealing with human beings and we will try to rehabilitate them if possible .
