  so , perhaps you should look at european infrastructural subsidies in the same way . 
  they are all tied to conditions so stealing the money is fairly difficult , and really go towards improving the situation . 
  mate , i do n't get you . 
  time and time again , different people remind you that switzerland is independent of the eu * on paper only * and is in fact subject to a huge part of its laws with little say in them , just as norway . 
  yet , you always bring them up as examples . 
  their own representatives ' words contradict you !, 
  i mean , it would be ethically questionable if you were to present this as fact when trying to sway other people to your side . 
  but you really seem to believe what you write , i.e. 
  you are lying to * yourself * . 
  i do n't understand how one can prefer to be `` right '' over being truthful -- a swiss deal will not lead britain into a glorious independent future . 
   if this is addressed i do n't mean any unnecessary offence with my next few words but ... people like you piss me off !, 
  i 've spent a substantial part of the last 7-8 years doing work for the pirates , just like my fellow campaigners . 
  no one paid us or anything . 
  and then , people like you have the audacity to make such demands . 
  address this , address that . 
  we 're not professional politicians who made a career out of this , who want to compete on the marketplace of political opinions and do nothing else . 
  we 're regular people who thought we should do something for our society . 
  so , how about this instead : why do n't you take some time out of * your * daily 24 hours and do something to address what you want addressed ? 
  everyone can become a pirate and get his or her hands dirty . 
  yes ? 
  or no ? 
  because if no , do n't be surprised if what you care about wo n't be addressed . 
  by anyone . 
  ever . 
  are you serious ? 
  this is your problem , the points are n't in the right order ? 
  well , i guess you better vote for some other party then . 
  geez . 
  some people . 
  yes , real socialism had lots of different kinds of people systematically purged . 
  the point is that far-left ideology must be twisted to allow something like that while the far-right ideology aims for that from the beginning . 
  if communism could actually be enacted , we 'd all live in a fairy-tale utopia , peacefully . 
  it fails because it 's utopian ( for now , at least ) , not because the ultimate goal is despicable . 
  when she 's 63 she can get < years she served  * 3.5 % of her salary as pension . 
  she 's not even 30 yet , though . 
  because you ca n't argue with people about their other-ness , you ca n't take it away from them . 
  they 'll always be from where they are , they 'll always have that skin colour , or whatever . 
  the only way to fix otherness is to get rid of the persons that are perceived as different . 
  historically , that meant everything from ethnic cleansing to genocide . 
  in contrast , the far-left * can * be pretty bad for people for reasons that they do have control of : their wealth , above all . 
  you can switch sides and join the far-left if you want to be left in peace by them -- you can never join the far-right if you are n't on their side by default . 
  pirates have been instrumental in the fight for net neutrality and all things related to privacy . 
  yes !, 
  but she takes it well , i hear . 
  she 's done a lot of good and can be proud of her accomplishments . 
  that 's ... not funny . 
  i can get cheaper clowns that do n't write my laws as a * side * gig . 
  there are plenty of answers . 
  but they tend to be systematically disadvantageous because they do n't fit into sound bites . 
  the union is morphing from a union of states to a union of the peoples , and that process has n't yet finished , mostly due to resistance from the states themselves . 
  how can you say the uk is democratic at all if its government is appointed by an unelected monarch ? 
  right , because de facto it 's the largest democratically elected party in parliament that forms a government , just like de facto the commission initiates legislation on behalf of parliament whenever parliament demands an initiative . 
  in fact , for perhaps the first time in history , small european countries are not just ruled over , but they get a fair seat at the table . 
  really not something to laugh at . 
  romania and bulgaria did better though . 
  in german , there is no word or phrase for common sense . 
  we call it ` healthy sense . ', 
  it 's not enough for it to be common , it also has to , you know , actually make sense . 
  probably not with that attitude , no . 
  and this time , i do n't even mean this as a joke . 
  yes , julia reda will go to brussels for the german pirates . 
  i 'm sure she 'll do a great job , but more pirates would have meant even more influence . 
  sad about the pirate result . 
  engstr\u00f6m and andersdotter did fantastic work and swedes reward this by taking away both their seats . 
  except populism means giving simple , wrong answers to complex questions . 
  of course , they always claim to be democrats , when they really just are pied pipers . 
  central-east europe , why do you care so little ? 
  this shit is happening all over the world in one form or the other . 
  at some point , we have to make a stand . 
  `` what better place than here , what better time than now ? '', 
  europeans are used to most of their neighbours being white . 
  it will really take some time to catch up with the us . 
  having said that , remember how dire the situation was just in the middle of the last century in america . 
  it 's already better than that over here , so it probably wo n't require 200 years to catch up . 
  it could be worse , but instead it gets better . 
  the cap is shrinking , the final form of the ftt is not yet announced , the free market is expanding . 
  to paraphrase a `` yes , minister '' skit : yes , it does , to break their protectionism from the inside . 
  someone advocating a uk exit from the eu should n't be happy about fn . 
  their protectionism is certainly not in the uk 's interest . 
  keep in mind that they only get their mep because germany dropped the threshold and ~ 1 % now really results in a seat . 
  it 's not like more people voted for them than usually . 
   the turnout is really low , under 13 percent . 
  that 's fucked up . 
  why is it * so * low ? 
  what 's the usual turnout at national elections ? 
  why are the results in one individual country stickied in / r/europe ? 
   neos - neoconservatives what makes neos that ? 
  most of that probably went to cyprus . 
  his user name means `` all gypsies are garbage , '' so at least he is `` consistent . '', 
  that could have been said at any point in his history about any emerging identity . 
  someone more knowledgeable correct me if i 'm wrong , but when slovenia left yugoslavia it took a bulk of its industry with it . 
  that should have been a plus . 
  that , and whatever else they did right . 
  clearly , you could fuck up industry just fine , but they did n't . 
  well done , truly . 
  yeah , he was in a far-left organisation in his early twenties . 
  better hold it against him for the rest of his life ... 
  who has a referendum or not is really a national question , so i 'm not sure why it 's even brought up here . 
  if a country decides not to have one or to allegedly disregard its results , it is that county 's political system that deserves the blame , no one else . 
   of the countries that were granted a referendum they all rejected it .
