  they will most definitely be rejected -- many come from eu candidate countries , so it 's hard to believe that so many are suddenly threatened . 
  if someone is granted protection , they will be distributed to cities and villages across the whole country . 
  that prevents the over-burdening of individual places and helps the newcomers integrate by increasing their contact with the long-time residents . 
  in the end , were germany really to grant asylum to 50 % * 800k in this year , that would amount to a manageable 1 refugee for every 200 residents . 
  that 's a population growth 0.5 % / year , which many countries actually surpass by their own devices without falling into despair . 
  you choose to be a member of isis . 
  that 's an individual 's action and you can judge that person because of it . 
  however , no one can choose where they are born . 
  judging someone from saudi-arabia purely because he is from there and a lot of his countrymen are wahabis is not judging that individual 's actions . 
  is this really supported by the actual upvote numbers ? 
  really popular submissions on / r/europe get 4 digit upvote values , the constant immigration barrage often does n't even escape 2 digits -- but there 's just so much that some of it sticks . 
  i think what the mods have been saying and what we 've occasionally seen ourselves is more likely : this sub is systematically brigaded from the outside . 
  i agree . 
  either megathreads , a quota or even something like a migration monday . 
  something to give the other european topics more air to breathe . 
   i agree that a filter would be a good idea , so that users who are tired of the debate can easier filter it out . 
  i 'd like to encourage people who are pro-immigration/asylum to not abandon the discussion , though . 
  i appreciate users who 're willing to argue in favor of less popular views , be it on immigration , ttip , russia or whatever , even if i may disagree with you . 
  your counterbalance is needed to make this sub as informative as we can . 
  this is exactly what will happen with filters , people * will * abandon the threads and they * will * turn into ugly echo-chambers . 
  people will look into / r/europe without filters , either on their frontpage , in a multisub or on mobile , and turn away from the cesspool it has become . 
  this kills the sub . 
  filters are n't a good idea . 
  for all intents and purposes , there is no discussion about the system of government . 
  i guess you can call it at least not unpopular because it 's not attracting noticeable criticism . 
  the chambers come into disagreement all the time . 
  otherwise you would n't need them , would you ? 
  when this happens , laws are sent to the so-called [ mediation committee ] ( http://www.bundestag.de/htdocs_e/bundestag/committees/mediation ) . 
  i 'm not aware of any prominent grid-locks in that system , if that 's what you are looking for . 
  germany has a lower chamber , the [ bundestag ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bundestag ) , and an upper chamber , the [ bundesrat ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bundesrat_of_germany ) . 
  the bundestag is elected under [ mmp ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mixed-member_proportional_representation ) , so roughly 1/2 are mps from constituencies and about 1/2 are elected under a state-wide party list system such that the national end result matches the proportional result very closely . 
  the bundesrat is not directly elected but consists of the state governments , each state having between 3 and 6 seats ( so it 's over-representing the small ones ) . 
  some national laws have to pass both chambers , some only have to go through the bundestag . 
  those that have to go through both usually affect the states is some way . 
  which ones are which comes out of the constitution . 
  in general i think it works fairly well . 
  sometimes there are discussions about which power should lie with what level of government , but that 's about it . 
  while we 're at it , the eu itself actually has a comparable set-up : the european parliament is elected by all europeans while the council of the european union consists of members of our national governments ( and , imho , is behind most of the things we tend to find annoying about the eu , but that 's maybe another story ) . 
  most of the eu 's legal acts have to be passed by both chambers before they can come into force . 
  really ? 
  where in europe was last week 's terror attack ? 
  there are tens of millions of muslims in europe . 
  if what you wrote was even remotely accurate , we 'd have attacks every single day . 
  maybe you should stop making up numbers . 
  and no , the christian or muslim majority does not indirectly support anything . 
  the individual is responsible for its own actions and nothing else . 
  we have abolished guilt by association . 
  fair enough . 
  hmm , are you sure you do n't have that backwards ? 
  i thought the conservatives were against it while the social democrats wanted it because it will likely be more permissive than what we have now where it 's rather hard for non-eu nationals to move here . 
  the cases where it gets to 100 % are a coincidence . 
  denmark , for example , sum up to 123 % , so some people speak more than one . 
  also , it excludes native languages , so for example the 9 % with english in the uk are probably immigrants who learned english as a second language . 
  you 'll have to find out yourself because no one 's paying me to skim through this stuff and i have other things to do that i do get paid for :d, 
  the table for written understanding is like two pages after the one with oral understanding and has little change in the numbers . 
  i think that 's because news programmes generally strive for good acoustic intelligibility , so the biggest remaining hurdle is vocabulary -- which is problematic for both kinds of media . 
  i would agree with the second part , all news articles should be better sourced . 
  it will take some more time before journalists accept that . 
  until then , politico is pretty reputable . 
  those numbers are nice ( and the easiest to find when googling , are n't they ;-) ) , but they 're probably just spin to get investors . 
  [ here is data from eurobarometer ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/ebs/ebs_386_en.pdf ) . 
  go to page 31 . 
  a mere 18 % believe they are able to understand english-language news on the radio and television , 9 % for german , even fewer people for others . 
  here , i [ put it on imgur ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vi2np3b.png ) for easier access . 
  there 's also a table about news articles a bit later , but it has almost the same numbers . 
  i think we can agree that reading foreign news is the exception in most of europe , not the rule . 
  soon , i hope , but not yet . 
  you have cited two sentences out of the whole article and claimed that they are wrong without providing citations for that assertion . 
  please do . 
  and even if you do , two sentences do n't discredit a whole article of that length . 
  feel free to be more thorough , otherwise i think we can assume that it is fairly accurate , if uncomfortable for you to accept . 
  does n't stop the bigots from proclaiming the incompatibility of refugees ' values with them . 
  yeah , i can see the european values literally ooze out of that guy . 
  just another hypocritical bigot , are you surprised ? 
  this was [ literally today ] ( http://www.wahlrecht.de/umfragen/index.htm ) . 
  the issue has been on the news for quite a while and its supposedly biggest beneficiary , afd , has been slumping in the polls . 
  who 's choosing the right wing ? 
  five parties/groups poll above the 5 % threshold in germany , the centre-right cdu/csu , centre-left spd , left greens , left party , liberal fdp . 
  the next biggest party is a right-wing one ( afd ) and with 3.5 % it 's well away from entering parliament . 
  besides , the german constitution includes this clause : `` property entails obligations . 
  its use shall also serve the public good . '', 
  the mayor would be acting well within the scope of that principle by making use of otherwise empty buildings . 
  first of all , a custom is not a law . 
  it 's not written down anywhere , and even if it were , it 's again missing the point : legalistic arguments are not real arguments for a political discussion . 
  second , people * are * fleeing to their neighbouring countries , which is why turkey and lebanon already host 3 million syrians . 
  it 's too much for them , which is why we should chip in . 
  third , the eu is not overwhelmed , at all . 
  germany * alone * successfully dealt with half a million yearly asylum applications in the early nineties during the balkan wars . 
  it 's absolutely ridiculous to claim that the whole european union with its 500m people and $ 16tn economy is overwhelmed by a similar amount of applicants that a country of 80m and $ 2tn economy managed to deal with over 20 years ago . 
  however , the real problem is that you continue to insist on focussing on poverty when we are primarily concerned with people fleeing warzones . 
  you even link me to a video that talks about mexicans moving to america , as if that had anything to do with people fleeing isis !, 
  the countries of origin of those coming to europe in the recent past and they overwhelmingly not places anyone would consider safe . 
  you can twist this all around as much as you want , it does n't change a thing . 
  at the end of the day , the criteria for being recognised as a refugee are all about the same throughout the entire eu and if any of them applied in an eastern country and would be denied , their own courts would reverse the decision . 
  the only thing preventing this is geography . 
  boq out, 
  from your article :  there is no obligation under the refugee convention or any other instrument of international law that requires refugees to seek asylum in any particular country . 
  if we 'd follow your logic , a jew who leaves germany in 1935 and dares to try to get into britain or america instead of poland , france or czechoslovakia would be an economic migrant . 
  utterly ridiculous . 
  face it , the relevant authorities are granting asylum to refugees from syria in 99 % of all cases .
