  until then , the joint european torus in england will attempt to break its own record : in 1997 they managed to get q = 0.67 , in 2017 they want to get to q = 1 . 
  in the same machine , just using the knowledge gained in the last 20 years !, 
  i might not have been clear in what i wanted to convey . 
  the reason why it makes sense for britain to be in the eu and shape its way is because our destinies are intertwined . 
  britain ( or germany , for that matter ) will do well when europe does well , and they will do badly when europe does badly . 
  whether we are in a union or not just makes the difference between going together in one direction , or everyone going at it alone , even if that means bad things will happen ( see prisoner 's dilemma ) . 
  this sets the relationship between uk and reu apart from all the others . 
  australia is at the other side of the world , it can not have the geopolitical relationships that european countries have because it 's not one of them . 
  their interests can conflict with ( y ) ours much more easily than ours . 
  the one thing that might stand in the way of that would be if we were , despite our geopolitical closeness , culturally or otherwise too different to make it work . 
  but : we are n't . 
  to be honest , i only skimmed it because i was in a hurry . 
  but we can use [ this ] ( http://www.faz.net/aktuell/wirtschaft/2012-in-deutschland-mehr-kohlestrom-und-stromexport-rekord-12020410.html ) instead , if you like it more . 
  however , there is one issue that we need to keep in mind in all of this . 
  electricity is only 17 % of our energy usage . 
  we need to tackle 100 % . 
  [ this ted-talk by a cambridge professor ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5bvbfwuq-q ) paints a broader picture . 
  that 's totally my opinion so i will sit here patiently waiting for someone to respond to you . 
  someone will surely deliver . 
  ( just to reinforce your point , [ a citation for the increased coal usage ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/wirtschaft/unternehmen/kohle-meiler-treiben-deutschen-co2-ausstoss-a-912724.html ) . ), 
  i just wrote a lengthy response and then accidentally reloaded the page . 
  i hate myself . 
  the replacement will be shorter , sorry . 
  i work at a big research institute . 
  i have colleagues from all over the world , even though most of them are from europe . 
  we have no language barrier because we all speak english , even when we go out as friends . 
  we have no class divide , because we all have similar backgrounds ; we are after all all university educated people in the same field . 
  what i 've learned from this : the differences between different people in europe is not bigger than the difference between different people from individual countries . 
  it 's natural . 
  we have closely related histories with prolonged contact , our countries are of similar geography and close to each other . 
  sure , i will not know some of your lullabies or ancient pieces of literature . 
  but , the ways we organise our lives are similar , the way we organise our communities . 
  people from completely different places tend , however , to have significantly different outlooks on life . 
  for some reason , and i blame your success in spreading the english language , quite a few britons tend to see us as more foreign than we see you because for us it 's easier to look into the uk and see what 's going on . 
  and what we see is the same stuff we see at home . 
  you look to us and tend to understand less so we appear more foreign than some people half-way around the world who do share your language and history up to a certain point . 
  but , their fates diverged from yours a long time ago . 
  as for your little lecture on dissenting opinions : that 's exactly what i 'm talking about . 
  you think this is different from , say for instance , germany ? 
  not at all !, 
  we 're known around the globe for telling others our opinions , even if they might offend them . 
  we do n't even [ sugar-coat it like you might ] ( http://tinoseeber.de/wp-content/uploads/brits-say-and-mean.gif ) . 
  and just so you do n't misunderstand me , i do n't argue for melting everything into one homogeneous mass . 
  i like my bavarian breakfast and sometimes i like an english one , thank you very much . 
  but we can and should recognise that we have a lot in common that we can use to build upon to face the challenges of a multipolar world together for the benefit of all of us . 
  ps : both norway and iceland have reservations about the common fisheries policy . 
  considering the shitty state it 's in , i can hardly blame them . 
  though i 'd wish they 'd join simply to make it easier to outvote those that want to keep the status quo . 
  that said , they 're both more integrated than the uk in some regards , i.e. 
  even though the uk is nominally a eu member , i like to think that membership in the borderless area is more a sign of togetherness than letting foreign ships ravage your fishing grounds . 
  sigh . 
  i could welcome both turkey and israel in the eu once they 'd get their houses in order , iran is basically a somewhat distant and very theocratic dictatorship , n. korea a vicious , insane dictatorship , pakistan is almost a failed state ( by the way , we are already half-way round the world so our geopolitical interests start to diverge too much already , even if no other reasons were present ) , china is a ) huge , so we 'd never really be equal partners unless we 'd split up china into its provinces but even then b ) it 'll still be an oriental culture fairly different from our own and c ) a dictatorship . 
  the us is also too big on its own * and * their geopolitical interests differ from ours a lot because they are far away from here . 
  but even i would like to form a union with them -- i doubt they would , seeing as they can nicely influence us to do their bidding without us really being able to do the reverse . 
  so yeah , i think comparing your fellow europeans to these mostly developing countries is pretty nasty * and * frankly either intellectually dishonest or stupid . 
  as for the swiss , norwegians and icelanders : this is harder to tell because their debates about the eu are not as lively as yours so i ca n't really say for sure what the general tone is . 
  that said , i still think it 's bad for them to be outside because they have no representation at the decision-making yet they follow , whether they like it or not , the overwhelming majority of eu legislation . 
  it 's just undemocratic and just an illusion of independence . 
  it could be good for the reu because it might be able to integrate faster , it could be bad for the reu because 60m north-ish people left and took their representatives , voting habits and culture with them . 
  so in the end , the eu might shift further away from british interests . 
  that 's bad because sovereignty in the 21st century has been eroded . 
  countries are more interconnected than ever and larger ones dominate smaller ones , sometimes openly , sometimes more behind the scenes . 
  the norwegian prime minister stoltenberg called his own country a fax democracy because that 's how he is regularly informed about his country 's new laws . 
  does that sound sovereign to you ? 
  because that 's how it 's going to be . 
  probably worse because your politicians have managed to piss off quite a few continentals already , so who knows what deal the uk will get when all is said and done . 
   i can not understand why someone from france , germany , belgium , italy or denmark would have a problem with ukip . 
  1 ) fundamentally what ukip says is `` it would be bad for britain if we shared sovereignty in some areas with people from france , germany , belgium , italy or denmark '' which is imho just a nicer way of saying `` we are better than or in some way too special to share some things with people from france , germany , belgium , italy or denmark . '', 
  either that or if you believe ukip when they claim that every country would be better off alone , it sounds eerily similar to `` separate but equal . '', 
  it 's just nasty . 
  2 ) a uk exit would weaken the union as a whole so i do n't want that . 
  3 ) at the same time , ukip is lying about/misrepresenting many things and a uk exit would , in fact , be bad for britain . 
  but i do n't want bad things to happen to britain . 
  just because some people in britain might not see me as a fellow european i do see them as such and i wish them no harm . 
  and probably more that i ca n't think of right now . 
  parliaments tend to get disciplined when they get to elect the government all by themselves . 
  [ this article/study ] ( http://www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article122524767/migranten-beklagen-hohen-migrantenanteil.html ) disagrees with you . 
  put it through a translator if you do n't speak german . 
  everyone wants the best for their children , going even so far as to sue for a school with less immigrants . 
  and that 's coming from a right-wing newspaper . 
  thank you . 
  a voice of reason !, 
  they are . 
  sometimes my fellow europeans make my head spin . 
  they apparently just ca n't fathom being part of the problem . 
  muslims were totally and perfectly accepted into our societies before that , though , right ? 
  yes . 
  do n't ask hard questions . 
  you 'll only get downvotes . 
  wish i could write / s here . 
  they do n't show up very often , so i do n't know how they could . 
  the uk will most likely not leave the eu . 
  sending people there who wo n't even show up a lot of the time will only help to make decisions that are against your interests , further creating resentment . 
  but whatever , do what you want . 
  but that 's all meps can do : vote for or against a bill . 
  if there is a bill to extend maternity leave , you can vote to do so or not . 
  same goes for the other things . 
  whether you do it because you think it 's not supposed to be done on a european level or because you 're * phobic does n't really make a difference . 
  as for acta : such treaties are shared competency and would need to be ratified in national legislatures and the ep/council . 
  that certain national chambers killed it is nice , but this site 's purpose is to help you vote for the ep .
