  but then again there were also some scots cheering for costa rica , if i remember correctly , so that union flag probably does n't mean much these days . 
  `` but nato !, 
  ! 1 '' incoming in 3 , 2 , 1 ... 
  i agree , considering that the british parties seem to have asked all spitzenkandidaten not to campaign in britain , cameron probably has to vote against any of them . 
  i really think britain needs its referendum sooner rather than later . 
  this is just annoying for everyone . 
  perhaps . 
  or , perhaps people would have got used to it by now . 
  perhaps young people who never knew a britain where the european flag was n't shown would even accept it as their own . 
  i know , horrible . 
  chomsky wrote about manufactured consent , but manufactured conflict seems just as interesting . 
  not all interpretations of this clause are equally valid . 
  most countries of europe have parliamentary systems , and none of them ask these questions after an election before choosing a new executive . 
  cameron 's alleged interpretation is artificial and does n't follow any of our democratic traditions . 
  not britain 's , not germany 's , no one 's . 
  there 's no reason to follow it rather than the traditions we are all used to at home : the biggest group gets the first shot at forming a majority . 
  it 's amusing that this piece of cloth seems to evoke more emotion in britain than in the reu despite it being flown there regularly and not in britan . 
  does cameron know what a phone is ? 
  he could have called his colleagues and told them just that instead of publicly embarassing himself . 
  also , britain has successfully vetoed 2 of last 3 commission presidents , verhofstadt in 2004 and dehaene in 1994 . 
  ~ ~ who has france blocked ? ~ ~ ( need to read more carefully , sorry ) and , did france try to ignore election results by that alleged block ? 
  ( no , because in 2004 parliamentary elections did n't influence the cp nomination . ), 
  i do n't think this assessment is universally valid throughout europe . 
  i 'm sorry , i was unclear . 
  i was referring to `` invasions . '', 
  nato has n't invaded a single country . 
  there has only been one ( ! ), 
  nato operation in the last decades , in afghanistan , with un approval . 
  russia does n't own the countries in its neighbourhood . 
  if they choose to align with nato , which is hard , you really have to jump through a lot of hoops , then that is their right . 
  what you call a conflict over a system of government happened in several countries for the same reason . 
  the syrian war , like the others , was caused by rising food prices . 
  here , following a severe drought that continues , on and off , to this day . 
  considering that the west and its supply chains are responsible for the overwhelming majority of pollution in the world , it is a little too convenient to blame us foreign policy alone . 
  this will only get worse in the future . 
   i want a europe like america were states have a lot more power and the central government does n't really do that much . 
  america had that . 
  it was called the articles of confederation and it did n't work . 
  similar to how our current setup does n't work . 
  i agree that it should n't count towards less peacefulness but i do n't agree that it has kept the peace . 
  neither the ussr nor the usa could be easily conquered through conventional warfare and that is why there has n't been a direct engagement between these two powers . 
  your link itself also explains that mad only refers to nuclear war . 
  i think [ this funny clip ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ix_d_vmkswe ) sums up reality more than some might think : among more or less equal opponents , you need nuclear weapons to make sure the other side ca n't use their nuclear weapons . 
  and that 's about it . 
  if france seemingly ca n't assert itself in the comparably safe , friendly and cooperative environment of the eu , how would it by itself do so on the world stage ? 
  he also spoke german between french and russian . 
  including revision . 
  it takes between 2 to 6 weeks depending on the plant and the necessary work and costs a few * tens * of millions . 
  in contrast , in a year an ordinary nuclear power plant generates several * hundred * millions worth of electricity at 4c/kwh . 
  :d then i must insist that nuclear power plant * operation * is cheap . 
  construction is another question . 
  it 's always nice to meet a fellow physicist , but unfortunately i do n't quite understand what your first sentence has to do with the second . 
  considering just how cheap nuclear operation itself is , i could imagine that even 140bn every few years or decades would not make it uncompetitive . 
  perhaps nuclear power stations simply do n't belong in the hands of private companies . 
  germany is n't even on track to becoming 100 % clean , carbon emissions are rising . 
  if anything , germany should , at least for a while , stop building more and more renewables that just strain an unprepared grid and invest heavily in storage capacity to increase the usage of existing renewables . 
  solar may be at $ 1 per w _ * peak * , i.e. 
  in german conditions around $ 8 per w. additionally , the world 's biggest man-made disasters were not caused by nuclear power stations , but failing chemical plants and breaking dams . 
  if we demand full private insurance for everything , much of modern technology becomes impossible to operate . 
  `` federalisation '' is not going to happen the way some people seem to imagine it . 
  since the beginning of european integration , it has always been step by step . 
  harmonise this , define minimum standards for that , combine this , delegate that . 
  there wo n't be a big bang and then the united states of europe , just gradual change . 
  you are loading the word `` federal '' with meaning that it does n't have . 
  which competencies are delegated to the federation and which are kept to its constituent parts has not been decided . 
  is n't that the point ? 
  neither canada nor mexico * want * russian bases on their soil because america is a good neighbour , as opposed to russia . 
  in your first paragraph you concede that the defence of nato partners is legal , and that is exactly what poland is asking for : credible defence . 
  there are no legalistic excuses here . 
  in school you probably learned `` von deutschem boden soll nie wieder krieg ausgehen `` ( `` war shall never start from german soil again `` ) . 
  that means germany should never again start wars of aggression , not that it should stand idly by while others do . 
  and i 'd prefer lawyers do just do their jobs for the sake of justice rather than money , but at the end of the day both politics and law are just careers . 
  i do n't know what you base that assessment on . 
  personally , i know some people who could make a positive difference in politics , thought about it , but chose not to because they are highly trained professionals who make way more in the private sector . 
  diminishing returns and practical reasons like limited funds . 
  someone well-off will tend to have fewer reasons to take bribes . 
  the opposite is true as well . 
  in the same 5-year period , the eu spends something about $ 600bn . 
  we could certainly try to save some money on the $ 4bn the ep costs , but considering that they spend the other $ 596bn , too , we might not want to do that . 
  unless we 'd want to encourage them to divert some money directly or indirectly towards themselves , i.e. 
  corruption . 
  yep . 
  would n't he have to decline the offer if the people wanted him to be king ? 
  seeing as they 're mostly stupid and ca n't choose the `` right '' kind of leader ? 
  i 'm afraid the joke only works in german . 
  it 's also not the best joke . 
  ask the church if they build some churches in that way . 
  clearly , they have enough money . 
  horizon 2020 does n't fund classified research . 
  americans can read the publications with the results and american citizens can and do work on the projects , too . 
  the scientists are not the settlers or right wingers responsible for the situation . 
  on the contrary , they are usually more liberal and interested in compromise and peace . 
  shutting them out will not punish the ones behind the bad behaviour . 
  instead it would just keep us all from making use of the intellectual potential of israel 's scientists and further the narrative of the hard liners : that everyone hates israel and that they need to be strong and unforgiving . 
  as a matter of fact , i am . 
  playing politics is the brass ' job , so that us lab and computer monkeys can do the science . 
  good !, 
  science  politics . 
   had no idea who juncker is an interesting link regarding this : http://blogs.lse.ac.uk/europpblog/2014/06/09/media-coverage-in-germany-and-the-uk-shows-why-both-countries-have-radically-different-views-over-who-should-be-the-next-commission-president/, 
  are you really this dumb ?
