  it did n't . 
  is america undemocratic because their federal highway subsidies are linked to the drinking age in a state being at least 21 ? 
  of course not . 
  democracy does n't mean you are entitled to someone else 's money without any pre-conditions . 
  if you have 5 % of a company 's shares you can sell your shares , but you ca n't just barge in and take every 20th asset with you . 
  catalans are n't slaves , though , so perhaps find a better analogy . 
  it 's perfectly fine to believe that all of spain belongs to all spaniards and all must vote on breaking off a piece of it . 
  there can be other perfectly fine setups , too , but this is spain 's . 
  by definition , sovereignty is ultimate authority . 
  as long as britain is free to leave , it remains sovereign . 
  what you claim amounts to saying that someone 's being kidnapped because they 're taking a bus . 
  i 'm not sure i understand your question . 
  parliament freely submits to the eu 's legislative and judicial bodies by the european communities act 1972 it itself passed and which it can , at any time , revoke . 
  it is not forced , it submits voluntarily . 
  thus , no sovereignty is lost . 
  it is merely not exercised . 
   encroachment on sovereignty from the brexit white paper : `` whilst parliament has remained sovereign throughout our membership of the eu , it has not always felt like that . '', 
  hmmm . 
  truthiness is at it again !, 
  hegemons are what allowed powerless countries to prosper the way they did , and the current hegemon is america . 
  before that , the strong did what they could and the weak suffered what they must . 
  as the world becomes more multi-polar ( again ) , there is no guarantee that the old order will not return . 
  in fact , it 's absolutely certain that it will . 
  nature abhors vacuum , and that goes for power vacuums as well . 
  i 'd rather have the [ rechtsstaat ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rechtsstaat ) en of the world at the helm than anyone else . 
  of all presidents of the eu , he 's the closest to that title . 
  the european council is sort of the head of union and its president sort of * the * president . 
  equally , the commission president is sort of the prime minister and the president of parliament is essentially its speaker . 
  the council president does not represent any member state . 
  the revolution in iran was in 1979 , so late 70s . 
   cut you off the ee markets , impose strict quotas and heavy duties , tariffs on your products / services that goes both ways and one side has deeper pockets to deal with it . 
   restrict your access to the pool of skilled workers unless you intend to rebuild the iron curtain , i do n't see how that will happen . 
  this is a shitty way of going about things . 
  a place like ireland has legitimate problems due to its location and other factors . 
  if taxes are to be harmonised , they deserve solidarity to cope with the changes , not bullying . 
  i see . 
  i was curious about more details so i googled `` fran\u00e7ois hollande programme '' and this site came out near the top : http://www.luipresident.fr/60-engagements it says he broke only a small part of all his promises . 
  is that wrong ? 
  what were his promises ? 
  western and eastern europe are useful political terms . 
  nothing clueless about it . 
   sure , you ca n't predict extraordinary events , but it 's still much more than fortune telling . 
  many things have large momentum and will evolve along relatively well-known trajectories , e.g. 
  the population . 
  using this alone you can make quite useful estimates of how the future will turn out to be . 
  sure , you ca n't predict extraordinary events , but it 's still much more than fortune telling . 
  i took a quick look in the imf database . 
  in 2012 it estimated about 17 % of growth between 2011 to 2016 for the advanced economies . 
  the actual growth was a little under 20 % . 
  it should be noted that the accuracy of the prediction did vary a lot between individual countries , especially smaller ones . 
  that 's only the increase . 
  you can just call that a country . 
  there 's no country-authority that tells you what is and is n't a country . 
  good lies are n't as obvious as you like them to be , and may often include fake proof . 
  examples can be found on this very message board , e.g. 
  twisted statistics . 
  the saying `` a lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on . '', 
  is not new and did n't lose any merit over time . 
   the answer to bad speech is more speech . 
  i respect snowden a lot , but that 's hogwash . 
  there 's no way you can produce as much `` good speech '' as the other side can produce `` bad speech '' . 
  you can make up lies on the spot . 
  refuting them takes time and effort . 
  you 'll * never * catch up . 
  the whole point behind this is to muddle the water until you do n't know what is and what is n't . 
  because if you do n't know , how could you possibly act ? 
  unlikely . 
  a german currency would make exports more expensive , increasing unemployment . 
  those still employed would need to pay for the unemployed . 
  my idealistic answer would be `` because they are scientists who are interested in the truth . '', 
  however , they wo n't because their organisation 's story is `` look , we can export renewables , renewables are good for our collective wallets ! '', 
  renewables , though , export when there is too much renewable power , which pushes prices down as excess power * needs * to be consumed , further reducing the seeming income generated by their export . 
  by counting conventional power sources as well , this effect is somewhat masked : they export on-demand , e.g. 
  when the french really need more power and are willing to pay for it , as opposed to selling off excess power when the producers have to get rid of it , even at below market-price . 
  it 's a bit dishonest to not remove this portion when discussing renewable power . 
  but that 's exactly what they are doing in the link you provided earlier : defend renewables by showing seemingly positive export numbers . 
  in reality , the price per kwh for electricity from renewables that germany exports is even lower than 4.2 ct/kwh , i.e. 
  even farther away from the its generation costs . 
  divide the numbers in your link : germany took 3.573 billion euros for 84.8 twh of electricity exports . 
  that amounts to about 4.164 cents per kwh . 
  at present , neither wind nor solar can produce electrity at this price point ( see for example [ this fraunhofer publication for some actual generation prices ] ( https://www.ise.fraunhofer.de/content/dam/ise/de/documents/publications/studies/aktuelle-fakten-zur-photovoltaik-in-deutschland.pdf ) ) , hence germany loses money . 
  fraunhofer has an agenda with regards to renewables , and thus they should not be trusted for their conclusions , only for their data . 
  in this case they are not taking out renewable subsidies from the export profits , nor are they removing conventional power sources from the amount of exported energy . 
  this distorts the end result . 
  citizenship through military service is a time-tested approach . 
  dual systems just see one of their parties captured directly or indirectly . 
  see trump/tea party and the republicans , or how the tories have become ukip light . 
  unfortunately the export prices are below market rate because exports tend to only happen during excess renewable availability , so germans actually lose money in this way . 
  it 's an easy calculation ; divide monetary value of german electricity exports by their amount and compare . 
  i feel like this is not enough . 
  needs a bit more [ streitbare demokratie ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/streitbare_demokratie ) . 
  how is this legal ? 
  is there now law that requires parties to have internal democracy ? 
  he has n't warned against more military spending , he warned against looking at military spending only , without considering things like development aid as well . 
  he explained that many security challenges in europe 's neighbourhood can not be solved by arms alone , and that military intervention actually worsened europe 's security situation . 
  development policy could be a better investment . 
  gabriel explicitly did n't say that he is against raising military spending , in fact he said the exact opposite : that europe ca n't rely on the us for its security and that more effort will be needed . 
  but that 's kind of his point , no ? 
  you do n't have to be mentally unwell to accept trump 's behaviour . 
  just be a little wrong , a little misinformed , a little ... well , shallow .
