  if it then still wants to export to the common market , it will have to produce the goods according to the common regulations . 
  if you are from europe , chances are your country does quite a lot of trade with the market and would then need 2 sets of regulations . 
  if you want that , be my guest . 
  switzerland does n't , that 's why the simply implement most of the common market regulations . 
  same for norway , by the way . 
  or they do n't get access , as simple as that . 
  as for your `` right to marshmallows '' comment , excuse me if i do n't want to participate in your race to the bottom . 
   separate issues they are not because a common market and free trade are not synonyms . 
  a common market means you can take any product * produced anywhere in the market and sell it anywhere else without ever asking yourself if you are allowed to do that . 
  that 's achieved by making all producers adhere to the same standards , both to ensure a certain quality of the products and fair competition between producers through labour and social regulations . 
  \\* a few exceptions still remain, 
  there is no such thing as a simple common market . 
  people often seem to confuse free trade with the common market . 
  with very few exceptions , the latter means that you can buy something in scotland , drive all the way to greece and sell it without ever thinking about whether you are allowed to do that . 
  that 's because there is a single set of regulations spanning the entire market , not just for the products themselves but also for the producers -- in order to preserve fair competition . 
  * this * can ** never ** be removed because it is essential for the functioning of the market . 
  15 year bonds start 15 years earlier . 
  bring a note from the doctor ... 
  technically , germany can be divided into 16 constituencies as well , it 's optional for every party . 
  they must be . 
  it wo n't work else , not for long anyway . 
   european commission is doing everything it can to prevent a real election do tell what the commission is doing to keep parliament down . 
  do you perhaps mean the council ? 
  what 's with the obsession with cultures ? 
  the union should n't have any business interfering in cultural matters . 
  ca n't we just make a rational decision that it 's in our interests to communalise certain aspects of our governments and leave it at that ? 
  german states control education and most of the police and ... well . 
  what else ? 
  american states even have their own armies , can levy taxes as they wish , ... edit : and the bundesrat only has to be asked if a law touches on state issues , whereas the american senate is always necessary . 
  do you know just how much money we waste on our separate armies ? 
  ! 1 wake up sheeple, 
  on what comes perhaps , not on what has been . 
  oh , i 'm perfectly fine with using that as an explanation for why they are called wiener . 
  thank you . 
  edit : also , i accept your apology . 
  i wish more people got that . 
  i live in the city and almost exclusively use public transport , but * i * have to subsidise people with a predominantly rural lifestyle ... 
  frankfurter ? 
  you mean wiener ? 
  they called it what the local signs called it : eis tan polis , to the city . 
   dr merkel weird , her academic title is n't mentioned over here at all , at least i do n't think i 've seen it anywhere . 
  how would you explain the difference between you and so many of your countrymen ? 
  turkey is a eu candidate . 
  jeez , you really a tiring conversational partner . 
  m ( that was n't the point . 
  no one 's even doubting that . 
  but , seeing as iberia does not exhibit the same lack of european identity there must be another kind of identity at play , not just cultural identity leading to alienation . 
  that 's it . 
  i 'm rather certain you got the point the first time , that 's why you did n't quote it . 
  from when is that ? 
  unfortunately , social sciences do n't enjoy the luxury of experimental evidence . 
  that does n't make all of it baloney . 
  as for the rest , i can see where you are coming from but as i do n't derive my identity from soap operas or sports i have a hard time agreeing to your conclusions . 
  especially because it does n't seem to me that this reasoning can explain [ the percentages on the iberian peninsula or in ireland ] ( http://www.reddit.com/tb/v89qm ) . 
  they , too , have similar connections to other parts of the world . 
  theories in social science and natural science are not the same because they can not be the same . 
  any way . 
  if you can specify a way of measuring culture and then calculate cultural overlap in a way that supports your claim , i 'd be happy to change my opinion . 
  until then i can have my own interpretation : superficially these countries seem to have a lot in common , but in fact their environment -- all of it , not just nature -- determines them much more than some like to admit . 
  they had a reason for wanting their all but total independence . 
  i 'm a strong supporter of environmental determinism . 
  australia is nothing like britain , but britain is a lot like bavaria . 
  well , perhaps more like other parts of ~ ~ germany ~ ~ the mainland , but the point still stands . 
  so when mainland europeans say that brits are way closer to them than any of the groups you mentioned , how can that be explained ? 
  whose perception is off ? 
  i might be wrong but i hear this claim about being closer to australia , nz and canada especially or even only from people who have never visited said places . 
  after 62 long years the french finally agreed to a [ franco-british union ] ( http://www.ibiblio.org/pha/policy/1940/1940-06-16d.html ) . 
  surprise !, 
  sorry you had to learn it this way . 
  true , it 's well-made but the script is lacking . 
  umm , the money goes to the investors because the debtors already spent the money when they got it from * them * , so i 'm not sure what point you are trying to make . 
  that 's actually the problem , the money that came from years of cheap eurozone credit was n't spent on worthwhile investments . 
  i think [ this ] ( http://www.zentrum-transformation.bundeswehr.de/resource/resource/mzezntm4mmuzmzmymmuzmtm1mzmyztm2mzizmdmwmzazmdmwmzazmdy3nmizmdcznmuzmtcwmzkymdiwmjaymdiw/peak%20oil%20-%20sicherheitspolitische%20implikationen%20knapper%20ressourcen.pdf ) is it . 
  unfortunately i do n't have the time to look over it , maybe someone else can . 
  fair points , even though the part about maastricht is n't correct . 
  i will think about it , thank you for the input . 
  i do n't really think you are in the position to berate others in this fashion . 
  sweden pledged to join the common currency in 1994 and has since used legal loopholes to avoid fulfilling that obligation . 
  so , why are n't you ? 
  does sweden consider itself above the law ? 
  is it perhaps because no one is punishing you ? 
  how about [ some more treaty infringement cases ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/common/infringements/infringement_cases/bycountry/index_en.htm#sweden ) ? 
  tl ; dr : northerners are n't saints who live in harmony without need for laws and quite frankly the way you frame the issue can be considered rather offensive . 
  anyway . 
  so , we shall continue doing nothing , hoping that it 'll all just work out by itself . 
  even though this will be to our disadvantage , because time is ticking . 
  or , we can start * a process * of federalisation . 
  a number of suggestions would only ( partially ) move budgetary competence to the union if a country needs support , therefore only affecting the black sheep . 
  there are lots of ways to approach the issue , an undeserved holier-than-thou attitude , however , is n't helping . 
  you seem to be forgetting one thing . 
  what happens in our countries when you break a law ? 
  you are held responsible . 
  who holds countries responsible , when they break their agreements ? 
  no one ; the european institutions tried but in the end it was still a union of countries who could still successfully avoid it . 
  this is the biggest difference to a federation . 
  it 's an entirely new level of governance , independent from the states themselves . 
  if you then break the rules , they no longer need your permission to hold you responsible . 
  they just do it . 
  so , in the end , exactly what you are calling for is what everyone is calling for . 
  more collective responsibility , less intergovernmental muddling .
