  i got them from a german newspaper . 
  that being said , without wanting to sound arrogant , do you know how averages work ? 
  for every state employee retiring at 52 there is a poor guy working till 70 . 
  they 're being screwed over just as much and , from what i can tell , * that * is what many greeks are protesting . 
  i like how you think . 
  no one can deny there are problems with corruption and tax evasion in greece . 
  but the stereotype of the lazy greek is just not true . 
  for example the average age of retirement in greece is 61.4 years , compared to germany 's 61.7 years . 
  repeating them helps no one . 
  i 'll never understand why it 's ok for my taxes to go to other germans but the world will end once they go to greeks . 
  i doubt you will cut ties with your largest trading partners . 
  i 'd prefer you 'd just joined up and had a greater say in all these decisions . 
  but that 's up to you . 
  but that 's not true . 
  the eu produces loads of reports . 
  it 's just that almost no one bothers to read them and the media is n't exactly doing its job either . 
  at least not the mainstream media . 
  the eu needs better pr . 
  a lot of stuff simply is n't properly explained . 
  hence the opponents have it easy . 
   yes , its great that they help us to maintain part of europe , but it shouldnt be dictated for us what to do . 
  how is that supposed to work ? 
  how can a union work if everyone can do whatever they want to do ? 
  apparently they 're fine with that . 
  is it just me or does everyone get a pay-wall behind that link ? 
  i have to google the title to find the article . 
  really , higher ? 
  interesting !, 
  here , over 2 % are members of a party , but generally less than a tenth is active in any way . 
  anyway , i think it is . 
  representative democracy works by holding the representatives accountable , for example by dismissing them when they do n't bring the desired outcome . 
  in germany the candidates are put up for elections by their party ( you can run independently , but that 's rather unusual ) . 
  once they 're on the ballot , that 's it . 
  the top of the list will usually make it into parliament , no matter what . 
  accountability has to happen before that , in the party , not just every x years at the ballot box . 
  permanent scrutiny and feedback , and if that 's not enough , punishment in the internal party primaries . 
  those who understand that and do involve themselves in the process have measurable impact . 
  the others , not so much . 
  i do n't know how it is in other parts of europe ( though i 'd wager it 's probably similar ) , but in germany the problem of lack of accountability can be blamed mostly on the people . 
  less than 0.5 % of germany 's voters bother to be active in a political party . 
  what can you expect from such numbers ? 
  join in on what exactly ? 
  i read the article but other than venting frustration i 'm not really sure what the proposed changes are . 
  i read your post and i thought you were talking about romania . 
  how similar they are in that respect . 
  done with 5:34 remaining [ . 
  ] ( / # `` also , in before people discuss where turkey belongs . '' ), 
  should listen more to [ this swede ] ( http://youtu.be/_ffhty1tk-q?t=1m20s ) . 
  i agree with what you want from european institutions , you should just remember that it was always planned as a political union . 
  the economic union was explicitly described as a `` foundation for an ever closer union '' , right since 1953 . 
  that was very informative . 
  all right , i can understand that . 
  so did i for the last 5 years -- either way i did not say anything about what you did or did not . 
  we do have an impact : remember when our lobbying helped the [ telecoms package make three strikes illegal ] ( http://christianengstrom.wordpress.com/2009/11/24/the-telecoms-package-is-ammunition-to-stop-hadopi/ ) in europe ? 
  just an example , there are more . 
  we just have to be relentless . 
  with the new european citizen 's initiative we even have a formal tool for our projects . 
  the point is that the overwhelming majority of people do exactly nothing , except maybe complain . 
  in germany , for instance , less than 2 million people are organised in a political party . 
  as a pirate , you certainly know that usually less than 10 % of the members are actually active participants , i.e. 
  in germany alone less than 200,000 people make up the political caste . 
  no one is stopping voters from taking a more active role , the parties even try to get more members . 
  but people just wo n't do it . 
  because politics is work . 
  you need to convince people and form majorities . 
  that 's * hard * work . 
  it 's easier to just keep complaining . 
  even among pirates there 's often a twisted mentality . 
  i remember when we discussed raising the membership fee at the federal congress in hamburg in 2009 , some people complained that they had to pay for their sports club , their reading club , their whatnot club and that they could n't pay a few more bucks per year to the party ... talk about priorities . 
  i got up and left the hall at that point . 
  i 've been getting involved with politics over the last few years and it 's been surprisingly easy to have an impact . 
  you 're just spouting repeating excuses people use to justify their own laziness , apathy and ignorance . 
  yes , remember how those rich students bought themselves erasmus so they could study around europe easier ? 
  or when those fat cat consumers had their telephone bills capped ? 
  interesting . 
  do you happen to know some specific examples of that ? 
  i do n't watch much tv so i never really noticed . 
  what does pro-europe mean here ? 
  i ca n't remember whose numbers they were , i read them in a dissertation a while ago . 
  it was around a quarter of a million victims for chernobyl . 
  they 're not perfectly accurate , at least not from certain points of view . 
  but even if you use the worst numbers for nuclear power , it still comes out better than coal or oil and on par with natural gas . 
  germany . 
  their reasoning is something like `` europe will make it with wind and solar alone , so why waste money ? 
  actually the greens would like to defund fusion research . 
  i 'm getting the impression that ashton speaks up more often lately . 
  that 's a good thing , imho . 
  the [ flag of europe ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_europe ) is much older than the eu . 
  it 's widely accepted as * the * symbol for europe . 
  yeah , if you find enough partners you might have everything ready to start by april 2012 . 
  i helped collect just a few thousand signatures ( not a million ) to get a party on the ballot in germany and it took months . 
  anyway , that 's just my suggestion , you do what you think is the best way , 
  that sounds nice but i 'm under the impression that you have n't heard of the mechanism that you 're supposed to use for that : [ http://ec.europa.eu/dgs/secretariat_general/citizens_initiative/index_en.htm] ( http://ec.europa.eu/dgs/secretariat_general/citizens_initiative/index_en.htm ), 
  so , you want to collect the million signatures or what exactly do you want to do ? 
  europe has no say in it , except , you know , when we do business with and support their corrupt dictators . 
  please . 
  africa is a mess mostly because we left it like that . 
  that being said , if you believe you are for some reason more entitled to the riches of wherever you happen to live , you could argue for tightening controls at the external border . 
  i do n't see why my rights should be curbed . 
  poor tunisia ( 6m people ) took around 400 ' 000 libyan refugees .
