  ( and her name is cheryl cole . ), 
  except neither canada nor mexico want anything to do with russia . 
  but for * some reason * , russia 's neighbours are afraid of it and want a lot to do with america . 
  is it really the same people doing both of these things ? 
  you reap what you sow . 
  after blaming everything they could blame on the eu , voters now want out of it and vote for the one party that believably promises just that . 
  i do n't pity the tories , but i do pity britain . 
  it will suffer from this nonsense . 
  i think i understand now . 
  you thought i did n't agree with the cia part , but i only disagreed with the number . 
  are you trying to troll me ? 
  there were n't millions of * anything * there , that 's all i said . 
  also , pretty sure it 's a she . 
  the disgust refers to `` people who live in stable , comparatively wealthy democratic countries '' treating ukrainians like stupid cattle who ca n't possibly also want to live in a stable , wealthy , democratic country and thus must have their protests orchestrated by the cia -- at least in the minds of the people that disgust tangerine . 
  so , tl ; dr : it 's disgusting that some people here believe eastern europeans to be too stupid to rebel against their corrupt leaders . 
  unless the entire post is ultra-cynical , which i do n't believe because / u/intangible-tangerine usually does n't make such posts , i do n't think this was sarcasm but a simple over-estimation . 
  it would make no sense to emphasise the will of the ukrainians only to then sarcastically play down their numbers . 
  no , that was found unconstitutional by the constitutional court . 
  just over around 1 % gets you a seat in germany . 
  the liberals will have to re-brand themselves as the liberal party and not just the corporate party . 
  i wish them luck , germany needs a party that puts freedom first . 
  real freedom , not just lower taxes for rich people . 
   those millions who protested in maidan were cia stooges ? 
  except for that part , i completely agree . 
  millions is a bit much , though . 
  yep . 
  the latest polls in germany are conservatives 39 % , social democrats 27 % , greens 11 % , liberals 3 % , left 8 % , eurosceptics 6 % , rest 6 % . 
  being economically intertwined is a good idea if there is a functioning economy on * both * sides . 
  russia 's main export are resources and we already buy as much of them as possible . 
  the rest of russia 's economy is in questionable health . 
  not the best way is an understatement , but the distances across a continent are simply too big for physical debating . 
  i disagree about the isolation . 
  there was a phase in the late 90s , early 2000s when russia appeared to become a member in our family of nations . 
  it was even a cultural trend , e.g. 
  with movies depicting russia as an ally rather than an enemy . 
  but you did n't answer my question . 
  care how ? 
  meddle in russia 's internal affairs ? 
  what i 've been saying in my first paragraph was purely * normative * , so if you start commenting it descriptively with observations and results it just shows that you need to work on your reading comprehension . 
  then again you are probably the only eurosceptic that i both know and managed to earn a minimum of respect from me . 
  when did you vote for nato or the american government ? 
  because they have so much power , they can turn the world into a graveyard . 
  and we do vote for our meps in a month , although the worst they can do is screw up net neutrality or plague us with data retention . 
  the us puts the troops there because the american public might not care for some ally thousands of miles away being attacked , but it will care for dead american soldiers . 
  we are right next to you , if ~ ~ soviet ~ ~ russian tanks would roll over your border , it 's just a matter of time before they 'd roll over ours , so we 'd be mobilising , too . 
  case in point , germany also sent fighters to the baltic to patrol the airspace and also heads the upcoming nato maneuver in the baltic sea, 
  care for russia how ? 
  germany cared for its east for over 2 decades and its still not on par with the west . 
  still , even [ nato membership was on the table for russia ] ( http://web.archive.org/web/20090823061954/http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/putin-says-russia-could-join-nato-722225.html ) . 
  how much farther can you go in taking someone 's fears seriously ? 
  but no , [ russia does n't want to ] ( http://euobserver.com/defence/27890 ) . 
   great powers do n't join coalitions , they create coalitions . 
  russia considers itself a great power, 
  there is no difference between the two . 
  ukraine is a sovereign nation that can choose its future . 
  if that future leads them closer to the eu , so be it . 
  anyone who says the eu provoked or aggravated russia by offering that option to ukraine has no regard for ukraine 's sovereignty and implicitly supports russia 's bullying . 
  russia does n't own ukraine . 
  it 's hard to imagine that eurosceptics hate the eu so much they will even side with russia in a conflict , but apparently it 's true . 
  which is weird , because nato also offers ukraine eventual membership , and i thought nato was the messiah to the eu 's satan , especially for anglophone eurosceptics . 
  nah , it 's not a bad analogy . 
  the important point is that both allow you to do things you could n't without them , but these things can also be bad for you . 
  it can be the dangerous speed in a car or too cheap loans with the euro . 
  either way , one has to adapt one 's behaviour . 
  other countries ' eurozone . 
  you mean like the cfa-franc-zone or the east carribean dollar ? 
  there are plenty of currency unions and more are planned , like for example in south america . 
  russia 's also planning one with its new ~ ~ soviet ~ ~ eurasian union . 
  norway is already paying into the eu 's coffers so it can be in the eea , where it is subject to the majority of european laws , on which it ca n't vote . 
  to be fair , its per-capita monetary contribution is considerably smaller than the one of sweden or denmark . 
  no , let 's face it . 
  there is no convincing case to be made for a connection between eurozone-membership and negative consequences for a country 's economy . 
  there are countries both in and out of the euro that did well or badly . 
  if you did n't like this analogy , adapt it and claim cars are a death trap because they can be hit by other cars on the road whereas travelling by foot is safe because you can just jump aside . 
  or whatever , really . 
  the point is that the inability to devalue is one of its important features , not some side-effect . 
  it may be easier to have a system of free floating currencies that is naturally able to absorb asymmetric shocks . 
  the point of the euro is , however , to create an economic bloc strong enough to be a backbone for a european presence in an increasingly multi-polar world . 
  a common currency is a necessary prerequisite for achieving this goal . 
  thus , one could perhaps argue that the fault was not to have the right stick or other carrots or whatever next to the euro-carrot . 
  the latter is still not at fault , the problem is the missing means to handle asymmetric shocks . 
  it would be more constructive to argue for fixing this mistake . 
  saying the euro is at fault for the crisis because it ca n't be devalued is like saying cars are responsible for accidents because they are so fast . 
  the fixed value across the eurozone is the feature that allows cross-country supply chains to be created , just like the speed of the car makes it a great means of transport . 
  the blame lies with the national governments that did n't adapt their policies to the changing circumstances , be it by being responsible in their own nations or by giving the eu the proper authority to regulate the eurozone to counter such crises . 
  i fail to see the argument that explains why the euro is at fault . 
  these countries knew they did n't have the ability to devalue any more . 
  if they continued policies that would lead to them having to devalue at some , it is their fault . 
  the boundary conditions imposed by the common currency did n't sneak up on anyone and were not a bug but a feature . 
  if you think anyone in europe will not be affected if a major european economy like the eurozone 's went down a cliff , * you * do n't understand economics . 
  [ someone in another thread put it nicely ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/23ccpi/eu_misdiagnosed_the_crisis_former_barroso_advisor/cgvmo2k?context=7 ) :  the euro was n't the problem , our response to the euro was - but it 's easier to blame the euro than ourselves . 
  i think this paragraph contradicts your idea :  it was agreed that the osce special monitoring mission should play a leading role in assisting ukrainian authorities and local communities in the immediate implementation of these de-escalation measures wherever they are needed most , beginning in the coming days . 
  the u.s. , e.u. 
  and russia commit to support this mission , including by providing monitors . 
  it 's unfortunate that the swedish pirates did n't nominate amelia as # 1 this time . 
  she 's more skilled than christian and might not make it this year : - /, 
   the eu tells ukraine that it ca n't have both . 
  russia says it ca n't have both because the russian agreement would have been a customs union where ukraine surrenders the competencies to sign the pact with the eu . 
  the eu just says `` yeah , you ca n't sign something with us when you 've signed it away to someone else already '' . 
  we would have been fine if russia and ukraine had signed their own dcfta .
