obviously , there 's nothing wrong with your comment . 
  you 're just voicing an inconventient fact . 
  mine ( tk ) pays if i go once a year . 
  well , yeah , he was minister for the economy until recently . 
  you beat me to it . 
  i 'm glad more people have seen this document . 
  when you 're dealing with a population the size of europe , or even just germany , you can hear anything you want on a weekly basis . 
  i do n't have much to contribute to the actual queston except mention [ this short film about a guy moving to ireland thinking that people there would all speak irish ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jqytg9bnhfm ) . 
  those places are essentially filled with europeans . 
  heard more european languages there than american english . 
  there is no world government , so powerful countries will fill that power vacuum . 
  you can have america or you can have russia or china ( or maybe one day you might have the eu ) . 
  there 's nothing else . 
  it 's a zero-sum game . 
  if you choose not-amerca , you choose one or several of the others . 
  that 's all there is , whether you like it or not . 
  this better be a french-style election with a run-off election between the two frontrunners . 
  it would n't be a leftist thing to claim that muslims are a monolithic block with one hive mind rather than a lot of individuals . 
  if you need to paint an entire group as inferior sub-humans that are the root cause of your problems , then you can choose from many non-leftist ideologies . 
  unfortunately , should those become dominant around the world , we 'll eventually become the sub-human in someone else 's superiority complex , with all the negatives for us . 
  regarding limited immigration : yes , that 's why i wrote :  one can argue for practical policies when reality demands it regarding religion : yeah , of course , criticism of religion is a core leftist thing because it can be seen as a tool made to oppress . 
  but it rejects religion , not the people suffering from it . 
  i do n't know what you want to call them , but people that do n't follow the foundation of leftist ideology are n't leftists . 
  there 's more to it than handing out money to a group of people you happen to consider your in-group . 
  marx criticised all religion because it was created by people and used to oppress , not just one religion . 
  the foundation of left ideology is the belief in the equality of all people . 
  one can argue for practical policies when reality demands it , but people that do n't support , at least in principle , the equality of individuals regardless of their religion and origin , are not left . 
  https://vid.me/xt3s ( [ original ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wdqayc1sr7g ) ), 
  the nuclear waste is the ` problem ' of whoever is using the nuclear power plants , as opposed to the coal plant 's co2 , which is everyone 's problem . 
   the problem with nuclear energy is that it just does n't mix well with renewable energy . 
  the nuclear plants we have right now have to run on ( close to ) maximum load all the time . 
  they provide a steady output and ca n't adapt to varying supply from wind or solar . 
  they can do that as much or as little as coal plants and yet germany has chosen to phase out nuclear before coal . 
  this is what is wrong . 
  the reason why nuclear power output is harder to control is because they are big and the turbines ca n't be slowed down or accelerated on short time scales , the same as large coal plants . 
  it 's not because of their nuclear heat source ; that can be scaled up and down in a matter of minutes over a range of hundreds of mw for a gw reactor . 
   on windy/sunny days , we could get 100 % of our energy from solar , while using more of the other energy sources when conditions are worse . 
  please do not confuse energy and electricity . 
  electricity is about a fifth of our total energy consumption . 
  the share of wind and solar of the final energy consumption is less than 5 % after 15 years of ` energiewende ' despite subsidies now reaching into the tens of billions of euros per year . 
  abandoning nuclear power , especially as long as coal plants keep operating , is a terrible policy . 
  it does n't make us safer , it does n't save money , it does n't promote renewable energy , and , worst of all , it externalises the consequences of our energy addiction . 
  the emitted co2 will harm the most vulnerable people long before it will ever harm us . 
  yeah , this entire affair seems to boil down to much ado about nothing . 
  blame describes a moral or ethical relationship , not a mere causal link . 
   i rather be ruled by some elitist professors and other academic scholars that literally look down on the populace but get their shit together , instead of having to live under the consequences of other incompetent policy makers . 
  if you can , you should spend some time among your alleged saviours . 
  you 'll find that higher education is no guarantee for good leadership or really most of the qualities you would want in a leader . 
   will do whatever it takes to defame newcomers so ? 
  did or does that stop the greens or podemos or syriza or ukip ? 
  not really . 
  if you want to preserve the west , you ca n't do it by abolishing two of its most defining values , equality and democracy . 
  if we turn into china to not be beaten by china , we win nothing . 
  [ according to the italian authorities the 200k figure is accurate ] ( http://infoaire.interno.it/statistiche2012/ripartizionestato_e.htm ) , how do they get the unofficial 500k ? 
  democracy is here to prevent tyranny , not excel at governance . 
  in that light , your blind faith in the pieces of paper that doctors , professors , lawyers , judges have in their possession is worrying . 
  russia attacking a sovereign nation over false pretences can * in no way * be blamed on the attractiveness of europe and its values but should be directed to the utterly delusional attacker . 
  also , it 's really not a crazy idea that europe is a very densely populated continent , prone to conflict , that finds peace by -- among other things -- giving its conflicts a political and judicial forum where they can be resolved without the usual violence . 
  ridiculing and dismissing this achievement is just disrespectful to the millions of victims that fill our history books . 
  yeah , but op wants to know how the eu is `` really '' doing . 
  in this context , romania started out behind but is slowly doing better , because rather than despite the eu . 
  it does n't refute / u/b00kofwisdom 's general point . 
  yeah , i think those guys care enough to at least do some campaigning in favour of continued membership . 
  i mean , that 's really not that much to ask . 
  never seen someone moan about the two examples you gave . 
  first of all , i 'm pretty sure i defended the uk 's media with respect to russia . 
  if you can show me a single ( ! ), 
  article from a widely distributed tabloid or broadsheet that spins some eu issue so much into pro-eu territory as , i do n't know , the telegraph when it does a 180 with the eca 's press release or the daily mail when it writes about how the eu will `` ban beaches , '' i will take back what i wrote . 
  these two and some others do try their best , but they ca n't escape the climate they are publishing in . 
  if we look at the telegraph , so many of the tabloids , it 's just terrible . 
  i mean , [ this page ] ( http://blogs.ec.europa.eu/ecintheuk/ ) does n't exist for fun -- and i 'm not aware of an equivalent for any other state . 
   i do however , now think , the eu should strong arm the uk to integrate further . 
  coercing people is not a sustainable policy . 
  people need to be convinced so they actually want something to happen , not just have it imposed on them . 
  it 's the only way to be successful in the long run . 
  you mean helping the flavour by adding some fat , you philistine . 
  it 's much better , unless it 's about europe . 
  europe in the uk is like guns in america or nuclear power in germany : rational thought is not welcome . 
  i agree . 
  altogether the headline should read something like `` eu spending not more erroneous than national spending , eu still urged to improve . '', 
  not as catchy , though , is it ? 
  well , the commission and the court decide whether they are breaking the rules , and evidently they do n't with their new budget proposals . 
  i would really like to believe you about the other things , but without a source i ca n't really do it . 
  not if what you are telling me is based on faded memories of some articles . 
  i mean , i just read a news article of the telegraph that took a statement from the european court of auditors and published virtually the exact opposite . 
  when it comes to europe , the british press is often unreliable and coupling it with lossy memories does n't help . 
  sorry , but i do appreciate the efforts you took in finding something , so thanks for that !, 
   as independent auditor , the eca signed off the 2013 accounts of the european union ( http://www.eca.europa.eu/en/pages/ar_2013.aspx ) further :  as independent auditor , the eca has signed off the 2012 accounts of the european union , as it has done each year since the 2007 financial year . 
  ( http://www.eca.europa.eu/en/pages/ar_2012.aspx ) finally , from the house of lords :  we recognise that the lack of a positive statement of assurance does not necessarily indicates that high levels of fraudulent or corrupt transactions have taken place . 
  ( http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/ld200506/ldselect/ldeucom/270/27010.htm ) t ; dr : once again , the telegraph displays its loose relationship with facts and reality and prefers cheap propaganda based on misinformation , spin and leaving out crucial context . 
  they 're not separatists . 
  people from ireland always say their german is n't good but still speak it really well . 
  in my experience , anyway . 
  the last page shows that this is apparently an eu programme : http://www.welfare.ie/en/pages/eures---find-a-job-abroad.aspx, 
  switzerland participates in the single market and schengen . 
  it should not be harder than anywhere else , really . 
  if you want to go there , go . 
  that ca n't be it . 
  he 's in a vicious environment , he would have never made it to where he is if he were really an idiot . 
  there 's a plan here , even if we ca n't really tell .
