  around 3/4 of all eu citizens have the same meps per capita and only the smallest of the small countries are really over-represented because they get the minimum number of 6 meps . 
  but again , it 's more of an academic exercise ; it 's not like luxembourg or malta are oppressing europe with their meagre 6 meps . 
  no one would argue that germany is undemocratic because tiny saarland has 3 seats in the bundesrat while nrw or bavaria only have 6 . 
  in europe , the vast differences in size are reconciled in the parliament as well , that 's all . 
  first of all , not all jobs are the same and thus not all profit in the same way from such policies . 
  having said that , your example does n't really help . 
  you formulate your premise to automatically discard whatever experience the black applicant might have by insisting they are equally qualified . 
  i can assure you , the black person will not only have made experiences that the white applicant does n't , he can also be more of a role model for other people of his community , which improves integration and social cohesion and thus benefits everyone . 
  in general , however , because such things are hard to quantify , companies do not take on a minority unless the formal qualifications are equal . 
  in any case , such measures are in place to combat systematic discrimination and they are , if at all , only seemingly discriminatory . 
   it 's a small thing , yet it was presented as if it was a scandal . 
  i have no intentions to defend people who make mountains out of molehills . 
  however :  plasters ( ... ) who would feel offended for such a thing ? 
  it does seem to stir you up quite a bit , at least for someone who claims not to be offended by such a discussion . 
  why not ignore it if it 's all the same to you anyway ? 
  it boggles my mind that people waste their time on inconsequential things like these . 
  it 's called the slippery slope * fallacy * for a reason . 
  first of all , it 's [ 1:162 for germany ] ( http://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/anlagen/de/downloads/infothek/statistik/asyl/statistik-anlage-teil-4-aktuelle-zahlen-zu-asyl.pdf?__blob=publicationfile ) , not 1:100 . 
  furthermore , it becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy : the border states have little incentive to enforce the outer border regime because they fear being left alone with all legitimate applicants . 
  so , the border becomes porous , leading to even greater numbers , more of which are not actually legitimate applicants . 
  if they knew they would be left alone with everything , then they 'd have an incentive to police the border as long as legitimate applicants are distributed onward and not left there . 
  this would have required symbolic support from said governments and even that was apparently too much . 
  this is about the redistribution proposals , do n't change the subject . 
   it 's silly and i have n't met anyone who would n't at least smile at that . 
  the purpose of diversity is to gain a larger pool of ideas . 
  if you have the same people from the same background you tend to get the same solutions with small variations . 
  different backgrounds inject new ideas . 
  it 's the same reason why siblings should n't breed . 
  i think this is really a simple concept that anyone can grasp . 
   ca n't count how many times i saw it used when the case was nothing about skin colour . 
  yeah , because race is a social construct and does n't have to have something to do with skin colour . 
  a hutu and a tutsi will be both generic black here , but they 'll be two races in rwanda , with potentially dire consequences . 
  a more suitable example for europe would perhaps be jews or slavs ; germans killed them for racial reasons despite both being pretty white . 
   also i remember in sweden some were saying that it 's racist not to have skin-color-fitting plasters in a pharmacy , ridiculous . 
  a small thing , sure . 
  but that 's easy to say when they 're always the colour of * your * skin . 
  you write your first point as though it should offset your second/third one , but it remains very nebulous whereas the other two are very specific . 
  perhaps you can explain a bit more . 
  i 'm from ee myself and i struggle to see how some ee countries are displaying their solidarity or `` giving back . '', 
  the contribution asked of them is symbolic at best and even that was apparently too much . 
   overrun til you can be overrun by tattered refugees that you outnumber more than 1000 to 1 . 
  you 'd think people who are so proud of their culture would n't denigrate it so much . 
  where i live , the authorities count the people in a given area and extrapolate towards the entire area of protest . 
  that seems more sensible than just assuming a density , but that 's just my opinion . 
  i hope they are right . 
  they will care if the number is big enough . 
  that 's why it matters , even if there 's a risk of it devolving into a vulgar contest . 
  interesting . 
  i tried counting them a bit but it 's hard . 
  in the beginning , there are about 20 people in a row and from that i estimate about 100 rows pass through in a second of video for 35 seconds of video , so it 'd be around 70,000 people . 
  it 's hard to count , though . 
  if there are 40 people in a row later on , and if the rows are twice as close to each other , it would quadruple that number . 
  personally , for the time being , i will assume that the 100,000 number that / u/skypl has attributed to the organisers themselves is the closest to reality , though i would be curious to see how the others came up with theirs . . 
  thank you . 
  i also looked at the pictures in the article and behind the links therein and i find it hard to say , despite having some experience with organising demonstrations . 
  some pictures look like they 're made to inflate the numbers but others show , imho , way more than 30000 people , albeit probably not a quarter million . 
  i guess we 'll have to wait a bit more for hard numbers . 
  ap , afp and dpa are going with the 240,000 . 
  do you know where we can see the police statement ? 
   warsaw city hall said the protest drew some 240,000 people so , there 's a discrepancy of 210,000 between police and city hall ? 
  that 's excessive . 
  care to link to the police statement ? 
  yes , we know . 
  see : germany before 1871 . 
   given equal qualification , priority shall be given to the under-represented sex . 
  yeah , i can live with that . 
  what 's the point of cutting this position if the proposal will be vetoed because of said cutting ? 
  just show ? 
  when i read stuff like that i am reminded of my younger cousin . 
  he 's 15 , lives in the old country ( romania ) and calls his mom a communist when she does n't want to buy him a new smartphone . 
  seriously , it 's beyond me how someone , especially someone living in the former east , can honestly compare the eu with the ussr . 
  shut up . 
  you have ad-free movies . 
  +3 for you from this account . 
  you need several acts of lending and investing to accomplish this . 
  no bank lends out more money than it has . 
  that 's why banks , too , can be illiquid . 
  totally not the same thing . 
  one group breaks off little flags on cars and makes you feel guilty , the others break the bones of people with the `` wrong '' skin colour . 
  how you could fathom to put them on the same level is beyond me . 
  you are stereotyping homosexuals ( and implicitly heterosexuals as well ) . 
  `` only gays '' implies that `` real men '' would n't want to do that , hinting at a derogatory undertone for the word `` gay '' . 
  ( fyi i 'm not gay but i do n't mind dressing well . 
  believe it or not , it even helps with the ladies ;-) ), 
  your homophobia is showing . 
  the thing is ... we ... well , we have this ... issue . 
  the csu . 
  please do n't leave us alone with it . 
  and we only burned [ 4.9 % more coal ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2012-08-19/merkel-s-green-shift-forces-germany-to-burn-more-coal-energy.html ) since mid-2011 ... 
   fusion wo n't be ready for industrial use before 50 years at best not with [ that kind of funding ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sjh5r.jpg ) , you are right . 
  ( us numbers , european ones are n't that much different . ), 
  despite the often-repeated claim that the eu 's accounts have once again not been signed off by the auditors , there is no indication of higher levels of fraud within the european budget compared to comparable public expenditure programmes . 
  the video is now set to private . 
  i think [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=knyi66wgtpi ) is a copy , though . 
  [ -7.38 -6.15 ] ( http://politicalcompass.org/printablegraph?ec=-7.38&amp;soc=-6.15 ), 
  prisoner 's dilemma . 
  ultimately it 's the reason for all useful collectivisation . 
  at least , that 's what i believe . 
  ... who then usually run the entire place . 
  austerity is a value now ?
