  too bad . 
  merkel is n't opposed to him . 
  cameron thinks he 's too much of an integrationist and would n't help him achieve his `` reform '' goals . 
  you can already . 
  iceland is in the eea . 
  if you ever find yourself at berlin tegel airport , there is a currywurst booth built out of a former suburban train carriage . 
  it 's pretty good , better than the ones i tried in berlin anyway . 
  but perhaps i just did n't find the best ones . 
  in munich you can find various kinds of ( more or less ) fast food in `` little istanbul '' just south of central station . 
  mostly turkish , as the name suggests , but also other kinds from around the mediterranean as well as the far-east . 
  seriously ? 
  the problem with russia 's behaviour is that it might push you into nato ? 
  that 's your concern ? 
  not what russia does ? 
  yeah , it sucks having to follow eu law and not having anyone in brussels to represent you when it 's made . 
  but then again , norway did choose to stay out of it , so norway is where it wanted to be . 
  of course there are downsides . 
  what eurosceptic party in ireland wants to make the eu more democratic and not leave or scale it back ? 
  nah , you do n't have to make it legal for everyone . 
  not yet , anyway . 
  people will see what they need to do to come here without risking their lives and they 'll rather invest there than stupidly trying to cross the sea . 
  it 'll become much less socially acceptable in their own countries when they know that to have good change to go to europe they just need to stay in school and take a test , for example . 
  of course , some will still want to break the rules , but those we can send back with much less remorse and their total number will also be reduced . 
  the israelis learned something else the hard way : you ca n't stop someone who is willing to give his life for something . 
  you can pass any law you want , patrol the sea all day long . 
  if they are sent back , they 'll just try again till they either succeed or die . 
  we ca n't kill them , so more and more will get here illegally until we fix our immigration and neighbourhood policies . 
  there must be a legal way to come here , a valve to let out some pressure . 
  that way we could also better control who comes here : not just the ones with a death wish , but perhaps people that want to learn a trade they can take back home or similar . 
  it can be an ingredient , too , but do n't overestimate it : http://www.withouthotair.com/c14/page_82.shtml, 
  you have a lot , yes . 
  it 's certainly worth developing . 
  but it 's not enough . 
  the hypothetical wind power stations in [ this map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/i5zyygo.jpg ) could only supply 1/8th of britain 's current power needs . 
  look how much area they 'd already cover !, 
  yes , but we should not get carried away : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5bvbfwuq-q, 
  pretty sure juncker is at the point where just does n't give a fuck any more . 
  he might not hold back if someone criticises him . 
  i mean , why would he ? 
  so he can be everyone 's punching bag for * another * term ? 
  racists , conspiratards & co. believe sweden has been overrun by cavemen and sweden willingly lets itself be drawn back into the stone age . 
  `` sweden yes '' is something like an ironic cheer accompanying this process . 
  obviously , it 's batshit crazy . 
  it 's also easy to know what the eu wants . 
  the swiss electorate is not the swiss people , it 's simply another institution in switzerland 's political system . 
  theirs has voted for caps , ours hase voted for free movement . 
  there wo n't be 14 or perhaps even worse , 18 countries in the council that will back switzerland . 
  next , if you argue that britain will benefit from its own ftas , should n't you have to convince others that it will be better off than now ? 
  after all , you want to change the status quo . 
   i think the idea that these countries are somehow not going to want to trade with an independent uk or have worse relations with a brexited uk somewhat odd . 
  no one said not going to trade . 
  but they said they 'd rather have britain in the eu . 
  why would they reward britain with a better deal when it goes against their expressed wishes ? 
   there is no reason why the regulatory burden will increase . 
  you are not reading what i 'm writing . 
  the eu is big enough to lead standards , others follow . 
  outside of the eu , you just add at least one more set of standards -- your own . 
   is n't it time , and particularly after seeing how the brits have just voted , that you now accept that your goal of a federal eu with the uk in it is not possible ? 
  again , you are deceiving yourself . 
  i do n't understand why people do this . 
  the overwhelming majority of britons is so indifferent about the eu that they did n't even show up to vote . 
  indifference is not rejection !, 
  so be careful with doomsday conclusions from the election result . 
  it can mean any number of things . 
  meanwhile , after just a few months of lively debate , [ the support for staying in is higher than it has ever been in the last 23 years ] ( http://www.ipsos-mori.com/researchpublications/researcharchive/3380/ipsos-mori-political-monitor-may-2014-europe-section.aspx ) . 
  let the campaign go on for a few more years and britons might turn into federalists themselves ;-), 
  first , i specifically mentioned the cold war , not the time after 9/11 and i specifically did not mention europe -- because during the cold war both the ussr and the usa toppled or supported governments around the world when they thought it was necessary . 
  i do n't think that the cia is currently somehow engaged in overthrowing european governments , just that in recent history powerful intelligence agencies of all sides were in fact used to alter the course of governments and nations . 
  it 's not outlandish to believe that russia is still stuck in that mindset . 
  you misunderstand my comment . 
  both west and east used questionable if perhaps necessary means to influence governments during the cold war . 
  america has moved on from these practices , more than russia , anyway . 
  so decrying suspicion of russian government involvement in our politics as a mere conspiracy theory shows ignorance of historical precedent . 
  merkel could now exploit the fact that there are no major german elections for a while , i.e. 
  either really spend some money or at least guarantee some loans for proper investments . 
  the ~ ~ kgb ~ ~ fsb ( or cia for that matter ) supporting destabilising political forces in countries they perceive as strategically important ? 
  that certainly never happened nowhere in the recent history !, 
  * switzerland voted to introduce immigration caps and so far the only change has been that switzerland has been shut out off some eu programmes . 
  i suggest we all wait to see how it turns out . 
  i expect the eu 's wishes to be respected as well . 
  * switzerland has free trade agreements , but that says nothing about their quality . 
  you can have ftas with any country as long as you give in to their demands . 
  the number alone tells us nothing of the quality -- we can assume that swiss representatives agreed when they felt they had the best possible result , but that does n't mean it 's the best possible result for the eu . 
  representatives from the us , from japan , from australia , from many places have made it clear that they 'd rather have britain in the eu than out . 
  there is absolutely no reason to assume that britain would get any better deal from them after they 've explicitly said they do n't want britain to go at it alone . 
  * i ca n't believe you are on the one hand decrying red tape and then demand britain to introduce more : one set of regulations for intra-uk businesses , one for uk-eu businesses , one for uk-us businesses , and so on . 
  the eu 's economy is big enough , when it sets a standard , many others follow . 
  the british economy on its own will just have to follow whoever it wants or needs to to business with . 
  a brexit would just be counter-productive in that regard . 
  * finally , you can of course be interested in the opinion of whoever you want to be . 
  i just thought you want to make fact-based decisions and not base them on the comparably uninformed opinions of an elusive electorate that believes its country to be oh-so-independent when it really is n't . 
  of course , among those who pay there will always be some that would rather not pay . 
  there have been politicians opposed to continued transfers in every german state at some point , be it the csu in bavaria or koch in hesse or mappus or now even kretschmann from the greens in bw . 
  i do n't have a problem with either intra-german nor intra-european transfers . 
  they are the price for keeping the respective political construct functional . 
  considering bavaria pays over eur4bn per year ( i.e. 
  more in a single year than it ever received ) , they 're probably not so good at cheating or perhaps not even trying in the first place . 
  you know that bavaria has been on the receiving end of federal subsidies for 40 years and is now one of the biggest net-payers instead ? 
  wherever in germany you are from , either you would n't receive as much money today or would have to pay more if it were n't for that `` endless stream '' of money going to bavaria all those years . 
  it 's been one of the best investments germany ever made .
