  exactly . 
  medel-svenson has nothing to fear . 
  i wonder if there is a correlation between people afraid of losing their cultural identity and living in a [ unitary state ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/03/map_of_unitary_states.svg/2000px-map_of_unitary_states.svg.png ) . 
  because people feeling , say , saarland-ish have n't disappeared over the last 150 years , even though they do n't have a language barrier to protect them from the rest of germany . 
  you can guess what that means . 
  central banks do n't make laws . 
  either way , you do n't need to change interest rates . 
  once you realise you have an unsustainable housing bubble , for instance , raise taxes on the construction sector to make it unprofitable . 
  then the money automatically flows somewhere else . 
  after all , you signed up to a common currency whose statutes explicitly calls for a neutral central bank that focusses on price stability , so you * must * look after your economy yourself with your own tools . 
  what stopped the spanish or irish governments from passing laws to divert the cheap credit to other things instead of said bubbles ? 
  the opposition is just as ideological . 
  they prevent the necessary democratisation required before the eu could be given the power it needs to adequately handle things like a common currency precisely because they want to sabotage integration . 
  again , blaming only the progressives because they do n't immediately roll over and give up when faced with a reactionary die-hard opposition is dishonest . 
  there are two extremes in this discussion . 
  * eurosceptics who said , from the beginning , that the entire thing is unnecessary and should n't be done . 
  * europhiles who said , from the beginning , that it 'll only really work if we communalise more than just the currency . 
  we 're in this mess because ruling politicians tried to please both groups . 
  it 's dishonest to only blame the second group . 
  i find it funny that you blame the shortcomings of the common currency on `` europhiles . '', 
  it was n't them who tried to cherry-pick the benefits of a such a union without any of the perceived disadvantages . 
  sorry , i did n't count the front page . 
   determined to lay the * foundations of an ever-closer union * among the peoples of europe, 
  the whole eu was supposed to be an ever closer political union from the start in the 1950s . 
  it 's literally on the first page of the treaty . 
  please refrain from historical revisionism . 
  telcos should n't be allowed to charge more when you leave your home country in the first place . 
  if i 'm still on their network , just on the other side of the border , charging me more is just a scam . 
  that last quote is great . 
  everyone should take it to heart . 
  how odd . 
  stereotypes are really of questionable value . 
  people everywhere are more or less the same , in my experience at least . 
   the germans are usually quite knowlegable , and is one of the few countries , in my opinion , where experts opinions are actually listened too . 
  well , perhaps you have not been listening to the same experts ? 
  the eurozone has 300m inhabitants and finance is not a key sector . 
  i do n't think we can say for sure already if it 's going to work , especially since even experts are not all in agreement . 
   you are kidding me . 
  they barely have a functioning state , no one pays taxes , the are number 80 on transparency international list ( half the countries in africa surpasses them etc ) . 
  this is another issue i am stunned that germany is not listening to the economists . 
  is n't that the point ? 
  even considering all these flaws , greece has cut back its spending to a level where it is transiently balanced . 
  with additional support in collecting taxes , pushing back corruption and investment greece * can * climb out of this hole . 
  karl popper said optimism is a moral duty . 
  perhaps we just need more of that , instead of cynicism and pessimism . 
  tell rick we missed him at the pirate congress in switzerland . 
  in fact , afaik there was no one from sweden there , a german represented them . 
  anyway . 
  greece has changed in some regards . 
  as of last quarter of last year , their [ primary deficit is gone ] ( http://sdw.ecb.europa.eu/quickview.do?series_key=121.gst.q.gr.n.d1300.pdf.d0000.cu.e ) . 
  without existing debt , greece would be okay . 
  i 'm sure the others can do it , too . 
  from my experience , many germans like the idea of a ftt . 
  they might not really understand it , but their guts tell them it 's okay to tax banks after everything that has happened . 
  eurobonds they do n't like so much . 
  but i think they can be convinced to agree to them if they feel that they 're not just getting conned but actually get to influence how the money is spent . 
  the latter is the point . 
  unless germans have that feeling , the powers that be risk creating a eurosceptic opposition by accident . 
  so they push forward bit by bit , trying to come up with some compromise where the other countries will accept another limited pooling of sovereignty in exchange for limited access to german funds . 
  and until then , they do just the minimum that is necessary to keep as much of the eurozone in one piece -- but not more , because that might cost just too much political capital for now . 
  there is , in fact , a conservative voter group trying to campaign on that , it seems . 
  but i would n't bet money on [ them ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/free_voters ) . 
  as for the pirates , here 's [ their take so far ] ( http://wiki.piratenpartei.de/positionspapiere/piratenappell_pro_europa ) . 
  you might have to run it through a translator . 
   germany 's election in 2013 will be very interesting what do you mean ? 
  the opposition is even more pro-eu . 
  150 years ago , europeans were about 20 % of the world population . 
  they ruled the world with savage violence . 
  in 50 years we 'll be 5 % , tops . 
  i 'm sure the countries we used to ruin are keen on minding our interests . 
   fuck yeah you 're right . 
  in order to compete with india and china we need to model our country on them . 
  by having a few rich high tech areas and the rest of the land run by fucking peasants who are starving to death . 
  maybe we should censor the internet also . 
  why are you insinuating that ? 
  no one is suggesting anything of that kind . 
   back to this again . 
  what proof other than listening to fucking abitur failing bookstore owner martin schulz do you have of this . 
  i 'm afraid proof is something reserved for mathematicians . 
  all we have is evidence that bigger countries push smaller ones around . 
  especially germany is aware of that , having been a bunch of bickering states that were manipulated by every power just a mere 150 years ago . 
  would n't take orders from brussels would take them from washington dc wait , what ? 
  there can not be the kind of integrated economy necessary for the political unity europe requires in the 21st century without a common currency . 
  as long as risks fluctuate at the border , trading beyond them will never be as commonplace as trading within them . 
  you just ca n't make , for example , contracts for several years if you are n't sure that currency fluctuation wo n't make your deal unprofitable by next month . 
  you sure * he * did that ? 
  thanks , i 'm going to get me some mind bleach now ... 
  no , but my dad does . 
   survived the transition to capitalism my mom claims they do n't taste like they used to . 
  showing me these pictures ... no offence , but ... fuck you , sincerely . 
  / `` no gyros of any kind '' - face, 
  i 'm trying to ingest my screen but it is n't working !, 
  france does n't belong to the federalist camp . 
  their elites just seem to want the power of a unified europe at their command through intergovernmental muddling . 
  i have made no comment about your character . 
  you expressed disgust with regard to ceding responsibilities to europe . 
  that 's the kind of people i grouped you with : people who have a problem with that . 
  i really do n't get your kind . 
  we introduced a common currency because we deemed it in our interests . 
  the rules established to keep it working were not followed because there was no central authority to enforce them .
