  the trade gap between uk and eu is something like eur 50bn/year . 
  that 's 2 % of uk gdp and 0.3 % of reu gdp . 
  it 's not nothing , it 's just not gigantic either , and it 's not going to completely evaporate if no fta is signed right away . 
  yeah , your 1st paragraph i would agree with completely . 
  it 's not even contrary to what i say : america wants us to follow , i.e. 
  pay for credible defence to keep europe stable . 
  i do n't understand what the us wins through that proposed alliance . 
  as you say , these countries are already close allies and allowing them to form some kind of closer bond would at best allow them to challenge the us when they do disagree on something . 
  i mean , the us could have tried to help preserve the empire but they did the exact opposite . 
  i do n't see why that thinking should have changed . 
  it 's not massive , it 's small in comparison to the uk 's economy and tiny in comparison to the reu 's . 
  it 's not really important anyway , because this relationship can not and should not be reduced to an excel sheet . 
  no one said anything about american * joining * a union . 
  but the alleged automatic ally would be a potential competitor , so america will make sure it wo n't get to that . 
  like any respectable hegemon , they like their allies to follow them and not try to do their own thing . 
  as someone else here pointed out , jokes are funny . 
  iceland 's gdp in 2013 was 25 % below its 2007 peak value . 
  the isk is worth half as much with respect to the euro as before , which is terrible for a small country that has imports worth a third of its total economy . 
  recovery is not the word i would use for that and there are plenty of eurozone countries doing far better . 
  to be fair , competition from other humour was n't as tough in these cities . 
   which is exactly why they would seek to exclude it well , i wish them good luck with that :-d, 
  there 's a thread over in / r/unitedkingdom right now where the idea of teaming up with can/aus/nz but excluding the usa is rather popular , so i do think these people exist . 
  they appear occasionally . 
  and if america can not be excluded from the arrangement , then it would be as much a fair one as turning the uk into a federation with england , wales , scotland and ni as states -- england would dominate through its relative size . 
  whoever is interested the least has the most power , and the biggest partner can afford to be interested the least . 
  of course , it depends on the details . 
  neither of us can predict the future !, 
  the ecsc is just one step and it does n't deal with the multitude of political conflict that can emerge . 
  you could dismantle it and go to war in a few years -- and you know them germans , they do n't mind teaming up with russia to fuck someone else up . 
  with the single market , we interconnect our economies until they are truly inseparable and our peoples have formed enough connections with each other that a war would have to be a civil war . 
  this is an ongoing process . 
  [ this hole ] ( http://polpix.sueddeutsche.com/bild/1.2192578.1414339361/860x860/euro-matratze.jpg ) allegedly cost 1200 $ . 
  although the landlord is getting prosecuted for violating a lot of laws with that `` flat . '', 
  remember when icelanders [ protested against the government 's decision to scrap the eu referendum ] ( http://euobserver.com/news/123255 ) ? 
  / u/boq remembers . 
  3500 icelanders would scale to almost 900k germans or 40k berliners ( to use a capital city for comparison as well ) protesting . 
  when people say this , they refer to the commonwealth/anglosphere-fans that do n't seem to have noticed that america has become the centre of the english-speaking world and britain would only be another satellite rather than an equal partner . 
  um ... the banking sector of iceland did collapse , there was relatively high inflation , the economy was on the verge of total collapse and , well , iceland was never a very important country ( no offence ) to begin with . 
  so , what 's your point ? 
  it was certainly multiple factors , but if you disregard the eu you are either dishonest or uninformed . 
  europe is a small continent and the eu gives it a way to handle its conflicts in a political and judicial forum . 
  it gives the countries the safety they need to relax the conflicts that have lead to centuries and centuries of warfare , first and foremost germany , who is stuck between the other `` powers '' and no longer needs to worry about being invaded from all sides . 
  i do think that you could have actually said precisely because of the increased oversight . 
  the ec , for example , works really well compared to other bureaucracies because every fuck-up would turn into medium to large shit-storm -- after all , there are so many people who would love to blame them for anything . 
  while the comment you are replying to is not particularly bright , i do have to add two things . 
  a ) unfortunately the charts only give us raw numbers , so we do n't know the gravity of the alleged infringement ( did they classify apples in the wrong way or are they mistreating eu nationals , to give two examples ) . 
  b ) these infringement procedures deal with legislation passed within the community system , they are not fundamental disagreements about the community itself . 
  i do n't think there is much value in conflating the two things . 
  both are conflicts , but the former can be resolved in court if necessary , the latter ca n't . 
  anyway , i hope you do n't get too annoyed by some of the obnoxious bashers here . 
  too many of them do n't seem like very pleasant people , but i appreciate reading your viewpoint and hope you will continue to share it . 
  yeah , i thought perhaps he or she was looking for something familiar . 
  well , well , well . 
  let 's not go overboard with this . 
  many great things come from the same country as you . 
  having said that , there 's always a tiny , overpriced flat here in munich for you guys . 
  how tall are you guys ? 
  ( pinging / u/simpowerz as well ), 
  well , both italy and france recently found common ground with the ec , so i think that does n't count . 
  the danone thing i heard about , that really sucked , but considering that the alstom/ge deal went through , i guess those times seem behind us . 
  can you tell me more about the energy market ? 
  i could n't find much about that , though i 'd * love * to buy me some cheap french nuclear power . 
  are you sure they are against that ? 
  they could make so much money with their nuclear-powered-money-printing-presses . 
  if it 's a true external eu border , there will be controls . 
  that part is definite . 
  but i 'll put you down as `` no schengen . '', 
  some people have tried to bring examples of france and/or italy doing so in recent threads , but have been refuted by not just one person ( key words parmalat , alstom ) . 
  can you point me to some other instances ? 
  if you can , i 'd prefer an authoritative source , not an opinion piece . 
  question : if the uk were to leave the eu completely , there would have to be border controls between ireland to protect an external eu border . 
  there would n't have to be passport controls , but customs and all that stuff that separates the single market from the outside world . 
  do you think ireland would consider joining schengen if such a kind of border would have to go up between ireland and ni ? 
  there are some occurrences , but most of the factually incorrect statements are not coming from the pro-eu side . 
  those on the boats are beyond any other measure , which is what we are talking about . 
  helping them will not bankrupt us at all . 
  this does n't preclude measures to improve their home countries . 
  * i * understand it . 
  a lot of brits parrot what they are being told , which is increasingly only loosely connected to reality , at best . 
  when they parrot what they picked up in front of someone from outside the echo chamber , they find unexpected resistance and that causes a lot of drama . 
  you know , to be fair , it goes both ways . 
  on the one side are quite a few britons who come out of the national echo chamber their media has created , large parts of which are completely detached from reality at this point . 
  on the other side you have most of everyone else who are basically shocked by this pov and ca n't understand it . 
  there will be friction when the debaters ca n't even agree on the facts . 
  it 's unavoidable . 
  it always depends on the exact question ( s ) they are asking . 
  few areas of the world are as rich as europe . 
  we can afford this very easily . 
  having said that , the mere fact that you equate the lives of people with amounts of money is nothing short of repulsive . 
  ask them : euproject@civitas.org.uk, 
  i think there 's only a misconception about the meaning of the word `` federation . '', 
  the express purpose of federal political systems is to * preserve * their constituent states -- for example by explicitly enumerating the powers delegated to the federal bodies -- and not destroy them . 
  [ @realtimewwii ] ( https://twitter.com/realtimewwii ) tweeted it , that 's how i learned about it . 
  i can only recommend following this account ( and also [ @realtimewwi ] ( https://twitter.com/realtimewwi ) ) . 
  it 's really sobering and makes you appreciate our peaceful times . 
  it does , it 's just not banning them but instead harmonising the produce classifications . 
  the british government actually offered france to [ merge the two nations ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franco-british_union#world_war_ii_.281940.29 ) just before france ( rejected the offer and ) capitulated to germany . 
  `` eu wants to go through with churchill 's plan '', 
  one year `` does / u/frankeh have to eat his hat ? '', 
  it makes sense .
