  but that was n't something russia offered . 
  russian troops occupied the peninsula first , then made someone head of the local government who had 4 % at the previous election , then held a referendum that did n't even have an option to keep the status quo . 
  putin is n't even denying the invasion in crimea any more , perhaps you should n't either . 
   we are n't much better than the russians themselves anyway yes , yes , we are . 
  do n't get me wrong , the west is far from perfect , but at least we 're trying . 
  we do n't kill journalists , we do n't systematically fuel homo - and xenophobia . 
  we have fair and open elections . 
  we have functioning courts . 
  by any measurement , the average people in the eu are freer , more prosperous and safer than those in russia . 
  being able not to have these things , not to have a free press , not to live following established gender roles , not being able to have a proper say in your government is . 
  not . 
  freedom . 
  this false equivalence is really driving me mad . 
  just compare all the countries `` under america 's thumb '' with those under russia 's . 
  even those were the west supported dictatorships and all that . 
  look how chile is doing compared to cuba , or south korea compared to north korea . 
  or look how poland is doing compared to ukraine . 
  really , you `` old-westerners '' should accept the message eastern europe ( `` new-westerners '' ) has been trying to convey for a while now : the russian government is not a partner , not a friend . 
  it 's a menace that needs to be pushed back . 
  are you serious ? 
  russia invades another european country and asking for tougher sanctions on them , even if we would suffer negative consequences ourselves , is now fascist-esque ? 
  it 's not very pan - if quite a few slavs want nothing to do with it , is it ? 
  this initiative will probably not pass through parliament and if big countries like the uk vote against it , it will definitely not pass the consilium . 
  which is a good thing . 
  western media also reports that kim jong-un was elected with 100 % and that crimea voted for russian annexation with 93 % . 
  that 's what a report is , a reproduction of what they 've been told , not necessarily reality . 
  that said , it could still be true . 
  i was just hoping for independent western polls or something similar as a corroboration . 
  nato is a defensive alliance , too . 
  its treaty has no provisions for offence . 
  there is a [ campaign for a un parliamentary assembly ] ( http://www.unpacampaign.org/ ) . 
  if it comes to that , it will only be a matter of time until people start asking why they ca n't elect said parliamentarians themselves . 
  baby steps . 
   he has approx 70 % approval ratings . 
  how do we know this is n't fake like much of everything else ? 
  israel was at war with its neighbours since the forties . 
  they did n't strike first , neither side ever stopped until the peace treaties that came years later . 
  it makes no sense to paint israel as an aggressor in 67 because they were still fighting a war that started some 20 years earlier by their opponents . 
  judaism is a religion and an ethnicity . 
  you can be an atheist jew . 
  although i assume ethnicity means nothing to you , too , which i 'd applaud . 
  we do n't hate those . 
  we hate those that shoot protesters in the streets and do other things we dislike . 
  * you * wo n't meet * them * . 
  a divided europe is not in germany 's interest . 
  this is short-sighted nonsense . 
  perhaps the hqs are more for tax reasons and not so much for development . 
  edit : help , a pack of irishmen has descended on me !, 
   but the west is n't any better even if you were only talking about free press ... oh yes , it is * much * better . 
  compare chile and cuba . 
  compare north and south korea . 
  compare anything west of the former iron curtain and everything east of it . 
  there 's is really no doubt about it how much better people were/are off in these countries , despite all the west 's crimes and problems . 
   english is pretty bad compared to average european citizen nah , not really . 
  do n't sell yourself short !, 
  nato did n't promise that : http://www.nato.int/nato_static/assets/pdf/pdf_2014/20140411_140411-factsheet_russia_en.pdf ( page 2 ) . 
  and that means there is no ethical case to be made for restricting migration , it 's only necessary from a practical perspective because you ca n't just transpose an entire continent without negative consequences . 
  ok , so let me pick an illegal activity . 
  how about republikflucht , i.e. 
  leaving the gdr without permit . 
  oh , but that was an unjust law ? 
  yeah , exactly . 
  as for your last two paragraphs , i do n't really have to comment on them . 
  it just shows what kind of a person you are if you feel the need to equate living in peace and prosperity with a video game console . 
  hey , if at any point in the future your reading comprehension reaches an adult level , read this : gradients lead to diffusion , everywhere . 
  the gradient in development between europe and some of its neighbours is so big , there will unavoidably be a push for migration . 
  the only way to combat this properly is to attack the causes , namely the development gradient . 
  that is neither impractical , nor is it an expensive waste of money . 
  this is the only way to stop people that are willing to die on their way here . 
  and sooner or later , the gradient will flatten , and the incentive to move here disappear . 
  that , and only that , is a solution . 
  and for thinking that you can talk to me in that tone , you can go fuck yourself very kindly . 
  has nothing to do with it . 
  i work for my money . 
  neither of us worked to be born here . 
  it 's pure chance . 
  and if you ca n't comprehend the qualitative differences between homicide and migration , i ca n't help you . 
  questions about my personal donations are irrelevant . 
  what i want from my state as one of its citizens and what i do as an individual are separate things . 
  if i wanted bullshit remarks about private charities i 'd ask some american libertarian . 
  my french is a little rusty , so i 'm surprised how well i understood what everyone was saying . 
   hope one day you 'll need help and people will deny it for you . 
  harsh , but true . 
  the sense of entitlement is disgusting . 
  as if they somehow deserved to live in europe 's peace and prosperity while these migrants do n't . 
  shoulda been born on this side of the mediterranean , eh ? 
  as long as there are basically no legal ways of coming here , we should n't be surprised that it only happens illegally . 
  we could , for example , organise for africans to come here to learn the skills their countries need so they can work on improving their countries , not fund detention centres in africa or worse . 
  is there any piece of evidence that would convince you that western media is free-er than russian media or will you try to spin really everything into this false equivalence ? 
  the entire number is useless , does n't even matter what the numerical value is . 
  you could have 3 european laws about produce classification and one national law about conscription . 
  i 'd argue those 25 % will be somewhat more important to everyone 's lives than the other 75 % . 
  military spending creates jobs , too , and not just as soldiers . 
  perhaps of questionable use for our society , but jobs nonetheless . 
  but , no one took kiev . 
  the parliament is still the same as it was before , it elected a new interim government when the old one fell apart/fled the country . 
   us promised ussr that it would not expand pretty sure that promise was not to station troops in ex-warsaw pact states . 
  and that really has n't been done . 
  but the damage does n't come from the schengen idea . 
  it comes from the spying the us government forces on its industry .
