  taxes , public services , prices and location must be factored in before you can compare eur 1100 to usd 1100 . 
  i think we 're kind of on the losing side with this fact . 
  people have fixated on the idea that greece was in permanent free fall and it 's hard to get them to accept that the decline had stopped in early 2014 and even turned into light growth in the third quarter . 
  not quite , the hydrogen isotopes are suspended using magnetic fields . 
  in the sun 's core , temperatures reach about 15 million degrees while the ionised gas ( plasma ) is as denser than lead . 
  in our fusion devices , temperatures exceed 200 million degrees , but in turn densities are much much lower , less than a 100,000 th of atmospheric density . 
  you could n't fuse ordinary hydrogen under these conditions , but its heavier isotopes deuterium and tritium ( 1 and 2 extra neutrons , respectively ) can and do fuse under these conditions . 
  i just want to point out that it 's not just northern europe , e.g. 
  [ here ] ( http://www.verfassungsblog.de/democratic-russian-roulette/ ) 's an opinion from madrid . 
  what aspects of their platform make you identify as a republican ? 
  fair enough , i hope you do n't mind if i leave my comment up . 
  except that 's totally not what happened . 
  [ government expenditure falls faster than revenue ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vm6iboc.jpg ) ( from eurostat ) . 
  your analogy is also missing the internal devaluation aspect , as well as the dysfunctional public institutions ( e.g. 
  your shopkeeper does n't keep track of his finances properly and he also does n't make sure his customers pay him on time ) . 
  i 'm not saying the troika 's approach was necessarily correct , but your description is n't correct either . 
  while greece 's gdp did decline more than officially expected at first , the decline did slow down in late 2013 and early 2014 and even reversed in q3 of 2014 . 
  only when snap elections were called and a new government came to power did the downward trend re-surface . 
  so , the `` troika failed completely '' narrative is n't justified . 
  the difference being , ron paul was or is completely outside the political spectrum with some of his ideas ( read : crazy ) , on both sides of the atlantic . 
  sanders is a solid centre-left politician by european standards , nothing insane about it . 
  this is a massive oversimplification of how it 's really working . 
  a bank can never just give out more money than it has taken in . 
  the multiplication through the minimum reserve is a multi-stage process : in the eurozone , banks must deposit 1 % of every customer deposit at the central bank . 
  the other 99 % can be used for loans and other banking business . 
  i.e. , if i have 1000 $ in my bank account , it can lend someone else 990 $ . 
  if that someone deposits that money at a bank again , this bank can lend out another 980.1 $ . 
  this is a geometric series with a * theoretical * maximum multiplicator of 100 ( it 's much lower in real life because people do n't just deposit loans at another bank but actually spend the money ) . 
  no `` extra '' money is really created , it 's just a multi-stage balance sheet extension . 
  problems can arise when people are trying to undo this extension in the wrong order . 
  a 100 % minimum reserve requirement ( i.e. 
  no fractional reserve lending ) would mean that a bank has to get new central bank money for every loan they want to give out because they 're effectively just acting as proxies for the central bank . 
  in order to get a loan to build a house you 'd need to already own an equally valuable house that your bank can use as collateral at the ecb . 
  it 's rather self-evident why this would make economic development somewhat difficult and why we allow banks to work with their customer 's money according to their own judgements without constantly bothering the central bank for every loan someone might want to take out . 
  i 'm doubtful about centrally planned economies working properly , even in the information age . 
  yes , and you 're needlessly furthering the current climate with statements like the one above . 
  because consecutive greek governments have agreed to austerity and reform but then did austerity and not much reform . 
  the reform promises have become hard to believe so the creditors retreat to comparably crude austerity measures . 
  keep up the us-vs-them-mentality , otherwise we might eventually have progress . 
  physical assets do n't lose value when someone turns on the printing presses . 
  maybe through second-order consequences , but not directly . 
  if the greek government wanted to nationalise something , it could have done so to avoid the current situation . 
  have n't seen a big push to take from the rich though :-(, 
  yes , the new measures were tabled after the new government came to power and changed greece 's course . 
  i like that you think you can judge my scientific credentials . 
  it 's more embarrassing for you than me . 
  look , this makes no sense . 
  let 's just leave it at that . 
  yes , depending on how the situation plays out , greece might find itself in violation of several european laws . 
  you 're looking for a conspiracy where there is none . 
  there is no coherent strategy to fuck over greece from lisbon to helsinki . 
  sometimes people might feel the need to lie to world . 
  but at least , do n't lie to yourself . 
  i chuckled . 
  i 'm a scientist , i handle data and graphs all day long . 
  the decline had slowed down and begun to reverse over several years . 
  if you 'd calculate the second time derivative you 'd see positive curvature . 
  estimating the consequences of a decision is again not a coup . 
  in addition , several people made the same estimates , it 's not a european propaganda offensive . 
  extending liquidity assistance to greek banks does also not `` ferment '' their problems or constitute a coup . 
  just give it a rest already . 
  it 's a funny skit , but it does n't change the data you presented . 
  hardly . 
  big capital keeps that capital in assets , not cash . 
  i could n't find a number , but if we use turkey as a basis for a back-of-the-envelope-estimate ( 83k mosques for 75m inhabitants ) , then tunisia has over 12000 mosques . 
  80 would constitute a share of 0.6 % . 
  if you do n't know the total number of mosques in tunisia , then you ca n't draw that conclusion . 
  i 've been following the greek crisis carefully for several years and i have to say that i do n't quite agree with how you characterise it . 
   but the eurozone could have insisted with force that the fiscal system should be revamped to make the rich pay more taxes , remove some of the absurd exemptions and make the poor and middle class pay less to allow them to buy things and contribute to the economy . 
  that 's a neat idea , but unfortunately the greek state is not able to collect taxes properly . 
  previous governments have promised to improve that situation and then haven not delivered . 
  the creditors realised this and began demanding cuts where they cut happen instead . 
  with the greek state having a bloated public sector and high social spending , these were of course the number one targets instead . 
  i 'm not a fan of this , but the blame lies primarily on the greek elites , not their creditors . 
   they could have insisted that companies profit be taxed at a higher rate . 
  i 'm sure this idea came up , but ramping up taxes while there is no proper system to collect them is pointless . 
   they could have insisted that fiscal exile should be fiercely fought against . 
  you mean with stuff like the [ lagarde list ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lagarde_list ) which are still to be investigated by the greek authorities ? 
   they could have argued that employment in the public sector should not be drastically reduced because it constituted a reliable consumer base . 
  employment had to be reduced because the greek state did no longer have the means to finance said public sector . 
   they could have asked greece to massively reduce it 's military spending . 
  i agree and i 'm not sure why this has n't happened until now , though that does contradict your wish to * not * slash the public sector . 
   they could have financed unemployment for a while to make sure the population did not fall into misery . 
  such a programme seems to be under development , but it 's unrealistic to expect it in an ad-hoc fashion . 
   they could have requested that the water and energy sector be regulated or even nationalized to ensure that the prices were not subjected to speculation . 
  both sectors are all but nationalised . 
  i 'm not sure what speculation you are referring to . 
   they could have loaned money to greece for free instead of the 6 , 9 , 12 % the banks asked . 
  i agree the rates could have been lower . 
  but do n't suggest that they were anywhere near 6 % . 
   they could asked that the banks be nationalized or socialized given that they had completely failed their purpose . 
  i agree in general , but i do n't see how nationalised banks would have helped greece right now . 
  the banks are on the brink again , the greek state would only have one more dysfunctional state agency to deal with . 
   they could have given back to greece the interest on the greek debt they possessed instead of keeping it for themselves . 
  the greeks are receiving their share of the ecb 's profits . 
  again , if greece 's problems are home-grown , it 's really hard to ask other countries to give them money when quite a few of these countries are even poorer to begin with . 
   they could have asked to put in place policies that favored long term external investment to focus on growth and stability . 
  they did . 
  the previous governments signed up to most measures and then did n't deliver most of those . 
  special interests where just too strong .
