  the us government is hurting its own industries , not europe . 
  yeah , i had that . 
  my crappy router died from too many connections until i replaced it with a better one . 
  / u/nailpolished should try a better router if these tests do n't show any result . 
   germany : president , directly elected actually he 's elected by the bundesversammlung ( federal assembly ) , a combination of the bundestag and representatives of the 16 states . 
  the us is the most likely contender for everything west of and including germany , yes . 
  other than that , what you think , excuse my bluntness , fairly irrelevant . 
  history has given us plenty of examples to disprove your hypothesis . 
  a good one is germany before its unification in 1871 . 
  the fragmentation did n't prevent most german states from falling into the hegemony of some neighbouring power . 
  ca n't ukraine buy from us at 380 and we tell them to just take it out of our gas in the pipelines before it gets to us ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:political_system_of_the_european_union.svg perhaps, 
  if europe does n't have a minimum degree of local political centralisation , it will suffer , ahem , remote political centralisation . 
  for ukraine and others , that centre will be in moscow . 
  hope you like ` dem `` autonomies . '', 
  [ epp , s&d and alde seem to want to make a stand ] ( http://www.eppgroup.eu/press-release/epp,-s%26d,-alde-groups-on-election-of-eu-commission-president ) . 
  i 'm sure most other groups will join them , too . 
  the council president is a glorified clerk without real power . 
  the title president might make him look more powerful than he is ... but all he does is prepare and preside over council meetings , helping to find compromises among the national leaders . 
  ok , i can see what you mean , even if i 'm not sure you can reduce culture to food . 
  umm ... we elect parliament in ~ 2 months and they elect the commission president . 
  pretty much like our parliamentary democracies work , too . 
  ... what ? 
  actually they thought of that . 
  it would have to be a careful wording as to not arouse suspicion until it 's too late , preferably entering the proposal through an amendment from a conservative mep that is n't known for fighting for civil liberties . 
  pretty dirty , no doubt about it . 
  i do n't think the idea is being pursued , so no need to think about it to much ... 
  exactly ... :-\\, 
   we would be a next-level fucked right now if an ethnicity component was added to arguments . 
  welcome to the old world . 
  i ca n't tell you who came up with the idea but i can tell you that the person in question has no law background . 
  what 's the german approach exactly ? 
  you 're laughing , but i did speak with an mep who looked for ways to punish the british government and one idea was or is to use telco regulation to prohibit surveillance equipment on telco infrastructure and then sue the uk for having laws that allow such equipment to be installed . 
  [ totally ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/common/infringements/infringement_cases/bycountry/index_en.htm ) . 
  why not ? 
  i had a vodafone sim in portugal , in italy , i could have one in germany . 
  do n't see why i 'd have to buy 3 sims from the same corporation in 3 countries to net get ripped off . 
   another providers airwaves well ... not really . 
  many european telcos are multinationals and sometimes not even the name changes from one country to the other . 
  they 're really just ripping us off , the money goes to literally the same shareholders . 
  if you can just use mobile data anywhere in europe , you do n't need to pay for the hotspot . 
  less demand -  lower prices . 
  no general speed limit , but over half of it has local speed limits in place . 
   agreed . 
  though i think my point still stands that the difference between the uk 's potential influence from within the eu and the uk 's influence from outside the eu is not as gigantic as all that . 
  no , it 's utter nonsense . 
  no seat , no vote , not even observers or other employees to give a british perspective -- that * is * a gigantic difference . 
  and that does n't even include the informal influence that develops through personal connections of representatives and officials . 
  nah , by your reasoning , scotland might as well leave the uk since it has barely any influence anyway . 
  actually , any small part of any bigger place should do that . 
  regardless , i find working or voting for a party that knowingly exacerbates the very issues it decries very dubious , to say the least . 
  then again , we already established that they , well , or you , first create the conclusion and then fabricate arguments , not the other way around . 
  [ the uk does n't grow because of the eu !, 
  -- well , yes , it does . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/208bir/european_elections_2014_ukip_suffers_blow_as_more/cg0xqdz?context=7 ) but the uk has no influence !, 
  -- well , no , but their influence is unnecessarily reduced by their own choice . 
  see , told you so !, 
  since this , by all means , not reasoning , i guess the saying is right , `` you ca n't reason a person out of a position they did n't reason themselves into . '', 
  eh , google maps assumes a civilised speed on the autobahn , around 120 kph . 
  the eu does n't run on `` 1 country , 1 vote . '', 
  britain is or could be as powerful as france . 
  it has the population , the cultural weight and the economy . 
  it simply chooses to be weaker , for example by electing meps who wo n't even show up when things important to the uk are decided , [ among other things ] ( http://imgur.com/a/x8sxh ) ( all from [ @britinfluence ] ( https://twitter.com/britinfluence ) ) . 
  yeah ... perhaps they should be in the hands of public operators if private ones ca n't deal with them . 
  oh , and the prices are without backup . 
  we effectively need double infrastructure to compensate for the few times where there is neither wind nor sunshine . 
  i can back this up from the other end of the federal republic . 
  why wait ? 
  the uk is not in schengen , so it might as well start before moldova gets visa-free travel . 
   i will not rest until munich looks like athens . 
  -- king ludwig i of bavaria, 
  you ca n't generalise that . 
  the us federation has the right to levy taxes , as do the states or counties or municipalities . 
  in germany , only the federation can levy taxes . 
  it really depends on how it 's set up in the end . 
   the unelected commission the commission is nominated by the national governments and elected by parliament . 
  it 's not so different from regular parliamentary democracy . 
  if the eu had taxing rights , that would also have to go through parliament and council ( lower and upper chamber of the legislative , basically ) . 
  other than that , see / u/cyridius and / u/doctorheredoctor, 
  i do n't think subordinating our ideational interests to material interests is a good strategy . 
  many african rulers are deeply corrupt and we should n't just prop them up with our unconditional business . 
  we did that in the past and our nations have amassed quite a lot of blood on their hands . 
  anyway , much of africa still has comparably strong ties to europe due to its colonial history and resulting shared languages . 
  we have a head start compared to the others . 
  either way , zuma might not be at the summit , his ministers will be . 
  and mugabe , who cares , really ? 
  at the end of the day , we 're still loaded in comparison , and money talks . 
  that way , perhaps we can turn bigger parts of africa not just into business partners but also ideological allies against autocracies like especially china . 
  the globe is transparent and you are seeing america shining through it . 
  did you even read the article ? 
  bashir is wanted by the icc . 
  the only place we 're inviting him to is a cell in the hague . 
   i think many danes admire his role in leading norway through the ut\u00f8ya-ordeal . 
  i know you gave a danish perspective , but i just wanted to add that it 's not just danes . 
  the imf is offering tens of billions to stabilise ukraine on the bond markets and us , eu , japan are offering several billions for development , too . 
  not exactly nothing . 
  and it thankfully comes with strings attached so it can benefit the country in the long term and not just corrupt officials . 
  so now the bigger part of ukraine seems to have at least a chance to escape from under putin 's thumb . 
  it 's not perfect , but still better than leaving all of ukraine at his mercy . 
  your ( or rather his ) entire argument derailed in the first item because eu membership is n't even on the horizon .
