  '' how straight is this banana , pinhead ? '' the arrogant mep smirked quite gypsy-like and smugly replied `` not at all , you stupid libertarian . '' '' wrong . 
  it is straight . 
  if it was bendy as you say ... then it should be banned now . '' the mep was visibly shaken , and dropped his manuscript and copy of the ventotene manifesto . 
  he stormed out of the plenary chamber crying those continental crocodile tears . 
  the same tears continentals cry for the `` poor '' ( who today live in such great conditions they do n't even die in trenches any more ) when they jealously try to claw justly earned wealth from the virtuous northern countries . 
  there is no doubt that at this point our mep , jean-claude schulz , wished he had not been a statist and become more than just a government parasite . 
  he wished so much that he could lock himself alone in his office to hide his embarrassment , but he himself had abolished all borders including closed doors !, 
  the other mps applauded and all registered ukip that day and accepted nigel le pen as their dear leader . 
  a bulldog and a rooster , both coincidentally named `` nation state '' walked into the room and together pissed on the european flag . 
  the eu treaties were burned several times , and putin himself showed up and broke up the eu . 
  the mep lost his seat and was completely unable to find employment in the private sector lacking a stem degree . 
  he died of the continental plague cancer and was tossed into the channel until the next ice age . 
  then make your case for that and do n't try to attack someone for the image he chose to put next to his name . 
  first , chances are i 'm brighter than most . 
  second , i do n't have a big problem with the antifa . 
  third , his flag is still irrelevant to the topic because a ) he lives in europe and b ) even if he did n't , arguments stand by themselves , regardless of who voices them . 
  i have misunderstood the comment , true . 
  but that does n't mean you have to insult me . 
  yes , sorry , i confused the comment threads . 
  you hopefully did n't kill any . 
  [ dutch collaborators killed enough ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/netherlands_in_world_war_ii#collaboration ) . 
  edit : yeah , i got lost in the comment threads . 
  i 'll still leave this here . 
  why does the flag next to his name matter ? 
  yes , luftwaffe and kriegsmarine are in position . 
  `` operation seel\u00f6we 2 : barrage the farage '' is ready to go * any moment * . 
  i was n't sure what to think of him when he was elected , but his recent words and actions have made me like him more and more . 
  he really is inconvenient to many people , so he must be doing something right . 
  because they were stereotypical bavarians ... 
  true , i should have remembered at least the latter . 
  well , then it 's settled , we 'll do it like bavarians :d, 
  i 'm not aware of any german state prime minister running for federal office , but perhaps we can learn from the americans . 
  they do have governors running for federal office , do n't they ? 
  oh god this is hilarious , where is it from ? 
  he beat barnier at the party convention in dublin in march : http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2014-03-07/juncker-beats-barnier-to-nomination-as-eu-commission-race-starts.html i guess we 'll never know why he was chosen , but considering the result ( 382 to 245 ) , it probably came down to the personal preferences of the delegates . 
  you know , i did go to the election knowing that i was going to also elect the next cp . 
  my favourite did n't win , but that 's just how it is sometimes . 
  but the lead candidates were still nominated way before the election , most heads of government or state ( i.e. 
  council members ) either openly approved the procedure or at least sat by without any complaints while the europarties did their alleged `` power grab . '', 
  turning back now would just be a shitty thing to do when they could have done it all the way before the election . 
  but they did n't and here we are . 
  it 's not my fault that many of our fellow europeans ca n't be bothered to even inform themselves about one election in 5 years . 
  i and the people who did their democratic duty and cast an informed vote should n't be punished by ignoring us . 
  the rest can very well learn the lesson the hard way and inform themselves about the election in 5 years . 
  i mean : parliament is divided along political lines , not national lines . 
  the political lines are set by the election result in europe as a whole , not artificially changed through national boundaries . 
  for instance , the left could have 40 % in every country of europe , resulting in 100 % right governments in the council , while the ep would really reflect the true situation . 
  considering that a government is rarely supported by more than just a bit over half of mps , heads of government only reflect a part of the opinions of a people , whereas the ep is free of such artificial voting blocs . 
  i admit that this was the first election of its kind and many people were still not aware of the candidates and their programmes . 
  however , all of them , juncker , schulz , and so on , did campaign on pan-european issues . 
  i 'm rather confident that the next election will be taken more seriously now . 
  i 'm getting bored so i 'll make it short : germany should get more shit for this and britain needs to drop its victim complex . 
  when a decision is made 26:2 and the only ally cameron managed to get is orban of hungary , the correct response is not `` one wrong way driver ?!, 
  thousands !! '', 
  thank you . 
  though now we 'd still have to look more closely into this because nafta is made of different economies than ours . 
  hardly . 
  * everyone * agrees that gdp is far from a flawless metric . 
  you can sit in a traffic jam for an hour and it will increase gdp because you burned petrol . 
  that 's why things like the human development index include not just gdp . 
  you can repeat this again and again , but there has been no evidence of elevated levels of fraud within the eu and the reason for the accounting issues are in the member states , not the eu bodies . 
  do n't get me wrong , i think it 's a big problem . 
  but there 's no point in criticising the eu for that . 
  it would n't face this issue if it had the power to just look for itself -- but member states do n't want to cede that power . 
  i do n't understand the second paragraph . 
  no , british foreign policy can be set however britain decides to set it . 
  but all decisions have consequences . 
  the eu is a political project and if britain is perceived as having more allegiance to another political power , it will not be able to command as much influence within the eu . 
  it 's no secret that american neocons want a weak eu and it was exactly when american neocons led america that britain followed america and not france and germany . 
  you are n't saying what numbers that are ( per capita gdp , millions , what ? ), 
  and you are not giving any sources either . 
  finally , assuming these numbers ( whatever they are exactly ) are accurate , you 're also not showing how this is * better * . 
  more growth is not better growth . 
  to paraphrase someone from a clinton town-hall meeting : `` yeah , you created 1 million new jobs , i have three of them '', 
  international accounting standards for an organisation that is one of a kind can not exist . 
  besides , the [ house of lords itself has concluded that there is no indication of noteworthy corruption in the eu 's main body ] ( http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/ld200506/ldselect/ldeucom/270/27010.htm ) and that they `` share the concern raised with us by the european court of auditors that their decision not to give a positive statement of assurance can be misunderstood . '', 
  nato expanding into the east does n't question the goal of nato : ensuring the security of the allied north-atlantic territories . 
  it 's not a good example for what you are trying to argue . 
  it 's not completely unrelated to eu policy and it 's not a jab at america . 
  you just ca n't argue that paying some more money ( with strings attached , not going to the cap , for example ) and u-turning on internal british politics puts britain at europe 's heart when it went to a war that was not welcome in large or even most parts of europe . 
  it looks similar to what de gaulle feared , britain acting as a trojan horse for certain american interests ( not america as such , before you accuse me of anti-americanism again ) . 
  i 'm sorry , but it 's evident that your arguments are n't really there . 
  * the court of auditors decides what signing off means , not you or me . 
  their criteria acknowledge that the eu is not an actual country and has to deal with things like conflicting national jurisdiction . 
  * if one questions the direction of the project , one questions the project itself -- a project is defined by its direction . 
  if you go somewhere else , you work on a different project . 
  france may want exceptions when it comes to details , but they do n't opt out of major undertakings . 
  not schengen , not the euro , not the common security and defence policy , the list goes on . 
  * how did blair put britain at europe 's heart exactly ? 
  by following america into a war based on false premises that half of europe rejected ? 
  i 'm sure you have some numbers to back that fact up . 
  for a while schulz 's s&d was ahead in the polls . 
  not so sure about that guaranteed epp victory . 
   the peace and stability of europe was thanks to the collective defence of nato , guaranteed by american troops in germany . 
  it has more to do with silencing german nationalists who were the main driver of european instability by making germany aggressive . 
  europe 's resident troublemaker was germany . 
  it has no natural borders and felt the need to assert itself through shows of strength . 
  the german nationalists behind that thinking were marginalised by european integration , giving germans an additional european identity to make them feel secure . 
  this process started years before german integration into nato . 
  certainly nato and the us played a big role , but only european integration had a permanent effect by moving intra-european conflict into a political forum where these conflicts can be settled without bloodshed .
