  i 'm not asking for legal reasons , as in legal obligations . 
  if russia is found to be invading ukraine , i.e. 
  breaking article 2 of the un charter , then every other country has the right to help ukraine following article 51 of the same charter : collective self-defence . 
  my question to you is , do you think the strong ( russia ) shall be allowed to harm the weak ( ukraine ) , even if we could do more to stop it ? 
  ok , so let 's say we are able to confirm the intrusion by russian forces , what would we do then ? 
  so what 's your suggestion ? 
  we can share . 
  retrofitting the pipelines to reverse the flow can be done in a matter of weeks rather than months . 
  the word `` protect '' does n't appear on that page . 
  do n't fall for his false premise . 
  there was no coup at all . 
  the former president fled the country , the same parliament as before ( which apparently was a-ok in terms of having a democratic mandate ) elected a new interim government until a new president was elected with a clear majority in the first round of elections . 
  you do know we have other suppliers of gas and oil , and also electric heaters that we can power even with coal , and even coats and covers , right ? 
  depending on who you ask , tax evasion is between one and three orders of magnitude worse than benefit abuse . 
  total benefit abuse , that is , not just eu nationals . 
  considering how little we hear about fixing the tax code , and how much about poor people supposedly exploiting the system , the `` as well '' in your comment is hardly appropriate . 
  no , we really have n't . 
  `` if you are neutral in situations of injustice , you have chosen the side of the oppressor . '', 
  a ) you are overestimating their abilities -- intelligence agencies get shit wrong all the time -- and b ) `` ok people '' do n't go fight for a theocracy . 
  i think such a treaty would be a good idea , but to prevent all the bs we are suspecting , i 'd like the negotiations to be open ( i.e. 
  something like a joint committee of the europarl/us-senate meeting and passing the treaty like any committee would , then on to the floor and so on ) . 
  yes , it 's never been done like that so far , but if we want to move politics out of the back rooms , we have to start somewhere . 
  there is something called the bystander effect where everyone assumes someone else will do it and that the police already know , except everyone thinks that way and no one told the police . 
  please do n't be a victim of this effect . 
  that human rights are a liberal ideology that is a cancer and not an achievement . 
  are they east germans by any chance ? 
  scnr, 
  i 'm not a big merkel fan but you can hardly expect her to phrase everything such that it can not be misunderstood after it has been translated into another language . 
  she said that , but as in `` ukraine can choose its own path '' not as in `` go to hell . '', 
  i 'd rather have cancer than what you have . 
  an ever bigger achievement !, 
  that 's nice but it wo n't help the people whose lives are in danger because of an ongoing conflict . 
  yes , every norwegian worked very hard to have a country on top of massive oil reserves . 
  obviously . 
  you ca n't recognise whatever paper is issues as a passport unless you want to actually recognise these madmen as a legitimate state that can give out passports and has citizens . 
  because it 's just `` human rights '' and not `` human rights * '' . 
  that 's not consensus . 
  it 's not tough at all . 
  terrorist can be locked in a prison just fine without giving up the most precious achievements of our civilisation . 
  first of all , you make it sound as if there was consensus on the topic . 
  there is not , not in sweden and not around sweden . 
  so , please do n't suggest an us-vs . - them-situation . 
  then , concentration leads to ghettos , so it 's not a good policy . 
  the more contact there is between foreigners and locals , the less tensions there are . 
  furthermore , the reform would have to be more to the benefit of the southern member states who are supposed to both protect the outer border ( so that we can abolish internal borders ) as well as respect the right to asylum as enshrined in various european laws , which puts an unfair burden on them simply because of their geographic location . 
  we all benefit from these arrangements , so it is only just that we also share the burdens . 
  the only scandal here is that a country with a comparably small population takes in some of the highest per-capita numbers of refugees in the entire eu . 
  the entire system of asylum ( and immigration , too ) must be reformed . 
  yeah , they are stupid assumptions because they insinuate that there exists some kind of organised conspiracy to infiltrate and conquer the host country . 
  but there is n't , and most actual migrants assimilate over few generations if welcomed and given the chance , and then only if they are n't already returning home once the danger has passed . 
  so , all in all , i 'm glad you agree that they are stupid assumptions . 
  even if they were n't , making demographic predictions by extrapolating momentary data over several decades or even centuries would be * utterly * moronic , so i 'm extra-glad that you are smart enough not to do that . 
  civil law is n't ignoring precedent either ; lawyers spend much time studying past cases to predict how courts will interpret the law and also to use it for their own arguments -- after all , similar facts of a case must lead to similar verdicts or else it 'd just be arbitrariness . 
  that principle is universal . 
  til rejecting almost half of all asylum applications = unrestricted immigration at this speed ( ~ 25k per year ) , sweden 's population will be completely replaced with refugees in only about 400 years !, 
  yeah , germany lost a war that it itself had started so some reprisal had to be expected . 
  it 's not like the allies just decided to bully germany . 
  yes , sometimes it is . 
  source : have vandalised neonazi symbols and my usually very vocal conscience remained silent . 
  you 're entitled to your interpretation , but at the end of the day all we have are the poll results themselves . 
  i enjoy your butt-hurt-inducing comments . 
  my fellow europeans need a few doses of reality from time to time . 
  this really does n't mean much . 
  you 'll find that most populations were opposed to the introduction of the euro but got used to it fairly quickly and now they all want to keep it . 
  it will be hard to find a single government that was voted out because of the euro . 
  it 's just not such an important issue for everyone , even if they tend to be against it . 
  i 'm going to miss the colbert report :-(, 
  you seem to be the only one with first hand experience as opposed to some elusive truthiness . 
  that was very well translated . 
  no , it 's hilarious and awkward at the same time . 
  umm ... but both the us and switzerland offer federal bonds and have implicit if not explicit internal transfer mechanisms ( i.e. 
  common social security system ) . 
  in my city there is a group of youths who hang at the train station , some wearing the tsv 1860 m\u00fcnchen flag . 
  if you pass them , they ask you if you support either 60 or bayern , there is only 1 correct answer ... . 
  i 'm only half-joking . 
  point being , people who feel as losers will find something to feel better about . 
  some turn into football hooligans , some turn into neonazis , the list goes on ... but the problem is them feeling the way they do , not what excuse they find to act out . 
  europeans have exploited most of these lands and murdered hundreds of millions of people . 
  entire cultures were wiped out . 
  large areas of the world still suffer from the chaos europeans left behind , especially how they drew the borders in some areas of the world . 
  still today , europeans and their descendants use so many of the limited resources of this planet that we 'd need several planets to sustain ourselves -- that we do n't have , so developing nations just miss out * and * will suffer most of the consequences ( e.g. 
  climate change ) . 
  the only thing europeans and their descendants learned is that they can keep exploiting the entire world without actually having colonies . 
  if what you wrote were true , we would n't even put murderous thieves in prison . 
  if they agree to stop with the murdering they even get to keep what they stole . 
  absurd . 
  next , the notion that europeans were somehow better in and of themselves is just laughabl ( e | y racist ) . 
  civilisations rise and fall , while europe was inhabited only by uncultured cavemen , other parts of the world thrived already -- without their accomplishments in mathematics , for example , europeans would have achieved nothing at all . 
  and what do we have today ? 
  non-contributing zeros boasting about the supposed superiority of their ancestors . 
  it 's grotesque . 
  be that as it may , great britain is an island , not a country either . 
  the redditors in / r/sweden are much less convinced that this actually happened , most importantly because not going to the police because you 're afraid yet giving your name to the media does n't exactly make much sense . 
  first of all , we could rewrite most of your answer with `` human ( s ) '' and `` the earth '' and then it would support my point . 
  then , generally one has to decide whether one takes on all of the inheritance or none of it . 
  if europeans want to cite their ancestors ' virtues to substantiate their claim on europe , then [ almost all non-europeans ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_largest_empires#mediaviewer/file:european_empires.png ) can cite the same ancestors ' sins to substantiate * their * claim on europe . 
  either we can say `` that was our ancestors , so we are not responsible '' ** or ** `` our ancestors did so and so and thus we deserve it . '', 
  you ca n't eat your cake and have it , too . 
   nobody has the right to immigrate to europe for economic reasons , especially when they do n't have anything to contribute , we should n't tolerate it . 
  unless you 've earned your prosperous birthplace in advance , i do n't see how you can make such statements .
