  how are we going to do that ? 
   i understand that countries which promised to pay should pay according to defined rules . 
  however , i also think if citizens wo n't vote about esm being put in practice , they are `` promising '' something they do n't want . 
  i see it as forced policy from the side of the eu . 
  the eu consists of representative democracies . 
  the citizens themselves do n't need to vote for every single law to enact it , their representatives do . 
  quite willingly , if i may say , the eu ca n't and does n't force them . 
  i 'm not even sure what you exactly refer to when you write `` eu '' . 
  the commission , the parliament ? 
   it 's unclear to me if money reserved for the esm in one country could be used for something else while they are not needed or they are being fixed and prepared to be payed off . 
  nevertheless , if the country refuses to pay it will be punished . 
  what if the country needs money in the same time , but has to pay to somebody else ? 
  here i would like to refer to the situation during efsf crisis between slovakia and greece . 
  greece has twice the per capita income , and triple the level of the pensions than slovakia . 
  why slovakia does n't get bailed out as well to be on the same level ? 
  esm will be good for big players , but not for small ones . 
  esm members can do whatever they want with their money . 
  in case the money is needed for the esm , they can , for example , issue bonds to quickly get the needed funds without actually cutting national programmes . 
  though i agree that the situation with slovakia is not exactly fair , but that 's also why greece is now doing a lot of austerity . 
   another thing that bothers me is , that if country fails to pay , other countries will decide where the next package will go . 
  so , if the same country fails to pay again it will be driven into more debt every time new call in authorised unpaid capital is made . 
  members that need help from the esm are not automatically without votes , only if they fail to pay back on time . 
  that is , the time they negotiated beforehand . 
  it 's an incentive to make sure people are really paying their dues as promised . 
  if germany or france had lost their votes in 2002/2003 when they broke the stability rules , we most likely would n't be in this mess right now ( imho ) . 
  you are right . 
  i upvoted you both . 
  regarding the first block you quoted : it refers to `` authorised unpaid capital '' , i.e. 
  said $ 700bn . 
  i think it 's reasonable to expect esm members to pay what they promised when it 's needed . 
  regarding the second block : no eurozone state has control over its own money , the ecb does . 
  most , if not all other developed countries are similar because they , too , have an independent central bank . 
  unless i 'm misunderstanding you and you mean the money they gave the esm . 
  though i think it 's understandable that belated debtors ca n't vote until they paid their dues . 
  we probably would n't be in this mess if germany and france had n't ` politicianed ' their way out of breaking the stability criteria in 2002/2003 ... 
  finally : no , where to you read that ? 
  ` acquire and dispose of movable and immovable property ; ' means ` it can buy and sell stuff like cars and houses ' . 
  how else would it buy offices etc. ? 
  my 2 cents . 
  here 's my take after reading the draft : the esm is useless if it can not carry out its decisions without interference from member states once it has decided something . 
  immunity guarantees that . 
  the draft states clearly that immunity for esm staff is only applicable to actions performed in official capacity . 
  omission is a form of lying as well . 
  yes , seven days to send the money . 
  what was left out is this : the money was previously unanimously agreed to be sent in case it was needed . 
  the board of governors needs unanimity to change the financial ground rules of the esm and needs an 80 % qualified majority for pretty much anything else ( which is funny because germany will have 27 % of the votes and thus a blocking minority ) . 
  national parliaments can make their governors dependent on parliamentary approval before they cast their votes . 
  the video is full of stuff like that . 
  just read the treaty yourself , it 's only about 30 pages . 
  it says [ here ] ( http://www.laquadrature.net/wiki/how_to_act_against_acta ) to call our meps . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.laquadrature.net/wiki/meps_by_country ) 's the list of meps by country . 
  unfortunately i could n't find a sample letter so i 'll be sending la quadrature du net an e-mail asking for such a letter . 
  i 'll post back when i have something . 
  that 's the conciliatory spirit i was looking for . 
  can we maybe stop with the greek jokes , please ? 
  i do n't quite agree with some of the greeks posting on r/europe but they have a point when they complain about constant bashing . 
  as far as i can tell there 's a ranking system . 
  e-mails and faxes are worse than letters or phone calls or even a meeting in person . 
  form-letters or similar forms of mass communication are pretty useless . 
  please quote where did i say the majority of people are stupid . 
  i 'm not going to defend myself against something i did n't do . 
  either way , it 's not a paradox . 
  i know little about medicine or cars , but i can choose a doctor that makes me healthy when i 'm sick or a mechanic that is able to repair my car . 
  and i can switch if they do n't satisfy my demands . 
  everyone can judge results . 
  not everyone can determine the actions required to get good results . 
  our society is built on division of labour ; it 's really weird to believe that national or even international politics is trivial enough for average people to do it as a hobby . 
  as for the rest : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/natural_law, 
  you asked for bad decisions made by the swiss , i listed a few . 
  now you are defending said decisions . 
  then , after you put up a straw man accusing me of not allowing people to have a say in important life matters you present the false dichotomy between direct and unfiltered democracy and totalitarianism . 
  finally , after neglecting to comment on the dire economic situation in california , which is evidence for the potential problems associated with direct democracy and shows that switzerland 's economic success is probably ` despite ' rather than ` because of ' its political system , you insinuate that i 'd favour discrimination based on iq , religion or skin colour . 
  yeah , looks like i 'm done with this thread . 
  the swiss did n't allow all women to vote till 1990 . 
  also they recently voted to single out and discriminate against * one * religion in their constitution . 
  let 's also not forget the decades in which switzerland was a safe haven for any criminal 's money , until international pressure made switzerland do something about it -- because they were quite cool with all the money coming in . 
  not so long ago they introduced a centralised biometric database with new id cards , big brother says hi . 
  i 'm sure we can find more questionable decisions if we start digging . 
  either way , it only works as it is because switzerland is relatively small , both geographically and in terms of population . 
  california has a similar system to switzerland and they are bankrupt . 
  apparently californians do n't only discriminate against certain groups of people , they also suck at economics . 
  i may have been unclear . 
  i 'm actually a bit of a fan of said chinese symbols . 
  why ? 
  they speak a lot of different languages , but the symbols are the same for everyone . 
  we could have the same symbol for the german `` gut '' , the english `` good '' and the greek `` cali '' ( i hope i got that right ) , meaning everyone could read everything . 
  even if we do n't speak each other 's languages we could still read it . 
  i 'm trying google translate on the posts in greek and everyone sounds like a cylon hybrid from battlestar galactica . 
  we should have gone the chinese way , different languages but the same symbols as characters for everyone ... 
  i 'm impressed by your level-headed responses . 
  that 's an interesting strategy but i think that should only be plan b or c. . . 
  yeah , um , sorry about that guy , at least . 
  it 's really embarrassing . 
  well , at least it says `` may censor '' instead of `` shall censor '' . 
  which basically means every member can decide it for itself . 
  well , we prevented it already once in germany , we 'll do it again . 
  i 'm sure the rest of europe can do the same . 
  so , get organised !, 
  banks do n't exist in a vacuum and an uncontrolled default has consequences , even for average people . 
  it 's not a good idea .
