  very interesting . 
  these are n't our missile shields . 
  but you can buy a shield at every supermarket , so it must be concerned citizens or something . 
  for one , syrian/iraqi refugees can come here directly over the sea . 
  same goes for people from libya and even more remote locations , considering that there are growing clusters of unsafe places in the mena region . 
  then , the entire idea that the first safe country is stuck with them is downright stupidly short-sighted . 
  all that it does is overload the places that are unlucky enough to be more or less stable and close ( r ) to a conflict ( than us ) . 
  sooner or later this only allows the instability to spread further and further . 
  we must help in the short-term by either taking in refugees ourselves or giving substantial aid to the country that does take them instead and , in the long run , work to end/prevent the events that cause refugees . 
  to be honest , the views expressed by some people in threads like this one are simply shocking . 
  but it 's good that they are preserved so that history can judge these stupid , vile , heartless creatures and their thinly veiled racism . 
  students will compare their scribbling to the instructions of white supremacists that admonish their compatriots to hide their racism behind worries about `` white genocide '' or variations thereof -- and they 'll all shake their heads . 
  someone ( tm ) should do an experiment . 
  perhaps there is an element to that , but often enough you see people of the same flag up - and downvoted depending on what they write . 
  it 's easy to blame a flag when one is offensive or otherwise repulsive . 
  you can always hover over the flags to see the tool-tip . 
  although mine is a little hard to understand as well :-d, 
  bad luck bavarian : starts studying just when tuition fees are introduced graduates when they are abolished, 
  yeah , i do n't really like the eu flags either . 
  i mean , nice statement , i agree , but that 's not what they 're here for imho . 
  to be fair , though , i did have an eu flag before the wonderful mods added the bavarian flag . 
  you know , those flairs are useful to give others some context when they read a post . 
  yours is ... counter-productive in that regard . 
  if anything , they got fucked over by the british government who joined the eec fully aware of what the cap would have meant for nz lamb . 
  but do n't let me stop you from shifting responsibility away from those who are responsible . 
  perhaps the current administration believes that . 
  neocons openly do n't . 
  i 'm on my phone , but you 'll find that on the site of the heritage foundation , for example . 
  you are missing the part where allies in a formal alliance are objecting to the sale of weapons to a country with a history of threatening ( parts of ) that formal alliance . 
  as long as western european countries do not take the concerns of the eastern european countries seriously , they will turn to america for support . 
  the resulting division of europe will more or less be to everyone 's advantage , except europe itself . 
   apart from , you know , declaring war on germany when we were n't ready to fight because we were had promised to defend poland ... 
  i 've been reading similar responses for a while now , and i do have to point out : the complaints are exactly about * this * . 
  western powers promised to defend poland but did n't actually prepare to do it , so that when push came to shove ... well , you know , horrible war followed by half a century of oppression . 
  actually , for most cookies no notification is necessary . 
  many sites simply go completely overboard . 
  [ here ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/ipg/basics/legal/cookies/index_en.htm ) 's a short overview over the actual legislation . 
  oh , we 're going to have china , that part is clear . 
  the question is whether we can beat the authoritarian system of china * together * ( preferrably with the brazilians & co. and the indians ) . 
  many germans do n't actually hate them . 
  in fact , most are completely apathetic towards the entire topic and sway one way and back the other way , depending on the current headlines . 
  the sign apparently predates croatian accession by over twenty years . 
  that 's besides the point . 
  european powers purposely drew borders in their former colonies that did n't respect ethnic , linguistic or religious boundaries to bind together groups such that it would create conflict and keep the former colonies in a state of turmoil , one they could continue to exploit . 
  yeah , but when europe left the world it tried to fuck up its borders as much as possible to prevent just that . 
  that may be smart in the case of wind power , but for solar this is putting the cart before the horses . 
  the cells will probably never be able to power germany from germany , so we are helping develop a market that will eventually not be here any more . 
  additionally , we are neglecting the other things we should invest in , like grid and storage , so even if cells will become competitive at some time in some place , we wo n't be able to reap the benefits . 
  germany has n't really done well . 
  the panels are only there because of a lot of subsidies . 
  it 's just not economical to put them up unless someone else pays for them . 
  the renewable electricity costs us something like 3x times what it 's worth at the exchange ( and that includes the much more efficient wind power ) . 
  personally , as someone living in a properly insulated apartment in the city , who mostly gets around on bike and public transport , i do n't see why i should subsidise middle-class people in the countryside whose lifestyle is much worse for the environment than mine . 
  and for what ? 
  [ for < 1 % of our total energy consumption ] ( http://i.imgur.com/9xcrsny.png ) . 
  yay ... 
  for some reason i do n't think daesh would spare cyprus or any cypriot if there would n't be attacks launched from there . 
  anyone and anything that would like to undermine the status quo in europe , really . 
  a joke . 
  obama and putin are frozen and wake up 50 years into the future . 
  they immediately turn on the tv to check the news . 
  the anchor reports that the $ has fallen with regard to the euro , even below the indian rupee . 
  putin laughs out loud and taunts obama , he loves seeing his former arch-nemesis humiliated . 
  then , the anchor moves on to the next item , reporting about 10km of traffic jam at the european-chinese border . 
  i 'll leave it for you to figure out whose country lies between europe and china . 
  i would have forgotten it by now if some of your countrymen would n't regularly bring it up . 
  it always amuses me . 
  i know you do n't , just banter . 
  [ mfw ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qfpnmqz.gif ) uk has 6 % lower per capita gdp than germany and over 20 % smaller population but thinks [ it 'll be the biggest economy in europe within 15 years ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/10537773/britain-will-become-biggest-economy-in-europe.html ) . 
  in some languages , it 's still `` the ukraine . '', 
  i 'm assuming the user is used to calling it that way . 
  no one bails out the italians , they are net contributors to the eu budget . 
  and if your claim about migration were true , britain would n't have more [ migrants from non-eu countries than eu countries ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kkgxyj8.png ) . 
  after all , they have no legal right to come to the uk and thus it should n't be hard to reduce their inflow . 
  britain could just do what all other old member states have been doing during the last big enlargement , i.e. 
  impose temporary limits on migration from the new member ( s ) . 
  of course , the alternative is to not do that and then simply blame the eu for their own decisions . 
  yes , that 's all ok in theory , but in reality when some country in europe goes through hard times , others will feel the impact as well , be it through declining export markets , increased migration pressure or plain old crime . 
  we 're not oceans apart and we have to deal with this fact . 
  oh yes , that one 's really great . 
  needs more exposure in these times . 
  when it comes to ethical questions , legalistic justifications are out of place . 
  if the discussion revolves around the law , you ca n't just say the law is the law because it 's the law . 
  free speech is not an end in and of itself . 
  it 's a means to end , to allow and foster pluralism , the exchange of ideas so that society can flourish and progress . 
  nazis offer nothing in that regard . 
  they have nothing worthwile to add and thus there is no value in protecting that kind of speech . 
  as a society , we 've seen where their ideas lead and we 've decided to never go down that path again ( and `` we '' here is n't just germany ) . 
  banning this kind of speech is only consistent with that conviction . 
  besides , every country controls people 's freedom of speech , even if it 's for other reasons . 
  they 're not all nazis . 
  the second is just an unfortunate photo , that happens to the best of us . 
  the first photo ... & # 3232 ; _ & # 3232 ;, 
  if i cared enough i 'd make a vibrating eu-map with the words [ federalising intensifies ] . 
  i think originally it was to prevent fraud . 
  it 's harder to increase the amount if the sign is right before the number . 
  do you even ireland ? 
  ok , that 's what i expected . 
  but do many scots know which clan they belong to and what their tartan looks like and so on ? 
  maybe one day you 'll be able to claim that you were just ahead of your time .
