  as you can see [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voting_in_the_council_of_the_european_union#unanimity ) , agriculture is not subject to unanimity . 
  neither are fish or cars . 
  so again , where is that ominous protection that crsp demands for certain british industries coming from ? 
  so far it appears to me that cameron 's demands in that respect can not be justified by certain ` protections ' for any other european industry . 
  am i wrong ? 
  whose requests ? 
  taxes are already subject to unanimity . 
  britain could have agreed to the new treaty and nothing would have changed in that regard . 
  where in the current treaties do the industries you mentioned get protection through unanimity ? 
  honest question , i 'd like to be able to cite them . 
  i get the point about sides , but the part about same countries is probably only in your head . 
  hm , reminds me of the paragraph on politics in [ this blog post ] ( http://andrewoneverything.com/the-overlearning-the-game-problem ) . 
  what exactly has this to do with the blog post ? 
  it 's time to start calling the current situation what it is : a depression . 
  true , it 's not a full replay of the great depression , but that 's cold comfort . 
  unemployment in both america and europe remains disastrously high . 
  leaders and institutions are increasingly discredited . 
  and democratic values are under siege . 
  on that last point , i am not being alarmist . 
  on the political as on the economic front it 's important not to fall into the `` not as bad as '' trap . 
  high unemployment is n't o.k. 
  just because it has n't hit 1933 levels ; ominous political trends should n't be dismissed just because there 's no hitler in sight . 
  let 's talk , in particular , about what 's happening in europe -- not because all is well with america , but because the gravity of european political developments is n't widely understood . 
  first of all , the crisis of the euro is killing the european dream . 
  the shared currency , which was supposed to bind nations together , has instead created an atmosphere of bitter acrimony . 
  specifically , demands for ever-harsher austerity , with no offsetting effort to foster growth , have done double damage . 
  they have failed as economic policy , worsening unemployment without restoring confidence ; a europe-wide recession now looks likely even if the immediate threat of financial crisis is contained . 
  and they have created immense anger , with many europeans furious at what is perceived , fairly or unfairly ( or actually a bit of both ) , as a heavy-handed exercise of german power . 
  nobody familiar with europe 's history can look at this resurgence of hostility without feeling a shiver . 
  yet there may be worse things happening . 
  right-wing populists are on the rise from austria , where the freedom party ( whose leader used to have neo-nazi connections ) runs neck-and-neck in the polls with established parties , to finland , where the anti-immigrant true finns party had a strong electoral showing last april . 
  and these are rich countries whose economies have held up fairly well . 
  matters look even more ominous in the poorer nations of central and eastern europe . 
  last month the european bank for reconstruction and development documented a sharp drop in public support for democracy in the `` new e.u. '' countries , the nations that joined the european union after the fall of the berlin wall . 
  not surprisingly , the loss of faith in democracy has been greatest in the countries that suffered the deepest economic slumps . 
  and in at least one nation , hungary , democratic institutions are being undermined as we speak . 
  one of hungary 's major parties , jobbik , is a nightmare out of the 1930s : it 's anti-roma ( gypsy ) , it 's anti-semitic , and it even had a paramilitary arm . 
  but the immediate threat comes from fidesz , the governing center-right party . 
  fidesz won an overwhelming parliamentary majority last year , at least partly for economic reasons ; hungary is n't on the euro , but it suffered severely because of large-scale borrowing in foreign currencies and also , to be frank , thanks to mismanagement and corruption on the part of the then-governing left-liberal parties . 
  now fidesz , which rammed through a new constitution last spring on a party-line vote , seems bent on establishing a permanent hold on power . 
  the details are complex . 
  kim lane scheppele , who is the director of princeton 's law and public affairs program -- and has been following the hungarian situation closely -- tells me that fidesz is relying on overlapping measures to suppress opposition . 
  a proposed election law creates gerrymandered districts designed to make it almost impossible for other parties to form a government ; judicial independence has been compromised , and the courts packed with party loyalists ; state-run media have been converted into party organs , and there 's a crackdown on independent media ; and a proposed constitutional addendum would effectively criminalize the leading leftist party . 
  taken together , all this amounts to the re-establishment of authoritarian rule , under a paper-thin veneer of democracy , in the heart of europe . 
  and it 's a sample of what may happen much more widely if this depression continues . 
  it 's not clear what can be done about hungary 's authoritarian slide . 
  the u.s. state department , to its credit , has been very much on the case , but this is essentially a european matter . 
  the european union missed the chance to head off the power grab at the start -- in part because the new constitution was rammed through while hungary held the union 's rotating presidency . 
  it will be much harder to reverse the slide now . 
  yet europe 's leaders had better try , or risk losing everything they stand for . 
  and they also need to rethink their failing economic policies . 
  if they do n't , there will be more backsliding on democracy -- and the breakup of the euro may be the least of their worries . 
  what problem is created by federalism ? 
  sometimes i wish we could see who up - and downvoted ... 
  the eu has subsidiarity enshrined in its treaties . 
  a federal europe would n't give up on that idea , especially not one that is/will be/would be significantly influenced by germany . 
  we really like the idea and it works nicely . 
  this fear of centralisation is completely made up . 
  no , i do n't like eating them like that . 
  just cutting is fine . 
  [ britain probably still wins ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:european_empires.svg ) . 
  that 's a lot of red . 
  they see me [ wei\u00dfwurst ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/weisswurst ) - eatin ' , they hatin ' . 
  ah , now i know where i 've seen this before . 
  nice . 
  you lost the t in `` ist '' . 
  does that style have any deeper meaning ? 
  um , can you perhaps give me a link to that environmental regulation veto ? 
  my google-fu does n't seem good enough to find it and i 'd really like to learn more about it . 
  the article is written by a brit so it 's probably not appropriate for that purpose . 
   calmness is the citizen 's first duty . 
  prussian saying . 
   moving to dubai , where business opportunities are better . 
  who cares that it 's an oppressive society relying on quasi-slave labour , it has better business opportunities . 
  the important part is rebellion for the sake of rebellion . 
  teenagers do that , too , that 's right , but not the essential part . 
  luckily i do n't think i eat with regard to the seasons . 
  what a constructive style of discussion : - /, 
  but paris and frankfurt would be subject to the same regulations , would n't they ? 
  if anything the businesses would move away from europe altogether . 
  so please , either correct me or try again . 
  it 's a translation from the german word `` aufm\u00fcpfig '' which does n't * exactly * mean `` noisy and difficult to control '' . 
  it 's very similar , but more in a teenage rebellion way . 
  i just want to say that i recently tried an english breakfast for the first time and loved it . 
  would eat again , any time . 
  not all articles defending him come from british papers and not all attacking him are from german ones . 
  are you really in botswana ? 
  elections for the executive are usually won with over 50 % , no country has that much influence . 
  we 're all minorities here . 
  okay , but i still think that 's not enough . 
  it * will * be voted on in parliament when the treaty has been * written down * . 
  are you intentionally obtuse ? 
  at the moment it 's only about getting a general feeling for whether it will go through parliament or not . 
  apparently some member states have already got that feeling . 
  you just made that ` due process ' up . 
  the only due process is treaties get ratified in parliament . 
  that 's it . 
  if parliament does n't like it , the treaty 's dead . 
  but the ep also does n't seem to fight for more powers . 
  i ca n't remember them , i do n't know , blocking important legislation to get concessions from the members .
