  another question : i know she 's not the committee on industry , research and energy , but is there anyway she could push some of her colleagues into supporting net neutrality ? 
  [ here 's more at la quadrature du net ] ( http://www.laquadrature.net/en/urge-the-eu-parliament-to-stand-for-net-neutrality ) . 
  ( i know it 's a long shot , but you miss all shots you do n't take . ), 
  could you maybe post a link to her europarl.europa.eu page ? 
  i already found her , i just thought it would be appropriate for you to post it yourself . 
  what does she think about the constant moving between brussels and strasbourg ? 
  if she dislikes it : any idea how the parliament itself could stop it ? 
  redistribution of wealth is a dirty word only on the other side of the atlantic , you know . 
  either way , speaking of armchair meteorologists . 
  read [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/four_stages_of_competence ) . 
  people at stage 1 can easily mistake themselves for phase 4 . 
  think about it . 
  if it 's more effective and/or cheaper , why not ? 
  we already have frontex , the embryo of a single agency . 
  either way , i 'd like the internal borders to be open . 
  if that can be achieved better with a single agency , ok . 
  thanks !, 
  do you happen to have a link to cameron 's remarks ? 
   he explained that the proposals have been ** requested by member states ** wanting to have stronger control mechanisms in the so-called schengen area , a border-free zone comprising of 25 eu and non-eu countries . 
  yes , the evil , evil eu again . 
  decades of cruel dictatorship can break a people 's spirit . 
  [ this post ] ( http://www.manac.biz/2010/07/why-romanians-hate-romania/ ) is pretty much how i see it . 
  maybe the sick patient needs some medicine . 
  he might get better by himself , but why let him suffer unnecessarily ? 
  i 'm going to bed now , it 's quite late here . 
  i believe in popular sovereignty . 
  the nation state does n't concern me much . 
  hence , i want romania 's problems solved . 
  if romanians are n't able to solve them for themselves , there is nothing wrong with asking europe for help . 
  being romanian i totally agree with you . 
  dna ( the national anti-corruption department ) should be run by the eu altogether . 
  that 's the spirit . 
  in bavaria a referendum against tuition fees is in preparation . 
  hah , first time i read that idea from someone else . 
  good to see i 'm not the only one who though that :-), 
  i do n't like to repeat myself and i do n't like playing your games . 
  so the only thing i will respond to is the aid to ireland : http://www.finfacts.ie/irishfinancenews/article_1012675.shtml, 
   gave ? 
  we would have voted no to the latest eu referendum if it was n't cancelled and passed without a vote anyway . 
  we have no say whatsoever in what happens in eu . 
  if we say no to something eu , a new referendum just keeps being held ad infinitum until the desired outcome is reached . 
  if the desired outcome is not reached , eu will go ahead with what it wants anyway . 
  eu is n't given permission . 
  it takes permission . 
  that is not true . 
  the eu has no authority to take anything . 
  i do n't know where you are from , however if your national politicians do n't work for you i suggest electing other ones . 
  oh and , if you elect people who hate me because i happen to be on the other side of a border , i expect my politicians to boycott yours like they did with austria . 
   i ca n't get involved on a eu level ( please stop using the word ` european ' when you mean ` eu ' . 
  the two words do not mean the same thing at all ) . 
  i 'm not sure what you think eu is , but it 's not exactly a happy , friendly democracy . 
  usa < -  america , eu < -  europe . 
   yes , that 's right . 
  eu decided to shit on austria 's right to elect their own parliament . 
  the eu did nothing . 
  other european countries decided to protest austria 's decision . 
  how is that not one of * their * sovereign rights ? 
   europe ? 
  do you mean eu ? 
  i really ca n't be bothered to try to argue eu with someone who ca n't even tell the difference between europe and eu . 
  then why do n't you stop ? 
   they ask ` are you really sure ? ', 
  like the mafia does . 
  it would be a shame if anything was to happen to your country . 
  now , are you really sure ? 
  yeah , the mafia that gave ireland billions of aid . 
  i wonder how you expect anyone to take you seriously . 
   eu shat on a lot of constitutions . 
  you really do n't even know your recent eu history either . 
  several countries turned down the latest bullshit eu treaty , eu shat on them . 
  threatened with more referendums , eu then sat down and did a combination of rewording the treaty to try to avoid triggering referendums , and bullying the remaining countries into accepting the treaty without a referendum anyway . 
  if that 's not a clear cut case of circumvention of democracy , i really do n't know what is . 
  i know all of that . 
  it 's just that `` the eu '' did not do any of that . 
  why ? 
  it does n't have the power . 
  all treaties are multilateral treaties between european countries , drafted and negotiated by national politicians . 
  their * result * is how the eu is . 
  if you are unhappy with * how * the eu is , blame national politicians . 
  if you are unhappy that the eu * is * , blame the same people . 
   that is the topic . 
  i 'm involved in my own democracy . 
  unfortunately it is often overruled by the corporate overlords in eu . 
  if a regulation affects your country it means your country gave the power to regulate that subject to the union . 
  if you are interested in that , get involved on a european level . 
   what makes you think that a state can leave eu , when a state ca n't even hold a democratic election without being fucked over by eu ( see austria for an example , you are referring to austria 's 1999 election where the right-wing populists around haider won and formed a coalition government with the \u00d6vp . 
  the 14 other eu countries at the time reduced their diplomatic relations to austria in protest . 
  that had nothing to do with the eu , except for the fact that one of those 14 countries held the rotating council presidency . 
  that 's what sovereignty is about , one can decide with who one wants to be associated . 
   see ireland for an even more recent example , see the rest of eu for examples of how eu shits on the constitutions of various countries ) europe 's perseverance is anti-democratic because it dares ask `` are you really sure ? '', 
  the eu ca n't shit on anyone 's constitution . 
  all regulations have to be passed by the national legislature into national law . 
  lobbyism is n't exclusively done by big corporations . 
  if you ever bothered to get involved in your own democracy you 'd know that . 
  but let 's not change the topic . 
  instead , tell me how an american state that can be forced to remain in the union at gunpoint is more sovereign than european countries that can always leave following art . 
  50 of the treaty . 
  ok , shoot this down : how are us states that can be stopped from secession with weapons more sovereign than countries who can leave any time they want ? 
  you know , i actually typed out a lengthy response and when you asked for something good that happened to you because of eu lobbying i looked through your previous posts to get an idea of what might affect you . 
  then i read your previous posts and i 'm quite frankly no longer interested in any discussion .
