  you could dish out some more money , i 'm just a small wheel in the whole thing and even i know lots of ways to spend it for the good of the project ( no , not better chairs ) . 
  there are answers to all challenges outlined above , but going through them with limited manpower and equipment takes a long time . 
  tl ; dr : machine must be big , plasma must be tamed a bit and walls must be hardened to survive prolonged exposure , but we can probably pull it off if we do n't give up early, 
  limitless in a sense , yes , but not for free . 
  the goal is to be competitive with fossil fuels so that market forces can finish the job . 
  unfortunately , considerable work is still needed until fusion power plants are that competitive . 
  it 's hard to put a star in a box . 
  i would vote for that !, 
  no , can confirm . 
  it is . 
  you are responding to an idiot . 
  i do n't understand these people . 
  not necessarily just when it comes to film , for everything , including languages and other cultural traits . 
  netflix and its ceo are just one symptom of how the world is changing . 
  if he and his service would n't be here today to threaten them , someone else would be there tomorrow . 
  that 's the fate of unsustainable systems that need coercion to work -- they 're unsustainable . 
  it 's not the fault of any single individual or competitor . 
  people will vote with their feet and you may be able to slow them down , but it 's impossible to stop it . 
  wow , do you need oxygen tanks to get up there ? 
  were all attempted migration successful and were it to continue at today 's level for 10 years , then a grand total of less than 1 % of europe 's population would be from the mena region . 
  that 's not a problem . 
  less scaremongering please . 
  sarcasm tags are so blunt though . 
  no , do n't you get it ? 
  sweden is run by islamist feminazis ( i do n't know how , but i 've been told it is often enough ) and its demise is almost upon us . 
  you should also try the romanian variant , mititei . 
  do n't let me stop your inferiority complex . 
  was it necessary to bring up america in a thread about a european and a middle eastern country ? 
  i 'm pretty sure location specific housing benefits are n't exactly a prison sentence . 
  uh , i 'm not the narrow minded one here . 
  you 're invited to check the stats of my city , munich . 
  it 's very diverse , wealthy and safe . 
  shittiest way possible ? 
  really ? 
  there 's no worse way to express this than exchanging great for mighty to emphasise the absurdity of the claim above ? 
  i 'm baffled , really . 
  let 's be real : compared to the vile hatred , feigned concern and disgusting bigotry in some other comments mine was a real example of civility . 
  that 's what i meant by the term . 
  a solution to bulgaria 's problems must ultimately come from bulgarians . 
  uh , that 's the point ? 
  some eu countries get a disproportionately high amount of refugees under the dublin system and this proposal aims to correct that by shuffling some of them around to more shielded places . 
  according to the draft , refugee numbers in bulgaria will be reduced by 70 % . 
  look at the image , will you ? 
  it 's specifically made to help border regions like bulgaria !, 
  these look like organised beggars , closer to organised crime than legitimate refugees . 
  if specific countries are disappointed with the results of their past policies , they can adapt them . 
  i think things like location specific housing benefits ( and/or others ) can be very powerful and necessary . 
  if the state replaces the help traditionally received from their own community , a big motivation to congregate disappears . 
  by the time they run out , people will have established themselves wherever they are . 
  just because you have enough savings to get you to some place does n't necessarily diminish your claim to asylum . 
  i 'm not sure why they would do that ( not everyone outside europe lives like nomads ) but i 'm sure the police can `` liberate '' the parks if it came to that , just like they can in germany . 
  your cynicism is just your opinion , not fact . 
  if the uk government can not accomplish a simple task like tying housing benefits to a certain place , what can it accomplish at all ? 
  if you keep eternal refugee camps , you 're going to have a bad time , yes . 
  this discussion , however , is only about acute distribution problems . 
  refugees are n't citizens , though they do n't have to dictate . 
  merely offering free housing here but not there can suffice . 
  i 'm both on my phone and more knowledgeable about economics than you might think . 
  there is absolutely no direct relationship between minimum wage alone and price level . 
  try harder . 
  i 'm just some dude in bavaria , but thanks anyway . 
  that article has nothing to do with legitimate refugees and does n't support anything you said . 
  acceptance of legitimate asylum seekers is not crazy and no one is jumping off a cliff . 
  if 1 asylum seeker per year for several thousand czechs already means jumping off a cliff , then czech society is doomed anyway . 
  copy singapore 's policy in that regard , done . 
  settle them equally among all ethnicities for maximum annoyance to everyone . 
  oh man , i 'm getting all emotional here , sniff . 
  i 'm sure some roman or greek or persian ridiculed your ancestors the same way a long time ago . 
  that 's up to the host authorities , is it not ? 
  these is a difference between legitimate asylum seekers towards which we have a legal obligation and random , free workers . 
  having said that , germany and the other worker attractors do several things : on the one hand , they take unemployed people out of unemployment - that 's good for everyone involved . 
  they also contribute to brain drain , that 's bad for the country of origin . 
  but then again they also contribute to the cohesion fund to eliminate the root causes of said brain drain , so that 's good again . 
  over time we will make all of europe as prosperous as its wealthy regions are today !, 
  deportation of workers will contribute little to that goal and is distinctly illegal , so i think you should n't try to deflect in that direction . 
  yeah , it 's unfortunate but i can imagine some communities being heartless enough to punish their mp over agreeing to this . 
  the relationship between minimum wage and price level is not quite that simple . 
  1 refugee for every 2800 residents in a year is n't a problem . 
  no community of 2800 people is overwhelmed by a single newcomer per year . 
  it 's absurd . 
  how we act today will determine the answer to that question in the future . 
  oh no , 1 extra refugee per 1600 residents . 
  surely this will overwhelm mighty britain . 
  some have degrees and can and will learn . 
  the rest can be directed to the nearest pothole or other piece of crumbling infrastructure to do manual labour . 
  it 's not like we ran out of that , just out of people willing to work for such low wages . 
  increase minimum wage . 
  do n't sell yourself short . 
  just because you do n't yet have the right image does n't mean you live in poverty-stricken shit hole . 
  economic power is taken into account , thats why austria is assigned 50 % more refugees than 50 % more populous czechia . 
  sweden has 1/4 of poland 's population , so taking 1/2 of poland is already quite a bit more ( but fair , i 'd say , since sweden is also richer ) . 
  let refugees work then you do n't have to pay for everything . 
  geez . 
  debt ? 
  you mean the billions redistributed through the eu every year towards poorer member states ? 
  or that does n't count ? 
  these are legitimate refugees meeting the internationally agreed criteria . 
  had they applied for asylum in one of the poorer states , they 'd have to be accepted , too . 
  i do n't think it 's so much to ask to share the burden a bit . 
  because , looking at the numbers , it 's really just a bit .
