  no , i mean the treaty of rome . 
  just read its preamble . 
  nothing has changed regarding the underlying motivations , and every country joined up knowing well that it was never simply a trade union . 
  could have stayed in efta for that , except that evidently did n't quite work out . 
   but i dont think necessarily the same currency it ca n't be a single market as long as there are different currencies because then the market is divided by exchange rate risks . 
  that 's why [ monetary union is an important step towards complete economic integration ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economic_integration#stages ) . 
   federation always this fixation on terms . 
  call it whatever you want . 
  if the eu should fulfil certain roles , it requires certain powers . 
  surely you understand that all the failings of the eu can be attributed to the fact that it 's not a federation and lacks the power to tackle the issues you decry . 
  it was never just a trade union . 
  this has been discussed to death on this sub . 
  enough with the historical revisionism . 
  ever since the first treaty it was clear that economic integration was supposed to be a basis for political integration . 
  violence is the default response from any radicalised , extremist group . 
  it 's not limited to religious extremism . 
  examples : various groups in northern ireland or the basque country , the anc in south africa , various guerilla groups in latin america , or the raf in germany . 
  today many groups use islam as an excuse , but they also tend to come from places where there is a lot to be angry about . 
  this is a result of the failure of secular resistance groups before them . 
  for example , the palestinians who took hostages during the munich olympics were left-leaning nationalists , whose demands included the release of raf terrorists . 
  islam as the driving motivation is a rather recent development . 
  it 's not an either or situation . 
   if there is even the smallest amount of doubt there is incentive to take it down . 
  yes and no . 
  to maintain its business model , fb has an incentive to keep as much as possible on the site . 
  at present , there is no incentive whatsoever to take fake news down and a proposal like this would change that . 
  there are precedents to show us what could happen , namely copyright infirngement and , more recently , hate speech . 
  i think fb would fight back quite a lot as we 've seen from the recent leaks about what they classify as hate speech . 
  the guidelines are far from ` when in doubt , nuke it ' . 
  it 's really simple . 
  the constitution establishes and enables the system of government and legitimises its power . 
  it is the social contract between the people and the authorities , the way by which they give consent to be governed . 
  only in that framework can something like an election even make sense . 
  governments that disregard the constitution from which they themselves derive their power simply undermine their own authority . 
  if judges are n't independent like the constitution says , then why should a pis majority in parliament mean that pis gets to rule the country ? 
  i 'm not conflating anything . 
  the submission is about the eu sanctioning the polish government . 
  the person i responded to says that sanctioning governments might just entrench their country in the government 's ideas , so we should n't do it . 
  i say we need to sanction the government because if we allow their views to dominate the entire country , then it might as well not be a member any way . 
  he said it better than i could : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5j1vby/closing_statement_by_frans_timmermans/, 
  countries that disregard the basic values of the eu might as well not be members . 
  they just undermine it . 
  iohannis can veto a law once , right ? 
  does he have any other instruments to stall this process ? 
  it 's the same , thanks . 
   since they do n't want to run together they have absolutely no chance to get to the secound round . 
  the left summarised in one sentence . 
  sad . 
  the gop apparently [ quite some dirt on sanders ] ( http://europe.newsweek.com/myths-cost-democrats-presidential-election-521044?rm=eu ) , ready to use it had he been the nominee . 
  i 'm not sure he would have been a better choice . 
   here are a few tastes of what was in store for sanders , straight out of the republican playbook : he thinks rape is a-ok . 
  in 1972 , when he was 31 , sanders wrote a fictitious essay in which he described a woman enjoying being raped by three men . 
  yes , there is an explanation for it -- a long , complicated one , just like the one that would make clear why the clinton emails story was nonsense . 
  and we all know how well that worked out . 
   then there 's the fact that sanders was on unemployment until his mid-30s , and that he stole electricity from a neighbor after failing to pay his bills , and that he co-sponsored a bill to ship vermont 's nuclear waste to a poor hispanic community in texas , where it could be dumped . 
  you can just see the words `` environmental racist '' on republican billboards . 
  and if you ca n't , i already did . 
  they were in the republican opposition research book as a proposal on how to frame the nuclear waste issue . 
   also on the list : sanders violated campaign finance laws , criticized clinton for supporting the 1994 crime bill that he voted for , and he voted against the amber alert system . 
  his pitch for universal health care would have been used against him too , since it was tried in his home state of vermont and collapsed due to excessive costs . 
  worst of all , the republicans also had video of sanders at a 1985 rally thrown by the leftist sandinista government in nicaragua where half a million people chanted , `` here , there , everywhere/the yankee will die , '' while president daniel ortega condemned `` state terrorism '' by america . 
  sanders said , on camera , supporting the sandinistas was `` patriotic . ''  the republicans had at least four other damning sanders videos ( i do n't know what they showed ) , and the opposition research folder was almost 2-feet thick . 
  ( the section calling him a communist with connections to castro alone would have cost him florida . ), 
  in other words , the belief that sanders would have walked into the white house based on polls taken before anyone really attacked him is a delusion built on a scaffolding of political ignorance . 
   could sanders still have won ? 
  well , trump won , so anything is possible . 
  but sanders supporters puffing up their chests as they arrogantly declare trump would have definitely lost against their candidate deserve to be ignored . 
  this makes hardly any difference for the countries that lose the taxes . 
  rich people can and do keep much of their money in assets that do n't depreciate with inflation . 
  the poor ca n't afford to buy assets so they suffer from inflation disproportionally . 
  this is n't a controversial point . 
  after 15 years of energiewende , german pv 's share of total final energy consumption is about 1.5 % . 
  the coils look funky because they combine helical field coils and toroidal field coils into a single set of coils that are n't an engineering nightmare . 
  that 's why wendelstein 7-as also looks similar to its successor . 
  why they have to look this funky might not have a simple explanation that covers the whole thing comprehensively , but an abridged version might be this : in inhomogeneous magnetic fields such as a toroidal magnetic field configuration , particle drifts occur . 
  in tokamaks , these drifts are naturally confined to a certain degree , which explains the success with the tokamak concept . 
  in a stellarator , they are not , which explains why it was not so successful in the past . 
  so , it appears as if the optimisation process of the magnetic field geometry has resulted in a combination of relatively straight and thus homogeneous parts and bends in-between . 
  in the former , the drifts are naturally absent ( more or less ) . 
  the latter are shaped as much as possible to trap the drifting particles within the plasma rather than allow them to drift away from it . 
  i hope this helps you a bit . 
  kloana . 
  you 're not wrong but you 're leaving something out : mississippi officials can end up in federal jails when they are defrauding the tax payers . 
  yes , significant monetary transfers occur between us states , but at the same there are steel cable-like strings attached to that money . 
  we are [ inching in this direction ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/justice/criminal/judicial-cooperation/public-prosecutor/index_en.htm ) slowly but surely . 
  i admit i 'm unsure whether these efforts will come in time to fix the whole thing or not . 
  oh yeah , you 're right . 
  i do n't know why i picked that . 
  choose another one : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/border_town#united_states_within, 
  what ? 
  that 's not what happens in federal countries . 
  states maintain all sovereignty not delegated to the federation . 
  ulm and neu-ulm in baden w\u00fcrttemberg and bavaria are essentially one city in two states , two counties , two municipalities . 
  same goes for minneapolis and st. paul in the usa . 
  there are many more examples . 
  the weightings of housing in the respective country 's cpi are listed in the [ oecd database ] ( https://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?datasetcode=mei_cpi_weights ) . 
  for spain or italy , the weight is smaller than in some other places because of high rates of home ownership , but it 's still included for additional housing expenses that do n't disappear just because you own your home . 
  literally the second point behind your link is `` housing . '', 
  unless you can cite meaningful data , i really think we should believe the oecd data over your personal impression . 
  do have a look : http://touchstoneblog.org.uk/2016/07/uk-real-wages-decline-10-severe-oecd-equal-greece/,
