  if you 're telling me estonia 's economy , social cohesion and safety will suffer because of 260 poor brown people who are hardly the aliens that you make them out to be , i ca n't take you seriously . 
  finally , no one is talking about importing entire continents , so i say thanks but no thanks to that straw man . 
  well , our interests are not harmed by refugees . 
  if you fear acts of terror , then you need to deal with homegrown perpetrators , not refugees . 
  either way , entitlement is a word necessary for legalistic arguments . 
  what matters is [ what is right ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/veil_of_ignorance ) . 
  so what ? 
  guilty ( of something that 's not even a crime ) until proven innocent ? 
  that 's not what european values mean . 
  i 'm not sure what military help you are referring to . 
  libya was bombed but not stabilisied afterwards . 
  in syria the eu did n't do anything either . 
  the kurds got help -- but kurds are also not high up the list of people coming here . 
  eritrea gets nothing . 
  anyway . 
  you know , not every muslim is a conservative hick . 
  for example , in tunisia women can have abortions since 1965 -- something poland or ireland can not say of themselves ** 50 ** years later . 
  or let 's look at universal suffrage : switzerland took longer to give women the right to vote than syria , turkey , iran or several other majority-muslim countries . 
  millions of people of middle-eastern descent and/or muslim faith live without problems in secular and/or western societies . 
  the refugees trying to get away from the turmoil in their countries have shown more willingness to distance themselves from whatever it is you fear than anyone . 
  why does that matter ? 
  why are their poor neighbours condemned to sustain millions of refugees while * their * richer neighbours do nothing ? 
   in the german debate it is often claimed that most boat refugees in the mediterranean came to europe for economic reasons . 
  our illustration , which is based on data from the border protection agency frontex , proves the oppsite . 
  it shows : most boat refugees come from countries were war and despair prevail . 
  it documents : the flight of people is intimately linked to the precarious political situation in a country . 
  the data also show that only a fraction of the refugees from these countries attempts to cross the mediterranean -- in the case of syria less than a percent . 
  most flee to neighbouring countries or stray through the crisis states themselves . 
  the number of boat refugees also fluctuates seasonally . 
  most people come in spring and summer . 
  our data go until winter of 2014 -- which is why the curves decrease towards the end of the plot . 
  [ hardly ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/insertcoin/2015/04/24/valves-paid-skyrim-mods-are-a-legal-ethical-and-creative-disaster/ ) . 
  am i the only one who finds this to be an odd question for the year 2015 ? 
  \\* earth-germans, 
  umm , why ? 
  formerly employed residents are entitled to benefits . 
  oh , for a second i thought this was a statement from one of the councils that mattered . 
  too bad . 
  you guys should come to oberbayern . 
  it 's pretty neat here . 
   we should cooperate , not ` help ' them . 
  we should establish trade , not dump goods . 
  we should give them a plough , not a bag of grain . 
  and so on and so forth . 
  that 's better . 
  i agree . 
  but let 's have a balanced development ; i `` d love to talk about handing out ploughs once our grain is n't getting export subsidies . 
  though i maintain that the `` ploughs '' should also come in the form of migration-related cooperation , for example in the form of educational opportunities . 
  i ca n't speak for the entire continent , but as long as there are farmers complaining about lacking work force or potholes on my roads , i would n't worry about economic saturation . 
  regardless , my suggestion was to have a limited legal way to migrate , at least temporarily so that people can learn a trade and build themselves something at home , not to just let everyone in . 
  we have to stay realistic , even i. 
  probably . 
  though , i think as long as you have camps that look better than eritrea , you 'll have new arrivals . 
  first of all , i mentioned poverty explicitly and there is also no reason to exclude it from the list of valid reasons for migration . 
  it 's not like europeans did n't move around the world for economic reasons . 
  anyway , since i disagree and since i 'm a citizen as well , i can advocate that my/our government does the helping part on my behalf , thank you very much . 
  the world is n't divided into isolated parts . 
  our neighbours affect us today and in the future and we affect and have affected them . 
  africa is n't the way it is purely for intrinsic reasons and it is unwise and unethical to claim otherwise and act accordingly . 
  edit : also , [ in 2014 the majority of migrants across the med ] ( http://www.tagesschau.de/ausland/eu-fluechtlinge-107.html ) came from regions with legitimate reasons for fleeing them : 170k total , 25 % from syria , 20 % from eritrea , 6 % from mali/nigeria each , 4 % from palestine/somalia each ( so , 65 % ) . 
  more details are not given . 
  i excluded gambia because it 's stable . 
  yes , i mentioned poverty after the part that you quoted . 
  if it 's so obvious , why are abbot 's people not providing data to back it up ? 
  they want to take credit for the success of their policies , do n't they ? 
  like many arguments , this one sounds nice superficially , but imo breaks down once you question some of its underlying assumptions . 
  migrants and refugees trying to cross the mediterranean come from war-zones ( i.e. 
  they ca n't be deterred because literally everything europe could come up with nowadays will be preferable to what they are trying to get away from ) or the most poverty-stricken regions of this planet , so it 's not quite evident that whatever realistic deterrence we might come up with would suffice . 
  if some climate change predictions hold true , this will only get worse . 
  and we have n't even touched the ethical question of condemning people to some fate because they were n't lucky enough to be born on the the right side of that sea . 
  it would be better to intensify efforts to improve living conditions in the home countries and introduce a legal way to immigrate , at the very least temporarily for educational purposes . 
  at the end of the day , as long as there are gradients , there will be fluxes . 
  you can try to suppress the flux , but it 'll never work as well as lowering the gradients . 
  you stop voting for his political group . 
  what 's the problem ? 
   or to make it absolutely clear that the voyage is pointless and thus preventing people from trying to cross . 
  it does n't do that . 
  the australian government simply diverts boats without telling us how many they have diverted . 
  i 've seen no evidence to suggest that this policy has deterred anyone . 
  it has only 21 upvotes , 54 % positive . 
  there 's just not enough better content to push it down , that 's all . 
  yeah , good / r/propagandaposters material . 
  on the one hand , i agree with you . 
  on the other , have n't politicians and media failed , if that happens ? 
  i mean , we have separation of labour as a basis for our society , why should it not apply here ? 
  there already are proposals for a base unemployment insurance scheme floating around , though i do n't know how far they are . 
  apparently calculations showed that the crisis would have been much more tame if the scheme had already been in place when it hit . 
  there is a difference between natural science and politics . 
  in the former , absence of evidence is not evidence of absence . 
  in the latter , it 's not quite like that . 
  politicians depend on being able to show off their successes . 
  if the australian government were able to present numbers that show how the number of boats attempting to make the voyage has dropped , it would . 
  as far as i can tell , however , it does n't do that and limits itself to the number of boats arriving in australian territorial waters . 
  we can infer that the australian government is either unable to do present such data ( unlikely , because they are using their navy to intercept them ) or unwilling to do so . 
  since politicians do n't suppress information that would paint them in a good light , we can deduce that the information does n't look good for them . 
  this is n't a criminal trial with someone being innocent until proven guilty ; it 's enough if the circumstantial evidence mounts up . 
  and that evidence suggests that the data do not indicate a reduction of the number of attempts . 
  that 's what information we have to decide our own policy on that issue . 
  having said that , even if it were true : australia is n't anywhere near a region with as much population in as much instability and poverty as europe is . 
  so , australia may even be able to intercept or deter the few thousand people trying to arrive at its shores .
