   and if you look at how many representatives there are for each country , you 'll see immediately that it was consciously designed to be defective : germany has 96 seats in the parliament . 
  can you explain to me how 96 people are supposed to handle the political input from 81 million citizens ? 
  that 's one person for 850 000 citizens , which is ludicrous . 
  what 's ludicrous about that ? 
  the ep does n't micro-manage . 
  according to the principle of subsidiarity , it handles only issues that are best served at the european level . 
  not social services , not local police , not education . 
   a party system is a system that allows people who share a common interest to organize themselves in a way to pursue their political goals . 
  in most countries , parties have chapters for each level of the subsidiary tree ( federal , state , regional , communal levels ) . 
  on eu level this is done via very loose alliances , i.e. 
  there is no concept of coalitions or anything like that . 
  there are ad-hoc coalitions in the ep based on single issues . 
  i 'm not sure what exactly your problem is , here . 
  you can get together with other people who share a common interest and pursue your political goals , what 's stopping you ? 
   my guess is that this is to make it more difficult to realize that the european president is not elected by direct majority vote of the people , but by the governments of the eu countries . 
  if the political leader in my country were elected the same undemocratic way , a coup d'etat or a civil war would be the result . 
  i 'd hope you 'd first check and see that there is n't any position called `` european president '' and that a civil war would be kind of an overreaction . 
  there is a president of the european parliament , recently elected by meps . 
  the president of the european council is more of a ceremonial position , he organises council meetings and so on . 
  the president of the european commission is appointed by the european council and confirmed by parliament . 
  switzerland is divided by different languages , belgium is , india is . 
  that does n't mean much . 
  even if it would , 51 % of europeans already claim to be at least conversational in english , and that number goes up . 
  but it does n't , after all people have their own representatives speaking their language . 
  and what exactly is a party system ? 
  the balkans . 
  just now , libya . 
  in afghanistan , european troops often need american air support etc. 
  what ? 
  we need our own military capabilities because every time we call america to help us , they obviously want something in return . 
  for example : acta . 
  to be independent from america . 
  we actually do n't extradite people that might get the death penalty . 
  who knows . 
  commissioners are only glorified civil servants , there is no real european government . 
  i 'm sure there 's someone somewhere pulling the strings . 
  : - / let 's hope the ep wo n't give in . 
  acta would make isps liable for anything their users do . 
  obviously that will lead to them snooping around in our traffic and whatnot . 
  obviously two companies ca n't use the same space at the same time . 
  consumers will need to plan ahead , take the train a little earlier or later . 
  same goes for planes , there usually are n't a bunch of airlines flying exactly the same route at exactly the same time . 
  of course , this might not be possible on all routes , for example probably not with local public transport . 
  but for longer routes or freight trains , why not . 
  the rails networks are in the hands of one bunch of companies , the trains in the hands of others . 
  the latter pay the former to use the rails . 
  done . 
  with proper coordination from the network operators , rails are just a little more complex than roads . 
  ( and you 're spoiling our submission titles . 
  \u00b4 and ' are two different things : accent aigu and apostrophe . ), 
  yes , go in there , ctrl + f or cmd + f `` acta '' and upvote every comment about it , please . 
  sometimes you win , sometimes you lose . 
  do n't pretend like some large mob always gangs up on some minority . 
  i think that 's a false dichotomy . 
  it 's not about `` politically insignification + free '' vs. `` significant + unfree '' . 
  the choice is `` pretend to be sovereign + be handed instructions every now and then '' or `` officially pool your sovereignty with your neighbours + shape your destiny together '' . 
  actually i was trying to convey that among unequal partners the large/powerful one will appear as a bully even without bad intentions , just by virtue of being so big . 
  you know what they say , the one who cares least controls the relationship . 
  being big gives you a huuuge reservoir of not giving a damn . 
   you do n't see anyone trying to scare the swiss or noggys into federalising by going ` oh but guys you 've got to join !, 
  if you do n't let us tell you what to do american / russia / china will invade and mistreat you forever and ever and that 's bad so let us do it first ! ', 
  `` we '' already kind of do that . 
  they get told what to do ( in certain policy areas ) in regular intervals -- without any malevolence . 
  the ( up to ) four freedoms simply require certain common rules . 
  the norwegians are quite obviously reminded that the eu can leave the eea whenever it wants , that is if norway vetoes anything important . 
  the swiss have negotiated a weird relationship where rejecting any new common swiss-eu legislation results in a termination of all previous treaties . 
  now , both relationships this would be completely fair if norway , switzerland and the eu would be equal partners . 
  they are n't , however . 
  500m + europeans would probably not care much if we had a norwegian sea instead of norway or a super-sized bodensee instead of switzerland . 
  sheer size allows that . 
  the other way around , probably not . 
  equal partnerships are n't possible among unequal partners . 
  one will always dominate . 
  okay . 
  ashton has none of those powers . 
  case closed . 
  why do you repeat this ? 
  it 's completely irrelevant that someone has been elected to a * completely different position * at some point in the past . 
  that gives no mandate for the current position . 
  then , i did n't write democracy did n't apply . 
  but the criteria for a limited union of 27 countries ca n't be the same as those used for single sovereign countries . 
  without coherent european elections , how would you elect a government ? 
  you do n't . 
  you get a parliament to handle that . 
  the justified criticism here is that parliament has yet to receive all the powers it deserves . 
  in your example , no budget can be passed without parliamentary approval . 
  but the budget itself is drafted by the commission . 
  that 's not ok . ( then , over time , one could expect a similar culture of shadow governments existing before elections to come about . ), 
  it 's perfectly reasonable to have the person that * coordinates * foreign policy among the 27 national governments chosen by the commission and confirmed by the council . 
  the eu is not a country . 
  if we turn it into one , then we 'll use national criteria for democracy : the commission should be elected by parliament or some sort of eu president should be elected directly by all europeans . 
  and even then we would n't use this one . 
  unless you want to tell the french they do n't live in a democracy , because no one elected jupp\u00e9 when they elected sarkozy . 
  or the americans , because no one knew they 'd get clinton when they voted for obama . 
  fair point . 
  still , an anglocentric view , as many other democracies do n't have such habits . 
  a criterion that would attest a lack of democracy to many clearly democratic countries is not a good criterion . 
  it still does n't say every single position has to be elected . 
  be that as it may , it 's still not a general criterion for democracy . 
  not all countries , not even all in europe , expect their minsters to be members of parliament .
