  they most likely would not have made romania a special case if the law would n't apply to all eu states . 
  i mostly agree , but it does n't have a president . 
  council , parliament and commission have presidents , that 's it . 
  germany and denmark pay roughly the same per capita and have comparable eu migrant population percentages , so i dared group our countries together . 
  we have to count all forms of value if you want to claim you give someone something . 
  value in the form of currency going in one direction counts , but value in the form of human capital flowing in the other direction must count as well . 
  the fact that fmartes grew up and studied in another country before coming to germany ( `` the west '' ) probably tips the balance * way * more in `` our '' favour than hungary 's . 
  the schengen agreement has been incorporated into the eu treaties with the treaty of amsterdam in 1999 . 
  just because it existed earlier as a stand-alone agreement does n't take away from that . 
  yes . 
  i can have dual citizenship because both germany and romania are eu members , i can travel and trade freely without passport controls or even currency exchange to and with most neighbouring countries . 
  i do n't get robbed when i use my phone on the other side of the border , i do n't forfeit all of my consumer rights because i buy in another country . 
  and my research job is quite a bit less of a mess because of euratom . 
  this is a quote from star wars and the `` official '' translation is `` dieser feige angriff auf mein leben hat tiefe narben hinterlassen und mich deformiert . 
  consider yourself out-nerded . 
  why would steinbr\u00fcck be a worse leader for you ? 
  senegal loves everyone !, 
  well , unless you take a look at the data , you ca n't really be sure how this result came about . 
  it 's likely only a plurality that wins the top spot in each category , not really a majority . 
  are you suggesting the euro was germany 's idea and/or that it kept the legal foundations of the currency union somehow hidden from the others ? 
  nah , i really do n't think it 's time for * another * shitsomeonesays-sub . 
  just to be sure ... does the retard find us trustworthy or not trustworthy ? 
  no , i do n't mean the fractional reserve requirement . 
  that is how much money a bank must deposit from its customers and relates to the creation of deposit money ( `` giralgeldsch\u00f6pfung '' ) . 
  [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monetary_base ) is what i was talking about . 
  so , when a central lends out 1000 $ and demands 1100 $ back , it does so knowing that the economy will grow by about 10 % and that the private banks will be able to deposit collateral of the same amount in the form of mortgages , stocks , bonds to obtain the necessary amount of money to roll over the old obligations . 
  the `` interest on interest '' ( compound interest ) is a rather academic and mathematical fact . 
  have you not taken a loan , ever ? 
  because then you should know that you have to pay back a fixed amount of principal and interest at fixed intervals till you have everything paid back -- there is no compound interest unless you fail to make your payments on time . 
  and then , in most cases , you 're probably going to default soon afterwards , which means the creditor gets back * nothing at all * . 
  i know there are these stories of someone depositing a tiny amount of money a looong time ago and then showing how much he would have accrued at even tiny amounts of interest , which is then supposed to show the un-sustainability of the system . 
  they are missing the fact that , if you take into account defaults and not missing your payments , the effective interest is significantly lower than what might be written in today 's average loan contracts . 
  as for the video , these people are outsiders in their own field voicing nonsense . 
  a single bank * itself * can not lend out money by doing a balance sheet extension . 
  that only happens when multiple banks are part of such a lending-depositing-chain . 
  that , too , is taught in school , you know . 
  i really do n't see how people can claim that , seeing as how just in the recent years banks failed because too many of their debtors defaulted . 
  and before that happened , we actually had [ nations like spain ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/spain/government-debt-to-gdp ) who were reducing their debt ( but unfortunately not making sure that private debt did n't explode , so yeah ... ) . 
  so it 's another video with some `` academic '' who spouts an obscure minority opinion . 
  they exist everywhere ; hell , there 's a physics professor a few buildings over from mine who rejects relativity . 
  and that 's in a natural science field , where we have experiments that have so far famously failed to disprove the theory of relativity . 
  now imaging how many quacks there in a humanities field like economics . 
  makes my head spin just thinking about it . 
  meagre economics education in schools just makes them more successful with their crude assertions . 
   of course there is a systematic failure . 
  we use debt money after all . 
  every 5 year old should realize that our monetary syastem is not sustainable . 
  money is created with debt , and for every 100 $ created the demands gets bigger than the amount of money which exists . 
  you do n't need to be a rocket scientist to realize that a reset is needed at somepoint . 
  no , because this is not correct . 
  to create money , collateral is left at the central bank . 
  new central bank money is only created when new collateral has been created , which can be left at the central bank ( e.g. 
  mortgages on houses , stocks , bonds , ... ) . 
  the central bank lends out central bank money at a rate related to economic growth so that interest can be paid back by using the newly created wealth . 
  creation of deposit money in private banks is just a balance sheet extension . 
  you learn this in any `` gymnasiale oberstufe , '' provided you elect to take something like `` wirtschafts - und rechtslehre . '', 
  you are right . 
  welcome aboard !, 
  that was a very good response . 
  there are plenty doctors prescribing antibiotics when they probably should n't and there are plenty of patients not taking the rightfully prescribed antibiotics the way they should . 
  * everywhere * . 
   moving to europe for the lifestyle and non-greed/non-materialistic society in that case , you 're probably looking for europ ** a ** , the moon , not europe , the continent . 
  and only because there are no people on europa . 
  yet . 
  why ? 
  should n't that be better normalised by ppp ? 
  [ because by ppp germany is ~ 10 % above the uk ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.pp.cd?order=wbapi_data_value_2012+wbapi_data_value+wbapi_data_value-last&amp;sort=desc ) . 
  i can only recommend people read this article , if necessary through a translator . 
  it shows how and why switzerland is more closely following eu law than some of its neighbours . 
  it also mentions other parallels to britain like how their conservatives , too , hate the echr . 
  you really think they 'd still do that ? 
  in this day and age ? 
  other countries let parts of themselves go when they want it , be it south sudan or perhaps scotland . 
  it 's not 186x any more , no ? 
  that sounds pretty badass . 
  at least when pronounced german . 
  just be happy it 's only one now . 
  spain and portugal have over 50m people . 
  at that size , it 's questionable to simply dismiss them as outliers . 
  you must not lump in these countries like that just because they are stereotypically religious . 
  consider for example same-sex marriage : http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-cttiit4kq7s/uztfr7qhrti/aaaaaaaca4q/1wjdlswlwlq/s1600/ilgaeurope2013.jpg, 
  in your second paragraph you write about two problems , corruption through contributions and gerrymandering . 
  but then you go on explaining how the first is already illegal in the eu , and the second is not a problem in the first place because european elections are not fptp elections that could be gerrymandered . 
  so ... what 's your beef again ? 
  your final point is actually a problem , but not the way you put it . 
  i know a few people in financial services and from their perspective the problem is rather people like you : they have the know-how needed to effectively regulate such industries because they worked there , but they 're not being trusted because they worked there . 
  so we put people in charge that have no idea of what they are doing and then wonder why it 's not working out . 
  to be perfectly honest , your entire last paragraph is little more than guilt by association . 
  the ec has taken on corporations quite a few times , microsoft being a very famous but not singular example . 
  well , more power to you . 
  good luck . 
  if you catch my drift , ideas about a federal political union in europe are about where we go when we go out together or what we do on our street , where we all live , not what you do in your house when it has nothing to do with the others . 
  that 's the point of `` federal '' ( as opposed to `` central '' ) . 
  i applaud your post , but you wrote `` ez '' and `` we '' while sporting a british flag . 
  you think the uk will join the ez eventually ? 
  in bavaria you can pick what english you want , but then you have to stick with it . 
  mixing ae and be will be considered a mistake and counted as such . 
  ( but i always go out of my way to download be dictionaries for all my devices so i can use ` our ' english properly . 
  colour . 
  neighbour .
