  unfortunately , phases 1 and 4 can be hard to discern : you might think there is no challenge in steering a car because you can do it half asleep or because you have no idea about the potential challenges . 
  thus , many people at 1 think they are at 4 , harming themselves and others . 
  i sincerely believe many people who advocate not learning a foreign language are stuck around 1 , thinking they are at 4 . 
  they do n't even know what they are missing so they think they miss nothing . 
  they understood this very well . 
  politicians did n't have the will to go the last mile . 
  as always , they fuck up and blame someone else . 
  yeah , no . 
  i 'm from the east , too . 
  the empty shops alone were too much . 
  let 's * assume * for a second that russia 's and america 's means are really the same . 
  then we 'd still have the different ends allowing america to come out on top . 
  you 'd rather be south korea than north korea . 
  you 'd rather be poland than ukraine . 
  you 'd rather be chile than cuba . 
  in general , it 's better to be under america 's thumb rather than russia 's . 
  that 's from arrested development . 
  that is sort of true . 
   under the new doctrine , russia continues to develop and modernize its nuclear capability . 
  `` russia reserves the right to use nuclear weapons in response to the use of nuclear and other types of weapons of mass destruction against it or its allies , and also in case of aggression against russia with the use of conventional weapons when the very existence of the state is threatened . '', 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_doctrine_of_russia#cite_ref-12 fighting in ukraine would not threaten the existence of the russian state , thus russia would not use nuclear weapons . 
  quite frankly , i think the russian response to a hypothetical nato invasion of russia proper would be similar to the `` yes , ( prime ) minister '' clip that has been making its rounds around here . 
  if someone is interested in the french ( or english ) e-book , i may or may not respond to pms requesting it . 
  to be fair , this is just a report written by some american lawyers on behalf of the german government . 
  the us government has n't said anything . 
  there is this thing called institutional inertia . 
  the people who make up ukip will not give up their seats in councils or other positions of power . 
  they just ca n't let go . 
  ukip will , if anything , make a further turn towards populism and just continue . 
  just wait and watch . 
  good one , mate . 
   but ukip voters do n't want this institution to have influence over their lives . 
  voting ukip is the best way to express this want and to get a change to happen . 
  how ? 
  on may 26th , the european parliament , together with the other common institutions , will still legislate for all of the eu , including britain . 
  except up to a third of british voters will be without a voice because their `` representatives '' do n't do their jobs properly . 
  if they want to do something about the eu , they should vote for ukip in the general election . 
  it 's funny because britons wo n't have proper representation in an institution that has influence over their lives . 
  no , wait , that 's actually sad . 
  i sympathise with the british view on some issues and my side will be weakened now . 
  great . 
  you must not confuse lobbying with corruption . 
  we all have the right to lobby our representatives to act in our interests . 
  this becomes a problem only when it 's no longer about good arguments but about money or comparable contributions . 
  but that is not lobbying any more , it 's just corruption . 
  how about the usa or switzerland ? 
  obviously urban areas are still better off , but not just the capital . 
  i 'm seeing a pattern here . 
  let 's not lose our heads here , shall we . 
  the error bars on 40 years of demographic extrapolation are huge and allow no meaningful conclusions to be drawn . 
  as for the rest , see / u/sorinciprian 's answer . 
  you are free to roll over and do nothing if you think you are powerless . 
  meanwhile , the oh-so-powerful tobacco lobby faces harsh taxes on its products , ca n't sell to minors and is banned from many kinds of advertisements , all leading to a 20 % decline in tobacco sales over the last four years alone . 
  i never said `` my '' letter carries the same weight , nor do studies support such a view . 
  but organising a buffet is not quite as expensive as you might think , especially if you get many small donors behind you . 
  it can be done , although it might not be compatible with today 's culture of instant gratification . 
  nah , not really . 
  you can lobby using phone calls and letters . 
  i 've done it myself and i know some people who do it professionally as well . 
  without much money . 
  perhaps , if you think you need a lot of money money , you are mistaking corruption with lobbying ? 
  most people do n't lobby because they do n't know they can . 
  for others , there are many groups . 
  for example , la quadrature du net or edri lobby for civil liberties in the digital realm . 
  mhmm ... 
  annexation refers to the formal incorporation of a territory into a country , while occupation is `` just '' bringing it under control temporarily without making it part of the country . 
  i 'm biased but for me because they 're so close to latin names . 
  are you referencing better together ? 
  did i get the reference ? 
  we have seen evidence that strongly suggests that they are n't ukrainians in the first place . 
  that 's how i understood it , too . 
  if it came to such a stand-off , parliament can bring down the commission with a vote of no confidence if necessary . 
  i do n't really disagree with you . 
  i 'm just saying that they can devote more time to the important things of their jobs , rather than , to use an american example , debate and vote unsuccessfully for the x-th time on repealing a recent healthcare reform just because every member of the opposition feels like he has to give it a shot . 
  this seems understandable to me . 
  i know some meps like it that way because they do n't have to waste time on proposals that ca n't even get the initial vote to demand it going . 
  it 's sort of . 
  the ep can vote to demand legislation from the commission . 
  a frog does jump out of a pot if the water slowly becomes too hot , despite all stories to the contrary . 
  i fear that europe wo n't . 
  i was n't contradicting you . 
  our force projection is questionable . 
   iirc one european country was reduced to dropping cement training bombs on libyan targets after their ammo ran out i heard that was actually very effective because a concrete block thrown from some height will crush any tank and , lacking explosives , hurt no bystanders . 
  nah , tankies be crazy . 
  precisely because he always appeared as a diplomat rather than a power monger i suspect someone telling him to do this now . 
  it 's not a secret that some governments are n't exactly happy with at the spitzenkandidaten . 
  but national governments would face harsh criticism if they opposed the only directly elected institution of the eu . 
  van rompuy can be criticised without problems , he 's never up for re-election . 
  this is my personal conspiracy theory . 
  there , i said it . 
  how is it pandering to them ? 
  it 's saying young/2nd generation immigrants are renouncing the things that xenophobes are afraid of , like `` honour '' or `` shame '' . 
  if anything this report will weaken the position of xenophobes because it shows that immigration is not automatically a threat . 
  and then , it cites a second expert who is more cautious but still reaffirms that something is happening , albeit perhaps not an outright rebellion . 
  sensationalism looks different . 
  i do n't believe for a second that van rompuy acts on his own behalf here . 
  he must have been instructed by at least some governments to undermine the parliament . 
  same in germany . 
  it 's actually illegal for mps to employ family members . 
  ~ ~ works fine in germany . ~ ~ edit : did they just change that and block europe ?
