  there may be practical reasons for why we ca n't simply open all borders , but rights have absolutely nothing to do with it . 
  i appreciate your stance and i would lie if i said that i did n't think like that at some point , but at the end of the day africa is the home of africans and we have no business fixing it for them if they do n't want us there . 
  the numerous struggles for independence are only a few decades old , many who lived through them are still alive , so we can hardly dismiss this as some distant dark age of imperialism . 
  the second part is a straw man argument . 
  no one seriously argues for limitless immigration and the same goes for the moral hazard of letting illegal immigration continue . 
  it is unfair to allow people to come here illegally while rebuffing those who would be willing to abide by the law . 
  but the latter simply can not come here because there is no way for them to come here . 
  that needs fixing ; without a way for legal immigration , we can hardly decry illegal immigration . 
  the idea that white people need to go around fixing less civilised `` hell holes '' does n't sit very well with me and it should n't sit well with anyone who was attentive in history class . 
  we already have problems eliminating corruption in our own countries , and they do share a political and judicial framework through the eu . 
  africans can run their own countries . 
  if they want to improve them and want outside help , we should help them , for example by allowing them to get a proper education here , which would also allow them to get the necessary contacts for fruitful future relations between our countries . 
  also , legal immigrants are a form of development aid on their own , as they generally send back large amounts of money that do n't immediately end up in the pockets of corrupt government officials but do benefit the local economy . 
  he does make a good point , there 's just one problem . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but for the overwhelming majority of africans there is no way to legally come here . 
  there are no blue card lotteries , no easily accessible educational programmes for africans , nothing . 
  and yet , america has us and not am as a code . 
  if only there was a jose oliveira from ecuador or argentina to tell you about all the shit that goes wrong in these countries . 
  there is a point , to assure our allies . 
  if what you say is right , such a symbolic gesture will do our friends good and wo n't bother russia . 
  hawaii sounds nice . 
  britons should have their say sooner rather than later , and my humble prediction assumes there will be a vote . 
  but once it gets serious and the pro-side gets going again , britons will certainly look back at the misinformation that has marked their debate so far and shake their heads as they vote to stay in . 
  fuck you . 
  and fuck him . 
  that guy 's a lunatic and his flag has nothing to do with it . 
  ugh , just get over yourself . 
  the nation state is a recent invention and will not be here for all eternity . 
  ireland has significant trade with the us , so it will be fine with the uk not in the eu , too . 
  but do n't worry , the uk will not leave . 
  i think a more worthwhile counterargument would be to emphasise that 1/60m is worse than 1/0 .5 b when the respective nation state can not handle an issue ( e.g. 
  climate change ) at all , i.e. 
  when 1/60m really is 1/60m * 0 . 
  i also do n't understand the criticism . 
  the memorandum does not say that anyone will protect ukraine , just not attack it , and the uk and us have kept their end of the bargain . 
  just read the damn text , people , it 's on wikisource . 
  here 's another one for you http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/place_charles_de_gaulle_%28bucarest%29, 
  either there 's a joke in this post that i 'm not getting or there 's something wrong in it , either the text or the picture . 
  ( edit : the deleted parent showed a picture of bucharest accompanied by some text like `` looks like bucharest but it 's in the uk '' ), 
  to expand on this , as far as i know , a lot if not all boys are given this name , at least as an additional middle name , which artificially increases its share in the statistics . 
  do n't flatter yourself . 
  no way you 're 17 . 
  perhaps 19 . 
  woosh :-), 
  i think this would have been better as a gallery with ~ 30 pictures . 
  that 's normally used in science , but it applies everywhere . 
  if someone is politically irrelevant , i.e. 
  powerless , someone else will have power over him . 
  every power vacuum will be filled . 
  poroshenko is literally skroob . 
  i 'm not tu quoque'ing here , it 's you who is dangerously close to a double standard . 
  the government is using its best propaganda to sway public opinion . 
  other governments are doing the same or did the same in the not-too-distant past , if you catch my drift . 
  every time the people were victims . 
  must be some kind of ... [ blue banana ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blue_banana ) . 
  ^ ( ( intonation like https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=50qjvomjtxu&amp;t=81s . 
  just someone who likes roadtrips . 
  i thought so , too . 
  we do n't dismiss anything coming out of russia on the basis that it 's russian , we tend to do that because we caught russian media lying a few times too often . 
  now we wait for other reputable media to confirm russian claims . 
  several rt anchors have resigned over the crisis in ukraine , but as far as i can tell , not one of their `` western '' counterparts has done so . 
  it is significant that no one from , say , bbc russia did the same . 
  your problem is that you think that propaganda is automatically untrue , which it does n't have to be . 
  propaganda is a deliberate attempt at shaping or manipulating opinion in a certain direction , not necessarily misinformation or lies . 
  articles that can be interpreted as propaganda can not be dismissed simply because they can be interpreted that way . 
  imho this is a bad move for russia that might push the french government to cancel the entire contract . 
  you are free to use another word to describe the blanket discrimination of hundreds of millions of people , but it does n't affect the argument in / u/4ringcircus ' post . 
  if anything . 
  germany is always presented as a poster boy for renewables and [ even it only has 2 % of its energy ] ( http://i.imgur.com/9xcrsny.png ) from solar and wind after over a decade of heavy subsidies . 
  obligatory laws-of-nature-constraining-renewables-video-link : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5bvbfwuq-q, 
  so you ca n't even do racism properly . 
  typical minnesotan . 
   it was a 2008 wikileak where russia warned the us that any us/nato/eu expansion into ukraine would cause the country to be split in half . 
  i like the passive phrasing here , as if ukraine would be tearing itself apart . 
  environmentally friendly is a relative term . 
  storing waste underground is certainly better than pumping it into the atmosphere uncontrollably . 
  having said that , we store huge amounts of chemical waste underground just fine , even though it has no half life to speak of . 
  storing nuclear waste is a political problem , not a technological . 
  they already determine this because a moment before the food turns into unsold food it was just food that could have been sold . 
  people could already do that now . 
  why are n't they ? 
  the article says this only applies to still edible food . 
  we all know that people can and will always get kidnapped if these terrorists want to make it happen . 
  they 'll just move towards the tourists if the tourists do n't come to them . 
   okay , if you do n't want to provide military power to hunt down terrorists that is your prerogative . 
  this is the part that needs changing . 
  especially germany must learn that not every problem can be solved with a chequebook and some horse trading . 
  `` oh , the crime was committed outside our borders where no proper law enforcement exists ? 
  well , then you get off scot-free , here 's your ransom . '', 
  in what world is that not absolutely crazy ? 
  i do n't have a problem with them . 
  in fact , could you perhaps arrange a cable to be laid from the plant to my apartment ? 
  the eu is marked by an intergovernmental structure , so the individual governments are the most important players -- not the community institutions . 
  in this system , due to germany 's size and wealth , the german government is very influential , but it itself must submit to its own constitutional court . 
  so , if the german government is a sine qua non inside the eu system , the court becomes one by extension , too . 
  is it fair ? 
  but then again , germany is more open to transferring powers to the eu as long as that happens in a democratic fashion , which could alleviate these effects . 
  but that would mean taking powers from the nation states and giving them to the community , which too many are n't very eager about . 
  barely . 
  the agricultural sector is tiny ( 2 % ) , exports are only about a third of it and only a part of these exports go to russia , and of these exports , many can find other buyers , especially for reduced prices .
