  they 're sending people that have lots of problems , and they 're bringing those problems with them . 
  they 're bringing bigotry . 
  they 're corrupt . 
  and some , i can see , are good people . 
  scnr, 
  stop giving shitty advice . 
  the world needs more than stem graduates . 
  signed , a stem phd, 
  without commenting on your remarks , i 'm all for going the entire way . 
  half-baked actions rarely yield good results . 
  if you bring up japan , then obviously germany . 
  but also korea . 
  or the balkans . 
  or perhaps you only remember failed interventions that ended that way and not the others that successfully pacified a conflict . 
  fair enough . 
  though , we only get to make that choice if the necessary tools are actually at our disposal . 
  direct military attacks are not necessarily the only thing that should be of interest . 
  it 's also a question of very generally upholding the international order . 
  but to use a very recent example , had the syrian conflict been pacified earlier by a decisive european intervention then millions of refugees -- who have lost their livelihoods and are now straining europe and its neighbours -- and hundreds of thousands of victims might have been avoided . 
  such an intervention could have actually been purely political as long as its backed up by a credible military threat . 
  alas , we speak softly and also only carry a small stick . 
  the constitution forbids acts intended to disturb the peace , and especially wars of aggression . 
  defending ourselves abroad does not fall under this as various foreign deployments over the last two decades have shown . 
  even if it did , changing this article requires a 2/3 majority and that 'd be it . 
  very short-sighted . 
  you fight abroad so you do n't have to fight at home . 
  if you need assistance in a third country without diplomatic representation of your own member state , any other eu member state will treat you like their own citizens . 
  if you were right , relations between turkey and greece should be as rosy as the franco-german ones , seeing how both are in nato and faced the ussr . 
  alas , they 're far from that . 
  another nugget was only given to us days ago : after the formal brexit notification it took less than a week for some british muppet to bring up armed conflict when discussing gibraltar . 
  there are thousands of similar disagreements in europe , but because we are all in the eu , they do n't really matter anymore -- we have a political forum to resolve our conflicts . 
  that alone is invaluable . 
  besides , the ecsc was founded before nato . 
  well , it makes sense for the eu : the brits who voted to remain tend to be younger and more educated . 
  so , just the people everyone is vying fore . 
  why not invite them over ? 
  it could very well be a net benefit . 
  yes , i mention that it 's `` not in private hands '' and that you could only `` calculate an `` effective milk price '' '' . 
  i find it funny that many on this sub rag on the us but then discussions often end up reinventing concepts that are 1:1 copies of us solutions to the same problem ( i.e. 
  congress is set up just like you described , and so is the eu , broadly speaking ) . 
  the system you describe is effectively in place as we speak , although it 's much more indirect and not in private hands . 
  the poor , sick and unemployed are subsidised by the wealthy , healthy and employed . 
  the most unfortunate receive outright handouts . 
  the better off you are , the fewer benefits you receive until effectively receive nothing and instead begin contributing . 
  if you must , you could calculate an `` effective milk price '' from that . 
  you do n't spare a thought for legitimate refugees but you expect your leaders to spare a thought for you . 
  it seems like there 's some kind of lesson to be learnt here . 
  i had n't really thought of that , and it amuses me . 
  so much that its government told the british not to follow its path because it sucks to have to act like a lobbyist rather than an actual lawmaker . 
   and the eu criticizes the member states for not giving it any power while taking credit for everything it does without crediting the 28 member states . 
  yes , of course . 
  the eu solves issues that the individual members could n't solve on their own . 
  they do n't deserve credit for that . 
  i mean , how could a single european country regulate continental roaming charges ? 
  it makes no sense . 
   the eu ca n't be the powerful force of peace and unity it claims to be when it keeps getting hung up by the power of the member states . 
  the eu facilitates peace in europe but , of course , the member states have a part in that , too . 
  that does n't mean that this applies to all issues . 
   the member states are the community as a whole . 
  the 28 member states represent the interests of the hundreds of millions of people in the eu . 
  a superstate would merely allow for a majority consensus to be formed and forced upon the minority , for the good of the people of course . 
  the inability for the 28 member states to cooperate shows that the community has very different views on how problems should be handled and what should be prioritized . 
  the so-called pan-european values do n't seem to be supported by the inability for the 28 member states to cooperate . 
  the 28 are the ultimate form of gerrymandering . 
  each of them is lead by a government that often rests on a modest national majority , so ultimately a minority of all europeans can dictate to the whole europe via the powerful eu council ( s ) . 
  that absolutely does not mean they speak for europe . 
  my government only rarely represents my views , for instance . 
  more power should be given to the parliament that all europeans elect together , and which is therefore not subject to these electoral anomalies . 
  the balance of power tilts too much in favour of the member states when more and more challenges can only be solved by the community as a whole . 
  some member states prevent the community from assuming the necessary powers while simultaneously criticising it for not being able to accomplish the things for which it lacks the necessary powers . 
  what people criticise when they say that is that the member states retain too many powers that should be delegated to the community . 
  it is not necessary to do away with the members altogether , simply reconsider the balance of powers . 
  the council is made up of member states and it 's perfectly fine for each of them to make its opinion clear in advance . 
  that does n't mean the member state thinks it runs the whole thing . 
  the british public in particular has been polled time and time again only to reveal that it knows very little about the eu . 
  there 's no point in doing anything to please someone who is not even looking at what you are doing in the first place . 
  all ultimately caused by the member states , so ... 
  functionally identical . 
  m\u00e9lenchon can not get what he wants and i 'm certain he knows that , so his entire spiel is just a charade to cloak his desire to leave the eu . 
  really , he reminds me of corbyn who half-heartedly campaigned to remain and now is in hard-brexit mode . 
  sounds very cameron-ish . 
  we know how that went . 
   ironed out by inflation the map shows gdp at * constant * prices , i.e. 
  with inflation removed . 
  if italy were to inflate its currency , it would lower its ( external ) prices ( for labour ) , but also its ( real ) gdp . 
  your post does not show how nominal gdp growth would increase by more than simply the inflation rate , and thus it does n't explain why real gdp growth should increase . 
  why ? 
  germany could build itself new roads and bridges . 
  it 's not like they 're all in perfect condition . 
  yet , the money ends up building them in the new member states . 
  for me , that 's fine . 
  just do n't pretend germany would benefit from it somehow excessively . 
  germans could just use the money to build stuff at home . 
  the same companies would make profits , but germans would also get the resulting infrastructure . 
  and , you know , poland gets the infrastructure . 
  everybody wins . 
  is the similarity between the name zaytung and the german word for newspaper `` zeitung '' a coincidence ? 
  everything built with that money stays in poland . 
  that should be enough . 
  if it breaks the constitution , the supreme court would have declared it unconstitutional .
