   not all of them , just the ones that live for years in a different country without bothering to learn the language . 
  i mean it starts off a bit crass but then it 's immediately qualified and even then it barely has 4 upvotes . 
  or which other one ? 
  seriously , what are you talking about ? 
  i 'm not trying to be obtuse . 
  i skimmed over the entire thread again and i simply can not find what you are talking about . 
  the top comment is a joke . 
  the second one is about semantics . 
  the third one is an opinion , critical , i give you that , but the ensuing discussion is really not savage . 
  the 4th comment criticises the age of the data , then comes the same joke as the top comment , except from someone with a british flag , then another comment wondering why brits do n't seem to bother learning their language , again with a ( imho ) civil discussion ensuing . 
  we go on to a quote from a tory who 's being a dick to someone with a uk flag complaining about anglophobia and from then on it 's really just repetition with a fraction of the upvotes of the previous comments . 
  in-between there are plenty of people from all kinds of countries agreeing and disagreeing with the various statements , including people from britain on both sides of the arguments . 
  i 'm sorry , i 'm really trying to see it but i do n't seem to be able to . 
  maybe not every opinion is phrased in the way a diplomat would do it , but then again this sub is filled with regular people , most of whom are n't using their native language , so perhaps they ca n't help themselves but phrase things a bit more bluntly . 
  honestly , i rarely look at the vote numbers , but i 'll be more attentive in the future . 
  thanks for pointing it out . 
  i 'm not denying there are some idiots , but if you guys think it goes far beyond that , then our perceptions differ . 
  fuck you , do n't tell me what to do . 
  scnr you , too . 
  * some * brits are pointing this out . 
  others voice their understanding for the backlash . 
  do n't misappropriate the latter group . 
  personally , i can imagine that the transition from an environment where quite a lot can be blamed on some nebulous europe into an environment where such assertions are challenged can be quite shocking . 
  it 's the same with some americans who meet europeans that do n't even want to carry guns or want to be able to deny the holocaust . 
  or many germans who do n't realise that there are quite a lot of people around the world who really really like nuclear power and do n't think it 's the end of the world . 
  yes , it 's weird that the free speech defenders always need to come out to defend utter assholes . 
  but i 'm not one of them , i 'm just saying we should use proper arguments to justify limits on speech . 
  i 'm sorry you experienced this . 
  no one should have to go through something like that . 
  having said that , i still think it 's a mistake to believe that disbanding the npd would prevent similar things from happening again . 
  it is a symptom , not the cause of these problems . 
  you do n't need to be organised as a political party to do things like that ; but at least a formally existing party can be more easily observed and contained than just a loose group that organises itself in the deep web . 
  also , i completely agree that a free society must defend itself against those that abuse the freedoms to subvert them . 
  in the case of limits on free speech , i find it more fruitful to steer the argument towards what freedom of speech is intended to do : facilitate the free exchange of ideas so that the best can spread . 
  if a community realises that a certain set of ideas has absolutely no merit -- and national socialism certainly does n't have any -- it can ban them from the marketplace of ideas just like we do with holocaust denial and related kinds of hate speech . 
  the same link was submitted to / r/unitedkingdom about 16 hours earlier and has received over 200 upvotes . 
  considering that / r/europe has about thrice the number of subscribers , it 's at least the same order of magnitude of popularity . 
  although to be fair , it 's only the 15th most-upvoted story of the week , so perhaps not quite . 
  on the other hand , the top 2 post of / r/unitedkingdom is a 2 year old correction about how the sun got something about eu benefits wrong . 
  so , quite a lot of old stuff gets upvoted a lot in several subs . 
  ^ or , ^ maybe ^ you 're ^ right , ^ and ^ it 's ^ just ^ [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wleukm9.png ) ^ again . ^ \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  the parent post literally starts with `` free speechers '' and goes on to construct an argument around that . 
  i 'm generally on your side but if you ca n't see the qualitative difference between speech and action then i 'd rather not be seen on your side of this specific comment thread because you 're going to go down with your giant , pointless straw-man argument that you tried to disguise as a suitable metaphor . 
  well . 
  the submission has over 400 upvotes and the top comment ( which is a harmless joke ) is at 270 + upvotes . 
  the comments you are referring to are really somewhat upvoted , but barely made it to 10 upvotes . 
  i understand that some people are agitated and they vent their emotions and i 'm sorry if you feel attacked by that , but i still do n't think it 's an overwhelming trend . 
  there have been worse threads , i would say . 
  the refusal certainly did n't create the image of a country committed to the project , so it probably is a part of the explanation . 
  i do n't think you can really call this thread hatred . 
  having said that , whatever blowback there might be does n't came about by itself . 
  after years or even decades of blaming the rest of europe for all kinds of things , it 's really no surprise that some people will be annoyed . 
  they can read and they do n't like many of the things that were written about them . 
  but again , it 's unfair to blame the people in here because they most likely deserve the least blame . 
  seems like disruptive behaviour 101 . 
  same shit from the people using religion as a political tool ; commit crimes in the name of religion in the hope of turning outsiders against your religion -- which you then use as evidence of your religion being under attack . 
  it 's unfair that you have to reap what others have sown because you do n't deserve it personally . 
  um , look , my french is not perfect , but does n't that say that they do n't want * formal * errors to lead to an acquittal ? 
  that 's not quite the same as abolishing the presumption of innocence . 
   presumption of innocence dafuq . 
  that 's even an article of the declaration of the rights of man and citizen . 
  what 's more french than that ? 
  because 20000 people ca n't possibly work out something useful . 
  the committees would be so large , they 'd never get anything done . 
  there 's only one `` parliament '' with that many deputies , the chinese one . 
  and that only `` works '' because the results are predetermined . 
  instead , for a more realistic solution , just limit what the central government is supposed to do and leave the rest to other tiers of government closer to the people . 
  what i write may sound like nitpicking but i think it 's important . 
  a federation is not a unitary state . 
  its constituent states are not powerless . 
  they just delegate a limited and specific list of powers to the federal government to exercise on their behalf . 
  making decisions as far down as possible is called subsidiarity and it refers to the day to day work of governments , not referenda on european treaties . 
  the eu has no power over referenda . 
  member states and/or their legislatures can sue the european institutions if they disrespect the principle of subsidiarity . 
  anyway , you are twisting vge 's words there a bit . 
  a number of reasons were given by voters for their rejection of the 2005 treaty . 
  the overwhelming majority of which had nothing to do with the actual nitty-gritty technical content of the treaty . 
  in fact , most either wanted to stick it to the current government , or if they did really object to something in the text , it was it 's symbolism . 
  hence the change in approach , to make it less grand , less of a symbol and more of the boring reform that it really was . 
  evidently , no government was ousted for its approval of the lisbon treaty , so the population seems to have been okay with the new approach . 
  additionally , i was n't in ireland in 2008/9 , so i ca n't speak to your claim of economic scaremongering . 
  what i can say , however , is that the irish ( and everyone else ) were given back their permanent commissioner and they were given guarantees about their neutrality and abortion legislation . 
  so , it was hardly just scaremongering , the reu really made concessions to calm the electorate . 
  now we have too many commissioners for the job , but i guess if we can afford two parliaments , we can also afford unnecessary commissioners . 
  well , this has been brewing for years . 
  it just looks sudden because the number of finished investigations has passed a critical value in the last couple of months/years . 
  nato is a military alliance . 
  it wo n't stop attacks that do n't rely on blunt military force . 
  did you just kick out ireland in passing ? 
  the rules are ok . 
  this subreddit is a regular target of brigades and it 's really no surprise that you guys have to fight back with tougher rules to keep it open . 
  should have used the german dubbed version . 
  our opinions may differ , but i think spiegel ( online , at least ) has left the region of respectable publications a few years ago already . 
  it 's becoming worse and worse . 
  well , obviously i ca n't tell you that your personal impression is wrong even though i feel like you 're interpreting a desire for more commitment as a rejection . 
  either way i 'm sorry you feel that way and hope that impression will only be temporary . 
  hmm , is n't the dominant opinion in both threads you linked ( as well as this one ) rather welcoming and even wishes for more uk engagement ? 
  there has * never * been an economic union without a political one behind it . 
  i read this regularly and i ca n't say whether the belief in a formerly apolitical economic alliance stems from ignorance or whether it 's a form of historical revisionism . 
  since the 50s , there has * always * been a commission to draft and enforce common regulations , there has always been a council to decide the general course of the union and to agree to the common regulations , there has always been a kind of parliament to advise on and later agree to regulations , and there has always been a court to ensure that community law is applies the same everywhere .
