  but perhaps you already know that . 
  can you imagine that some people like the idea of ... not having their symbolic head of state get dirty in an election ? 
  ... said head of state not having to pander to donors ? 
  ... said head of state being taught from early age how to be a head of state ? 
  for symbolic positions , elections are n't necessarily better than inheritance and proper training . 
  this is more like north and south , not just italy and rest of europe . 
  listen buddy , we do n't like your euclidean logic here . 
  for some reason i do n't think any amount of arguing on my side would cause you to re-think your position , so i 'm not going to waste my time on it . 
  that said , it is [ funny that an irishman would argue against migration ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_diaspora ) . 
  why ? 
   taking advice from the us on how to run an economy is like asking your shitfaced drunk friend to explain how to safely operate a vehicle yes , they 're only the biggest national economy with a higher per-capita gdp than us . 
  what do they know ? 
  you 're embarrassing yourself . 
   how about the rest of the eurozone tries to rise to our level of economic productivity instead of trying to drag us down to theirs ? 
  how exactly do you expect that to work ? 
  not everyone can have a positive foreign trade balance , the total sum must be zero . 
  from the comments :  revcounter \u2022 5 hours ago   most ( over 95 % ) of eu spending is actually implemented within the member states by the member states themselves , and not by the european commission ( whose entire staff is less than that of birmingham city council ) . 
  that 's how the system operates , and those national government departments and agencies have full responsibility to select all projects , to ensure they meet the eu requirements and to ensure that all payments are merited . 
  but of course the uk eurosceptics would like to keep that fact out of the news report , and instead point the finger at `` eu bureaucrats '' . 
   why do we simply get a `` cut and paste '' article from the telegraph , that is itself simply a cut and paste from a uk eurosceptic mep 's press release ? 
  how quaint . 
  from a historical standpoint , things have not only always strived to become bigger and more global , they have also changed constantly . 
  from families to tribes to regions to countries ... people often were n't asked if they wanted these changes , and yet today no one could turn them back . 
  no indian wants to break up india to return to its pre-colonial state . 
  no german wants to break up germany to return to its pre-imperial state . 
  well , almost no one , there are always some \u2030 who live in the past . 
  but generally , the list goes on . 
  and yet here you are , bemoaning the erosion of cultures . 
  how long do you think your kind can protect what you perceive as your culture ? 
  100 years ? 
  1000 years ? 
  forever ? 
  how long do you think you can prevent things from changing , sometimes drastically ? 
  you must know that you are fighting not only a losing battle , but also a pointless one . 
  our world will continue to exist for eons and your beloved cultures will be gone in a blink of a cosmic eye , whether you fight or not . 
  why do you want to be on the losing side of history ? 
  edit : ze downvotes , zey do nahzing !, 
  is n't it nice to be born in a part of the world that is n't war torn ... have you ever heard of a concept called [ veil of ignorance ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/veil_of_ignorance ), 
   ten nuns in paphos break into a municipal graveyard in the middle of the night , exhumed the remains of a deceased fellow nun to rebury her elsewhere , without notifying any local civil authorities ( this action requires a court order ) . 
  people living nearby called the police . 
  the senior nun then went on tv to say that only religious authorities matter to her , and those gave her permission , and that she does n't feel she had to notify the municipality or the police [ p ] [ cn ] render unto caesar ... even i know that part . 
  ( imagine the outcry if muslims did that . ), 
  you 're on fire today . 
  i 'm not sure about the expensive part . 
  for one , the bailouts were only loans . 
  additionally , capital flight into german bonds lowered the interest rates , sometimes made them even negative . 
  the krone is pegged to the euro . 
  there 's effectively no difference . 
  the thing is , we do n't even do that within the wealthy countries . 
  germany supports its poorer regions , the us does , switzerland does , everyone does it . 
  it 's simply unrealistic to believe that every part of europe ( or the world ) will always be in economic equilibrium with the rest , for specialisation reasons alone . 
  i heard a good example on austrian radio : upper austria has heavy industry and chemical industry and always makes a profit . 
  salzburg relies on tourism mostly , so when the weather is good they are in the black , when it 's bad they slide into debt . 
  and when that happens , upper austria assumes these debts , too . 
  and that 's good , because we want to preserve salzburg as what it is . 
  sure , the peripheral regions can still do quite a lot to reduce the need for transfers ( like battle corruption and so on ) , but in the end we will still pay . 
  and i for one , provided that there has been substantial progress battling corruption and fraud , am ok with it . 
  good . 
  it 's time member states are no longer able to hide behind and use the union as a scapegoat for everything . 
  in germany electricity is close to 30c/kwh and diesel at 1.40 $ / l. 
  with a 5l/100km diesel engine you can get very close to the tesla 's price . 
  except your diesel will cost you less than half of the tesla . 
   ironically , being in the eu will likely strengthen their independence . 
  funny that many do n't seem to be able to grasp that and prefer an illusion of independence . 
   is that it ? 
  that is quite a lot for such a tiny country . 
  not the jobs , the influence . 
  aside from that there would be , for instance , full access to the eu 's single market or sammarineses could visit any eu embassy when in need of consular assistance in any country without sammarinese embassy . 
  that 's just what i can think of now , i 'm sure there are other things as well . 
  a seat on the council , some meps ... quite some power in brussels for such a tiny country . 
  hm , i 'd be happy if iter gets to dt operations before 2030 . 
  the european parliament . 
  the right wing populists will not ameliorate that situation , though . 
   ~ ~ directly elected eu president ~ ~ who can sell his upcoming presidency for the highest price . 
  ftfy, 
  nah , we 'd rather reward our corrupt party in power with an absolute majority in parliament . 
  that 's how we roll . 
  i do n't want to live in this state any more . 
  well , i do , but i wish it was a little different . 
  they belong to schengen even though they 're an island farther away from the mainland than the uk . 
  as a rule of thumb : anything that is remotely based on a true story . 
  germans seem to be unable to come up with new stuff . 
  check out downfall , das boot , the lives of others , goodbye lenin , the baader meinhof complex . 
  there are parts of israel who are not benevolent , true , but overall the country does what it needs to effectively defend itself and that 's it . 
  for instance , israel took sinai , gaza and so on in the 6 day war which started because of * egyptian * acts of war . 
  it had no obligation to give back land to the * aggressor * . 
  ^ ( `` 19 years to create a palestinian state in the pre-1967 borders ? 
  let 's instead lose another war to israel . '' ), 
  you sound very ignorant . 
  israel had both sinai and gaza and it * gave them back * . 
  so going around claiming israel is behind some kind of conspiracy to get all the land in the west bank is simply unfounded . 
  they have made it clear that they simply claim some parts they consider strategically important . 
  israel gobbled up all the available land . 
  in the sinai . 
  and gaza . 
  it was [ similar to that ] ( http://www.piratenpartei.de/2013/09/16/piraten-videodrohne-bei-protestaktion-gegen-ueberwachungsstaat-von-polizei-zur-landung-gezwungen/ ) . 
  [ police forced the pilot of the drone to crash it ] ( http://www.piratenpartei.de/2013/09/16/piraten-videodrohne-bei-protestaktion-gegen-ueberwachungsstaat-von-polizei-zur-landung-gezwungen/ ) . 
  perhaps you should gather the facts before you throw around judgements . 
  sure , but a big and often used argument for leaving the eu is `` the eu is broken because despite our importance we do n't have enough say in how it is run '' ( or similar ) .
