  here we go again , another persecution complex . 
  any country that has something newsworthy related to the whole of europe is singled out . 
  sometimes it 's the swiss casting doubt over existing agreements , the brits thinking about leaving the eu , or the ukrainians trying to get closer to it . 
  hm , i do n't think i agree with that . 
  when people blame bush `` for katrina '' , they 're not blaming him for the actual storm , they blame him for the bad preparation and response . 
  in the same way , when ukip blames someone for the floods , they do n't blame them for the actual water , but again for the preparation and response . 
  although to be fair , someone did try to blame homosexuals for the actual weather , so there 's that ... 
  when in doubt , both . 
  better safe than sorry , right ? 
  then i wish you all the best !, 
  woah , thank you for the answer . 
  very interesting . 
  do you think it 'll work out this time ? 
  can a cypriot tell us more about how unification is supposed to work ? 
  will cyprus be some kind of federation or are there no plans yet ? 
  yes , that would be great . 
  thank you so much , 
  yugoslavia was non-aligned . 
  you only read the headline , did n't you . 
  ok , good to know . 
  by the way , i just remembered . 
  did anything come out of the licensing idea we chatted about ? 
  art . 
  218 tfeu :  8 . the council shall act by a qualified majority throughout the procedure . 
   however , it shall act unanimously when the agreement covers a field for which unanimity is required for the adoption of a union act as well as for association agreements and the agreements referred to in article 212 with the states which are candidates for accession . 
  i ca n't find the minutes or something of when the treaties were ratified . 
  there we should be able to see whether it required qualified majority or unanimity . 
  i know it 's confusing , but here you do n't put `` ein '' before `` sinn '' . 
  you ca n't use the infinitive form there , i.e. 
  people 's livelihoods are just as much at stake when their job is jeopardised because their employer ca n't compete with swiss products and services , probably financed with our own black money . 
  if they wanted complete access to our markets , i want the same access to their labour market . 
  there is a system of public and private health insurance companies paying private and public doctors and hospitals . 
  the government does n't redistribute this money ; it 's somewhat similar to the new american system plus a public option . 
  to send money abroad from there , you 'd have to somehow up the insurance rates paid by the customers and send it somewhere else , completely outside of the existing system . 
  this is not a trivial political undertaking . 
  i think we need to come up with something different . 
  let me get this straight : * swiss products and services competing with ours is okay . 
  * european capital flowing out of the eu into switzerland is okay . 
  * but european labour competing for swiss jobs is n't okay ? 
  because that 's the deal we had . 
  all of it . 
  do n't be sorry , that was funny . 
  no , i mean , there are countries like germany where doctors are not paid by the state . 
  you ca n't make a european fund to pay doctors if some countries do n't pay the doctors in the first place . 
  health care systems are very different across countries . 
  this does n't seem feasible . 
  so brave, 
  but what can we/they do ? 
  skilled labour is always in demand abroad . 
  they ca n't turn the country into a prison ... again . 
  i did that but i still do n't see how i can submit a correction . 
  can you describe what i have to do to submit a correction ? 
  you 're joking , but this actually happens with eastern europe . 
  it is a problem ... 
  how can i correct it ? 
  i see no button or anything , just stars for voting . 
  :d ( scnr ), 
  i randomly looked at a fact ( https://factcheckeu.org/factchecks/show/61/graham-watson ) and the supposed truth is not correct , as shown in [ another recent submission to this subreddit ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1xie46/two_million_british_people_emigrated_to_eu/ ) . 
  not sure how high quality this site is ... 
  i think pensioners are drawn to sunnier regions . 
  are you confusing us with bw ? 
  just give it up . 
  there are some sceptics worthy of debate , like trucidator , but this one is n't one of them . 
  if you dare mention the bluntness of something like a referendum on a 500 page treaty , how can you be anything but a fascist who wants to undermine democracy and enslave everyone ? 
  gnah . 
  fundamentally , democratic decision-making is not magically always right . 
  it 's a big , institutionalised argumentum ad populum . 
  just because a majority votes for something does n't make it right , does n't make it perfectly justifiable to force it on the minority . 
  instruments that limit the tyranny of the majority are a good and necessary corrective . 
  you do n't like that ? 
  fine . 
  i do n't care . 
  i 'm happy people like you do n't get to push things on me just because there 's more of you than me . 
  i want my mps to get a say in all of it . 
  women could vote in germany ( or iran or turkey ) before they could vote in switzerland . 
  there are less draconian surveillance regimes in place by the german government than the swiss ( centralised id databases , e.g. ) . 
  we do n't ban one religion 's houses of worship . 
  we do n't renege on our treaties with our neighbours . 
  and yet , we are doing fine . 
  we do n't need direct democracy . 
  because direct democracy does n't produce better results if your society is ill . and if it is n't ill , it 'll do fine without , too . 
  the fact that all other successful countries are n't following switzerland 's model shows more than anything else that their success might just be despite or independent of their system and not because of it . 
  ~ ~ the guillotine clause does n't require a legislative process . 
  why would anyone have a veto ? ~ ~ http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1xlrhf/swiss_did_not_weigh_consequences_of_referendum_eu/cfchyep, 
  some certainly are . 
  which is okay , after all the representatives of certain interest groups will know their stuff and successfully make their case . 
  at least that 's why i support people like la quadrature du net . 
  i do n't want to be offensive , but your posts do show that you live in a country with comparably weak civil society and corrupt establishment . 
  that is what 's broken . 
  this is what needs fixing . 
   and politicians have this great record in knowing exactly what they vote on !, 
  it 's not like they often not even read the laws they pass !, 
  if you know a politician does n't know what he 's voting on , you should n't re-elect him . 
  sounds fairly easy . 
   and yet in the real world the majority of people are very disillusioned with their politics and power only alternates between two major parties . 
  accountability by politicians is a joke . 
  since you 're a german , please do tell me what your `` accountable '' politicians are doing regarding gema . 
  i 'm politically active in the pirate party and i can tell you that most germans do find gema annoying but not enough . 
  there is not enough public interest to push politicians . 
  i also do n't see what this is supposed to prove .
