  sorry , maybe i 'm too dense but i do n't understand why * everything * needs to be shared with every pod . 
  social networks makes their money with advertising and if someone wants to advertise to european users , the bulk of the data does n't have to leave european servers . 
  only interactions that are relevant to other users need that , i.e. 
  shared content etc. 
  the information that was , for example , collected as my computer loaded a sharing-widget on a third party website matter primarily to facebook eu . 
  from what i can tell from skimming over its federation protocol documentation , diaspora is based on push , so you send data to other pods only when sharing with a user on that pod . 
  obviously then you depend on the other pod 's cooperation to remove data that was once sent there . 
  but , that was n't what i was getting at . 
  since we were talking about the technical challenges , what stops facebook et al from using a pod-like infrastructure internally , with european users defaulting to european pods and with a notification/warning that data shared with users on american pods might end up in the hands of us authorities ? 
  there could even be a legal separation by splitting facebook eu from facebook us and using a diaspora-like federation in-between . 
  the european branch of facebook could thus uphold its obligations to european users . 
  it can hardly be held responsible if its users willingly send information across the atlantic . 
  look through the protocols , e.g. 
  http://www.international.gc.ca/trade-agreements-accords-commerciaux/assets/pdfs/disp-diff/ethyl-08.pdf on page 6 it says that ethyl is suing because it is barred from * importing * the additive , while producing it * in * canada is still perfectly legal , which obviously favours canadian producers at the expense of everyone else . 
  that 's not quite the picture you are painting , is it . 
  i see . 
  but are n't there lesser-known platforms like diaspora or friendica that , by design , work in a decentralised manner and offer if not all then at least most of the functionality of common social networks ? 
  i randomly looked up two of your examples , vattenfall v germany and infinito gold v costa rica and in both cases the companies accuse the respective state of violating an international agreement and not just legislating against their wishes . 
  so , just like / u/gocarsno said . 
  just for one more data point i also randomly looked up the ethyl v canada case , and it , too , is based on the accusation that the canadian government violated the nafta agreement . 
  but again , ttip and whatever isds clauses it might contain are not finalised and it 's hardly too much to ask to just wait till the actual text gets on the table . 
  can you give an example ? 
  you know a lot about a legal document that has n't been published yet . 
  or , perhaps , you just speculate . 
  i 'm not a big fan of isds , but it 's disingenuous to pretend that it can be misused to nullify lawfully implemented regulations willy-nilly , however some corporation demands . 
  i did n't say you were and i can see how it can be challenging to deal with this . 
  why ? 
  xmpp-like federation to allow interaction between servers is n't new . 
  part of the press release can be found here : https://twitter.com/brunobrussels/status/651301398840233984 full version not yet available on curia.europe.eu . 
  a single market needs a single set of rules or it 's not a single market . 
  a single set of rules must be made by a single authority , or it 's not going to be a single set of rules . 
  call that authority whatever you want . 
  i only have something in german , but your favourite translator will help you with it : https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/asylrecht_%28deutschland%29#botschaftsasyl i think there are several different statuses that all amount to receiving some kind of protection from our countries , and as you said , in practice they 're all basically the same . 
  no , it does n't . 
  as the name suggests , nafta is [ merely a free trade agreement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economic_integration#stages ) . 
  the single market needs common regulations which in turn need some common process to come up with and enforce them . 
  that 's the conclusion if you believe that rolling back european integration is desirable even if it means giving up things like the single market . 
  unfortunately our current legislation seems to outright prohibit asylum applications abroad . 
  it truly looks like it 's designed to be humane on paper and unattainable in practice . 
  shirinator could n't read that far because the foam coming out of his mouth obstructed the view . 
  hardly a secret . 
  it 's also why anything that strengthens the european parliament vis-\u00e0-vis the council is a good thing . 
  the crummiest things from brussels can always be traced back to the latter . 
  it 's nice to see a calm discussion about this . 
  cool . 
  i think your interpretation of at least germany 's view * was * correct . 
  for a while , the german government hid behind the other countries . 
  however , that position has evolved into an understanding that we are nowhere near requiring some kind of caps if only everyone would pull their weight -- which , after all , should n't be so controversial , considering that everyone signed up to the same conventions and agreements . 
  on top of that , the number of genuine refugees among this seemingly colossal influx is very well manageable . 
  we only need to process them in a timely manner , send those back that are not really in need of our protection , and find a place to stay for those that do need it . 
  of course , that does absolutely not preclude being proactive and creating ways for refugees to be accepted into europe without requiring the services of traffickers in the first place . 
  it 's too optimistic , however , to believe that this would in itself stop all other attempted crossings , especially from libya . 
  even with a hypothetical contingent solution for the aegean sea we 'd still have to deal with and process everyone who arrives through a different way . 
  thankfully the recent agreement does include setting up appropriate facilities in greece and italy and today 's high-level meeting in brussels seems to have paved the way for further cooperation between turkey and the eu . 
  i agree that that people moving across europe `` illegally '' is a problem , but i disagree about the assessment that it 's caused by some kind of caps , european or otherwise . 
  instead i think we are again facing a situation where european countries wanted to reap the benefits of sharing something without pooling the powers to manage that shared asset . 
  it happened with the euro when it was hit with a asymmetric shock and it 's happening again with the borderless space -- had there been a proper european system of policing the external borders , we would have never gotten to this point . 
  instead we left the countries at the border alone until they could n't handle it any more and it started affecting even those that used to hide behind the dublin-agreement and its first-eu-country-rule . 
  ( everything on top of leaving the immediate neighbours of the crisis under-supported as well . ), 
  this encouragement idea is massively overblown . 
  for one , a large number of applicants are n't even from syria and were not included in any announcement whatsoever , with the biggest group actually being * other europeans * . 
  for those that the announcement was about ( an announcement to simply not deport back to the eu 's peripheral states as they were * already * drowning with refugees ) , the syrians , first instance acceptance rates across the whole eu were and still are around 97 % , so virtually every syrian was already granted asylum everywhere in europe . 
  simply stating that indisputable fact can hardly be construed as some sort of encouragement . 
  the immediate reasons for the surge are to be found outside europe and trying to spin this otherwise is disingenuous . 
  i mean , just go on google news and look for the headlines of august 24th and then tell me how announcing something about turkish camps would have solved anything that was happening in hungary that day . 
  so go ahead and link us to one of these stories where normal criticism lead to someone losing their job . 
  i remember those that made headlines rather clearly and they all were not just level-headed criticism but encouraged violence . 
  the most prominent examples i can think of were that guy from porsche who suggested to greet refugees with a flame thrower and that nurse or whatever she was that suggested no refugee would make it out of her practice alive and that no one would catch her because she knows how to do her job . 
  i agree that a certain number of such people is necessary to satisfy demand for them when the economy recovers . 
  when unemployment reaches into the double digits , however , then getting some out of the country and into a job abroad is a net benefit . 
  they 'll not need unemployment benefits , they might even send back money and even establish business relationships between their new and old homes . 
  and , of course , they can always come back when their skills are needed . 
  i mean , it 's their home , they know the language , it 's easier to come back than to leave . 
  the problem with such eu/us comparisons is that the us federal government has like 25 times the money to move around , which means it can compensate pretty big difference between individual states . 
  the eu is n't quite there yet . 
  brain drain is about losing smart people that the local community could use but ca n't convince to stay . 
  clearly , if a person is unemployed for longer periods , that community has no use for that specific person . 
  it 's great that they can leave to reduce pressure on local social services . 
  yeah , it 's reprehensible . 
  arguing that europe should behave equally reprehensible is not something i find very convincing . 
  the end of the article is about how the epp wants to stop turkey 's accession proceedings completely , so i would n't hold my breath . 
  yes , i 'm looking forward to the explanations how 75m turks can take * another * two million but seven times as many europeans ca n't handle a quarter of that . 
  ... eurozone countries want to reap benefits of sharing a currency , but do n't want proper joint eurozone management of the currency and its underlying economy . 
  when asymmetric crisis brings common currency to brink of collapse , people blame eurozone instead of member states . 
  eu/schengen countries want to reap benefits of sharing a common space without internal borders , but do n't want proper joint eu/schengen management of its external borders . 
  when asymmetric crisis brings shared space to brink of collapse , people blame eu/schengen instead of member states . 
  [ \u0ca0_\u0ca0 ] ( http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/w/winstonchu105424.html ), 
  i do n't think the article makes any statement about that . 
  i guess it ultimately depends on whether erdogan believes that a deal will help him his party make gains in the election . 
  perhaps the visa thing can accomplish that . 
  except we enshrined human rights after the lessons of ww2 . 
  so , not like conservative doom scenarios at all . 
  it 's not failing and it 's very dangerous to start questioning the absoluteness of human rights because that sets a precedent that we can do away with them when the powers that be deem it in their interests . 
  tl ; dr : european/turkish plan to halt uncontrolled flow of refugees to europe has matured . 
  key points : * joint greek-turkish maritime patrols to stop trafficking * establishment of new camps in turkey to house 2 million refugees , co-financed by the eu * agreement to resettle up to half a million refugees from turkey into the eu * abolishment of visa requirements for turks if plan proceeds as planned * possibly a recognition of turkey as a safe country without persecution this will be discussed on monday when erdogan visits brussels . 
  you are conflating different issues . 
  yes , a lot of people could have demanded more money and powers for frontex all the way up to august 25th . 
  it should have happened . 
  but it did n't . 
  i do n't see why one single politician should be blamed for this now .
