  whoever simply attributes the peace in europe to one mechanism alone is either misinformed or disingenuous . 
   as for political accountability , well , that 's a laugh : how many times in the last decade has the eu had its accounts signed off ? 
  [ every single year since 2007 ? 
  ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_eca-13-36_en.htm )  as i pointed out clearly , the french regularly demand special concessions from the eu , and they get it . 
  when the british do the same , we 're vilified as having an `` island mentality '' . 
  what special concessions ? 
  are they questioning the entire project ? 
  are they opting out of every other harmonisation scheme ? 
  hardly . 
  still , france is a big member and when it plays its cards right , it has a lot of sway . 
  so could britain . 
   that is giving up sovereignty . 
  how is that giving up sovereignty ? 
  the british people used to have a say in the cp by electing their mps who then elect the pm who then can cast a vote to nominate the cp together with the other leaders . 
  now they elect meps who de facto directly elect the cp together with the meps elected by other europeans . 
  it 's one layer closer to the people . 
  if anything , they gained sovereignty by pooling it with other europeans and removing one more layer of indirect decision making . 
  there is no other trade bloc in the world like the eu . 
  we do n't have a free trade agreement , we have a common market that requires common regulation for all goods . 
  if i can read about it , it 's probably not what i consider a backroom deal , and just because some people see it as buying renzi 's support for juncker does n't necessarily make it so . 
  but even if it were the kind of backroom deal i meant , ensuring that the candidate with the biggest group becomes cp would be an improvement over just agreeing on some nobody third candidate that really no one even had the slightest chance of indirectly voting for or against . 
  it was n't a backroom deal . 
  it was anounced way before the election and juncker is now only in the position to become cp because his group was elected to be the biggest group . 
  for civilian usage , only the stellarator concept currently shows similar potential as tokamaks , albeit its behind maybe 1-2 generations due to lacking computational power ( until recently , anyway ) . 
  hello , fusion scientist here . 
  i can assure you , tokamaks have moved way past the issues they faced in the past . 
  in fact , the performance number for fusion devices grows faster than the computing power of computer chips . 
  there are always new ones , though . 
  that 's also why i and most of my colleagues are sceptical about alternative approaches ; their promises sound eerily similar to some that conventional magnetic confinement fusion may have made a long time ago . 
  and then came plasma physics and got in the way . 
  a lot . 
  still , iter will have a net gain . 
  yes , it 's equal . 
  the treaties say parliament can elect a nominee * or not * . 
  it 's fully in their rights to not elect someone that the voters did n't at least have a chance of voting on indirectly , if that 's an idea that finds a majority among meps . 
  they , too , do n't have to rubberstamp the decisions of the council . 
  i 'm not sure what this fear mongering about unification has anything to do with the question at hand . 
  there wo n't be any big bang unification , just slow evolution along the issues we are facing . 
  so far everyone has been complaining about unelected bureaucrats and now that we can move away from that , the loudest complainers would rather keep the unelected bureaucrats . 
  i 'm sorry , i just ca n't take this seriously . 
  ca n't eat your cake and have it , too . 
   a bunch of parties in his group won . 
  that 's enough because we live in representative democracies . 
  the elected meps will elect the cp that they think is best . 
  besides , this was the first installment of this process . 
  of course it wo n't immediately reach everyone . 
  if we took this argument as a reason to turn back now we 'd never get anywhere . 
  who would have thought that building an artificial star would be challenging ? 
  ( scnr ), 
  external devaluation is probably not a pleasant solution for a country that has to [ import much of its raw materials and energy ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/profile/country/prt/ ) . 
  i 'd be curious to see some evidence showing that it 'd be more pleasant than austerity ( = internal devaluation ) . 
  no idea . 
  welcome to politics . 
  did they really or did they only want more from juncker 's backers in return for their support ? 
  this ... was n't where i was going with this . 
  * some * people only consider this . 
  tusk is german ? 
  he 's romanian alright , but he 's also a member of the german minority in romania . 
  you 're david cameron ? 
  oh , i agree . 
  the farther you go , the stranger it gets . 
  where are you going with this ? 
  i 'm not sure how to interpret that question . 
  bavaria is not the same as the other german states and inside bavaria there are strong regional differences as well , which is why bavaria itself is an admittedly rather centralised federation of 7 districts ( swabia , lower and upper bavaria , upper , middle and lower franconia and upper palatinate ) . 
  dialects and customs noticeably change every hundred or so kilometres that you travel . 
  that does n't even exist within existing federal countries . 
  our nations are already too small to deal with things like climate change on their own . 
  in the future , more and more issues will overwhelm them . 
  we should prepare in due time . 
  of course , that does n't mean every decisions needs to be taken together , but some should be . 
  we need to have good look at that . 
  silly australian , penguins ca n't do agriculture . 
  what 's with the loss of culture straw man ? 
  the very point of a federation is to not get rid of the local characteristics by leaving as much governing power as possible to local institutions . 
  `` subsidiarity '' in eu jargon . 
  yes . 
  technically . 
  really , they 're called grillinos ? 
  sounds like ... something to eat . 
  scotland < 3, 
  are you suggesting that is the goal of european integration ? 
  because it 's not . 
  it 's simply giving intra-european conflicts a political forum to be settled in without the usual bloodshed . 
  there it is again , the special snowflake syndrome . 
  as if it was harder than for other governments in the 1980s . 
  this is an exclusively british interpretation , if anything . 
  at least i 've never heard it from someone else . 
  the main cause for instability in europe was the franco-german rivarly and that rivalry has been buried through european integration , starting with the ecsc in 1951 -- 4 years before west germany joined nato . 
  and perhaps the main driving force behind that rivarly was german nationalism . 
  european integration is what silenced it , not nato . 
  german nationalists would have been dumb enough to ally with the russians to attack france another time , even going against rnato . 
  people fly these flags because they were born with them . 
  no one ever asked them whether they wanted them . 
  they were just there and people accepted them as their own . 
  britain joined a club following democratic procedure and it could have flown the club 's flag if it wanted to , it just chose not to . 
  germans were against the euro , but after some years with it , an overwhelming majority want to keep it . 
  britons might have been against showing the flag , but after a few years they could have been overwhelmingly in favour of displaying it . 
  we 'll never know because it was never done , so there 's really no point in arguing about this . 
  oh , and with the exception of the ryder cup , no one shows the european flags for sports events because there is no joint european team competing there . 
  at the world cup we saw almost only english flags and maybe here and there a single british one .
