  how many people have to tell you that the ec can not pass legislation before you drop the persecution complex ? 
  well , you [ better get on it then ] ( http://services.parliament.uk/bills/ ) . 
   any bills which start in the lords have [ hl ] in their title . 
  is this commonly known in ireland or does the government narrative prevail ? 
  do n't you mean ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfyywfhbj3m, 
   you have the ec ; which is an unelected body that creates all eu legislation - that would be absolutely unacceptable in any eu nation , people would riot over it , yet it 's the thing that governs so much of our daily lives these days . 
  the ec proposes legislation , it does n't create it . 
  both council and parliament have to pass it and can amend it as they wish . 
  also , the ec is appointed by the council and confirmed by parliament . 
  that 's not so different from any head of government in europe , i.e. 
  appointed by the head of state and confirmed / `` elected '' by parliament . 
   then you have the fact that , at least in the uk and i 'm sure most other places , all of the main parties are pro-eu and have arbitrarily deepened integration for decades with no particular popular mandate from the public . 
  nobody under the age of 57 has ever had a say on uk membership of the eu and even those who did were only voting on a trading pact ; despite the ever-growing desire for a referendum , all parties have conspired to ensure we do n't get one , breaking promises and `` cast-iron guarantees '' to kick it into the long grass . 
  hum . 
  well , that 's your national problem i guess . 
  the treaties always made it clear that economic union is a vehicle for further integration , from 1953 on . 
   then you have things like the situation in ireland where they did get a referendum on treaty change and when the public returned a result the establishment did n't like , they just kept holding one until they got the answer they wanted !, 
  what the fuck ? 
  that did not happen . 
  the treaty was amended , i.e. 
  guarantees were added that certain irish issues were n't going to be touched ( like abortion ) and the commission was increased back to 27 ( now 28 ) members instead of 20 , so that ireland could keep its commissioner and not share it with others . 
  the claim that you vote and vote on the same thing till the answer is okay is simply untrue . 
   perhaps most of that is for people who follow this stuff , i reckon for most people the biggest problem they have is that the eu is seen as a massive , wasteful , needlessly bureaucratic , incompetent interferer in domestic affairs . 
  instead of dealing with mass unemployment , inherent problems with the euro or immigration during a global financial crisis , the only time you hear about them is when they 're trying to give prisoners the vote , ban dipping oil , prevent terrorists from being deported or protecting their strasbourg gravy train . 
  it 's far from perfect , but considering that it works for more than half a billion people , it 's really a fairly efficient and small organisation ( less employees than a midsized-to-large city , less than 2 % of total government spending ) . 
  it also does n't really have the authority to deal with inherent problems of the euro ( that 's up to the members ) or unemployment . 
  perhaps it needs better pr to set things straight . 
  but then probably someone would complain that the eu is financing propaganda ... lose-lose . 
   it 's like they 're totally incapable of looking at the big picture or understanding how self-defeating it is to interfere with sovereign affairs on petty issues , which just deepens the image of incompetence and the revilement of being denied a say on the white elephant in all our rooms . 
  if it were n't so sad , it would amuse me that people are so uniformed while believing the opposite . 
  national leaders really need to grow a backbone and tell the truth . 
  cushion shots . 
  you are right that pr is abysmal . 
  that said , these regulations do make sense , more or less . 
  we could wait for electricity prices to rise so high that consumers will demand smaller vacuum cleaners . 
  but then quite a few europeans will already be unable to afford to heat and light their homes . 
  obviously one member state could regulate to restrict power if they deem that necessary , but that would disrupt the market -- you 'd have to build an extra version of vacuum cleaners for that country and control it and so on . 
  it does make sense for the eu to step in here . 
  the oil container thing is less clear cut but one could still make a case for it . 
   ukrainian nationality was invented in the second half of xix century so ... around the time germany was founded ? 
  do we also not have history and culture of our own ? 
  if not , where is the difference ? 
  in your view , why are they making this legislation if no one is asking for it and what could be done to achieve whatever they are trying to achieve in a better way ? 
  i disagree . 
  at the moment , germany is the most important country in europe . 
  its new government will probably make or break the eu . 
  so the right is eurosceptic because the eu is too socialist , the left because it is n't socialist enough . 
  what 's it gon na be now ? 
  what do you mean by liberal labour laws ? 
  the eu does n't levy taxes , so i do n't know how it could focus on reducing them . 
  shut up , frenchie . 
  * obviously * that swede knows more about your national politics than you . 
  we 've been over this a few times already . 
  for a common market , you need a set of common regulations , so a product from anywhere in market can be sold anywhere in the market . 
  having these regulations made by 28 national legislatures is far more troublesome than having only one . 
  i do n't think we could send in as many athletes as we do nowadays if we competed as one country . 
  no idea who downvoted you for adding a valuable citation to this discussion . 
  the next commission president will be chosen from the winning group in the upcoming european election . 
  ( before you ask about the others , cabinet members are not elected by the german bundestag , either . 
  but similarly , the commission president and the chancellor can dismiss ministers/commissioners . ), 
  no , it would n't . 
  the point of the common currency is to shift exchange rate risk from private players to the states so that reliable and more efficient cross-border supply chains can be formed . 
  this is not possible if the exchange rate risk can return simply due to the decision of only one national authority to remove the peg . 
  it must be believable and reliable . 
   china can perform as one economy is because they share a common language of business ( ... ) and a general similar culture you know what the chinese think of english ? 
  it 's the white people 's mandarin . 
  and 1.3 bn chinese speaking countless different languages in everyday life have cultures just as diverse as 500m europeans . 
   the eu is pretty united as it is with regards to russia , so there 's nothing to gain there . 
  it actually is n't . 
  the eastern members are terrified of russia while the western parts have little problems doing business with them and being dependent on their gas . 
  the russians ( and americans , for that matter ) are exploiting that to divide us . 
  europe can do everything america can do , given the will . 
  we are not under-developed in any sense or lacking some key technology . 
  people who downvote you just have no idea how the world is outside our little bubble . 
  ( even though you used some crass language ), 
  you know , perhaps it 's too early for the entire public . 
  but not even some of our meps/congressmen/senators are involved at this point . 
  i sympathise with your position but i have too much personal experience with too many politicians to believe in them enough to trust them the way you do . 
  well , then maybe that 's how this agreement should be made nowadays -- from a political and ideological standpoint among multiple actors * in the open * . 
  the european parliament and council of ministers and the us congress could form temporary joint committees with equal representation which then draft the agreement so it can be passed in both legislative systems , requiring a majority in all chambers . 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  mps accepting laws that are to the disadvantage of their constituents or forcing amendments into laws that are to the disadvantage of others are a completely common occurence and they are not being slandered for life . 
  they might not be re-elected , yes , but thats what we call democracy . 
  all i want is the same kind of openness in intergovernmental affairs . 
  your claims of `` that 's how it was always done , '' however , do n't interest me in the slightest . 
  it 's not like we do n't have already have that in some areas . 
  we know with quite some certainty how climate treaties come about , what countries made what demands and so on . 
  negotiations behind closed doors already give access to corporate insiders . 
  either quite openly or simply because corporations have easier access to the upper echelons of government than regular people . 
  i find your appeasement more than odd . 
  this treaty will end up being domestic law if ratified . 
  i want to know how it came about , what its legislative footprint is , its history . 
  i do n't see why it should be any different from regular domestic laws : there i know what department produced which draft , what amendments were introduced by what mp and so on . 
  no domestic law would ever be passed if it were just presented to parliament in a finished form without any way to change it or learn how it came about . 
  why should that be okay here ? 
  i want to know how the text evolved over time , what passages were introduced by what side , what passages were dropped following whose wishes and so on . 
  in this day and age , you can easily put a version history on a website for the public to scrutinize . 
  there is absolutely no reason why the current state of the negotiations could n't be opened to the public -- both parties already know what the current state is , no side would gain an advantage . 
  no one is asking for tactical information for the upcoming rounds of negotiation . 
  or to put it in the governments ' words : if they have nothing to hide , they have nothing to fear .
