   they could have done tons of things different , the first of all being buying the entirety of the insignificant greek debt at the start of it all . 
  the problem is that the euro treaty has a clause that exempts countries from having to bail each other out . 
  that 's because countries would rather not have to do it , and that 's what happened . 
  do n't want this ? 
  further unify the union so competing interests are n't forced to cooperate . 
  at the end of the day , [ insiders tells us ] ( http://www.sueddeutsche.de/wirtschaft/weg-aus-der-krise-was-in-griechenland-schiefgelaufen-ist-1.2427626 ) ( german article , sorry ) that after syriza 's election , the creditors expected the austerity measures to be relaxed . 
  in return , they also expected syriza to take on special interests that stopped the real measures . 
  unfortunately , syriza only met the first half of their expectations . 
  that 's why the creditors are unrelenting , because syriza , too , do n't seem interested in fixing the real problems . 
  at no point was there an easy way out . 
  greece could have dropped out of the euro and then would have still had to cut back its living standard once its cut off from financial markets . 
  or it could have stayed in with the help of the creditors and cut back and reformed in agreement with its creditors . 
  i agree that turks might go to syria to fight . 
  the problem is that the [ number of fighters from places like turkey or egypt ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/middle-east-and-africa/21614226-why-and-how-westerners-go-fight-syria-and-iraq-it-aint-half-hot-here-mum ) is smaller than the one for europe , despite there being many many more muslims in turkey or egypt . 
  even if these numbers are not entirely correct , there are orders of magnitude difference between them . 
  devaluation hits people who rely on greek cash . 
  the corrupt elites are not those people . 
  i know how deflation works , thank you . 
  either way , the greek economy had shown the first signs of recovery in the second half of 2014 . 
  there are several links in this comment thread corroborating this . 
  evidently , investors were willing to come back at that time . 
  going back to printing drachmas might also make some of them come back , but it 's going to keep greece 's economy dysfunctional . 
  be that as it may , `` we 'll help you out with loans only if you do this and this '' is never a coup . 
  so it * was * going up in 2014 , even according to your graphic . 
  i sympathise with your position but i ca n't condone handing out money without accountability . 
  i consider myself a euro-federalist and i 'd have no problem helping weaker regions financially . 
  in return i must insist on federal oversight and prosecution of corrupt officials and so on and so forth . 
  that respect and solidarity has to go both ways . 
  i do n't think the greek governments were willing to go down that path , and so they could not expect blank cheques , only money with easily enforceable strings attached . 
  it sucks , but that 's the best we all managed at the time . 
  does n't this remind you a bit of the early usa under the articles of confederation ? 
  i sympathise with pirate ideas , and my constituency when i ran for office ( and lost :-d ) in the last election had 2/3 of iceland 's population . 
  so , you can guess how much i think iceland can be generalised . 
  having said that , ireland 's economic trajectory has been very similar to iceland 's despite ireland being shackled to the euro . 
  so , how much does it have to do with all of this , eh ? 
  let 's also not forget that iceland , like ireland , did n't suffer from broken public institutions , but failing banks . 
  not quite greece . 
  in those sentences i ca n't find any concrete explanation about how greece would have been prevented from exercising its sovereign decisions . 
  can you not just concede that greece 's sovereignty was never in question and it could have always told everyone to go fuck themselves if there had been a majority for that course of action in greece ? 
  i do n't know about strangulation , autoasphyxiation maybe . 
  of course , there is some truth to your last paragraph . 
  when you break the pacts you signed , there are repercussions . 
  but greece freely signed up to the common currency and it is not unreasonable to demand that it holds up its end of the deal . 
  it would n't be dependent on foreign monies if it had n't grossly overspent . 
  i do n't think holding a democracy to its promises is the same as its death . 
  i do n't think the moderation here has national quotas to fulfil . 
  do n't let them get to you . 
  i think you 're doing a great job . 
  in that case , the eu has always accepted their sovereignty . 
  the option to not make a deal and go at it alone has always been there . 
  no one would have sent tanks to athens to prevent it . 
   they can get rid of the debt , have a different monetary policy and drastically depreciate their currency . 
  it is not a sufficient solution , but it is now a necessary one . 
  greek interest rate payments as share of gdp [ are very favourable ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/11372369/three-myths-about-greeces-enormous-debt-mountain.html ) . 
  considering greece 's economic situation , the debt is all but deferred . 
  it 's not strangling the country like it did or could have done a few years ago . 
  that means getting rid of the debt will not really be that much of a help . 
  on the other hand , a strongly depreciated currency will make it even harder to pay for greece 's vital imports and it wo n't make its feeble exports much more competitive . 
   of course , even better would be eurobonds and a transfer union , which was what syriza seemed to want . 
  unfortunately the german taxpayer seems not to understand that this is necessary for a monetary union to work . 
  greece 's main problems are its own institutions . 
  permanent transfers from wealthier parts of europe could conceal that fact up to a point , but it would n't be a proper solution . 
  and even if it were one , they could n't be implemented that quickly . 
  the 5p report had a 10 year time-table , but we need something now . 
  i said it was a start , not a great comeback . 
  greece 's problem is not the ballooning debt . 
  the majority of the debt is now held by other public institutions . 
  they 're not private lenders who need profits . 
  the interest rates are very tame . 
  what greece needs are proper reforms . 
  these will not be easier to accomplish outside the ez . 
  when you say , accept their sovereignty , what do you mean by that ? 
  by other greek politicians , following greece 's own laws . 
  hardly a coup . 
  in america , only neo-cons would be celebrating . 
  the rest of the establishment would prefer europe to get its shit together and become a more coherent and thus stronger ally -- because we are natural allies . 
  what you 're describing is not what i would call a recovery . 
  it 'll continue to be a dysfunctional economy that does n't serve the interests of most of greece 's inhabitants . 
  yes , [ it actually did ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/11/28/greece-gdp-idusa8n0sb02220141128 ) . 
  i rarely state things i ca n't back up , you know . 
  it was n't glorious , but it was a start . 
  there is no reason to believe greece would recover faster outside the ez . 
  it 's biggest problems are home-grown , not externally imposed . 
  argentina is still suffering after well over a decade and it is a comparably big country with a lot of natural resources . 
  greece has already gone through an internal devaluation . 
  job are in very very high demand , anyone willing to invest in greece could already do so at a discount . 
  further external devaluation will not fix the remaining problems . 
  * maybe * it would have made sense to drop out 5 years ago . 
  now , not so much . 
  what is holding the country back now are dysfunctional public institutions . 
  cheaper money wo n't fix it and it also wo n't bring any more gifts to greece . 
  it 'll just make it easier to hide the consequences . 
  i think you are over-estimating the negative consequences of staying in the ez and under-estimating those of leaving . 
  the greek economy showed the first signs of growth just before syriza was elected . 
  it could have continued like that . 
  on the other hand , after an exit greece would have even more problems paying for its important imports and would in return not have that much to export . 
  it wo n't be pretty . 
   do they want to remain in the ez and be subjected to further even more severe austerity or leave the eurozone * and be subjected to further even more severe austerity * ? 
  ftfy the greek state does not have the resources to provide what its government had promised . 
  not in the ez , and even less outside of it .
