  ( also i was picturing a niqab , the burqa apparently does n't even show eyes . ), 
  you 're right , a burqa is only hint at being a follower of radical islam , it could just be someone who likes covering up yet still follows mainstream islam . 
  ( like your friend ) it 's odd to me now your friend would rather wear a burqa than a niqab lol, 
  come on , surely you ca n't just say you essentially have to be a wahabbi jihadist before being called radical right ? 
  i maintain that a burqa is pretty radical for various reasons , one of them being that it is out of the norm . 
  ( a burqa is the black all over except for the eye slit , just making sure we 're on the same page ), 
  it is radical islam . 
  the vast majority is muslim women in the west wear hijab or no head covering . 
  burqa is definitely radical islam . 
  radical can mean far from the centre ( the norm i guess ) . 
  for example , a communist is a radical leftist in most countries . 
  a muslim woman wearing a burqa ( rather than the hijab which only covers hair and shoulders ) in western europe is pretty radical . 
  shhh shh look up borat mankini and you 'll be happy, 
  europe is a geographical location , not some club of first world/white/christian countries . 
  but isis is dropping all these sick nasheeds , is n't that music ? 
  that is ridiculous , barbaric and completely unnecessary 2 . 
  it means nothing to the terrorists , and will not deter them in any way . 
  the koran allows you to eat pig meat and break general islamic rules if you ca n't help it . 
  dead people ca n't help it . 
  mostly called knackers if being derogatory , travellers if being neutral . 
  yeah i can agree with that, 
  in fairness i have n't been in all that many taxis as i mostly use the bus so i might not have the full picture . 
  i was chatting to a cabbie once about how drunk people ruin entire days of productivity because they 'd puke and he 'd have to spend money and time getting it cleaned properly . 
  it left me the impression that they would n't want to drive horrible smelly cars all day either . 
  it appears then that people ought to be mad at this monopoly system ( yes i know the taxi lobbyists will hinder this ) and do their best to overturn it rather than left uber exploit people . 
  it 's a chance to reduce evil rather than pick a different evil, 
  why are taxis seemingly so awful everywhere ? 
  every taxi i 've been in in ireland has been super clean ... why are us ones so bad as well ? 
  do n't see poor christians , hindus and buddhists becoming extremist in the west . 
  why are muslims so special ? 
  i think it 's more to do with the war, 
  see i do n't think there would be much will while bombings go on  so you compound past grievances with current ones , circle of hate . 
  i 'm not ethnically irish so i ca n't relate to the famine in the same way , but yeah older generations probably hold some grudges . 
  almost no one in this generation though , it would indeed be ridiculous . 
  take little stock in neither i guess . 
  both the jokes and love wagon are shallow enough, 
  so it is causing animosity still was what i was saying . 
  they talked about uniting muslim lands after the westerners divided them, 
  you still have n't really explained why it should not be policy . 
  also , it does n't require years to be proficient enough for the proposed test . 
  my friend has osgood schlatter haha, 
  i saw an isis guy shout about sykes-picot in a frontline video about them ... he said it while tearing down a fence at the iraq-syria border . 
  the bible is n't all teaching of jesus though . 
  or words of god or jesus . 
  i thought the quran was words given to muhammad in a mountain cave by an angel . 
  which he memorised perfectly as h was illiterate, 
  no way , my friend told me that the quran is perfectly preserved throughout history , not a word changed because they got many many super pious men to recite it out , all of them said the same thing and they continued it . 
  ( yeah it seems unlikely it would stay perfect but it 's a big deal ) it seems to me a very big deal that all muslims use the same quran , even if different authors/editors interpret words differently . 
  just answer my question , why do you think it 's unreasonable ? 
  i know it 's perfectly possible to learn after immigrating , i 've done it myself as a kid a few times . 
  but the ideal is to learn before going . 
  lol just lol @ lumping the ira with four lions . 
  is scots like aavl ( black american speech ) ? 
  you can understand them but they have a lot of terms normal english counts as slang, 
  uhh how are you going to be able to do those things the poster above mentioned while learning ? 
  and why do you even think it 's unreasonable to have this rule , it makes good sense . 
  what stops people learning it before immigrating ? 
  a1 is absolute beginner , i passed an a1 test learning french for 1 day a week for about 2 months . 
  mostly fucked around in that module too . 
  't was piss easy, 
  * than then means they join isis and come back and join the british army , pretty big difference man, 
  islamist radicals should be treated like pedophiles , on a list and kept away from other radicals ( no contact ) just like pedos are kept away from kids . 
  raising the birth rate to 2 per woman is replacement rate , not growth . 
  lower than 2 and you have population decline ( without external actors ), 
  if that 's what you 're into you little worm , i 'll stick with my midget porn thank you very much . 
  no , that 's too high a bar of evidence , but you still ca n't just assume . 
  you hold the trial to work through the details you mentioned . 
  see you 're right up until the ` people who went in syria ' but the next bit needs to be proven , not assumed . 
  heh i would have just went to tumblr . 
  my erdogan is plenty happy with it , way more than reddit, 
  this is true . 
  women entering the workplace and the subsequent effects on the economy also contribute . 
  but this does n't mean that women should n't get the right to work and be independent , and it does n't mean free market capitalism needs to be scrapped . 
  democratic socialist policies could fix this problem in a much better , long term way than band aid immigration . 
  this is where the social aspect of incentivisation can come in . 
  think about how much companies work to promote consumerism . 
  a fraction of that kind of effort would raise birth rates i bet . 
  yeah if we are so desperate for a workforce in europe we should be introducing more training programs type shit , not just hope foreign countries will feed us skilled people . 
  let those skilled people contribute and improve their own homes too, 
  so when the west bombs the middle east , it is an inevitability that muslims will get radicalised . 
  when people say mean things about muslims , it is an inevitability that they will get radicalised . 
  this is just accepted by leftists , with no discussion around how it is inevitable . 
  which is fair enough . 
  but when people in france get radicalised by terrorist attacks , these people are literal nazis that were and always will be evil and stupid and scum ... ? 
  just screams of double standards . 
  what if you suspect someone is a suicide bomber ? 
  damn , did n't think i 'd find a russian calling russia a third world country, 
   making raising kids an easier option this would fall under that . 
  using immigration seems like such a short sighted way to go about fixing the problem of a diminishing youth . 
  eventually the places immigrants come from will have low birth rate too . 
  we should encourage having children in social and economic ways ( with incentives ) until the replacement rate is met . 
  what about thieves ? 
  why in the name of god is immigration the only thing ever suggested as a means to combat low birth rate ? 
  what happened to trying to make raising kids easier and a more attractive option ? 
  i do n't know man , would you be loyal to your country if half of your countrymen were islamist child rapists ? 
  they do n't have a sense of nationalism, 
  doubt they were that shocked , she knew he was radicalised already ... 
  it 's le edge, 
  i was reading anna karenina and i had no idea france was so revered by russian elites until now ... 
  i wish i was taught even a little history from other countries in school .
