  it 's a bit weird but i would n't care if it was on cctv . 
  what would you do exactly that you do n't want caught on tape ? 
  no i watched it a while ago sorry, 
  it was a show about gay people , one of them was a muslim , he walked through a myslim neighbourhood and you can see them, 
  they still happen , i saw it on bbc in show by reggie yates, 
  ( gone haram gone jihad ), 
  hehe le united caliphate amirite ? 
  the difference is that deporting natives is n't feasible while stopping immigration is . 
  sweden is n't socialist . 
  if you can own land other than for the purpose of living in it , it 's not socialist . 
  ( private property ) personal property is stuff like toothbrushes and shit , you can own that in socialism . 
  be glad you do n't actually live in a socialist place . 
  mmm but most indians you know left the country, 
  source ? 
  why are you so defensive ? 
  it 's almost a certainty that whites will either be a very much reduced minority in the future ( not too soon though ) . 
  white skin is a recessive trait , like being ginger or blue eyed . 
  i do n't think they 'll ever go extinct though , that 's very unlikely . 
  and the op did n't even say this was a bad thing , you just did . 
  ah thanks . 
  i get the dutch being efficient with land part but where does the irish not handling weather part come from ? 
  i 'm do n't understand the meaning behind it , can someone explain ? 
  haha `` every now and then '' my arse . 
  why do you call them `` ghettoes '' ? 
  are all of them poor ? 
  pssh go call someone a poohead in the uk and then we 'll talk about extremes, 
  i see you like your juxtaposition lol, 
  how the hell do you know all this `` storm front '' stuff ? 
  do you visit it everyday so you can accuse people of going there ? 
  yes, 
  one is the default and a sucky situation , the other requires active change to what people see as a sucky situation . 
  its pretty simple bru . 
  i was not commenting about gay stuff , only about single parent stuff, 
  rights are a social construction entirely up to the people to decide on though , they 're not the damn unbreakable vow magic type shite . 
  a right is just writing on paper until the people decide to recognize it . 
  single parent households generally do have worse outcomes for the kids you know . 
  but that 's due to myriad reasons , one of which is there being only one parent . 
  your country has gone to shit though ... 
  it was the gays was n't it hmmmmmmm ? 
  is n't it ?!, 
  meh , it is a trend . 
  now trans people are the hip thing . 
  people just differ on if the trend is good or bad . 
  what field operations do the italian forces conduct ? 
  do you know much about it ? 
  how would you even go about finding that out ? 
  you think a paper is just going to say , `` women cause losses '' ? 
  it would need to be studied and there need to be people studying it in the first place, 
  the insight is pretty neat , and it shows that just because germany has n't been attacked yet does n't mean the intention is not there . 
  it proves the people saying france only got attacked because they were meaner to muslims wrong . 
  just a matter of time ... 
  about on par with rupees ( india ) ... wow, 
  lelelelele muh freedom is speech is not freedom from consequences lelelelele you see ? 
  these are consequences , that are not government endorsed and yet they are still here . 
  this is why freedom of speech needs to be protected . 
  this is why people should n't get mobbed for having unpopular views , or intimidated and pushed around or fired over mob outrage . 
  people asked for this when they were so lax about other incidences of silencing but they were ok with because it was leftist students . 
  well now you see the other side of the deal with the devil of silencing speech . 
  lol because kebab has the same historical and present connotations as `` nigger '' they use baguette `` remove baguette '' for france , it 's not a racist thing . 
  shit man i got my fingerprint taken goin to disneyland , someone needs to update these refugees about this, 
  everyone is dancing around the real , clear big brown elephant in the room , and that is of course skin colour and general features . 
  this is something which will take time more than anything , the ` natives ' ( white dutch ) will need to feel that the ethnically turkish ones have an equal sort of claim to the land . 
  and for that , it will take time . 
  so i think that 's why assimilation is asking a bit much , especially the ` identifying as dutch ' part . 
  that part really is n't as much of a choice as people here are making out . 
  it 's hugely up to the natives too . 
  think about every time some - insert legal nationality - muslim does a terrorist attack . 
  you have people falling over themselves to say ... oh yes , a `` nationality '' person named mahmoud , 100 % `` nationality '' there xd xd so the best we can ask of people is to learn the language and be fluent completely in it , live with all types of people , not form enclaves and try to make the values of the country your own too . 
  what a load of bollocks . 
  europe broke through two world wars and bounced back , i think itll be just fine, 
  because they dont want their position to be `` i want to kill babies '' . 
  its all in language , how we say terminate rather than kill ( even though we kill bacteria , which people like to compare a foetus to ) it would be a lot more intellectually honest if they doubled down on it , and straight up stated that killing babies is fine if the mother wants to . 
  then we have a proper debate about what matters more . 
  i see some saying just that , which is good . 
  pikeys are travelers , or just poor white people . 
  kind of like `` white trash '' in america i guess . 
  reputation for wearing track suits , drinking , shouting on public transport etc etc also speak a certain way , but now t all pikeys , and not all who speak like that are pikeys, 
  the first one is pretty cool except for the top left bit . 
  why do extremists get the coolest flags ? 
  nah this cart has been pushed down the hill , it 's not stopping now . 
  betcha you germans will still get loads of them, 
  why are the left wingers throwing rocks at police , when it is the far right they are protesting ? 
  do they want police to shut them down ? 
  why do you go there ? 
  haha get large enough numbers of them , keep ignoring them , and see what happens . 
  really not a good way to run a country . 
  but censoring people means the art wo n't get made at all , rather than be less visible but still discoverable . 
  there is a huge difference between censoring and subsidizing, 
  as long as the shitshow they call a revolution is going well , it 's socialism , and as soon as the real consequences of the shitshow surface ... nope , not socialism . 
  and they 'll bring up dictionary definitions and cite socialist works ... but where was all that when you were sucking the `` comrade '' cock ? 
  lol you dont see people saying be nice to racists ar theyll becime full blown nazis , why is this different to radical jihadist types ? 
  hey make sure you take pictures man , people ought to know whats going on, 
  has trump said anything anti-black already ? 
  i dont like how asian is used ... i doubt its laotians and indians doing this shit, 
  nah alcohol is always a luxury , its not exactly a winderfood is it ? 
  that said , its still denying stuff to poor people more than the market would, 
  its not too much rouble to ask for comrade !, 
  shhhh let them have this . 
  they 've agreed to have a niggling little needle in them now for the next 50 years at least , if the middle east stays in conflict especially . 
  because refugees wont ever bring down a country like germany or really affect it much at all , just a new problem to cope with .
