at this point though if you have whole areas of just muslims/pakistanis , the problem is n't immigration , it 's that these people have established separate communities , and have little incentive to ` integrate ' . 
  so how can they be integrated ? 
  i do n't think they can , really . 
  it 's like a friend i know , who has a foreign accent even though he was born in ireland ... meanwhile i got here when i was older and you 'd never tell i was n't irish from listening to me . 
  i guess little pakistan would n't be so bad if not for some crappy koran laws, 
  do you hate fat people ? 
  so basically you 're saying they do n't mix because they 're poor and because they 're muslim ? 
  what about the poor and non muslim , do they integrate ? 
  i do n't understand what you want done to ` integrate ' them , we ca n't just make them all richer, 
  ca n't argue with that, 
  it 's a t.v , radio and iplayer tax really , and although you can snake around to not pay it , the way it 's set up essentially forces people to pay it . 
  which picture is ireland in ? 
  i ca n't find it, 
  it could be because the girls go there and get raped , while the guys go there and probably kill people . 
  both are absolute fucking idiots though . 
  no i mean if a lot of important businesses from other countries , such as france and germany started going to tax havens they will miss the income and may try to get them back . 
  it could be through new legislation , or it could be by reducing tax themselves , which would be pretty bad for the average person while being good for companies . 
  look on the bright side !, 
  you 'll get an even bigger pension when it 's your time ... right ? 
  it was old saying in tennessee - i know it 's in texas , probably in tennessee -, 
  sancho is my favourite sidekick in any book ever , got ta love the bastard, 
  perhaps not , apparently france has some civil union thing going on . 
  [ source from reuters ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-france-population-idusl1406071420080115 ) i looked it up because i was surprised about that statement, 
  it would be even more pragmatic to build neighbourhoods with all the signs in arabic too , and put some mosques there , all on the taxpayers shoulders because that 's just pragmatic . 
  might help if you toned down the shitty sarcasm , dumbass . 
  what are you even trying to say with your sputtering little outburst ? 
  sensible swiss vote sensibly, 
  it 's pronounced fall because of the fada ( dash on the a , extends the vowel ), 
  this guy must be an anti-russia shill , my friend from russia says its ok , and she 's not some rich person either . 
  that 's the point , it 's not your house . 
  a business open to the public is subject to different laws , you ca n't discriminate like that . 
  it 's annoying because it 's rarely ever indians or chinese , it 's generally pakistani or bangladeshis ( who used to be part of pakistan ), 
  do n't forget secular , feminist and pro-socialism !, 
  i do n't believe that stuff , but i do believe that people can be completely evil cunts who will delude themselves until they think killing people and starting wars is ok . like nixon and kissinger breaking american law to aid pakistan against india . 
  read the blood telegram , it 's straight from the horses mouth , plain facts . 
  nixon was prepared to let thousands of people get entangled in conflicts because he wanted the u.s to appear tough to the soviets and to china . 
  the populace of america are just like any other , mostly decent people , some shitheads . 
  but the people at the top are also just people , they can be complete cunts , and they have a crazy amount of power . 
  obama is probably not like that , but who knows what kind of person will be elected in the future ? 
  careful now, 
  uhh violence is n't owned by the nazis , in ireland recently some far leftists attacked protestors from pegida, 
  well yeah , but it 's a meaningless statement , he ca n't be wrong if does n't say a time frame . 
  i was thinking that too , but is there no female imam for the women 's section in normal mosques ? 
  it 's just a man leading it and a bunch of women with their ass in the air in front of him ( i do n't think it 's wrong but they 're supposed to be conservative right ? 
  so the previous situation was this : one mosque , men and women pray in different rooms . 
  the current situation is this : completely separate mosque for women only , men and women are not even in the same building . 
  how is this progress ? 
  is it something to do with letting women have the importance of a whole mosque ? 
  why did n't you just call it a continental problem ? 
  britain is in europe after all . 
  true , i suspect economics is the biggest factor . 
  these gypsies are probably poorer than average , and the poorer people are , the more likely that they are involved in crime and generally worse to live around . 
  i guess the solution is to make them richer , but to do that sustainably you need to educate them , but you ca n't educate them because the schools they go to are shit , and the schools they go to are shit because they 're poor ... 
  they call this gentrification though do n't they ? 
  like i doubt the people living there could afford the new prices ... 
  well , it 's easy to talk about what those other people should be doing . 
  but when it comes to herself , well got ta be realistic now do n't we ? 
  it 's a common sentiment from collectivist/leftist types . 
  is white flight a new thing in the netherlands ? 
  i hear about it from americans on here . 
  no i 'm not . 
  there 's not many redheads in ireland , it 's truth . 
  and go fuck yourself you cunt . 
  you 're cabbage . 
  there 's not many redheads in ireland . 
  most people here are brown haired . 
  that 's a meaningless statement , seeing as it 's only the workers who provide the basic income in the first place . 
  the guy has idiotic , ignorant views which are directly linked to his age and current ( lack ) of employment and education . 
  so workers have to simply support all these people sitting on their ass ? 
  no thanks . 
   farming is one of the easiest jobs you can do  you have flexible work hours and an average work maybe 1 day a week i wonder what this guy is smoking  what i actually do is just live with my parents and collect welfare ... 
  i am 18 well , there it is . 
  what do ships generally eat for dinner ? 
  typical of the guardian i guess . 
  if we want facts we 'll need to read the source material . 
  why are the graphs presented seemingly picked at random ? 
  like for sweden it shows how the prescription rates are low , but it does n't show that graph for ireland . 
  probably , that 's their attitude . 
  i do n't know what 's so hard about carrying garbage in a plastic bag or something until you get to a bin . 
  how do you know if the firing range is important or not ? 
  ending poverty is separate to ending smoking . 
  i have other plans for ending poverty , friend , 
  my master plan , ( thank you i think it 's quite clever too ) is to make smoking so inconvenient that people will just not do it . 
  already most young people do n't take up smoking , it should be kept that way . 
  smoking harms many people , and you will thank me when you quit  if you 're mad at me , that 's ok , you 'll never catch me with your damaged lungs !, 
  but maybe someday after you quit you could !, 
  no , we need to ban more things . 
  however people get very mad about outright bans , so it is better to incrementally `` ban '' things . 
  i wholeheartedly support making it very inconvenient to smoke for everyone . 
  you can thank me later when you are enjoying nice lungfuls of clean air and your cilia finally beat again as they should . 
  high five !, 
  smokers are often poor , i shall keep helping them . 
  and how awful , you even rarely smoke in closed public spaces . 
  now that will actually cause cancer . 
  every smoker needs help quitting . 
  you can help every smoker by voting for good anti smoking laws , 
  why not ? 
  helping people quit smoking is a great thing !, 
  why are you not enthusiastic about helping people ? 
  i 'm not hysteric about cancer , i did n't even mention it ,
