  all i got was ireland and world war 2 and ancient history really . 
  but i can correct that now !, 
  you have it right . 
  the people banging on about reddiquette know that everyone votes the way you stated . 
  it is how reddit works, 
  because i 'm easy come , easy go , little high , little low , anyway the wind blows does n't really matter to me , to me . 
  mama , just killed a man , put a gun against his head , pulled my trigger , now he 's dead . 
  mama , life had just begun , but now i 've gone and thrown it all away . 
  mama , ooh , did n't mean to make you cry , if i 'm not back again this time tomorrow , carry on , carry on as if nothing really matters . 
  too late , my time has come , sent shivers down my spine , body 's aching all the time . 
  goodbye , everybody , i 've got to go , got ta leave you all behind and face the truth . 
  mama , ooh ( anyway the wind blows ) , i do n't wan na die , i sometimes wish i 'd never been born at all . 
  i see a little silhouetto of a man , scaramouche , scaramouche , will you do the fandango ? 
  thunderbolt and lightning , very , very frightening me . 
  ( galileo ) galileo . 
  ( galileo ) galileo , galileo figaro magnifico . 
  i 'm just a poor boy , nobody loves me . 
  he 's just a poor boy from a poor family , spare him his life from this monstrosity . 
  easy come , easy go , will you let me go ? 
  bismillah !, 
  no , we will not let you go . 
  ( let him go ! ), 
  bismillah !, 
  we will not let you go . 
  ( let him go ! ), 
  bismillah !, 
  we will not let you go . 
  will not let you go . 
  never , never let you go never let me go , oh . 
  no , no , no , no , no , no , no . 
  beelzebub has a devil put aside for me , for me , for me . 
  so you think you can stone me and spit in my eye ? 
  so you think you can love me and leave me to die ? 
  oh , baby , ca n't do this to me , baby , just got ta get out , just got ta get right outta here . 
  ( oh , yeah , oh yeah ) nothing really matters , anyone can see , nothing really matters , nothing really matters to me . 
  anyway the wind blows . 
  how is house ownersp useless ? 
  is it impossible to sell the house or something?hi, 
  i 'm so sorry, 
  can you not understand the sentence or do you think it is untrue ? 
  here 's a similar sentence . 
  infertile people do n't have kids . 
  could you get that ? 
  wow . 
  it 's ridiculous to expect that a doctor who does n't know the language , ( and know it quite well , along with all relevant medical terminology ) can just up and transfer their skills and get a job in germany . 
  at best they can help the asylum seekers by themselves . 
  he 's right about these kind of shitposts being annoying though , the mosquito analogy would work better if you were the ` eeeeeee ' sound they make ( rather than sucking blood ) . 
  it would be nice if everyone put at least a little effort into their posts instead of the circlejerky type you added . 
  i 'm not trying to attack you , i 've shitposted plenty , but i 'm just saying the guy is right . 
  stick and carrot . 
  make sugar cost more , and make good food cost less, 
  why would any potential idiot wanting to join isis trust these people over actual video evidence such as isis propaganda showing beheadings ? 
  and if someone believes those videos and still wants to join isis they 're evil scumbags , not just stupid . 
  i thought chavs were unemployed ? 
  huh , i did n't know that . 
  what professions are respected and well paid in lithuania ? 
  i thought doctors were generally a safe bet . 
  holy shit ... and i thought i had it good because it 's 3k euros per year here in ireland . 
  it 's still amazing compared to what the americans in my class pay but goddamn 184 per year is too good to be true, 
  - __ - it 's cheaper . 
  it 's easy enough that children can competently do it . 
  children do n't know shit about their rights and can be easily screwed over . 
  that 's a good point , so i guess the question is why the most studied subjects in germany are good for job prospects and in other countries not so much . 
  culture ? 
  the way the education system is set up ? 
  heh , as someone who just did 4 deferred exams ( and did well enough ) because i was ill for most of the first term ... lecturers are barely a bonus . 
  nice to have but you can learn almost anything you want given time and effort . 
  however you 're right about certain subjects , i can only speak of my own . 
  what 's worse is that if you want to just educate yourself , you do n't need to go to college . 
  it 's not like colleges have special secret books , there 's a whole wide world out there with books on all the topics you want , and then the internet on top of that . 
  do medicine , always need more doctors, 
  is education free in france ? 
  it seems crazy to me that people would pay money and spend years on something which leaves them no better off for the future . 
  how ? 
  every account of anarchism i 've seen seems to just involve mob rule . 
  people can apparently live and vote as `` communities '' and if someone fucks up/murders etc the community just ... votes them out . 
  how can this not be abused ? 
  i should have learned german . 
  best female pm britain ever had, 
  i 'll never trust / r/unitedkingdom again , they had me utterly convinced brexit had no chance . 
  this is a specific beach . 
  hardly universal . 
  hell even if it was in all beaches it would n't be universal . 
  for example you ca n't walk around in underwear in disneyland , or playgrounds etc etc, 
  oh , silly me , i thought beach volleyball players were supposed to be good at beach volleyball ... 
  theres only so long someone can be a recluse . 
  even islam allows muslims to `` break '' it 's laws if there 's no other option . 
  and because literally every religion has been interpreted whichever is way is convenient , i 'm sure these super devout muslim women we keep worrying about will excuse themselves . 
  state decided what we wear or not anyway . 
  you ca n't teach children in underpants only can you ? 
  no doubt , but there 's whining about everything nowadays with the internet giving a platform to every whiny cunt , and echo chambers convincing them they 're right . 
  so do you pronounce them as fud and gud , or as foood and goood ? 
  doubt it , seeing as how english people can adopt based on race , gender , age , disability etc etc, 
  you can , dylan has got it wrong . 
  only government employees have this rule . 
  not the general public . 
  you 've got this wrong by a fair bit . 
  only public employees like teachers , government clerks etc ca n't wear religious symbols . 
  the general public can wear whatever they want . 
  it 's not a real choice if they get persecuted for not covering up .
