  heres how you argue as a reddit leftist : 1 . 
  assume everyone not parroting your own views is a bigot . 
  read `` between the lines '' of every statement with your assumptions . 
  make a strawman out of these readings and accuse them of bigotry . 
  now the point is entirely diverted , and the person is left trying to correct these assumptions , while the leftist repeats the above process . 
  people barely vote for their own national elections , federalization would be horrible . 
  especially if self righteous leftists take over thinking everything they do is for `` the good of the people '', 
  catholic schools do not preach it . 
  source : went to catholic school , only went to church twice in 5 years and entirely by choice . 
  ( only got the opportunity to go twice ) in religion class we learned about the big five religions of christianity , islam , judaism , hinduism and buddhism . 
  we went into most detail on christianity and islam . 
  so stop assuming christian schools are like islamic schools . 
  they are different faiths , just because theyre both religion does not make them the same . 
  or communist, 
  why would you support more centralization of power if you know how plutocracy works ? 
  ( your flair ), 
  now kith, 
  well it is the joker ... i doubt the poster endorsed this `` sending a message '' viewpoint, 
  guess what ? 
  it makes no sense to wholeheartedly embrace polls right after a terrorist attack while downplaying polls about normal life , which are much more representative of life with the vast majority of muslims . 
  no that revolution was state socialism , which means the state controls everything pretty much . 
  and the only stuff you can own is personal belongings and the house you live in . 
  this is why communism wont ever exist on a country wide scale , it is a unicorn . 
  it requires abolishment of the state, 
  but the state still existed , is communism not stateless ? 
  the state just seized land , and nationalized a whole load of businesses, 
  except fn was pro putin before russian banks made it mainstream amd uncool . 
  fn are putin hipsters, 
  did you really have communism ? 
  it seems like a unicorn at this point . 
  and then the hole is fixed , then you turn the water back on ( because why would you fix a hole in a pipe you dont use ) , and no muslims will escape us !, 
  oh er ... you wanted less of them ? 
  wow unemployment benefits are miniscule . 
  you are right , with the rhetoric the government uses , it is very misleading . 
  someone with the skill should make that pie an easily spreadable image ( we all know barely any people read links ), 
  how come an indian flair guy is so often in / r/europe ? 
  do you live in europe or are you simply interested in the continent ? 
  what do you mean `` lost '' ? 
  what actually happened ? 
  you need to tone down your rhetoric , you sound like a nutter, 
  wtf . 
  the guy literally just made vague speculations and youre accepting it as fact and being all outraged ... 
  thanks , that was a dumb mistake, 
  fairly ignorant to assume i know nothing from one sentence . 
  i knew about nationalists and unionists/loyalists , i wasnt sure if people found it insulting as online communities arent the same as the people i hang out with . 
  now get off my back you cunts, 
  i live here , if thats what youre trying to contest . 
  besides , its all different points of view and the opposite of seperatist is unionist which is all i said . 
  theres unionists and theres unionists . 
  / pol / was right !, 
  but seriously fuck quotas and shit like this . 
  when do teachers even talk about their sexuality ? 
  makes sense . 
  i wonder why people downvoted me lol , is it insulting to say nationalist ? 
  thankfully not every country 's populace is as easily corruptible as germany 's . 
  as history has shown of course . 
  the poster is exactly what many minority communities actually put into practice . 
  local leaders rally the block to all vote a certain way . 
  see : britian and postal voting . 
  the local leader goes around collecting peoples vote and hands it in . 
  the poster is calling the lazies to actually make their voice heard, 
  why can the population at large change views but politicians can not ? 
  til hitler loved pumpkin spice and uggs . 
  the opposite of seperatist is unionist . 
  i know that people wanting to stay with the uk were called unionists/loyalists . 
  could such a word exist ??!, 
  ^ unionists, 
  he killed the guy based on skin colour, 
  hahaha what do all the penises have to do with head rolling ? 
  what country ? 
  and what traditions ? 
  what would you know about strength , you who is afraid of letting your other emotions take over . 
  there 's passion in anger , and in passion there 's strength too . 
  this is nature , a force . 
  by letting anger take over you break the bonds society places you in . 
  its cathartic to destroy . 
  when you cry it 's just desperation and weakness pouring out . 
  seriously , join the dark side, 
  yes but you can train yourself to react in a different way , like smashing things which feels very nice too , or convert all negative emotions into anger so that you feel more strong than helpless . 
  crying just makes you look like a wimp and weak . 
  join the dark side, 
  why is crying a good thing . 
  it does n't help anyone , is loud and coarse and gets everywhere, 
  ah ok thanks !, 
  so i 've seen some isis videos and it sounds like they 're saying that word : `` takfir ! '', 
  and then the crowd chants `` allahu akbar '' , what does it mean in this context ? 
  haha the translator sounds like he/she is mocking cameron . 
  i think this is dumb and helps no one . 
  in fact , it will encourage muslims to go to places specifically catered to them only rather than going to a general store everyone goes to . 
  it is a blow ( however small ) to integration . 
  the problem is , the same people who lament this kind of stuff not being built will shout out `` not with my tax dollars '' when anything remotely cool , or `` extra '' is built by the government . 
  how is it simple neglect ? 
  the comment says that the landowners seized food , using the threat of force most likely . 
  three years is a long time for ~ 20 year olds though , plenty of time to change politics anyway, 
  i do n't really buy her story that it 's only about sexualisation . 
  there are plenty of pretty women who deal with it without resorting to complete concealment . 
  there 's different clothes that cover up curves just fine . 
  there has to be an aspect of following conservative islam for her to choose a niqab over more conventional methods . 
  in the end it does n't really matter to me , it 's just sad that she was made to feel that was necessary . 
  oh i understand what you mean now .
