  i 'm saying it does n't ignore other elements , and it does n't need to . 
  and i also said that it would be in specific places that the smokers need to be kept away from , like entrances . 
  the general idea is to stamp out smoking altogether , death by a million cuts or whatever . 
  make it so that its so inconvenient to smoke , barely anyone will be bothered doing it . 
  ideas like this might sound nice and vindicating , but they 're not very practical . 
  what are you going to do when some obese diabetic has a foot rotting away and needs amputation ? 
  tell them to fuck off and eat less ? 
  refuse to treat them ? 
  if i 'm going to step in shit i 'd rather step in a smaller rather than a larger amount of shit . 
  it 's good to stop this smoking pollution ( at entrances , near children etc ) , and it 's good to stop pollution from other sources too . 
  how is this going to work without controls on rent pricing ? 
  antifa, 
  yeah i think so too . 
  mine has three toilets , two upstairs and one under the stairs . 
  when i went to switzerland and france i noticed there were only one but we were staying in tiny apartments so i figured most others lived in `` normal '' houses . 
  you ca n't say that about `` europe '' , it 's not true at all to only have one shower , most have two at least . 
  not common at all in ireland . 
  i 've never seen a nude person at the beach or swimming . 
  no thank you . 
  more centralisation of power means my individual voice matters even less than it does , it removes democracy . 
  i do n't want to live in a system like america 's . 
  and they should get it . 
  they take way more refugees and migrants than the rest of europe . 
  or we could actually enforce the eu borders but no one wants to do that ... 
  that 's not true at all , under socialism private property is abolished . 
  you can keep your toothbrush ( personal property ) but you wo n't ever own land . 
  you wo n't ever be rich in socialism , it goes against socialism to be rich . 
  no , because a federal europe would still be dominated by the biggest nations like germany , they could decide to let in all the migrants too . 
  ahh , you are a nationalist . 
  many people see nationalism as bad , and say it would need to be eroded to truly unite europe . 
  there is not a huge difference between socialism and communism , it 's like a continuum, 
  i ca n't access the article , was the bomb threat made on twitter or did 14 individual schools receive info of a bomb threat ? 
  what i want to know is if 14 different threats were identified or just one that was vague/broad, 
  haha i 've seen it already on / r/ireland , it 's quality shitposting, 
  you know what they said when asked about who would do shitty jobs like cleaning in a communist world ? 
  they said some people would be assigned it . 
  ok , fair enough , force will be used but it 's not much different than in capitalism where you 're forced by necessity sometimes . 
  and then one said that in a socialist world everyone will enjoy work , and will need no incentive whatsoever . 
  nope , no extra reward needed for extra work ( too capitalist you see ) , people will just like shovelling shit . 
  yeah that 's a liberal , it is the correct word . 
  far lefties hate liberals , they generally are collectivist and more often than not , this translates into statism practically , even though they bleat on and on about a `` classless , stateless society '', 
  oh no you did n't danskjavlar !, 
  people in antifa are not usually liberal ... in fact i bet most of them hate liberals . 
  ( remember liberal means capitalist basically , conservatives and democrats in america are liberals ) listen to the song `` love me i 'm a liberal '' by phil ochs, 
  hey do n't bring me into your nordic troubles dutchman !, 
  brits are the worst, 
  topping the equality ranks , as if that even means anything in the west . 
  it 's all much of a muchness , not even pertinent . 
  anarchists are a joke . 
  they 're such a joke that even communists executed them lmao, 
  it 's accepted because 1 . poor/in need men 's lives matter less , 2 . 
  they will likely be a bigger burden/risk , 3 . 
  people are less sympathetic to men rather than kids and women , 4 . 
  some people think men should fight ( see how people say `` fighting age men '' . 
  it is fucked up but it 's poor men being harmed so no one really cares . 
  i say poor specifically because some cunt feminist is gon na come here and talk about male tears or some shit and spout off ceo stats, 
  so are all these young guys the first sons in their families or something ? 
  i assume the older men are staying with their family, 
  lmao have some pictures of hot women in combat fatigues and you can do whatever the fuck you want apparently, 
  why would you want to devolve power even further than it already is ? 
  oh man i heard france was in a little trouble but a civil war !? 
  where are all the french refugees going ? 
  it would be worse if it had the euro so yeah the eu can be blamed just fine by the english at least . 
  a country which does n't have the euro lmao, 
  the church accepts it, 
  it is a political ideology , you 're a fool to deny it . 
  the quran itself has its own version of laws which many muslims would like implemented . 
  to call them just a demographic is ridiculous , asian is a demographic , black is a demographic because these things suggest nothing about their political views . 
  but muslim is not just a demographic , as islam is a political and religious ideology . 
  sorry , islam is not just a demographic . 
  it is very much a political ideology too . 
  yep , the sun is a shining beacon of journalism, 
  the reporters are all left leaning though , of course they 're free, 
  take em with you !, 
  and your neighbourhood has already been replicated , 
  lmao throw an atomic bomb . 
  just chuck em over there nick, 
  i just realised my room is like 7th floor , looking at the picture makes it seem so bare but my room does n't feel that way to me . 
  although i do have a study desk which adds a little . 
  my favourites have got to be the upper few with the old ladies, 
  maybe you should fight for your country , set up or join a political youth group and get involved to change the direction your country is going, 
  an italian here told me a saying : there are two types of fascists , the fascists and the anti-fascists, 
  perhaps they want a mexican situation like in the us , where undocumented workers get no benefits at all but still pay tax as they have to survive and work . 
  in germany many of the migrants are undocumented and gone missing . 
  missing people do n't cost anything . 
  but yeah i think this is pretty far fetched and unlikely . 
  i think your point on surveillance is wrong , it does n't have to be simply for the sake of surveillance . 
  they might really believe it increases security . 
  they might think reducing privacy is better in the long run so people are less likely to commit crimes . 
  could be a lot of things really , but it 's clear that many politicians push for reducing privacy . 
  i wonder if right wingers will ever reclaim nazi and just troll people . 
  like just say , i support border control and hitler salute . 
  all the commies do it with stalin and mao, 
  the article is against the title , it 's criticising the attitude that causes people to say such bullshit, 
  there 's plenty of bad stuff on / r/islam but it 's said so casually and so accepted that they make it seem normal lol . 
  it 's simple when you accept these premises : 1 . 
  politicians want more surveillance , and to reduce our privacy 2 . 
  politicians want ( directly or indirectly because of corporations backing them ) cheap labour in the form of immigrants so in events that put a bad light on immigrants , they capitalise on it and increase their surveillance . 
  in other smaller events they try to avoid stories that put negative light on immigrants . 
  when i 'm sure i 'm alone on a long road i whistle and sing a bit and sometimes skip or run a bit , or make weird sounds that feel cool in my throat .
