  its funny how they refuse to acknowledge the role the church played in education . 
  ah well , ignorance will get what it gets . 
  islam will never hold the grip the church held is probably what the guy meant , because islam isnt exactly rosy . 
  we just live in a time and place where religion is not that relevant . 
  maybe if we had some huge war of went through major persecution religion would rise . 
  im happy about the smallness of islam here too . 
  mo ' religion mo ' problems . 
  especially with this one haha, 
  are you unhinjed ? 
  how is that fascism ? 
  same here , in religion we got taught about the five major ones , and concentrated most on christianity and islam . 
  visited a mosque too , the floor was nice . 
  ^ cue ^ is ^ the ^ word, 
  no , i think social science provides a framework that lends itself to support extreme viewpoints . 
  so if someone feels they are oppressed , social science rhetoric fans the flames , and is easily twisted to support extreme viewpoints . 
  and no it would n't happen all over the world because it is n't taught the same way all over the world . 
  that 's why i said one . 
  i was n't trying to generalize this to all of them , but they all definitely are not starving or some shit like that . 
  it seems just ok - kinda shit . 
  they 're not living the good life but they are n't in hell like huffpo claims . 
  what the real problem is , is withdrawal of the benefits ought to be more finely graded , so workers will always be better off than non workers instead of losing time and not gaining money . 
  i meant every country changed . 
  no country can support the american 1960s lifestyle, 
  it made the news because it was videoed . 
  what kind of environment do you think fosters people like that ? 
  where people that crazy feel so ridiculously justified ? 
  its because they get fed bullshit cloaked in academic terminology . 
  then they put it into plain words and the rest of us can see clearly how dumb they are , but they do n't . 
  there are gays in the uk who have to hide their address from their family after being kicked out , as they fear death by stoning from their parent/s . 
  i 'm telling you this does not happen with christians , its well documented that muslims are far less tolerant of apostasy etc etc. 
  stop this equivalence shit . 
  well its 2015 , and its not just america that has changed so why even bring that up ? 
  you also happen to have high unemployment and a far right surge so we 'll see how it all plays out, 
  yeah well , it is about impact . 
  and 1,000,000 people is certainly an impact lol . 
  ( and no i 'm not saying she 's solely responsible for them so calm down ), 
  what country 's people all have two fuckin homes and cars ? 
  that 's rich , not normal at all and americans do n't expect that . 
  they wo n't get any of the stuff in your list with higher taxes anyway , its all wasted by corruption . 
  so yeah they would be richer with lower taxes . 
  that 's a shitty meme redditors have clung on to . 
  the vast majority of conservatives do n't think they are going to be rich . 
  last time i checked the greeks did n't have low taxes , and actually had a big welfare system . 
  their problem was actual fraud , to the point that 0 taxes were paid by people . 
  that 's not what conservatives want . 
  so stop calling people who want lower taxes fraudsters , that 's retarded . 
  using soundbite memes to denigrate half the country . 
  how are people wanting lower taxes fraudsters ? 
  that 's bullshit , as if all tax is for benefiting all taxpayers . 
  there 's plenty of garbage done by governments which wastes money , like unnecessary wars . 
  oh its you . 
  sorry i do n't trust you more than the bbc . 
  they did n't have thirty kids , the fat guy had 1 , and the others had 2 or 3 max . 
  why did you ignore my last paragraph ? 
  i addressed that . 
  also these people werent starving or killing thenselves . 
  they were mostly overweight , one had multiple tvs and smoked like a chimney . 
  in the uk it does kind of happen like this . 
  people can live fine off benefits , some for bullshit reasons ( like one was just fat . 
  that was it , nothing else wrong with him , and he didnt want to work ) . 
  then theres people working hard jobs for long hours and because of the way the system is set up , they barely make more than welfare and have to ruin themselves working shit jobs . 
  of course they should push for better incentives to work rather than reduce benefits , but it is pretty bullshit how the system is set up . 
  its so weird . 
  i know youtube comments are garbage but some people go on huge rants there about jews controlling everything and false flags galore . 
  like these werent trolls , they were proper in to it . 
  dude success when the ottomans ruled might not be classed as success to us now ... 
  see when your mom thinks horoscopes are real , it can be easily explained away . 
  you dont just explain away isis propaganda and weapons, 
  it more that they dont want to be scapegoated on media , judged by the court of public opinion and then possibly lose their jobs and get death threats and harassment from overzealous cunts, 
  wot ? 
  you calling me an american ? 
  thats kind of cool . 
  but ive only ever visited murica for three weeks and while it was nice the roads were far too big for me and the grass all rigid and thick and not the right shade of green . 
  oh snap huffpo are reporting this ? 
  they are using an awful lot of quotations marks though . 
  ah , it seems to be a training issue much more than a pc issue but its still fucked to high heaven that its happening in the uk, 
  the only reason the mosques are being raided now is the state of emergency they have going on after a major terror attack . 
  they already knew about these places beforehand , but didnt make a move as there would have been an outcry by muslims . 
  now the muslim community is in a meek kind of mood , any anger displayed by it will not be looked on kindly by the french . 
  thats true i do learn a lot from leftist perspectives . 
  i really like lurking / r/socialism and even srs . 
  however i see clearly how they often misrepresent the right on purpose . 
  i dont think i would be any political preference , it seems i am just a contrarian because i hate circlejerks . 
  but deep down i think the leftists are right . 
  they are just ahead of their time . 
  and also circlejerk a lot . 
  yes !, 
  pepple get arrested for spreading isis propaganda , that is banning terrorism right ? 
  having nations does not cause trouble , having disagreement does . 
  original believers , if raised by normal muslims , will have every verse explained and tempered by a good imam . 
  so no matter how horrible the verse , it is softened up a lot . 
  however new converts , especially edgelords like this cunt , are basically fundamentalists . 
  they take the book at face value , ignoring both context and missing the softening guidance of normal muslims ( who are peaceful like you and me , even if they are quite conservative ), 
  germans supporting merkel , you dont see them around much anymore though . 
  people were claiming they were all educated , middle class and english speaking though . 
  this seems contradictory . 
  lol dont make this a pissing contest . 
  we all know what happens when the leftists go extreme . 
  hitler is small fry in that mess . 
  wow you totally wrecked those strawmen bro,
