this sub always had a bit of bs but this week is worse than ever . 
  i hope the change in temperament that we are seeing here is only temporary . 
  every source i can find seems to say that the idea of such a cherem is a myth , even though it seems to have been a pervasive one . 
  i suppose when someone insults you , you do n't really care about the insult in itself , about it 's nature , you just know you 've got to get angry/respond because of the hurtful intention behind it , so if that 's what you mean then i think i understand . 
  i do n't want to sound like a special snowflake but i never really managed to get angry ( which led to me being seen as weak at school a lot ) so i suppose that 's why i 've got trouble understanding how it happens , i 'd just try and fake being angry/wanting to fight so people would stop . 
  as for the beliefs part , i think it 's got a lot to do with 1 . tradition in the west - many countries `` broke free '' from religious rule by attacking beliefs , desacralising them - and 2 . the fact that they are beliefs , something you choose to believe , not something you 're born like , even if for most those beliefs are actually passed down to them before they 've got a chance of deciding for themselves . 
  why would you be offended ? 
  honestly i feel like i 've been on the internet and on places like somethingawful and 4chan too long to ever feel offended by representations/drawings . 
  in my school everyone used to insult each others mothers on a regular basis too , so words which are just meant to offend stopped working some time ago . 
  i think grave injustice is the only thing which can still offend me . 
  my only problem with these kind of cartoons is the ideas i feel a lot of those who defend them probably have , which are more than just about freedom of speech/humour , even if i 'm sure that that 's the sole reason some people defend them for too . 
  it did apply to people who preferred not to follow it , the french articles show witnesses who were pushed out of the shop for coming on the bad days . 
  that 's just what he said to defend himself , but it was not the case . 
  but yeah , the guy was selling clothes in his little shop and had changing cabins , and apparently some women did n't feel comfortable when they were changing clothes and men were in the shop , which could be understandable in such a small shop . 
  the osce preliminary findings are deemed for tomorrow . 
   mission schedule  7 may : opening press conference  14 may : deployment of long-term observers  7 june : election day  8 june : press conference on preliminary findings and conclusions  11 june : departure of long-term observers  16 june : departure of the core team, 
  this is akin to posting http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jewish_internet_defense_force every time you disagree with someone with an israeli flair . . 
  nothing to do with russian logic , that article does n't prove anything . 
  turkey accepted to have osce observers for the elections , their conclusions will be published tomorrow . 
  why not wait for that instead of relying on what some people from the swedish left party 's youth say , and that does n't indicate much at all ? 
  reminds me of the movie \u0414\u0443\u0440\u0430\u043a / durak / a fool , which is quite good by the way , and is kind of centered on the problem with people who share that kind of mentaliy . 
  you should n't be , there 's probably some representation bias . 
  highly educated refugees come from syria or iran , as they flee the war or the regime , but because the situation is different in tunisia and moroco , it 'll mainly be people fleeing poverty : the educated tunisians wo n't be coming to europe as refugees , they 'll either get a good job in tunisia or emigrate normally if they come over , so if you volunteer in a refugee center , you 'll mostly see those who had nothing to lose . 
  i 'm really not though !, 
  to me , an expert is someone who finds , discovers good wine , and knows what makes a wine good ; i merely follow the indications of such people , i enjoy wine that tastes good but i do n't really know how to say why it does !, 
  also , as to what you should eat which wine ( you wrote `` what should i drink with it '' but i hope that was a mistake !, 
  ) , sites like hachette vins give recommandations , depending on the cepages for lots of different french bottles . 
  i really only drink red wine , and it 's usually hard to be wrong with cheese , or red meat dishes ( experts usually say you should n't mix red wine with cheese , because most cheeses `` overpower '' red wine . 
  so this is n't good advice from an expert 's point of view , but i love cheese with most red wines , and everyone i know does too , but it could just be that our favorite cheeses are the exceptions to the rule ) . 
  as for conservation , you usually lie the bottle down on its side ( to allow the wine to come in contact with the cork , which stops it from drying up and allowing oxygen to enter the bottle and oxydate the wine ) in a dark and fresh place ( precise temperature and humidity rates become important if you want to keep the bottles for months/years , but for short conservation , `` fresh '' is good enough ) . 
  as for preparation , this is quite debated ; i usually open the bottle in advance to let it breathe , but most people nowadays seem to say that this is completely useless , unless the bottle is left open for hours and hours , as the surface area is too small to have any real effect . 
  some people use decantors though , they 're meant to be great , but they can destroy some wines . 
  if you have n't got one , you 'll sometimes be pleasantly surprised if you leave some wine in a wine glass and swirl it a bit before drinking it ; i know it sounds like `` magic '' bullshit but it really does make `` heavy '' wines taste much richer sometimes ( also : do n't fill your wine glass to the top ; they 're meant to be filled to a rather low level , as to allow the wine to properly aerate in this way ) . 
  it hugely varies from a person to another , but there are lots of magazines and websites for wine . 
  if you order bottles online , you can sometimes get really great deals on sites like priceminister , or wine auction websites - as long as the sellers actually knew how to keep their wine . 
  i 'm rather poor , my budget basically goes from 6 $ to 60 $ ( very exceptionnally ) , i enjoy pic saint loup type of wines on the cheap side ( well , they 've been getting more expensive over the last years ) , stuff like saint est\u00e8phe on the more expensive one . 
  you do n't really buy `` brands '' though , you buy certain bottles depending on their year of production , their domain/producers and when you want to drink it . 
  you can find cheap and good bottles if you know a good cave , where someone who knows about wine can help you find bottles which suit your taste and budget , or you can buy good bottles which were rated by guides/magazines/etc ... but their prices will be inflated due to the notoriety the ratings gave them . 
  you can also buy magazines like la revue du vin de france ( or download them on french torrent sites like t411 if you 're unable of finding them where you live ) which often have guides on good wines per budget type , and if you 're reactive and stay up to date with wine ratings as they are published , you can get some good bottles before their prices are hiked . 
  i try to buy lots of wine ( and some port too ) with huge ( for me ) 200/300 $ payments from websites , like vin-malin . fr , like every few months , as they usually have a much better quality low budget tier than supermarkets , and i know friends who buy boxes of bottles from sites like priceminister , which usually allows for big discounts , but quality can vary . 
  most people just seem to stumble upon one or two bottles that they really like and mainly consume those ones throughout the year though ; then they go through a new phase of experimentation when that bottle is no longer sold ( or its price has been hiked ) until they find another production they enjoy . 
  always be sure to check the years and domains though , even the best regions have some shit productions , but lots of online sellers like to sell those bottles at inflated prices due to the notoriety of the area . 
  anyway that 's just the way i do it , but i 'm really not an expert , i just like wine , and i 'll maybe be shit on by someone else who knows more about it than i do . 
  also , as i live in france , i mainly buy french wine , as it is n't too expensive here , but i heard many times that for people outside of france , you can get better quality for lower prices if you buy from the `` new producers '' nowadays , because french wine is sold at outrageous prices abroad . 
  but this is a point that i 'm sure many frenchmen would disagree with me about . 
  he just draws `` ordinary life '' discussions , basically documenting the silly/absurd situations he witnesses in every day life , in an empathetic way . 
  he 's really good at capturing `` moments '' , highlighting trivial stuff in an amusing way . 
  riad sattouf in general is great . 
  he made some good strips in charlie hebdo too . 
  when most people hear about `` islamist '' political parties they often think of the worse ; but such was not really the case for erdogan until recently , the stuff like wanting to build religious institutions in universities etc. . were seen with the usual disdain people have for it , like the actions of islamist politicians in tunisia or egypt , or even of christian ones in poland/usa ; not as something truly dramatic/dangerous , just an alarming step back from secularism , but then the arming of islamists in syria and the reports on collusion with daesh have helped really conjur up a bad image of him and changed the perspective on his actions , with people wrongfully seeing them as motivated by hardline religious convictions more than political ones . 
  i think all the russian propaganda from sites like rt did n't help either . 
  even if people know it 's bullshit , the exposure to headlines etc. . still leave an impression , which is reinforced by all the milder actual decisions to reinforce the role of religion in society . 
  the other problem is that the deflation makes loans effectively more expensive and discourages investment . 
  since the deflation seems to just be due to vat cuts and the decrease in energy prices it may not be too worrying , as it would mean it 's purely ~ ~ conjectural ~ ~ conjunctural , so economical actors may not act in expectation of further deflation . 
  i 'm no expert though , it 's just that the eu has been trying to ward off deflation for the last 7 years , and it is a very real risk . 
  eh , italy is one of the countries with the biggest catholic populations in the world , per capita , and the religion does have an important influence on politics , but i guess the term important can be discussed . 
  it appears as rather neutral on the palestine/israel deal to me , at least recently , and it does n't have any serious claim on jerusalem , as long as it 's a land christians can still travel to/live in . 
  the italian population is very catholic ; the siege of power of the catholic church is the vatican state , so they exerce a big amount of influence on italian society and politics ( as well as in many other countries with strong catholicism , and even , in some cases , in non-catholic countries ( for instance the vatican hosts mediation efforts between the palestinian authority and israel , as it is a neutral party , has been campaigning for welcoming all syrian refugees to the eu , etc ) . 
  yes it 's a true . 
  i 've got a friend who set his father 's car on fire for him , as a way to buy a new one with the insurance money . 
  he had to wait until there was some protests and car burning going on in the suburbs and then jumped on the chance . 
  honestly i believe it happens a lot , as i 've already seen in some cities ( like b\u00e9ziers ) just one burnt down car in the middle of a sea of intact ones , in a rather calm car park . 
  do you seriously think clinton would have brought ww3 ? 
  with nuclear bombs exploding left and right ? 
  and you 're quoting the clown zhirinovsky and government agents rather than experts on ir to assert this ? 
  this analysis is completely unfounded , detached from all reality . 
  but in this case it 's the people who are illegaly and purposefully walking around with his camera , i 'm not sure they have a right to assume the legal owner will not continue useing his device just because they stole it . 
  yes , but i think that when people say they do n't like the romani , they 're thinking of the cultural romanis , rather than simply ethnic romanis , that no one really cares about in such a high proportion ( only some neo nazis i suppose ) . 
  they also tend to not see themselves as romani either once they have integrated , but more as romanian/bulgarian / . . at least from my experience , but that 's another story of course , and it could be just due to the stigma . 
  also , there are plenty of cool cultural romanis too . 
  it 's just that they 're in a hard situation and that there are a lot of cultural clashes , plus an opposition to the principle of assimilation , rather than them being bad or anything . 
  but i 'm not sure it 's truly comparable , as the romani have a purely cultural vision of their identity , whereas the jewish identity is ethnoreligious . 
  if i decide to adopt and respect the romanipen , i will be able to become a romani and to integrate within romani culture , even though i 'm ethnically anglo/irish . 
  if i then quit the romanipen , i will no longer be romani , same as for other romanis . 
  so , it 's more like being catholic or non-catholic , and telling someone who dislikes catholics that they probably would n't mind ex-catholics . 
  i do n't think ex-roma people are particularly disliked , whereas secular jews are traditionally targets of racism . 
  but are they truly romas if they leave the culture ? 
  certainly not to other romani people , who mainly see it as a cultural identity . 
  there are romas from different ethnic/racial origins , as long as they are accepted as such , and i suppose the people who dislike romas would dislike them too , i do n't think it 's based on race either . 
  i remember trying it while i was in lviv  it was n't really that good , but the bottle was worth keeping !, 
  i 'm quoting news articles i read when i 'm saying a lot ; conversion of refugees became an official ` evangelical mission ' of some churches since the crisis started . 
  as to why it 's controversial to propose to sending them back , i think it 's because you 're very potentially condemning people to death by doing it . 
  who cares if they converted to stay or not , they 're facing the same danger if they 're sent back , and the reason we are granting asylum to refugees is meant to be due to them facing such danger , not due to them being honest christians or any such bullshit . 
  if they decided to fake being gay and filmed themselves having homosexual sex before spreading it around , i would also defend not deporting them ; even if they create the conditions of the danger they 'll be facing , you 're still sending someone back to be killed if you decide to act that way . 
  an american far-right online newspaper , which is known for its populistic and sensationalism , as well as for publishing conspirational stuff . 
  steve bannon used to work there before joining trump 's team as chief strategist . 
  i 'm not really sure what you 're talking about , but it 's already the case . 
  a lot of asylum seekers who come from countries such as afghanistan , iran or pakistan have converted to christianity in order to be granted asylum , as it allows them to make sure their life will be in peril were they to be sent back . 
  this article is about what seems to be one such case . 
  in general , the law on asylum is applied , and they already up their chances of seeing it granted by converting , unless they come from countries where being an ex-muslim is not seen as particularly dangerous ( north africa ) . 
  a lot of french rappers reference dbz too ahah . 
  i wonder if they 'll do the same with bleach/naruto in 10 years time when that generation will have grown up . 
  lol , reading that thread . 
  ` futari ecchi ' sold 1 million units in germany in 2013 . 
  one in 80 germans bought this hentai in 2013 . 
  wtf . 
  keno don rosa was my god when i was a kid . 
  well , one of them . 
  they 're kind of classic anti-eu populist conservatives , but they 're also polish , so a bit more on the religious side and less likely to cozy up to putin . 
  and they do n't want to leave eu , they just find it too encroaching and want a reform which would reinforce national states .
