  and those are , despite obviously being of polish descent , classic german `` ruhrpott names '' . 
  or look at great britain or france . 
  do you think people consider it weird to see a black person in paris or a pakistani in london ? 
  it has become normality . 
  society hasnt collapsed , the world hasnt ended and it wont now . 
  and like the other response said : all those things , similar things or worse things have been going on for a long time . 
  you act like human history is all sushine and rainbows . 
  and why exactly ? 
  absolutely . 
  life in germany is good and most germans are just spoiled by the high standard of living we have here . 
  as long as that 's the case , many people will also be enraged/jealous of refugees and migrants entering the social security system and later the job market . 
  it 's always easy to complain about the immigrants taking our jerbs , but at the same time ignore that a lot of those immigrants are probably cleaning disgusting public toilets on the side of the autobahn somewhere . 
  and most of us just have never experienced real , existential suffering . 
  even our poor are mostly wealthier and better off than poor people in third world countries . 
  we have no idea what it 's like to live in a warzone , either . 
  that makes it kind of hard to empathize , i guess . 
  people have been calling out bild for decades , though . 
  he could have mentioned the video without the weird name-drop , though . 
  like you said , this does n't have to mean anything , but to me it seems like the guy is ` acting ' at that specific point , like he was prepared to casually mention b\u00f6hmermann during the interview . 
  who knows . 
  this whole thing is a complete mindfuck . 
  at this point i would n't be surprised if the two are buddies and orchestrated the whole thing together to literally show the finger to the german media 's reporting on greece . 
  it was a pretty popular 80s song . 
  he was not an immigrant . 
  he was born in munich . 
  also , nobody covered up the islamist connection the w\u00fcrzburg or nice attacks had . 
  as soon as it was confirmed that the perpetrators were isis sympathizers , it was out in the open and press reported on it . 
  it has already been proven that terrorists can be white , idiots just tend to act like that 's not the case . 
  it also has not been proven that he shouted `` allahu akbar '' . 
  one person claimed that he did . 
  even if these things maybe dont have to be mutually exclusive ( though they very likely are most of the time , i dont think islamists worship breivik ) : it 's not confirmed that he shouted `` allahu akbar '' . 
  there are a lot more sources that dont mention anything about islam at all and point towards `` bullying + depression + xenophobia '' . 
  `` i 'm german '' has a video source to back it up , `` fucking foreigners '' has been confirmed by police iirc . 
  no official source has mentioned `` allahu akbar '' , just a few foreign news outlets - and i 'm sorry , but at this point it seems possible that he just did not actually shout that . 
  you dont even know if he * was * muslim . 
  the dude was an 18 year old student who himself stated that he had been bullied , was obsessed with mass shootings and allegedly even had a pic of breivik as his whatsapp picture . 
  there are no indications that this is linked to isis and there are far more witnesses that reported him screaming `` fuck immigrants '' . 
  he was also very adamant that he 's german when that one dude on the balcony called him a `` kanacke '' . 
  lucky you . 
  like he said : `` herp derp i 'm a moron and i dont know what i 'm talking about . '', 
  press conference right now . 
  no indication about relations to isis . 
  not one . 
  he read a lot of books about school shootings and mass killings though . 
  this was not a terrorist attack . 
  look at all those downvotes . 
  and yet you 're probably right . 
  this is looking more and more like a shooting rampage by a disturbed loner . 
  if he didnt have iranian heritage , there would be zero indication that this was a terrorist attack . 
  and yes , i 've heard of the reports of `` allahu akbar '' , but that came from one or two outlets at most and hasnt been confirmed by police . 
  a lot more people reported on him saying `` fuck immigrants '' and `` i 'm german '' . 
  maybe , but that example actually happened, 
  sure , but the specific situation i was talking about was n't about musical taste , but rather about kraftklub 's political position . 
  right . 
  i wasnt trying to say that the concept of race itself is or was ever really valid , bad wording on my part . 
  what i meant with my comment was that we may not use it ( for obvious reasons ) , but in english speaking countries , `` race '' is still a common term , which imo also implies a rather distinctive meaning for the term `` racism '' . 
  i just dont think it really fits in this case , but you 're right . 
  in the end it 's just semantics . 
  they really couldnt have made it more clear than `` links 2 3 4 '' . 
  `` they want my heart in the right place , but it 's beating to the left . '', 
  and still some rammstein fans lose their shit when they book leftist bands like kraftklub as their support act . 
  and you 're right , of course . 
  but i still feel like in a situation like this , the term `` racism '' is much easier to dismiss by the people in focus , even if you use it as a synonym for xenophobia . 
  did you keep him for yourself ? 
  it 's pretty much the same in germany . 
  the third reich has tainted the term ( or rather the concept of ) `` race '' so much , that it 's not longer really appropriate to use . 
  / u/maxxpaul has a point , though . 
  we often see xenophobia as a form of racism , because it often affects people of different ethnicities / skin colors etc - but in this case , it 's pretty obvious that the post-brexit xenophobia is n't like that . 
  there have been german , polish , swedish people who were victims of hate speech or attacks at this point . 
  same here . 
  this is disgraceful . 
  `` you want respect for the dead ? 
  should have scored more goals lol '' what the hell , uefa ... 
  yes . 
  but it works, 
  isnt it funny how all of the politicians that try to sell themselves as `` braver than the rest '' are also always the ones that tell you how afraid you need to be of the future ? 
  nowadays , being scared shitless of muslims destroying our culture equals `` not being a pussy '' . 
  i dont know if i can argue against that - but i dont really want to either way because i still just dont get why this would be a big deal to anyone . 
  good luck preserving your heritage , i guess . 
  sure , you 're right . 
  you have the right to disapprove of your kids ' life choices . 
  i 'd still rather be concerned that she 's with a good man who loves her and treats her well than the skin color of my hypothetical grandchildren . 
  it 's at least a bit irritating if the only reason that someone can think of for a white woman dating a black guy ( or her parents being okay with that ) is `` white guilt '' . 
  does n't really paint the picture of someone who sees black people as ... well , people . 
  it 's actually none of your fucking business what your daughters kids look like . 
  now wait a second . 
  immediately associating `` i 'm comfortable with my daughter dating a black person '' with `` white guilt '' is fine , but calling that out is n't ? 
  i hope you 're wrong for the sake of your country , but who knows . 
  like i said : we 'll have to wait and see . 
  showmanship may be part of it , sure , but i dont feel like he has done a lot to make himself look `` weak '' . 
  quite the opposite , actually . 
  but i guess we 'll both have to wait and see how he does down the line . 
  okay then , sorry for presuming you were american . 
  i cant talk about how you view him at home and i know that he was n't the first choice for a lot of people , but still . 
  the world is also bigger than france . 
  i stand by my statement . 
  he has already left an impression with a lot of people when it comes to his appearances with trump , putin , nato , or this recent statement on paris . 
  i 've heard that from a lot of people who went to france , too . 
  the consensus was mostly : `` speak french when you 're over there , or you 're going to have a difficult time . 
  they all speak english , but they dont want to . '',
