  the wrongs commited by poland do n't even begin to compare to what your people did . 
  if your views about resettling millions of poles from their native lands are not negative just because we do n't self-flagellate as much as you want us to about zaolzie , a minor continuation of a 1920s conflict with czechoslovakia or the wilno affair , that 's some interesting morality right there . 
   i 'm sorry that individual people got displaced , but that is no longer an issue of national guilt for me . 
  do you consider all soviet forced deportations as something that 's `` not an issue of national guilt '' , or is it just the poles that can be thrown out from their lands at will ? 
  what about the crimean tatars ? 
   your country did the same and did not do more only for the lack of power to do so , rather than actual intention . 
  the guy above making up alternate history about ribbentrop-molotov does `` mental gymnastics '' , but it 's fair game when we imagine what the poles would do given the chance . 
  we did n't even have syberia you know , it 'd be really hard to replicate the crimes done by russians to the kresy population . 
   i am sorry for all the wrongs committed by ussr , such as the killings . 
  but conquest of lands ? 
  it has been done back and forth in the case of kresy , the conquest was accompanied by forced population transfer of over a million people from these regions , which is the actual crime here . 
  that was n't done back and forth and i do n't know if you are legitimately not aware of [ these events ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kresy#kresy_during_and_after_world_war_ii ) , or if you 're trying to somehow disconnect the conquest of kresy from the immediately following expulsion . 
  i 'm sorry if this sound more emotional than it should , but since my entire family back then was removed ( to either syberia/kazakhstan , good times , or to stolen german land ) from `` land that was n't polish anyway '' at some point , leaving their homeland and fortunes behind with a bag of potatoes or whatever they were able to take , it is a bit baffling to hear `` sorry not sorry everyone did that all the time get rid of the victim complex '' from apparently an * actual historian * . 
   they pulled off the same shit that hitler did , invading lands , claiming ` protection of ethnic poles ' as their right to invade . 
  lol . 
  as soon as we could n't `` protect ethnic poles '' anymore , you shipped them out on cattle trains . 
  i 'd say that makes a decent case that protection of ethnic poles ( again , their homeland , majority population in kresy sans 3 voivodships ) was not the wrong thing to do . 
  see , that 's sort of the problem with the crazy old woman 's punishment - if at all , she should be punished because of defined rules that forbid to support any ideologies connected with certain crimes , not because one murderous ideology in particular is considered * reeeealy bad *, 
   naw -- it 's just illegal to use hate speech to support an ideology which systematically murdered countless minority groups ... by the state no less . 
  that 's false . 
  there 's plenty of violent far left organisations in germany that support communism while displaying ussr imagery and the ussr [ did murder minority groups as well ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_operation_of_the_nkvd_ ( 1937 % e2 % 80 % 9338 \\ ) ) so be real here , it 's only illegal to support one specific ideology . 
  lol here comes the cultural relativist, 
  lol, 
   why should they stay there ? 
  it 's terrible there . 
  i 'd rather die than stay in a camp that has nothing to offer besides a tent . 
  have you even given it a thought ? 
  the reality of life in a tent without nothing ? 
  i 'm glad you see it . 
  good . 
  now let 's start working on removing the incentives for anyone but real syrian refugees to move at all ? 
  let 's start working improving those camps so that they may stay there , instead of trying to bring them to their german eldorado and arguing if we need to show solidarity and redistribute some unlucky ones to eastern europe until they can sneak back into germany and live there illegally ? 
   people willing to get away from those tent camps and end up even in a poor country like romania or poland should be brought there and provided for . 
   those in camps , who stayed because theyre so helpless and left in total squalor . 
  that 's a different matter , but either way you do n't understand . 
  ** those people want to be in germany . 
  ** they will be `` willing to end up in a poor country like poland '' untill they are in poland and can hop on a bus to germany , where they can easily live illegally . 
  it 's not like `` illegally living in germany '' is some black scenario i 'm making up , there are masses of people doing it already . 
  the only possible outcome of your plan is more immigrants in germany . 
  i do n't have a `` hard on '' for them , but i do find it funny that people who 75 years ago built camps to exploit and murder people different from them now expect us to use similar measures to hold them in our country against their will , but this time they perceive it as `` helping '' those people . 
    either way the people going to germany illegally would n't be able to get refugee status unless they stayed in poland . 
  well surely they would n't stay in germany illegally then , living and working completely out of sight of the german government , right ? 
  that would n't be good for anyone but luckily i 'm sure that never happened before :\\ ^ ), 
  you 're trying to make a joke but masses of polish people left for germany and other countries ( we are not nearly as obsessed with germany in particular as the current immigrants ) , and it 's not a positive effect for the country as a whole . 
   joke aside , why not register the refugees in poland , they may only live there , work there and recieve benefits there . 
  if they are caught outside of poland they will be fined and sent back to poland . 
  pointless waste of time , they will fully concencrate on leaving for germany as soon as possible and it does nothing to stop the masses of people who ** want to go to germany . 
  ** the longer we allow germans to play around with `` solutions '' like this , the worse it will get for all of us . 
  that , and once western europeans find out the immigrants must live in the same conditions as polish people and receive similarly low welfare , they will throw an absolute shitfit and one way or another , from our or eu pocket , the immigrants will end up treated much better than our own poor , which is absolutely unacceptable  refugees have to accept rules . 
  how long did you spend under that rock ? 
  all the immigrants got where they are by breaking rules . 
  when things did n't go their way , they rioted and it worked everytime . 
  they do n't have to accept rules and they know it . 
  virtually all of them would attempt to get illegally into germany unless we reopened german concentration camps and held them there , yes, 
   and if you make it clear to people that it is either poland or nothing what will they do ? 
  stay in the camps in turkey/lebanon until their home country is safe to return , or not leave their safe countries at all if they are not refugees . 
  which , together with raising the quality of life in those camps , should be our goal and priority anyway . 
   if eastern europeans showed actual solidarity oh my , you really , really do n't understand . 
  i 'll try to drive the point into your head . 
  ** those people want to go to germany . 
  ** it 's irrelevant how many people poland is willing to accept . 
  poland and the immigrants are actually in perfect agreement with each other , because they do n't want to be in poland , they want to be in germany . 
  we do n't want them either , but even if we did , no amount of `` solidarity '' could force them to come there . 
  ** what can we do ? 
  those people are going to germany . 
  ** they started they journey to reach germany , to achieve the standard of life they were told they will get once they reach germany . 
  not a single one of them would pay to risk drowning and get smuggled in a shitty , dangerous boat from safe camps in turkey ( or to attempt getting into germany as a `` syrian '' , because like it or not , a huge number of people coming to you are not refugees ) if they knew at the end they will be relocated to poland , where the average welfare payout is 100 euro per month and their best prospect is to maybe earn ~ 500 euro once they learn a ridiculously hard language and manage to find a job . 
  and you absolutely ca n't blame them . 
  ** they want to go to germany after all ** . 
  there is nothing we can do to help you unless you want us to reopen those nice camps you built during ww2 , man the watchtowers , stick those poor people in there and shoot them once they inevitably try to leave and go to germany . 
  because , guess what , ** they will want to leave for germany again . 
  ** do n't get me wrong , i feel what for what 's happening to your country , i really do . 
  maybe that 's solidarity . 
  but there 's nothing to be done , germany must save itself . 
  make it clear that all people who are not actual refugees will be immediately deported , then actually start deporting them . 
  make it clear that majority of them will have to return , or will be forced to return if that 's required , once their country is declared safe again . 
  start financially supporting camps in turkey and lebanon ( and i would fully agree with poland contributing to this as well ) , make it bearable to wait there until their country is safe to return . 
  maybe then millions of people will stop trying to go to germany . 
  those people want to be in germany or sweden and did n't start their journeys to be anywhere else but germany and maybe sweden , and there is nothing other countries can do about it . 
  blame xenophobic eastern europe and reiterate how they are unworthy of eu membership and germonies so far blaming eastern europe worked great to solve this crisis caused by masses of people going to germany because of german policies and intensified by a german chancellor elected by germans , why stop ? 
   shows how naturally xenophobic phobias are irrational , investing in personal protection in a situation like this is not . 
  super high tech miniature tracking systems in the money to pay the terrorists a visit after the hostage is released ? 
   at no point in history they were economical or political superpowers [ m8 u wot ??? 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/bc/truce_of_deulino_1618-1619.png ), 
   and by your logic any country that ca n't defend itself ca n't complain about other nations shitting on their sovereignty . 
  where are you getting this from ? 
  it can complain . 
  in fact , that 's the only thing it can do !, 
   well i guess germany should send in agents or a police force to stop the human trafficking problems in serbia and kosovo , without their knowledge and permission then since they are n't doing too much about it ... or the us to send ships to mexico to stop migrants as mexico is n't doing it . 
  if in any of these situations the problem was significant enough and there was enough political will in germany or us , and if the local government unwilling or unable to deal with the problem and also powerless to stop such intervention , that 's exactly what would happen . 
   if italy wants to stop libyan smugglers , then it can do so in in international waters or in italy and not in libya without their permission actually , italy can quite obviously do it in libyan waters , as shown by the fact that italy is doing it in libyan waters . 
   because that is illigal and it dos n't matter if libya is weak or not an illigal action is illigal no matter what . 
  well , that 's cute . 
  are you trying to roleplay a lawful good character in some rpg right now ? 
  it 's also not in any position to do so . 
  i know this is reddit , but it 's not very likely that he has some it skill on hand to send himself to europe , is it ? 
  how quickly can you even learn that stuff , if needed ? 
   libya is a sovereign country well then i assume libya will now do some sovereign country things to stop us from stopping the smugglers , right ? 
   akp winning 363 seats with just 34.3 % of the vote . 
  do n't you know , you 're supposed to make exaggerated , slightly relevant comparisons of the crisis with past events whenever it 's possible .
