   ( fwiw i 'm an indian expat living in germany ) i love that there is now need to prove you are not an evil white neonazi before you can discuss immigration . 
  if you did n't include this part , there would be people calling you a bigoted xenophobe for sure . 
  any attitude that is not `` open the gates !, 
  let everyone in !, 
  no borders ! '', 
  is * racist * - european left , 2015, 
  ca n't you read ? 
  he just explained how it does not depend in the slightest if you or anyone sees `` real endangerment '' to those people . 
  they will not sort out christians and muslims at their border ( even though they could still do this as the refugees would be coming from safe countries ) , they will go to syria ( or camps in safe countries ) and pick out people to save , and they are n't obligated by any laws to do this . 
  it 's slovakian initiative and they can take whoever the fuck they want . 
  they could go there , browse a bit and take 200 prettiest girls and you still could n't complain . 
  you do n't get to choose if it 's `` lawful '' or not . 
   the majority of citizens were not dissidents . 
  yes , and those did not flee , that 's what i 'm saying . 
  it 's just clear that the general attitudes in the east did n't matter because people trying to cross the wall did not reflect the general ddr society and would probably have no trouble integrating in the west , so i do n't see how your post worked as a response to `` you think east german refugees starting opposing all things capitalist once they got to the other side ? '' . 
  you two are just talking about two different groups of people . 
   and re-unification is absolutely comparable to the ` refugee crisis ' in regards to how much of a challenge it is for our society , and immigration does not even touch the re-unification in cost and scale . 
  if we could handle unifying 80 million people then we can handle immigrating refugees , everything else would simply be an embarrassment for our country . 
  debatable . 
  do we know the number of east germans who actually permanently left to live in the west after reunification instead of staying on their turf ? 
  but then , they would still be the most western-minded out of the 80 million ... 
  i do n't know man , you could be right or wrong , but i still think the end of soviet occupation and a bunch of land and people returning home is far too different to the current crisis to make comparisons . 
   i actually have quite a lot of relatives that have lived in the gdr so i know the mentality quite well . 
  you are talking about people who stayed there until the reunification , i assume . 
  he 's talking about people who hated it so fucking much in ddr that they risked everything to run away to the west . 
  i doubt you can compare those with the general attitudes left in the east population after reunification , and i do n't think you can make fair comparisons with the syrian refugees here , at least if you care about meaningful results . 
  russian army stronk and invincible !, 
   see , again you are getting personal . 
  that \u00b4 s a bad habbit from you . 
  you should work on that . 
  i do n't owe you anything at all , civility included . 
  there 's 150 comments in this thread and the vast majority of posters somehow managed to discuss this topic without throwing insults in the first post they made , and you did n't . 
  your chance for a civil discussion is long gone . 
  at this point it almost looks like you 're trying to fabricate outrage over schengen . 
  closing it would be an extremely minor inconvenience for legal citizens of the eu and i think you know it . 
  bulgarians , romanians , croatians , the british and irish live with it everyday . 
  it 's basically id checks . 
  what actually hurts you is the problems it would create for migrants on their way to welfare paradise ? 
   looking for solution ?!, 
  he tries to go fishing on the right wing side with his populist agenda . 
  the dublin protocols don \u00b4 t work any more , and they never will with this situation . 
   so your politican is actually offending me and every other european citizen with trying to take away european rights on free movement and destroying the european idea . 
  he is an idiot !, 
  he accurately represents the concerns and needs of the czech people . 
  you have a serious problem accepting that not all nations of europe have castrated themselves out of all will to actually solve their problems to the same degree germany and sweden did , eh ? 
   here is an article for you . 
  that \u00b4 s what a good first solution looks like . 
  do everything to let masses of migrants come in , then threaten everyone and push for forced migrant distributions quotas to send them to nations that never wanted migrants to come , plus a half-assed attempt to deport them back at a huge cost instead of simply blocking them from entering now . 
  clearly they are the people with good solutions and the czech guy is an idiot . 
  by the way , you may want to actually read your article : `` germany is warning of reintroducing national border controls unless other countries step up to the plate and share the refugee burden more equitably '' . 
  you might want to offer some harsh words for merkel now as well , right ? 
  she 's going after your european rights . 
   why are you actually so offended . 
  do you work for him ? 
  is it your favorite politican or so ? 
  are you him ? 
  i 'm just a bit disgusted by an absolute nobody who can barely use english trying to insult the guy currently representing a country of 10 million who 's actually looking for solutions to the single most pressing issue in europe . 
   actually they do please note that there should be an arrow from syria through turkey . . no , you do n't understand . 
  migrants who wish to enter macedonia and bulgaria by land are already coming from greece or turkey , two safe countries . 
  macedonia and bulgaria has no obligations to allow them to continue their quest for german or swedish welfare . 
   of course it doesn \u00b4 t. 
  therefore we have the dublin protocols . 
  what obviously doesn \u00b4 t work if countrys like italy , greece and so on let them move on freely . 
  yes , so why are you so quick to call the guy who wants to basically stop the dublin protocol from being broken an idiot ? 
   i don \u00b4 t have anything against supporting the borders but you can \u00b4 t really call it `` supporting '' when that means closing the schengen area what would not only affect refugees but all other europeans and wanting to involve military in respect the nato like in some war zone . 
  you clearly think the situation is less serious than he and millions of other people think it is . 
  that 's why he is an idiot ? 
  so you built yourself a worldview where you are free to call people you disagree with idiots , but immediatelly become butthurt when someone calls you the same thing . 
  some nice arbitrary free `` speach '' you got there . 
   but i can give you article 18 which points to the geneva convention of 28 july 1951 and the protocol of 31 january 1967 relating to the status of refugees and in accordance with the treaty establishing the european community , article 19 and 21 of the charter of fundamental rights of the european union . 
  that 's cute , but i do n't see the relevance and i do n't see what is your problem with supporting the borders of macedonia and bulgaria ? 
  people entering macedonia and bulgaria by land physically can not be coming from war zones . 
  there is no war in greece and turkey . 
  i was n't aware that refugrees are to be granted worldwide freedom of movement that continues for as long as they wish after they reach multiple safe countries . 
   i called the politican an idiot yes , so you called someone an idiot . 
  is there something about politicians in the funamental rights of eu that excludes them from being people ? 
  you ca n't go around calling popular representatives of entire nations idiots and then expect people to be polite . 
   i still find the latin phrase compelling . 
  i do n't find people who randomly throw irrelevant latin phrases around compelling . 
   so you ask me if i know what europe stands for ? 
  , i will try to enlighten you . 
  enlighten me further and point me to the part where economic migrants are given a fundamental right to immigrate with no control ? 
  i do n't doubt you but i do n't really have the time to look for it :\\ ^ ), 
   the latin phrase is my argument . 
  you make shit arguments then . 
  you were asked extremely simple questions , i 'll rephrase : do you really know what europe stands for , since czechs are european and they seem to disagree with you on the matter ? 
   and that you can \u00b4 t have an discussion without trying to insult someone shows alot about you . 
  you literally arrived in this thread by calling someone an idiot . 
  please stop embarassing yourself further . 
  if you are actually unable to produce an argument in functional english , you may either quietely leave the discussion or admit it . 
  those are the options open to you . 
  random latin is n't there . 
  i never said i agree with the guy completely , but he presents himself much better than some guy who calls him an idiot in broken english because he thinks he knows the one and only answer to what `` europe stands for '' . 
  do you really ? 
  because most czechs are against immigration , are they not european ? 
   i not engliischhh speack you now . 
  are you actually kidding me here ? 
  like , are you pretending to write this poorly ? 
  anyway , i guess i will not bother trying to simplify my writing so that i can successfuly communicate with you . 
  good luck on your pro mass immigration adventures .
