  showing your intolerant nazi side again , germany ? 
  let 's face it , there is nothing that you will actually accept as true if it paints a bad picture of the `` average muslim '' . 
  from the first sentence i hoped this would be sarcastic , but apparently it 's not . 
  please stop spreading / r/atheism levels of nonsense and read a history book on the topic . 
  `` the beginnings of western science '' by lindberg is a good , acclaimed read and will quickly teach you about the overwhelmingly positive role of the church for european advancement . 
  i 'm telling you this as an atheist by the way . 
  you better shut up , the evil white people are fully responsible for his death, 
   she ca n't just make decisions and expect other countries to just agree and play along . 
  but the solidarity !, 
  solidarity demands everyone suffers equally for german decisions !, 
  the v4 party is just getting started , plenty of opportunities to have great relationships in the future, 
  yes , how dare the filthy rich hungarian state not use their nearly endless financial resources to create an entire country inside a country for the coming migrants . 
  where are the shelters , and where are the fucking translators , and above all else , where are the social benefits ? 
  i saw the food throwing clip without any commentary and i genuinely thought it was a job well done by the police , delivering the aid to as many people as possible despite the raging group of people at the front who would otherwise grab everything , making the best out of a bad situation . 
  then i find out other people who saw the same exact video now consider hungarian police to be literally ss . 
  are the western leftists * that * disconnected from reality ? 
  what solution would they prefer ? 
  to wait until a nice queue is formed , so until the end of time ? 
  to not distribute any food at all ? 
  to only feed the most brutal migrants who manage to push themselves to the front , while everyone else starves ? 
  can someone who actually thinks the hungarian police was in the wrong explain what better solution they see ? 
  or is their problem with the general fact that a poor post-soviet country ca n't coddle the migrants as much as their rich countries probably could ? 
  the usual response to a `` westerner '' writing that kind of crap would be `` give us your money and then we can afford to handle the migrants your way '' but then you 're from portugal xd, 
   equality cultures are not equal and will most likely never be , no matter how much the / r/europe moderation would like to enforce that opinion . 
  brown walkers, 
   some other countries that are almost chronically stubborn and uncooperative in handling european-scale issues together . 
  did you mean `` chronically stubborn and uncooperative in suffering together for idiotic decisions made by germany and germany only '' ? 
  godspeed on that fence , orban, 
  says the motherfucker who cried his way through all the comments under this post , really ? 
  is there any sort of information , news , analysis , opinion pieces that are against immigration and which you would consider fitting the rules , or are you that multikulti ? 
   guy presented his opinion  i presented my opinion  the french still get butthurt over it somehow le lol, 
   because who decides all that ? 
  the supreme soviet under chairman / u/provisionalusername , of course, 
   far cry from a valuable member of our community being banned you were made the fucking authority on who 's valuable ? 
  when was that ? 
   he banned people for posting the stats which is not against the rules . 
  oh it checks out then , the ban was justified . 
  cull the troublemakers !, 
  it 's completely useless , i jump straight to the english even if it 's a post in polish out of habit, 
  i 'm pretty sure it was pointed out somewhere that mr. megasujet / u/dclausel did n't care about some seriously fucked up hardcore antisemitic shit posted in one of the french-speaking subs he moderates , while ... well , everyone knows his moderation style in / r/europe . 
  could be wrong though . 
  why ca n't you take the 800 migrants , estonia ? 
  it 's only 1600 migrants , there is no way 3200 migrants can harm your country . 
  is your country really that weak that you have to be afraid of 6400 migrants ? 
  accepting those 12800 migrants is your moral duty , estonia . 
  / u/savannajeff does that like every other time he decides to participate in any discussion , really . 
  professional goalpost mover at this point . 
   `` in 2011 27 % of all foreign prisoners in finland were estonians ... '' do you understand that 's useless without comparing the numbers of estonians in finland to all other foreigners ? 
  they could make 27 % of foreign prisoners just because , as you said , there 's a lot of them in finland , while the percentage of estonians doing crime could be low, 
   not the shared responsibility they dare not to want shared responsibility for german actions they had no say in ?!, 
  the rest of eu is not your fucking dumping ground . 
  if czech republic cooperated with germany in the glorious `` we will accept everyone '' mission , and only then turned back on it to leave germany with the results , you could be talking about avoiding shared responsibility . 
  everything you need to know was provided [ here ] ( https://pl.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3j82go/if_we_rescued_the_banks_we_can_save_refugees/cunfy44 ), 
  are you actually trying to pretend your mutti did n't invite syrians to her country ? 
  i 'm not going to be your personal googler to provide you with stuff that made headlines a few days ago . 
  her current strategy seems to be attracting as many migrants as possible by throwing around statements on how germany can take them , then pushing for eu-wide distribution of the overwhelming amounts of migrants . 
  for some reason your straightforward questions make this look like a hilariously bad attempt at interrogation . 
  i 'll sum it up for you : i believe that migration from former communist occupied europe , or at least from poland , generally provides a benefit both to the uk and to the immigrants , while migration from africa only benefits the migrants while harming the countries they come to . 
  i read your dailymail ( lol ) article and it 's garbage - it seems to try to repeat that there 's a lot of migrants in 10 different ways to fill up more space or sound more dramatic ? 
  curiously lacks any sort of real economic analysis besides two unsourced quotes . 
  when all the recounting of how many poles are the in uk is done , the truth shows : some brits are angry because they can no longer do dogshit work for a high price as there are now good and cheap workers available , which is not the case with african migrants . 
  we can continue if you show me economic analysis done by professionals that shows polish economic immigrants provide a net loss to the british economy . 
  try to stay away from dailymail if you 're gon na look for that . 
  so you 're comparing polish people in the uk with african immigrants xd ? 
  do you think they are also going to provide higher quality work for a lower price than the locals and overwhelmingly stay away from unemployment benefits ? 
  i never said there are no syrian refugees at all , right ? 
  for the record i think we should provide temporary asylum for actual refugees until they can safely return , but most definitely we should not act the way the leftists ( and merkel ) want to . 
  i 'm not some inhuman `` brown '' people-hating monster . 
  since most of discussions with you really seem to keep going in circles over very basic matters , i doubt the anti-refugee people have a high opinion of you either :\\ ^ )  i do n't see him as wanting to bring immigrants , rather to protect refugees . 
  i repeat , he thinks option 1 . is option 2 . 
  his posting history , his fanatical attitude to the cause of bringing immigrants to europe , the quality of his arguments ? 
  it 's literally a child . 
  you do n't understand . 
  he does n't see or know the difference . 
   that 's not how it is . 
  that 's exactly how it is and you know it . 
  merkel is pushing for other countries to take refugees left and right . 
  was n't it requestes that the uk issues a similar statement about welcoming refugees ? 
  did n't germany threaten to reestablish border control just recently ? 
  you must be ignoring reality to think that 's not the case . 
  i never said he 's aware of the nature of `` refugees '' . 
  oh , no doubts about that . 
  it 's na\u00efve to think a random german leftist who barely understands what 's happening gets to decide about anything , though . 
  his argument here is basically `` we can take them because i think we can take them , now take refugees because it looks like you do n't have refugees '' . 
  sure , he has his vote , but the decisions were already made for him . 
   making decisions together . 
  interesting choice of words for the german strategy of attracting as many immigrants as possible , then desperately trying to dump them on countries that never wanted them in the first place . 
  that is not `` making decisions together '' . 
  you made a decision , then you want others to suffer the costs of your decision . 
  that 's what it is . 
  i believe `` people who pretend to come from a warzone in order to receive european welfare '' might fit his definition of a refugee but not mine , leading to this misunderstanding . 
  he could 've said that then . 
  it still would n't be agreeable , as we do n't owe shit to masses of economic migrants and to turkey, 
  what the fuck is he trying to say by `` turkey ca n't take them all . '', 
  then ? 
  it 's a completely worthless statement in the context of his reply unless he 's comparing turkey to some place that can take them all . 
   and poland can definitely take more . 
  luckily you do n't get to decide about a single thing that happens in poland . 
  and europe ca n't take them all either . 
  congratulations , you 're starting to get it .
