  lol, 
  crisis solved, 
  that would be intolerant, 
  what ? 
  judging by their looks , those people have experience of what can be caused by far leftism in the form of soviet occupation . 
  this just might be the dumbest thing i read this week . 
  well what do you know , migrant quotas may have a positive effect after all . 
   tell them germany is up north according to turboleftists here i 'm a nazi racist xenophobe , but compared to you that 's nothing . 
  if you think the migrants would fucking fall for that , you must literally consider them to be some kind of human cattle . 
  and you 're aparrently defending migrant quotas , so you 're supposed to be much higher morally than me , are n't you ? 
  those people all have smartphones , you know that ? 
  i 'm just gon na assume that means all three at once . 
  you see , you gave much less context than the guy :\\ ^ ), 
  i understand very well what question you asked . 
  it was `` do you criticize christians and jews for what their holy book calls for , or for what they actually do , or not at all ? '' . 
  now , to anyone without autism , or anyone who is not a fucking retard or a fanatical leftist who looks for every option to discredit those who would argue against multikulti , it should be very obvious that the guy replied `` yes '' to a specific part of your question , which is as i said `` do you criticize christians and jews for what their holy book calls for , or for what they actually do ? '' . 
  it 's extremely obvious in context unless you have one of the sad conditions mentioned above . 
  i really do n't understand how you could read his post and have any doubts , really . 
  so , which one is it for you ? 
  autism , crippling retardation or leftism ? 
  i think it 's very easy to understand which part of your post he replied `` yes '' to . 
  it 's `` do you criticize christians and jews for what their holy book calls for , or for what they actually do ? '' . 
  he did n't avoid anything . 
   hateful things about muslims oh no , everything but hateful things about people following a religion started by a rapist warlord pedophile . 
  there was a vid yesterday of a `` refugee '' complaining pretty hard about being fed pasta all the time ( instead of the gourmet dishes he really deserves , i guess ), 
  he 's angry about the `` refugees '' but it would be * racist * to show it , so he released it all on you instead . 
  ali , i do n't think we made it to germanistan, 
  send them to romania , let them join the fun !, 
  [ where are you in this pic ? 
   indonesia that virginity police tho, 
  i originally made my account to post about starcraft 2 and other video games , now my recent post history is 90 % migration crisis and anti islam . 
  it 's natural that people shift their attention to matters they consider important , is n't it ? 
  hungary i trick yuo, 
  pragmatically , if that causes germans to think about their migration policy and therefore vastly reduce rapes for years to come ... 
  it 's all our fault, 
   typical xenophobic eastern scum lol, 
  wait till you figure out they are not brown and do n't come with a chance of beheading . 
   taking posts with le memeface seriously, 
  what ? 
  eastern europeans are white , ca n't be any xenophobia there :\\ ^ ), 
  yes . 
  you want them and we do n't . 
  you take them . 
  it 's really that simple . 
  what is forcing you to take them , besides your fucked up post-ww2 guilt ? 
  great , then you can have them . 
  really , all yours . 
  i do n't see a problem . 
   ( on the other hand , try to find someone in poland over 30 who believes in evolution ) . 
  shows how much you know on the fucking subject, 
   but just saying `` our culture is not accepting of ` x ' '' seems a bit defeatist to me . 
  it 's absolutely not . 
  our culture is not accepting of rapists , our culture is not accepting of pedophiles , our culture is not accepting of muslims , our culture is not accepting of murderers . 
  none of these are `` defeatist '' . 
  cultures should reject bad things . 
   then men have to suffer from women i 'm sure you wanted to say `` men have to suffer from women unless they are muslims '' , right ? 
  you do n't wan na be racist here , do you ? 
  mi sie za to chce xd  anyway , suicidal thoughts do n't get you put in a mental institution . 
  i broke down hard after i left my psychiatrist 's office  i was in a juvenile psych ward jestes takim jebanym nieudacznikiem xd, 
  i 'm sure they will all start rushing to poland once they find out about the prospect of getting 600z\u0142 ( 140 euro ) welfare per month . 
  solidarity , the eu version !, 
  everyone gets to pay for german decisions !, 
  probably very popular , because the public will think their mutti tried her best to save all those poor syrian children , but fascist ungrateful eastern states did n't want to help ? 
  watpie zebym znalazl tam aseksualne dzieci z depresja wiec wspolczynnik beki jest zdecydowanie wiekszy tutaj  how do you feel about the appearance of your naked body ? 
   tw\u00f3j angielski jest chujowy  co masz mu do zarzucenia  m\u00f3wi\u0119 o tobie i o tamtym kretynie naprawd\u0119 nie wiem ju\u017c o czym m\u00f3wisz tbh  i will never speak to a psychologist anymore , and my therapist is pissing me off . 
  i 'm considering quitting therapy  what 's even worse , i 'm asexual , so i will never have a relationship for the sake of the other person co za biedulek :(, 
  no , i think as the numbers of immigrants grow and grow , the `` western '' position of `` let 's just distribute those 160000 people and everything 's fine  ) ) ) ) ) ) '' will look more and more outrageous . 
  i think i still prefer british teeth to that smugness, 
  that 's some really questionable banter m8, 
  okay ? 
  it still has nothing to do with my post which , i repeat , said `` not a catholic , stopping islam still sounds pretty damn good . 
  what now ? '', 
  and nothing else . 
  the conversation was n't really about this protest anymore when i wrote it , i think . 
  i really do n't care much about this particular protest , and i do n't know why you think i do . 
  i would n't wipe my ass with wyborcza and i generally think we have much bigger issues to deal with right now than lgbt stuff , but that 's besides the point . 
  how did you read `` stopping islam still sounds pretty damn good '' and understand `` this crowd from the video is a fine group of open-minded people and i would gladly join them '' ? 
  i wrote exactly what i wrote , that stopping islam sounds good . 
  that does n't make me an ally of every other person that does n't like islam , onr protesters included . 
  stop reading too deep into stuff . 
  wait , you do n't think germans murdered their own citizens back then ? 
  american education is somehow even worse than i though . 
  i mean , holy shit , is n't that the one topic from world history they are supposed to actually teach you pretty well ? 
  because you abuse the term and call absolutely anyone who dares to show any sort of disagreement with your fanatical pro-immigration views a racist , therefore making it useless as no sane person will care if your kind considers them racists or not ? 
  anyway , i will repeat since for some reason you were not able to answer the first time : would you kindly point out the agreement or treaty that makes immigrants who passed through like 6 safe countries our responsibility in any shape or form ? 
   germany is better in every conceivable way i assume you did n't compare the amounts of innocent victims in 20th century wars , * ja ? 
  * unless more is still better ... 
  do you have to be a direct victim of something before you form an opinion about it ? 
  it 's impossible to have one based on the information available ? 
  i think the effects of mass muslim imigration in countries that already attempted it are telling enough , we do n't need our very own street beheading to decide they are incompatible . 
  were n't you proudly telling me before how you campaign for kurdish independence , when you listed all your leftist agendas ? 
  what was the last time turkey occupied you , then ? 
  you would n't be concerned about anything that did n't harm you directly , right ? 
   if by `` poles '' you mean `` catholic poles '' then yes . 
  not a catholic , stopping islam still sounds pretty damn good . 
  what now ? 
  by all means point out the agreement or treaty that makes immigrants who passed through like 6 safe countries our responsibility in any shape or form . 
  but do n't worry , we are already taking much more immigrants than your frozen dump , they just happen to be ukrainians who wo n't beahead anyone in the street , which i guess makes them far less enriching . 
  want some distribution quotas on them ? 
   so some have to walk a bit .
