  i believe we have n't been taking orders from any german since the general government back when you started a world war , so apologies but we will wait a bit with that :\\ ^ ), 
  do n't like the conditions in hungary ? 
  pay up . 
  you have turkish flair though , so the confusion is understandable, 
  greatest ally of the anti-american european left , right here :\\ ^ ), 
  well , sounds like you fucked up . 
  this is a serious sub we make serious posts here, 
  i recall someone with belgian flair couple days ago pretty much calling eastern europe scum of the earth for not wanting refugees . 
  funny how that works . 
   where do you go when you 're angry at the west ? 
  somewhere far from the west where you can live in relative luxury because you have a million pounds ? 
  this argument comes up all the time . 
  honestly , do you think that every muslim/brown person has the potential to abandon all reason and join the pure evil that is isis , and they only need to unlock the murderous fanatic in them by being mistreated by the west ? 
  that seems ... pretty mean to brown people . 
  no , i do n't think that 's what happened . 
  the guy was n't innocent when he was first captured . 
  are burgers even halal, 
  so basically , germany is the global authority on those matters , or on matters of morality in general ? 
  they get to decide about the religions acceptable in their country , shit , they get to decide what is religion and what is not , while it 's immoral for anyone else to do it ? 
   it 's quite revealing that you equate islam with scientology though . 
  of course i do n't . 
  islam is much more dangerous than scientology could ever be , just going by the number of people believing that bullshit . 
  in this case i understand scientology will be recognized as a religion in germany soon ? 
  by your own admission , not doing so would be : * abolishing freedom of religion * corroding the core principals of our civilization and human rights * paranoid * similar to the treatment of judaism in the past it 's hilarious how germans pick and choose what they want in their country and then act outraged when others wish to do the same . 
  so what will merkel say if my country does n't recognize islam as a religion , but a set of extremely dangerous political ideas whose followers would openly seek to abolish our current system , through sharia law which is at the core of islam ? 
  or is this a privilege reserved to germany only ? 
  i assume this is for real , not typical russian `` we disagree on something politically so we just happened to find ebola and hiv in your chickens '' ? 
  i mean , they 're usually friendly enough with india, 
  obviously for not following suicidal german ideas and not being rich or influential enough to quietely get an opt-out with no bullshit talk about `` solidarity '' and `` european values '' , like the uk . 
  a little corridor , maybe ? 
   contribute in some way whenever they can , in this instance by taking in refugees . 
  i will gladly accept that when we 're allowed to participate in the making of key decisions , so for example when we can stop momma merkel from issuing statements that will motivate half of the entire middle east to pack up and start walking towards germany . 
  as it is now , the crisis is fully merkel 's business and we have zero obligation to help her . 
  yes , you have a strong economy and contribute a lot of money from that economy . 
  which is why germany does n't get to push you around with forced migrant quotas and `` solidarity '' talk , hence the opt-out . 
  that 's what i said , but thanks for reiterating . 
  i think they most definitely are not , since i do n't recall they were asked by merkel if she should be issuing those statements that triggered the latest immigrant rush . 
  making decisions together and then dealing with their results together = solidarity watching germany make terrible decisions while repeatedly telling them they are making terrible decisions , then being forced to suffer the consequences together with them = / = solidarity, 
   i could do something useful instead ? 
  `` something useful '' is what you call browsing proasyl.de , right ? 
   i have no arguments whatsoever so i will pretend i 'm just joking around :\\ ^ ), 
  i thought the usual leftist technique was to call your opponent a nazi , not pretend to be a complete idiot . 
  oh well , you 're evolving :\\ ^ ), 
  does n't mean he 's supposed to be happy about masses of german idiots ( especially mutti merkel ) slandering his country , right ? 
  it 's different because , you see , uk is not an economically weak former soviet puppet that can be pushed around . 
  you ca n't expect them to share the burdens , right ? 
  you took `` muh solidarity '' to 11 , wow, 
  i do n't think `` peasant '' is a leftist-approved insult . 
  proceed to the nearest antifa group for reprogramming . 
  are you that dense ? 
  it 's infinitely more rational than the side who chooses to pretend anyone who disagrees with them must be a neonazi . 
  \\  ddr builds wall \\  ddr shoots its own citizens who try to cross the wall \\  brd welcomes all who survive crossing the wall from ddr this leaves literally nothing to perspective . 
  wait . 
  if orban builds a fence , germany thinks he 's an inhumane xenophobic monster and deserves to have all the eu moneys cut off . 
  if orban lets them through ( because none of them want to be in hungary ) , he 's also bad because it 's bad for germany ? 
  just what the fuck do you want him to do ? 
  if the idea of a country too poor to provide thousans of euros to each immigrant scares you so much , you should think about funding it . 
  citizens benefit first , then immigrants , of course . 
  i 'll wait for your money . 
  funny how your refugee insanity is supposedly motivated by moral reasons and german guilt but you have absolutely no problems with this colonialist attitude . 
  they wo n't do what we tell them ? 
  starve them out !, 
  what 's the difference ? 
  why do you have this fanatical need to sacrifice for some middle eastern immigrants while treating the biggest victims of your 1939-1945 adventures like tools ? 
  how does the guilt work ? 
  if this is the german attitude then i hope you enjoy your reich while it lasts . 
  so hopefully not very long . 
  which they have precisely because they would never agree on any quotas . 
  german atitude is fucking despicable , they pretend it 's about * muh european solidarity * when poor states want nothing to do with their refugee insanity , then at the same time they do n't even bother trying to force uk because they know they ca n't bully them into submission . 
  it 's not about solidarity , it 's about dumping their problems where they can ( ee ) and not dumping them where they ca n't ( uk ) . 
  at least fucking own up to it . 
  you [ read a wiki article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/central_europe ) inb4 `` wiki is only a credible source when it supports my views '', 
   according to meps and officials , merkel also said during the meeting that the eu treaties should be changed `` if necessary '' to deal with important issues . 
  heyy , who knew , i actually agree with mutti merkel :d ( but there 's a small chance we 're thinking about changes in different directions ), 
  [ you know who he means ] ( http://www.zbierak.pl/static/img/gotowe/458adfc558699d5ba53eaf700ca7e592.jpg ), 
   there 's also an sld - the farmers party psl , sld is dying out former communists, 
  oh it 's fine then , what the hell does she expect , being a woman and all . 
  stupid article :d, 
   turkish nation have been oppressed for centuries by european colonialism i wonder how many tumblr reblogs this would get it if was written in their typical literallycanteven dae white people way . 
  someone out there already used to call ottoman empire `` muslim liberators '', 
  `` violent assault is awesome when directed at the * evil rich * :d :d :d those comrades just protestin ' :d :d '' \\ - / u/zyllber , representative of marxism on / r/europe i love it when your kind shows its real face from time to time . 
  the only thing that changed since the red terror is your capacity to violently harm those who you blame for all your problems . 
  in a different time and place you would be happily hunting kulaks and `` counterrevolutionaires '' . 
  well , it is a shit article , why should n't it ? 
  mexican california was a bunch of colonies along the coast with a total population of 80000 people, 
   magyar ciganys where 's a lithuanian when you need him, 
   so should we get rid of intolerant , homophobic and sexist right-wing polish parties who refuse to recognize secularism and women 's rights ? 
  i will repeat myself : that would be the final goal in the long term , yes . 
  do you expect anyone who disagrees with you on mass immigration to be a religious far right conservative who hates islam but loves jesus through some crazy logic ? 
   so much for `` austrians do n't want refugees '' . 
  austrians are free to do whatever they wish to their country as long as they keep the end results to themselves and , after inevitably being overwhelmed , wo n't agressively push to redistribute the migrants to countries that do n't want them and have no means to provide for the migrants . 
  optimally austrians should recognize that ecouraging people to swim here in shitty boats is a horrible idea that harms everyone while doing nothing to solve the actual problem , but as i said , as long as the result is contained to austria , it 's your choice . 
  that will obviously not happen and sooner or later i will see you right in this subreddit , together with the germans , arguing why my country has to participate in another round of refugee redistribution quotas because solidarity and this and that . 
  then another , and another , and another . 
   that 's so incredibly easy  final goal in the long term please at least read the post with some understanding before going on one of your far left shitfits that do n't impress anyone . 
  i never said it will be easy , but it has to be the end goal because it will be a massive improvement to the quality of life of hundreds of millions people around the world . 
  in particular to the quality of life of women , homosexuals and other vulnerable groups , which is why you should also be hoping for this as well instead of defending backwards religions because you think following * muh cultural relativism * makes you a better person or something . 
  were you by chance at the march in wien yesterday ? 
  i have n't seen so many misguided people in one place at once in my life , i thought i was gon na be stucked [ with this ] ( https://readbodylanguage.files.wordpress.com/2011/05/draft_lens8529101module74020401photo_1260740146microexpressions-disgust.jpg ) permanently by the time the really radical commie groups from the back showed up :d, 
  that would be the final goal in the long term , yes .
