  in all seriousness , we are not lazy . 
  the fact that most stores and services are closed from 13:30 to around 17:00 , makes foreigners get the impression that we do fucking nothing . 
  but people do things during those hours , family related stuff mostly and other responsabilities . 
  at the end of the day we work 8 hours , it 's only that our schedule is different . 
  yup , they did a good job at giving credit to the sterotypes when they chose him, 
  we are not laz ... z ^ z ^ ^ z, 
  [ alhambra 1925 ` milnos ' ] ( https://i1.wp.com/hedonistshedonist.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/alhambra-reserva-1925-cerveza-%e2%80%93fluffy-foam-and-nice-lacing-photo-by-denise-castillon-2016.jpg?resize=776%2c600 ) 2 . 
  [ cibeles ( rubia ) ] ( https://birrapertoriodelxino.files.wordpress.com/2015/04/img03543-20140519-2026.jpg?w=627 ) these are my 2 favorites no doubt , but i do n't have one that comes to mind as a clear third . 
  this one is amazing, 
  yup !, 
  i said andalusia , but really you 'll only hear it in cadiz x ), 
  - iyo / quillo - very andalusian ( i guess it comes from ` chiquillo ' ) - picha ( or pisha ) / chocho ( or shosho ) - andalusian too , they mean dick and pussy respectively , and you use it to greet someone you like - acho / chacho - said in extremadura . 
  similar to ` quillo ' , i guess it comes from ` muchacho ' , which is synonymous of ` chiquillo ' ( both meaning ` young person ' ) there are more , someone keep adding, 
  yea , it 's much like the case of sampedro ( the guy that inspired the film ) . 
  only in this case , he was farsighted and did it by himself before becoming 100 % dependant , so no one had to physically help him and deal with the stress of killing a loved one . 
  a couple of months ago a man here had to put an end to his life by his own means because he was diagnosed a very severe case of als . 
  it was that , or fading away paralized , painfully and slowly , draging his family and loved ones in his misery . 
  here 's an article about it in english : http://elpais.com/elpais/2017/04/06/inenglish/1491467932_906074.html he recorded the process while explaining why he would do it and how . 
  the video is in yt ( obviously whith the part where he dies censored ) . 
  that video is the best posible critique to the current legislation , and a very sad document . 
  i have n't found it subtitled in english , sorry . 
  personally i think that people in his situation should have means to do what he did , on their own will , legally . 
  i love portugal as a place to visit while feeling aboard , but not too ` alien ' , if that makes sense ( for the record , i try my best to speak portugese ) . 
  i also find our parallel history very interesting . 
  pastel de nata is yummy af . 
  check out this map indicating the amount of charge stations around the globe : https://www.electromaps.com/puntos-de-recarga/mapa according to this , in spain we have plenty ( i guess it is plenty ) , there are only a few regions that are not very populated left without chargers . 
  but i 'm not sure if it 's very accurate , according to this , there are only a couple in greece , and none in lithuania . 
  which i find very susprising and not very convincing . 
  marginal , sadly . 
  at least you see more and more hybrids as time go , they 're becoming very popular . 
  but pure electic cars ? 
  those are not popular here , despite a lot of incentives to buy them . 
  you see one nissan leaf here and there , a renault zoe ... 
  i mean , they 're not unicorns , in big citties you see them daily , but still , they are far from being popular . 
  most people buy them as a 2nd car , and they always speak wonders about them . 
  when compared with hybrid / gasoline cars , the initial investment is expensive for the average spaniard ... and then you have the doubt of if you should rent or buy the batteries . 
  also people here rather buy a very nice car because everyone sees it , but then inside their home they are taking baths with a bucket and having canned tuna for dinner . 
  it 's an hyperbole , but you get the point x ), 
   i guess what i 'm asking is ; will i get jumped by some random europeans thinking i 'm an illegal immigrant just because of the color of my skin ? 
  in spain ? 
  unless you put yourself to sell air fresheners near a traffic light ... or you know , do something that illegals use to do . 
  and even so , we wo n't care , we 'll leave you doing your thing , the average spaniard is n't judmental in this regard . 
   because even though i 'm 100 % pure bred filipino ; people have mistaken me for spanish , indian , middle eastern , samoan , maori , islander , chinese and japanese . 
  japanese , indian , spanish ... o_o wat ? 
   but yeah , any dangers i should be aware of in europe being a filipino ? 
  ofc not . 
  not even remotedly in spain . 
  philipines is so cool , it 's a beautiful place in a very interesting region of the world . 
  many of you have spanish names and are catholic , you have cool martial arts influenced by destreza , speak english and/or a lot of native languages . 
  it 's a very unique place . 
  i wonder ... how does the average filipino feel about spain ? 
  and how do you feel about it ? 
  like this : no kids for me , but my favorite names are helena and eulalia for girls , and francisco for guys . 
  f\u00e1tima is also common in spain, 
  i did n't complete the test , because i find myself clicking on ' i do n't have a word for that ' and ` other ' constantly . 
  but i can tell you that i use way more american lingo than british or australian , because i consume way more american media . 
  even tho since i was a kid i 've been teached the kind of english that they speak in great britain . 
  yup , i feel so alien doing this test . 
  yea , that 's why i chose those 3 states 1st , i 'd expect to hear my native language more often around there , and it would ease the cultural impact , 
   dude , in the matter of gender violence , we are the better country . 
  probably , but here 's still room for improvement . 
   just think , how many times have you seen a foreign show/film with a woman debating if she should give up her career to raise children or adopt her husband 's name after marriage ? 
  having such plots in spanish media would be nonsensical if not outright impossible . 
  so much for this bullshit stereotype of spanish culture being male-centric and patriarchal . 
  fiction . 
   your message is basically an example of what i 'd consider spain 's real fault : this widespread belief that we are always the worst in everything , no matter what - and that since we ca n't get better anyway , why should we try ? 
  it 's the exact opposite . 
  being good at something does n't mean that it 's a non issue . 
  this month women have died in spain killed by their couples . 
  aknowledging an issue is what moves you forward to improve . 
  my sister got stalked by her ex ( using programs to get her passwords and shit ) , he also dared to raise his hand at her , good thing the situation did n't go further . 
  my aunt got hit by my ex-uncle . 
  in my neighborhood ( not a particularly bad one ) there have been cases of domestic violence . 
  idk man , i must be very unlucky , but i see these kind of things . 
  and looking away does n't make them dissapear . 
  alabama . 
  i 'll grow a mullet , use suspenders and live near a swamp !, 
  for reals : i 'd probably start in california , arizona or even new mexico , and from there , once used to the lifestyle and the culture , i 'd decide for a definitive place to stay . 
  i like nature and stuff , so alabama was kinda a joke , but not completely . 
  i agree , but even if we are one of the best countries in this matter , it still exist and it 's very backwards . 
  let 's not compare us with worse countries , only with better countries . 
  * edit : also , what 's the deal with paraguay ? 
  it 's doing better than the rest of latin america but it 's not preciselly the most advanced nor progressive country in its area . 
  i would expect it from uruguay , argentina or even chile . 
  good on them tho . 
  it has many , the ones that i find the most important are : gender violence ( laws are very protective in this regard and we have tribunals everywhere that are specialized in this subject , but it still exist ) . 
  subpar educational system when compared with most of europe . 
  animal torture seen as art and protected by the state . 
  rampant unemployment . 
  do n't get me wrong , i love spain , the good things overcome the bad ones by far , but it 's far from being a perfect place . 
  a cani is basically a spanish chav , in latin america the equivalent is ` wachiturro ' which sounds hilarious x ), 
  once a day . 
  in summer when it 's too hot i also take a cold shower before bed or after lunch . 
  so once a day , twice when it 's too hot . 
  they 've stopped me and registered my car several times letting the dogs in and all ( my city is kind of a hotspot for drug trafficking ) , but they found nothing because i never carry nor consume anything . 
  so no , i 'm very lawful . 
  i 'd say the conquest of america and the colonial era . 
  do n't get me wrong , colonialism was n't a nice thing to do . 
  but if we look at what made us so huge and what made spanish culture and language so widespread , it 's hard to not say ` our colonial empire ' . 
  it also was the 1st one btw , we created an awful trend among european nations .
