  this is our core problem , but i felt like mentioning the aspects that i find more bothersome . 
  it 's the only social matter that comes to mind . 
  i actually thought about not mentioning it because i do n't care about it , it 's a complicated and touchy matter . 
  but if whe look at the country as a whole , the separation of catalonia or euskadi would hurt spain . 
  tho we 're growing again , we already touched our lowest point , let 's hope the future brings us good . 
  i zink they 's not bery vad . 
  these are a few songs that i like quite a lot , mostly rock . 
  i think spain is quite good at rock , we have true sewer poets , but a lot of it is lost in translation . 
  [ extremoduro - lo de dentro ] ( https://youtu.be/xhpqeqecs3i ) . 
  roughly translated as ` extremehard ( it 's a pun with the name of extremadura , where the band was born ) - the insides ' . 
  [ marea - la hora de las moscas ] ( https://youtu.be/ntdfhy-zw8m ) . 
  ` tide - fly 's time ' . 
  [ heroes del silencio - flor de loto ] ( https://youtu.be/ic4vr9y5rng ) . 
  ` heroes of the silence - lotus flower ' . 
  and my favorite song : [ elbicho - de imaginar & de tu mirar ] ( https://youtu.be/vze18iscf24 ) . 
  ` thebug - of imagining & of your gaze ' . 
  well , it 's actually 2 songs that go tied together . 
  the lyrics are odd , like a poem . 
  i think it talks about war , love and grief . 
  puppers are not food . 
  [ i do n't wan na hear any logical argument against this absolute truth ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/917/654/8a4.jpg ) . 
  ` the tree of knowledge ' by p\u00edo baroja is my favorite, 
   ketchup in a pizza or with spaghetti so you are still vikings ... 
  i see . 
  barbarians . 
  for reals now : on hotdogs , burgers and sometimes with breaded meat , in other words , in murican food . 
  i 'm more fond of mayonnise and alioli . 
  native : ` la lengua de las mariposas ' by jose luis cuerda . 
  a story about childhood , fraternity , war and betrayal . 
  foreign : ` babel ' by i\u00f1arritu . 
  a film about missunderstandings , cultural and comunicational barriers . 
  i like portugal , it 's been good times when i 've been there , i do n't feel like i 'm in a foreign country except for the language , which is n't even that difficult ( we have laguages that are more difficult without leaving the peninsula ) , people is pleasant for the most part . 
  also very helpful , some go as far as switching to spanish when they notice my broken accent , which is nice and very handy , but does n't help me to learn portuguese x ) i mean , i know i 'm in a foreign country , but i do n't feel like an ` alien ' so to speak , it 's easy to comunicate , the climate is the same and the way people live is very familiar . 
  it 's been some time since he was elected and i still ca n't believe how it came to be . 
  especially coming from obama who was such a moderate and progressive leader . 
  maybe i should know it , but what 's that quote from ? 
  n-no , you misunderstood me hahah ... please we do n't need to be freed !, 
  get those nukes away !, 
  it 's unbeliebable , but there 's people who still think franco was a good leader ( the son of a bitch that kidnaped a whole country ) , i guess it has to do with the economic boom during the 60s-70s and the propaganda . 
  some people are nostalgic i guess and do n't value freedom . 
  anyways , it 's not that big of a deal , since the overwhelming mayority of people is not like that . 
  spain has 0 far right politic groups in the parliment and is open in social matters . 
  and yeah , catalanofobia is a thing , extremely ridiculous , but happens u.u spain is always in inner conflict in one way or another , and some idiots eat the shit that the media generate . 
  my family , whenever i check the ( silenced ) whatsapp group i get aids . 
  it 's full with shitposting cursing catalonia , the moors and leftish politicians , also `` if franco woke up ... '' jokes . 
  i 'm in good terms with them , but ofc i avoid talking about politics with them . 
  i do n't even consider myself leftish ( nor right winged for that matter ) , it 's only that reducing politics to such a low level is retarded , it would annoy me equally if they were left wing nuts . 
  \u2022 catalonia : stingy as fuck . 
  they think they 're the coolest . 
  \u2022 andalusia : illiterate and lazy . 
  the best at telling jokes , if it 's not funny , you 'll laugh anyways at his accent . 
  \u2022 madrid : pretentious snobs . 
  \u2022 basque country : countryside brutes . 
  \u2022 extremadura : illititerate hillbillies , the deep spain . 
  these are the guys that you fight in resident evil 4 . 
  \u2022 murcia : it exist , apparently , we should make an expedition to verify it . 
  \u2022 the two castilles : wastelands . 
  please do n't get mad at me , these are just dumb stereotypes x ) i 'm andalusian by the way . 
  yeah , i should 've mentioned the world cup , i focused too much on politics x ) also mention to the homo marriage and what not , we 've lived interesting times for spain honestly , a lot of things happened . 
  on the top of my head : 2000 - transition to euros , end of the pesetas . 
  2004 - atocha bombings . 
  2008 - crisis . 
  2011 - eta anounces the end of their terrorist attacks . 
  15m movement against the questionable austerity measures and the laboral law . 
  the recession gets worse . 
  2014 - we are ` out of recession ' , but the unemployment still ridiculous . 
  2015 - ley mordaza ( muzzle law ) against public manifestations and other forms of public expression ( idk how the eu allows this ) . 
  2016 - end of bipartidism , now we have 4 big political parties . 
  in the process we spent 10 months without elected goverment ( in the end the same fucktards got into office , but without absolute mayority ) . 
  in spain there 's always a way back into the educational system . 
  the only issue is that university becomes expensive once you 've lost the scolarship that everyone gets when they enter for the 1st time . 
  when i went to the uni , you had to pass 70 % of the creddits ( i think it was 70 % but i 'm not sure , each asignature has a n\u00ba of creddits depending on how important or substantial it is ) . 
  fp ( vocational jobs ) are cheap , you can study careers without presencial classes in the uned ( if you ca n't afford a rent or displacements ) , etc. 
  i think the only issue with our system is how expensive the university becomes if you do n't keep high scores , which to be honest is a big one . 
  galicia and andalusia are quite particular too . 
   what are your thoughts about english being so commonly spoken/used in your country and the whole europe ? 
  it 's not !, 
  x ) there are some anglicisms , and words that we say in english because it sounds ` cool ' and ` hip ' . 
  but good luck casually finding spaniards that can actually hold a conversation in english . 
  most will be able to say some basic stuff , and then they 'll start inventing words by adding ' - ing ' at the end of spanish words and use exagerated hand gestures trying to make themselves understandable as it gets complicated . 
  that in most countries not taking off your shoes as you walk in a house is not only inappropriate , but also nasty ... no one does it here . 
  i guess it 's dependant on the weather of the region , here it 's hot and dry except in the north , so smelly feet could be more of a problem for some persons ( not me tho ) than leaving mud and water stains . 
  i personally have a pair of crocs that i only use at home , but because they 're comfy , not for hygiene . 
  * edit : yeah ... it 's been already talked about , i did n't read through the whole thread before posting x ), 
  when i 've been in portugal i 've made the efort of speaking portuguese , many people after hearing my broken andalusian accent switched to a perfect spanish without me saying where i was from nor anything hahah , we spaniards are so shit at languages u.u well , at least i am . 
  italian , portuguese , galician and catalan . 
  i can understand them to some degree , just because they 're fairly close to spanish . 
  but do n't ask me to speak them , i could n't x ), 
  i guess in the past it was to conquer the world and save every living soul from the flames of hell , making everyone pray to virgin mary and go to church on sundays ... 
  but we stopped caring when we got our shit pushed in by everyone . 
  if he says that bullfighting is barbaric and stupid , i 'd agree , if he says that homosexuality is inmoral and disgusting i 'd tell him to get back to his shithole , for example . 
  so it depends . 
  on the other hand religion ... 
  i do n't care at all , but spain is traditionally christian , and that has to be respected , even if you are not religious ( like me ) or pray to some other god . 
  yeah , i 've definitely seen the flag every now and then . 
  jeans ( better if tight ) , a t-shirt and a hoodie or a shirt . 
  running sneakers most of the times and black leather boots when sneakers are not an option . 
  now with the good weather i 'm starting to use shorts . 
  a lot of things , but everyday serrano jam . 
  loud noises .
