  australia teached them ? 
  that 's some fast paced progress . 
  not that religion is per se bad , but you know . 
  that 's quite interesting , thx !, 
  who 's legacy did he picked ? 
  i know that he 's a far right nut with an unhealthy fixation on muslims , but not much else . 
  for real ... who would re-start a conflict from centuries ago against a richer nation and without international support over a fucking rock full of monkeys ? 
  also they 're so protective with it . 
  uk ships have to cross spanish waters all the time to get in and out of gibraltar ... but as soon as a spanish ship touches their waters , all the red alarms get triggered , does n't matter if they 're fishermans or scientists . 
  it 's comical . 
  gibraltar now a days is nothing more than a reminder that , no matter how fine our relations are now , historically we 've been rivals . 
  it touches on our pride because it 's a reminder of a defeat , so many will see it as a shitstain in the map . 
  gibraltar has big fiscal benefits , so no . 
  so she becomes a symbol and someone takes her torch with even more success ? 
  her ideals and popularity get fed on terrorism . 
  terrorism has never been a solution for anything , even less in this case . 
  fair enough , that 's a big deal, 
  i expected spain to be top 10 ... what is holding us back compared with the countries above us ? 
  what did they take in consideration ? 
  imo the signature would lose value if it were made by governments known for being corrupt . 
  it would give an argument to those who oppose it . 
  the more the better is good only to a certain degree . 
  they have no shame , that 's for sure, 
  no way spain 's government will get into this , they 're no one to give lectures about corruption . 
  not long ago i saw [ ceaucescu 's last speech ] ( https://youtu.be/wwibctz_xwk ) for the 1st time , that 's some ominous and chilling footage . 
  also , go romania !, 
  make them backtrack on such a corrupt law . 
  1st andorra , then the world !, 
  uk is a cool place too , 
  the north is highly industrialized in comparison , while the south 's main economies are agriculture and tourism . 
  we are not as economicaly developed as the north and unemployment here is rampant specially among young people , so a lot ca n't afford universitary studies . 
  alternatives to the university are fp ( vocational studies ) , those are cheap ... but they are not a warranty of job , not at all . 
  you also can contest to join the public administration , but the competitiveness now a days is crazy high , so you need guidance and a lot of determination for this . 
  at the end a lot of young people here simply rely economically on their family and take any temporal job they can just to keep going . 
  i guess it 's fine as long as you have a supportive family and not many aspirations . 
  but still , not ideal imo , as we say here that 's ` bread for today and hunger for tomorrow ' . 
  things will get better in the mid-long run , i 'm optimist . 
  yup , andalusia . 
  things could go better around here . 
  that 's one good movie, 
  donemark , abortugal and oui out are gold, 
  true , my city 's port receives sub-saharan immigrants constantly , it 's crazy how they throw themselves to the sea . 
  they live in a country that gives them freedom , a good standard of living and that respects their beliefs . 
  why would n't they feel spaniards ? 
  they are spaniards , and they know very well that it is definitely better than being moroccan . 
  but it sucks the amount of troubles that both borders give us . 
  that was the most triggering comment that i 've read in this sub . 
  yes , a tax specifically for people who have installed solar panels . 
  the excuse is that even if they make their own energy , they still have to be connected to the electrical grid , to sell the excess of energy , and it needs maintenance . 
  before the crisis spain was really pro renewable energies , specially solar power , since we 're the sunniest corner of europe . 
  lots of subsidies for r+d and for people who installed solar panels , spain was leading the sector . 
  what happened is that people get the subvention for installing the solar panels and then they do n't need to pay anything for their energy , in fact they can even sell the excess of energy ... the state was n't getting anything in return for such a big investment . 
  then the crisis kicked in , bursting the bubble : subsidies cutted down to 0 and a tax for people with solar panels . 
  spain was so pro solar energy that killed the market . 
  now the goverment still pushing renewable energies , but making sure that everyone ( over ) pays for it . 
  summing it up : good intentions , but terrible execution that led to the stupidest possible situation . 
  the situation in spain is stupid , on one side you see a strong push for eolic energies , which is great ; but on other side you are not supposed to have a self-sufficient home , since you 'll receive the infamous `` sun tax '' . 
  basically they want to go green , but they also want to make sure that you still dependant on the same energy companies that have always been monopolizing the sector , with their inflated prices . 
  because we love talking shit about foreign countries , the only thing we love even more is talking shit about other regions of spain and about spain in general . 
  yes me too , i love the diversity of our country . 
  yes , our unity goes more or less [ like this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/b7cv1lq.png ) . 
  man that sucks , i 'd drink a battery 's liquid , i heard they have lithium . 
  / jk do n't do it kids . 
  only if you feel suicidal . 
  [ hard day in office ] ( http://tambiensomosasi.es/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/captura-de-pantalla-2013-10-14-a-las-12.25.51.png ), 
  here 's the plan . 
  this time we wo n't engage in civil war for a change . 
  this time we 'll screw r/portugal . 
  no , we wo n't conquer them ( lol why would we wan na do that ) . 
  also remember we can not engage in internatinal conflicts during world wars , it 's the tradition , you just respect it . 
  but there 's a way around it !, 
  now listen : everyone get a crowbar , go to the border and put it to use , with enough people we should be able to get rid of this pesky neighbour once and for all , push as hard as you can !, 
  we 'll send them all the way across the atlancic and they 'll end up in r/brazil , where they 'll become a province . 
  and the peninsula will be all for r/spain !, 
  i think turkey would 've won this easy if included . 
  hahah that 's what you do when you do n't mind if some old gypsy lady lights 2 black candles in your name . 
  fortune tellers with the rosemary branch are the worst . 
  if only !, 
  i dig that too , i love visiting sevilla , but i rather live in granada , it 's more town-like while being beautiful too , it does n't make me feel like an ant x ), 
  i love this place , seville in general is a damn beautiful place ^ __ ^ [ here ] ( http://www.retabloceramico.net/articulo0543.htm ) you can see pics in detail , the ceramic work is amazing . 
  there 's a ceramic mural for each province , many of them related to the reconquest . 
  in the process we 'll probably discover by accident some interspacial loophole that leads to massive resources and we become the most powerful empire , until we lose it all because we are inept and because extraterrestrials do n't care about our religion . 
  if spain is safe , how the hell do you drive in some other countries that makes us good in comparison ? 
  because here you see absolute dipshits on the steering wheel all the time . 
  we suck , i wan na be in 2007 for ever . 
  now i see , man it 's not even that cryptic , but i have no idea about german . 
  i do n't know about other countries , but in spain we keep calling the netherlands low land , `` paises bajos '' , i 'd say it 's just as common as saying `` holanda '' . 
  lol catalonia living up to the stereotype and being stingy even after death . 
  jk ^ ^ ^ ^ but ^ ^ ^ ^ not ^ ^ ^ ^ really, 
  [ hmm , let 's discuss it calmly ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/001/020/604/90b.jpg ), 
  my grandma 's spaghetti with butter is the best thing ever , caution is advised , good enough for me !, 
  at least italy thinks we have variety it seems \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  33 % in spain ? 
  nationalist populism here is not a thing . 
  far right and nationalist movements here are marginal , they do n't reach the parliment , like not even close . 
  man , even having a spanish flag makes you a `` facha '' ( a franco fanboy ) in the public eye , patriotism is not very popular around here , the more shit you talk about spain , the better . 
  during the inauguration of our parliment 's legislature earlier this month someone pulled a republican flag while the king was doing his thing , with the royal family being present , and no one made a huge deal about it . 
  much respect for italy 's ( and other mediterranean countries ) humanitary labor . 
  whether they drop them back wherever the ship comes from or not ( which i agree they should do , unless the ship comes from a warzone ) , they are saving lifes , and that 's something worth of much appreciation . 
  prague looks awsome in that pic tho , sinister as fuck but pretty .
