  greece is heaven on earth . 
   ask the gibraltarians . 
  do n't ask us . 
  i asked no one , i said we kick them out !, 
  opinions are overrated . 
  you do n't conquer by listening . 
  did we ask the natives of south america if they wanted catholicism ? 
  pff no !, 
  i say we kick the brits out of our legitimate rock for this offense ( the monkeys can stay ) and build a great column there and other in ceuta ( which is also clearly legitimely from spain , it 's different , you guys do n't understand ! ), 
  as a symbol of the expansion of our great nation . 
  now seriously ... give it back  :[, 
  i know well integrated muslims from morocco and i 've convived with a refugee from rwanda . 
  i talk from experience . 
  i live in a city tha receives pateras on a regular basis . 
  they come full of women and children , never elders because there 's no point for them . 
  they come from a situation of poverty without chances of improvement , sometimes from places at war . 
  yes this new islamic state is nuts and we need to control migrants , but from stablishing control to the amounts of bigotry in this thread there 's a difference . 
  maybe you 're the gullible moron and a bigot . 
  i do n't argue with bigots . 
  yeah it puzzles me too , their supporters are against it and people who care about bullfighting wo n't vote them anyway . 
  i think they would earn more votes if the clearly position themselves against it . 
  maybe it 's to give a `` spanish image '' if that makes any sense , bullfighting is politicized sadly . 
  maybe it 's like `` we 're progressive and want change , but hey !, 
  look , we are spaniads after all and respect traditions '' , if so , fuck that . 
  it 's a modality here too , one of the very few that i respect as it does n't involve any torture . 
  we call them recortadores . 
  while the best matadores drive lambos and receive the football star treatment , the best recortadores are average joes , needless to say that recortes take way more guts than corridas . 
  tauromaquia will evolve to be less barbaric in future generations ... 
  i hope . 
  it 's losing support as time goes on . 
  only rural areas and elder people really care about bullfighting , most spaniards do n't care about it and many ( more and more each day ) despise it . 
  one would think that it has unanimous support in andalusia considering how strongly it 's promoted in the media . 
  but far from it , most young people here loathe it too . 
  the bad thing is that none of the big political parties in spain right now is active against bullfighting , not even podemos ( the most progresive of the big ones ) , it 's leader said about a year ago that he does n't like it but that he would n't touch it . 
  to make it worse it has been politized in the fight between secesionist groups and the state . 
  the process to make tauromaquia less barbaric and forbid its wost forms will be a slow one . 
  ikr , i wish these edgelords saying all that crap never see themselves in a situation as bad a this one . 
  ffs refugees do n't cross the sea in a dinghy because they feel like it . 
  [ also , have we forgotten about ww2 ? 
  ] ( http://www.pri.org/stories/2016-04-26/what-it-s-inside-refugee-camp-europeans-who-fled-syria-egypt-and-palestine-during ), 
  my sis is learning it , when she speaks to me in german i manage to understand some lose words and simple phrases by comparison with english , i bet it must be an easy one for native english speakers . 
  it would be very fitting for the spanish educational system to offer german as an option besides french . 
  it would be english obligatory and then french and german as an option . 
  that documentary was really worth the watch . 
  thank you . 
  and about spain 's case ... 
  i think joseph bonaparte `` pepe plazuelas '' , during the french ocupation , is the worst offender , by his order lots of historical buildings were demolished and replaced by plazas , hence the nickname . 
  come on man , not in his cake day, 
  you rite , we should totally keep it , just tho show em ' !, 
  ofc not , what kind of fucked up society do you think this is ? 
  sorry i could n't say just one , i really like cinema but none of these stands over the rest , i find all these great for different reasons . 
  where do you live ? 
  tell me . 
  i 'll claim it for the king and for nuestra se\u00f1ora del pilar , i 'm going there right now , that 's what you get for making silly questions , welcome to spain . 
  for real now : ceuta and melilla have been spanish before morocco even exists . 
  if someone has the right to reclaim ceuta , it 's portugal . 
  gibraltar was ours and we lost it in a battle against england , so it itches . 
  now , what bothers many of us is that they are by far our worst neighborgs ( worse than morocco ) . 
  they are an enviromental hazzard for the straight , bother the region 's fishermen , there are tons of smuggling in the border and they are a tax haven . 
  many do n't give a damn about sovereignty , more so when they see themselves as britons . 
  but we do care about how much shit they give us . 
  olivenza is legally portugese , but it 's controlled by spain because not enough people in that town give a damn about where do they belong . 
  they are just comfy here . 
  i personally would n't mind if they were to be administrated by portugal , what difference does it make to me ? 
  nope , not that i know about . 
  tbh andalusian is the only dialect that can be hard to understand sometimes while being spanish , other regions directly do n't speak spanish . 
  whithin andalusia there are very different variants , from people who never use the sound * ` th ' * to people who never use the sound * 's ' * and barely pronounce consonants at the end of words , there are words specific to regions , etc. 
  there is some discrimination towards andalusian dialects and some shitty stereotypes , most of the times it 's all good and fun , who cares ? 
  but sometimes not , some twats really mean it when they mock andalusians . 
  not too long ago a member of the congress said that andalusians do n't know how to speak . 
  this same week [ the spanish consul in washington got fired for mocking the way susana d\u00edaz ( andalusia 's president ) speaks ] ( https://www.euroweeklynews.com/3.0.15/news/on-euro-weekly-news/spain-news-in-english/145244-spanish-consul-fired-for-%e2%80%98joking%e2%80%99-about-andalucia-president-susana-diaz%e2%80%99s-accent ) . 
  i 'm glad the central goverment made a statement by directly firing him , there are a lot of ways to attack andalusia 's president , but mocking the way she talks offends the whole region . 
  sometimes in the news they put subtitles to people with strong andalusian accents , even tho it 's still spanish with some particular vocabulary , and i do n't blame them . 
  i speak a variety of andalusian with a very strong * ceceo * , which makes it particularly difficult for me to pronunciate in english . 
  when i was like 13 ~ 14 i went to a summer camp , one of our monitors was a rwandan priest who left the country because of the genocide . 
  the guy was super nice , cheerful and speaked a perfect spanish . 
  this was around 2004 , so he had been for a long time in spain , he accommodated himself here and was well integrated . 
  i 'd swear he was hutu . 
  he did n't come back to that shithole once it all ended , and i do n't blame him , he made sure to fit in here . 
  flamenco is the most popular folk music in the south , i 'll share a couple of good performances : [ israel and pastora galv\u00e1n ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qec66tlu3e ) [ alba heredia and juan andr\u00e9s maya ] ( https://youtu.be/kwxq7o17wwo?t=104 ) this is a genre that i honestly very rarelly listen , but watching it is a whole different thing , it gains a lot live . 
  also i do n't care as much about the singing as i do for the dance and the guitar . 
  a more mainstream and less pure flamenco artist is [ elbicho ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vze18iscf24 ) . 
  i listen to this guy from time to time , i really love his music and his lyrics . 
  also in spanish : \u00a1 copazo !, 
  marylin manson removed his lower ribs so he could suck his own dick . 
  also his girlfriend only has one eye and ... you know how it follows ... 
  in the final episode of [ doraemon ] ( https://myanimelist.net/anime/2471/doraemon_1979 ) it 's revealed that doraemon is nothing but a product of nobita 's imagination , who is comatose . 
  i do n't even sure if you know what i 'm talking about x ) this series was big in spain during the 90s and early 00s , was it popular in the rest of europe ? 
  your flag is n't showing , we ca n't know where you are talking about x ), 
  yup . 
  plus spain 's penitenciary system is very tame , and focused on social reinserction . 
  people study in jails , do sport , sometimes they enter programs where they get a job . 
  you have to do something very fucked up to spend decades in jail . 
  where i live , i know about convicted people that get jobs in aliment procesing factories as a reinserction program . 
  black coffee and nothing else , i ca n't eat during the morning, 
  i like it too , i think it 's fitting for us , but it 's not perfect , here 's the problem : some banks only open during the morning and the same goes for some public services where they 'll only attend you during the morning : /, 
  normally it 's until 16:30 during most of the year and 17:00 ~ 17:30 during summer , no one wants to hang out during midday , the sun just hits too hard x ), 
  notice how no portuguese came to say that their girls do n't have moustache ( \u273f \u25d5 \u250c \u203f \u2510 \u25d5 ) really makes one think, 
  just woke up , sorry quick siesta . 
  yeah , i agree .
