  the reconquista is what built spain ( and portugal ) but colonialism is what gave us relevance . 
  on a cultural level , the spanish golden age and the generation of ' 98 , specially the golden age . 
  both movements were tied to times of decadence for spain ( my favorite book , ` the tree of knowledge ' , was written during the '98 gen. ) 1492 best year !, 
  : moors are finally out , america is discovered ( no vikings ... barbarians do n't count ) and castillian is endorsed as the official language . 
  saw them in lisbon during the made in germany tour . 
  man they 're the best , what a show !, 
  also their music is so unique and the lyrics are quite good too . 
  man , i love [ this painting ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5d/el_milagro_de_empel.jpg ) . 
  but i did n't know the story behind it . 
  i 'd say [ la ca\u00f1ada real ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zxcuoklvh0 ) . 
  yes , this happens in europe , it 's a national shame . 
  honestly idk , but the story of [ agustina of aragon ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/agustina_de_arag%c3%b3n ) during the first siege of zaragoza is cool . 
   in the summer of 1808 , zaragoza was one of the last cities in northern spain not to have fallen to the forces of napoleon and was therefore , by the time of the siege , choked with vast numbers of refugees fleeing the advancing grande arm\u00e9e . 
  in early june , the french began to advance on zaragoza , which had not seen war for about 450 years and was held by a tiny provincial force under jos\u00e9 de palafox , whose heroism would come to rival agustina 's . 
   on june 15 , 1808 , the french army stormed the portillo , an ancient gateway into the city defended by a hodgepodge battery of old cannons and a heavily outnumbered volunteer unit . 
  agustina , arriving on the ramparts with a basket of apples to feed the gunners , watched the nearby defenders fall to french bayonets . 
  the spanish troops broke ranks , having suffered heavy casualties , and abandoned their posts . 
  with the french troops a few yards away , agustina herself ran forward , loaded a cannon , and lit the fuse , shredding a wave of attackers at point blank range . 
   the sight of a lone woman bravely manning the cannons inspired the fleeing spanish troops and other volunteers to return and assist her . 
  after a bloody struggle , the french gave up the assault on zaragosa and abandoned their siege for a few short weeks before returning to fight their way into the city , house-by-house . 
  with the human cost proving truly terrible on both sides and the city 's defences hopelessly compromised , palafox finally accepted the inevitable and was forced to surrender the city to the french . 
  despite the eventual defeat , agustina 's action became an inspiration to those opposing the french . 
  so basically , when the spaniards were outnumbered and about to get rekt , agustina , who was there to deliver lunch to her husbando , fires a cannon on point blank against the french troops as they were entering zaragoza , turning the tables . 
  the [ alhambra ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/97/alhambra_l%c3%b6wenhof_mit_l%c3%b6wenbrunnen_2014.jpg ) , also the [ cathedral of granada ] ( https://cdn.theculturetrip.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/5890531741_c8afdf639d_b.jpg ) is pretty , but not as much . 
  as for the ugliest ... 
  i bet there 's something uglier , but i think that the [ lookout tower ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-n3vrt38ntsw/uiiighciiwi/aaaaaaaaag4/mt-nt42k78m/s1600/torre+urbana+parque+ciencias.jpg ) at parque de las ciencias is a crime . 
  yes , we 'll be first to do it , we 'll be rich but it 'll also be ultimely a disaster . 
  others will come after us and do it better and bigger . 
  aliens under encomienda and praying to virgin mary and extraterrestrial minerals galore . 
  same , i take care of as much plants as i can x ), 
  on the other hand it 's very beneficial for the environment , the surrounding flora benefits a lot from it . 
  but i get your point of view . 
   try thinking in english whenever possible . 
  it 's a great exercise . 
  also i like thinking in my mother 's tongue . 
  and about learning a 3rd language , i 'll do it !, 
  it 'll be french , i already know some , because i wan na be able to manage myself in such a beautiful country without resorting to english , just to feel more integrated and less tourist when i 'm there . 
  also whenever i get more free time , after i 'm done with my preparation to join the justice administration , i 'll start learning japanese , but it 's difficult and time consuming , so that 'll have to wait . 
  for me languages are more of a cultural thing , of being interested in the land where they come from and their culture , that 's why i personally do n't find esperanto appealing . 
  but the idea behind it is noble and i respect it even tho i 'm not interested . 
  idk , but i said that i was n't vegan , i was vegetarian , i ate honey and eggs . 
  i guess it depends on how strict you are with your definition of vegan . 
  honey and eggs can be obtained without harming the animals , tho in practice mass production of eggs is awful . 
  but honey production is very beneficial for the enviroment , and the bees are simply doing their thing like they would in nature , so i guess it gets a pass . 
  tho there 'll always be some nutcase telling you how awful you are for abusing and exploiting the bees hahah . 
  interesting stuff , ty !, 
  i 'll check them out when i have the time . 
  not much . 
  i was into it , i spent about a year not consuming animal products , except for honey and eggs ( so technically not vegan , vegetarian ) , also during family reunions and other compromises i had to forget about vegetarianism to not be ` that guy ' . 
  during that time i ate meat substitutes and other products for vegans and lots of seaweed . 
  these products were easy to find , they were available in many big supermarkets and some herbolariums . 
  but the whole thing is not very popular nor widespread , does n't help either that some vegans are shithead preachers . 
  it was nice , i felt healthy and back then i used to do a lot of sport . 
  but you do n't eat nearly as good , and by that i mean that vegan 's food is trash compared with your tipical spanish food . 
  but being vegetarian you can have tortilla de patatas , and some other good stuff . 
  in the end i left it because i missed mom 's cooking . 
  i see , many of you are saying the same . 
  does n't happen to me tho x ), 
  it 's all good . 
  when i 'm by myself i think in spanish 100 % of the time , even aboard . 
  my brain only switches to english when i 'm reading , listening or speaking english , but the rest of the time i 'm in spanish mode . 
  i 'm fluent when speaking english , i can speak it fast , only with a broken accent . 
  in fact , even when speaking english , if i get excited over something , angry or emotional , my brain goes back to spanish , and i have to double think what i say if i 'm in a formal situation or let the spanish words come out if it 's like whatever . 
  what i find myself doing a lot is thinking ` how would i say that in english ? 
  ' , it has helped me to learn the language . 
   i do . 
  various people in esperanto families or esperanto environments do . 
  that 's interesting . 
  so you in your everyday life think in esperanto , even tho most people around you do n't use it , because it 's your mother 's tongue ? 
  i gues very early exposure has a lot to do with it , what do you think ? 
  this and the whole thing about hebrew kinda gave me a new point of view on the subject . 
  that was interesting , you and the other guys who mentioned hebrew have a point . 
   prior to everything , i 've got to ask you if you 're monolingual ? 
  that 's the only explanation for your idiotic statement about thinking in esperanto . 
  and there 's where i stop reading . 
  you call me idiot and ignore my falg and the fact that i talked about spanish too , so no , i 'm not monolingual . 
  everyone thinks in his native language during his everyday life , even when aboard , you only switch and start thinking in a foreign language when you have to use said language . 
  at least that 's how it works for me and for many people . 
  not interested on what you have to say , you do n't start speaking with someone by saying that whatever he said is idiotic , but the internet ... is n't is marvelous ? 
  you can start a disscussion by calling someone idiot right away . 
   estimates from associations indicate that there are currently around 1,000 esperanto-speaking families a very few of them . 
  1000 families is barely a town !, 
  and they do n't even live together , so i wonder up to what point they actually use esperanto . 
  unless they live in a bubble with their close relatives i do n't see how they use esperanto more than the official language of their country , thus making the whole esperanto thing anectdotical . 
  english took its place , so ... pointless ? 
  i think english is a good ` true esperanto ' since it 's easy to learn for speakers of many other indoeuropean languages , because it 's quite simple in its structure , and even tho it 's technically a germanic language , it shares a shit ton of vocabulary with romance languages ( taken from french ) . 
  since esperanto is an artificial langage , no one really ` thinks in esperanto ' . 
  i think artificial languages are condemned to die , laguages are born in organic ways . 
  i 'd love it if spanish were in the place that english holds ... but that 's unrealistic , even if spanish has more native speakers ( and the gap still increasing ) , for various reasons : first , spanish speaking countries are irrelevant now a days , plain and simple . 
  second , it 's a complex language ( except for being very phonetical ) and it 's not a mix of two branches of languages like english kinda is , so it 's more difficult for more people than english is . 
  third , by this logic let 's make chinesse the ` true esperanto ' , it has the most native speakers  right ahead of spanish . 
  town : not knowing how to speak ... and it 's true . 
  we eat syllables for breakfast and we do n't know the letter 's ' . 
  as for my region : being lazy , funny , illiterate and partying 24/7 . 
  unemployment , precarious employment , atrocious laboral laws and lack of industry . 
  these 2 points put together will lead to precariousness on the retirement pensions . 
  they agravate each other . 
  poor educational system . 
  sanity under austerity . 
  debt .
