  this was a un mandate , not a nato one . 
  it was the french specifically that denied cas . 
  i understand that the post-maastricht framework is not functional at all , and that the type of reform that is pushed by the institutions will lead to more exits . 
  there are nations that do not want a esdp/eu foreign affairs presence , there are countries that do not want common open borders with turkey and beyond , there are countries that have no interest in turning over monetary control to the ecb . 
  yet we can all agree that tariff free trade and the single market is a brilliant idea . 
  force everyone to choose between two extremes ( yes , what the eu is right now is unequivocally extreme ) do n't be surprised that some will not play . 
  you mentioned italy , they 're carefully rolling towards a referendum , as is nl , denmark , even france is a candidate if fn does well upcoming election . 
  try governing the eu with people like wilders , le penn and so in the european council . 
  it 'll be a blast , we 're going to have so much fun . 
   maybe you should read a bit of history and understand why the eu is a necessity and not just a huge market and why the uk as a role to play and can not just bail out and profit from it . 
  i think my undergrad in european studies , my ma in european politics & international relations and my msc . 
  in public policy constitute sufficient reading . 
  thanks for the advice though , i always appreciate the input . 
  i 'm going out on a limb that by `` race '' you mean ever closer union . 
  hope you brought seat belts . 
  i can think of no rational reason to show such resentment towards them . 
  i understand that the french are bitter about this whole migrant thing but that is a result of eu policy failure , and it is completely beyond me why you would want to force any country to take in largely unprocessed migrants from africa , the middle east and asia against their will . 
  my country kicks out people that have no reason to be here just as quick . 
  if the french government had done the same there 'd be no calais . 
  i 'm sorry , but i really do n't see the need for nl and others to damage their relations with a major economy and historical ally because france and eu bureaucrats are upset . 
  who is `` we '' ? 
  and why should `` we '' squeeze trade with the [ second largest economy in europe ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states_in_europe_by_gdp_\\ ( nominal \\ ) ), 
  that will fuck with the economy of yours truly , and others . 
  i fail to see why i should bleed to placate brussels ' rustled jimmies . 
  if countries want to leave , let them . 
  csdp is still governed largely by unanimity , while the structures laid out for it ( e.g. 
  the eda , eu battlegroups ) are reliant on large states providing frameworks in which smaller ones can work with them . 
  that puts an emphasis on large country leadership , as with many eu policy procedures . 
  that will always cause some member states to prefer working in nato , thus killing any eu armed forces baby in its crib . 
  yeah well , to be fair they do n't to much to earn their enamoration ... we sure got a good show of that today . 
  it 's not for not just you , i think is something juncker and verhofstadt need to understand . 
  i hope that britain will thrive for many reasons , including demonstrating that the eu does not have a monopoly on the future no matter how hard it tries to convince all of us . 
  we have armies , we 're just not in agreement that we need to have an eu army . 
  that goes without saying !, 
  the uk and nl share a deep fraternal bond going back further than most , something i passionately hope will endure for at the very least as long as it has lasted !, 
  i was referring to the inner proceedings of eu politics , with brexit we can sadly no longer count on each other in european council votes or on each others ' meps in the ep . 
  i was lamenting that loss from a dutch perspective , without implying that it was the wrong thing to do . 
   in a sense this now means that the uk and the eu have directly opposed interests . 
  if the uk is successful outside the eu , it will be impossible for anyone in netherlands to argue that survival outside the eu is impossible . 
  something i am hoping for , that meme is killing our public debate on the matter . 
  you 're either pro-europe or a far right extremist that lives in 1900 . 
  sad !, 
   i guess the countries that used to agree with the uk on matters will now be forced to argue things a bit harder themselves . 
  that is one way of looking at it , and you 're not necessarily wrong . 
  that said , the eu does largely function on qmv which encourages that particular type of voting behavior . 
  furthermore , it means the representatives of countries with large populations have more to say than those with smaller . 
  that might seem fair at face value but it does create a hierarchy , and hierarchies appeal strongly to the machiavellian element in humanity , with all due consequences . 
  as i said , when push came to shove the nl and the uk were often allies . 
  we lost a major ally and it 'll cost us regardless of how well we argue . 
  we 're basically where you were at five to ten years ago . 
  hard euroscepticism is still a fringe belief , many are still under the impression that one can not survive out of the eu . 
  however , the mainstream is increasingly threatened by a growing populist anti-eu integration sentiment and will have to respond eventually . 
  i hope that that discussion will mature beyond what it is now , which is basically early nigelian trolling , and then we 'll see what happens . 
  it 's also important to keep in mind how the eu will change , the uk and nl were on the same page on a lot of issues that are now dominant ( e.g. 
  migration , foreign policy ) . 
  i can not predict how a post-brexit europe will deviate from the public interest in my country . 
  there will be when the uk goes , out of necessity . 
  not you , i 'm taking you with me farmboy !, 
  on a personal level i found myself agreeing far more often with their interpretation of what european cooperation should be than that of frustrated federalists , which is why i regret seeing them go . 
  but fair point , if it 's either supranationalism or out then they should have gotten off far sooner . 
  but that was n't really clear , was it ? 
  birds of a feather ... 
  i think you misunderstood , in european defense cooperation ( my field ) there are generally speaking two major philosophies : european and atlanticist . 
  `` europeans '' actively strive for a separation from nato and the establishment of a supranational european defense cooperation free from us influence , governed by eu institutional frameworks that were created over the course of the years going back to the maastricht treaty . 
  france is one of these . 
  atlanticists evidently prefer the cooperative nature of nato and with participation of the us and canada as the militaries of these countries have done so successfully in the past , and/or over concerns or distrust that the more supranational approach of the european side of the argument will disproportionately empower framework nations allowing them to overexert their foreign policy interests . 
  the danes have such concerns with respect to sweden , and the netherlands with respect to france . 
  i was referring to atlanticist countries . 
  nato spending is not optimal no , and it is absolutely essential that european nato partners get their defense budgets on 2 % and re-acquire the capabilities necessary to have a sustainable cooperation again , but that is another discussion . 
  generally speaking the us and canada have been excellent military partners in the past , and nato continues to be very important to the foreign policies of those most concerned . 
  reliance and subordination on and to the us is above all a choice the europeans make themselves by keeping their budgets so shamefully low . 
  some enjoy saying that nato is outdated for whatever reason , i can not disagree more . 
  it 's not perfect , but from my perspective vastly preferable to a centralized eu only nato-like system which excludes us and canadian participation . 
  every attempt made by those in favor of such have failed miserably thus far , ironically for the very same reason that those in favor often say about the us : it will give larger eu states military authority over smaller ones . 
  the danes have concerns about that with respect to sweden , we have similar concerns with france . 
  that explains why countries like my own prefer working in the more cooperative context of nato or bilaterally , as opposed to the more centralist eu battlegroups . 
  you 're a bit slow , are n't you ? 
  i believe you . 
  do n't think you 're eligible to vote . 
  you can count me in for a referendum lol, 
  except the european union does next to nothing militarily where it is even relevant as a foreign policy actor , as opposed to national foreign policy . 
  brexit changes absolutely nothing in that respect regardless , the uk ( and other eu states ) has always worked within nato and bilaterally with others where relevant . 
  brexit is a really lousy outcome for those states . 
  the uk was a wonderful balance between the franco-german consensus and those more in line with the british view of what the eu should be . 
  grouch time . 
  i do n't think this is entertaining at all . 
  good ( trade ) relations with the uk are important for the economic interests of the entire eu , but even more so for various specific members states like my own . 
  i have absolutely zero interest in `` trolling '' the british or otherwise `` punishing '' them in any conceivable way at the behest of french foreign policy interests or childishly upset eu bureaucrats . 
  this toxic environment that juncker and the french are creating around brexit really pisses me off . 
  if this is what the eu has become , count me out . 
  oh i guess if we had so many waffen ss members we it 's only logical to tether our economy to the entire former eastern bloc because soviet controlled europe was essential to shell and philips ( ??? ), 
  and because you guys had a rough time . 
  are you implicitly suggesting that the dutch were collaborators and partly to blame for your fall to the soviet union ? 
  that 'd be wry , considering romania was a fascist state and participated in barbarossa and the holocaust under own colors . 
  i 'm sure that was n't your intent , because that 'd be a pretty damn stupid play . 
   nobody here wants your long term support . 
  we want to be able to stand on our own two feet . 
  but guess what , you ca n't change a country overnight . 
  yeah fuck me for wanting to invest instead of being an altruistic nation builder .
