  i 'm not offended chief , i just do n't think you have your story straight by a long shot . 
  it 's not a personal allegation , it goes for most in your corner of things . 
  ever heard of sarcasm ? 
  why do you assume i agree with pegida just because i do n't agree with you ? 
  i care nothing for that man , or his organization . 
  that said , i think antifa and no borders are just as toxic as they are , if not more . 
  yeah , maybe i 'm a fascist too . 
  nazis everywhere man , what are we going to do ? 
  you should keep labeling everyone right of the far left as `` fascists '' . 
  it 's really helping the cause , and makes the left look reasonable and in control . 
  that said , i am mildly amazed by how this subreddit has flipped on it even before the cologne attacks . 
  how will the uk leaving restart integration ? 
  it 's not like they 're the only country with a significant eurosceptic electorate ... 
  do n't you guys like , get jaw aches or something ? 
  `` detect '' . 
  did they use the special russian detector ? 
  did it bleep at least three times ? 
  perks of having a finnish girlfriend : i will always have my trusty moomin standard issue mug . 
  statues are serious fucking business man . 
  we must do whatever we can to ensure that no one is offended by them . 
  for our children . 
  until we start having referendums , and they reflect how the actual electorate actually feels . 
  we should have more of them . 
  you are aware that the 751 man strong ep only has limited power of consent , right ? 
  influence is a big word . 
  ` suggest ' is a better word . 
  i 'll take that referendum . 
   `` we have decided to remain where we are and will peacefully resist the government plans to destroy our homes.we plead with the french authorities and the international communities that you understand our situation and respect our fundamental human rights , '' they added . 
  * homes * . 
  * human rights . 
  * ~ ~ they 're squatters whose sole purpose is to illegally circumvent british immigration after similarly illegally circumventing a multitude of other systems . 
  what universe do these people live in ? ~ ~ i just do n't know what to say anymore . 
  i 'm not agreeing with the pvv standpoint , i would n't even vote for them . 
  i take issue with this internalized neoliberal logic that immigration always strengthens your economy . 
  acknowledging characteristic differences between ethnicities is quickly discarded as discrimination and racism by the european political establishment . 
  a harsh reality in europe is that primarily low skilled and under-educated islamic immigration integrates and competes especially poorly in our economy , with all due socio-economic , socio-geographic , cultural , you name it , consequences . 
  the political establishment 's continuing denial of that is what gives wilders his podium . 
  neoliberalism , like many similar ideologies , fails by homogenizing humanity . 
  that per definition discards it as a governing paradigm . 
  again , i 'm more inclined to go with the $ 100.000.000 + that romanian and bulgarian organized crime has caused in my country , that 's not even going near how well your country scores in burglaries here , than our special interests wanting a bloody port in the black sea . 
  it 's such a juvenile argument from my perspective . 
  i believe you are misinformed about how poor your reputation here is thanks to your issues with rule of law . 
  dropping below the projection of the poorest eu member state and pre-revolution libya is not miserable ? 
  definition skewing can only go so far , friend . 
  you 're right , these projections are speculative . 
  does n't demerit the point that they 're based on : immigration can and will damage your economic development if not regulated . 
  * neoliberal establishment . 
  i 'd say neoliberalist assumptions are under quite a bit of pressure in europe , that argument included . 
  it 's not as one-sided as you make it out to be . 
  [ sweden 's hdi projections are miserable ] ( http://ww.rrojasdatabank.info/hdrp_2010_40.pdf ) , blamed mostly on islamic immigration continuing it 's endemic trend of broad integration failure . 
  granted , that does not apply to inter-eu migration , but it busts the neoliberal immigration kumbaya model . 
  political correctness can only hide this problem for so long until someone like wilders rides it into political power . 
  i 'm more inclined to not believe your attempts to detract from the argument that your countries will further worsen the rule of law in the schengen area . 
   for all i care , keep your schengen . 
  eu is nothing more but the intersection of the geopolitical and economic interests of western europe states . 
  i 'd be more than happy to dispose of it . 
  it is the belief of many , including myself , that the disparities between country groups ( north-south , east-west ) are too large for a federal platform . 
  permit me to be blunt : as a dutchman i stand to lose by becoming a european . 
  as a bulgarian , you stand to gain . 
  i prefer keeping my legacy as a citizen of a prosperous first world nation as opposed to squandering it on a fabricated sense of solidarity with countries that just happen to be on the same tectonic plate . 
  the european institutions are grotesquely incapable of providing for that platform . 
  they are bureaucratic machines that are far removed from the artificial `` electorate '' they claim to serve . 
  their legitimacy and authority will continue to crumble , until they finally make way for the future . 
  he is very explicit about the balance of net givers and net takers in the eu . 
  it 's not personal , just directed at eu expansionism . 
  disclaimer : i assume that the downvotes mean that people believe i agree with him . 
  i do not necessarily agree with wilders on that argument . 
  i am absolutely terrified of a british exit from the eu . 
  really . 
  i imagine that the franco-german consensus will become too powerful , and that federalization along the trajectory of the european institutions will accelerate to the point where we will have to drop out as well if we want to keep our country . 
   but now that we dont want to kill each other it is just distancing us , it is not necessary anymore . 
  you 're arguing from a cosmopolitan standpoint . 
  cosmopolitanism is per definition an ideological standpoint and should not be asserted as fact . 
  we * certainly * do not live in a time where countries have outspent their purpose . 
  calais is such a clusterfuck . 
  you ca n't win . 
  help them , attract more . 
  let them in , open the floodgates . 
  forcibly evacuate the camps , guaranteed shitstorm . 
  you ca n't deport them effectively with current legislation , you ca n't do anything with them and the longer it goes on for the larger the problem gets . 
  it 's a policy maker 's nightmare . 
  ask my policymakers . 
  yes , but i 've never heard of it . 
  it 's nonexistent in our public debate , which focusses on ensuring that what happened in 2013 does not happen again . 
  you can bring up the port all you want , and i can bring up the 100m euros we lost in 2013 , it wo n't change anything . 
  i hope that my government and parliament remain firm in not expanding schengen or the eu in general with countries that could and likely will have a negative impact on it . 
  i do hope that either my parliament or the european institutions do n't give into vain threats like `` let us the fuck in or we 'll go kremlin '' . 
  as far as i 'm concerned you 're free to do so , it worked out well for everyone that did that . 
  criminal activity from romania and bulgaria became a public issue in 2013 due to the aforementioned . 
  as long as that is not resolved , i expect that nothing will change . 
  extending the border is also not an agenda issue , that much i hope is obvious . 
  i maintain that i have never heard of this port , and i feel it 's an argument that likely originates from your populist or sensationalist side of things . 
  the overhanging issue is that corruption and crime in romania and bulgaria is still a valid concern . 
  as long as those factors keep affecting us , i remain doubtful that the dutch parliament will change its stance . 
  after the 2013 and 2014 scandals , it remains a public issue . 
  i am unpleasantly surprised at how many of you jump to pointing out how unfair we are instead of acknowledging how your rule of law is affecting this . 
  it just signals that we are right in vetoing you , you obviously do n't share our concerns . 
  and since the safeties are off anyway : your sense of entitlement pisses me off . 
  we have to deal with your shit , not the other way around for years to come . 
  the migrant crisis also plays a role in this .
