  damn fine deal . 
  edit : / s, 
  this is fascinating to observe , the clash between a deeply rooted and home hitting societal problem and institutionalized political taboo . 
  i 'll probably be telling my grandchildren about this . 
  prove it by buying me gold . 
  no absolutely , i 'm not denying that . 
  my issue is that the policymakers responsible for our safety and societal well being , the media and our entire public discussion avoids dealing with absolutely essential issues and factors in our societies that given current events can and will remain , if not further deteriorate . 
  these taboos have to go . 
  we can no longer ignore them in favor of politically correct sidestepping . 
  yet another islamic immigrant that failed to integrate , consequently radicalized and sought to murder people . 
  it 's time to start naming this pattern by what it is . 
  i understand that this is unpopular opinion , but frankly i 've had it up to here with the tip toeing around what 's happening in our countries . 
  watching the german political establishment negotiate this issue is like watching a kid with poor motor skills negotiate a floating obstacle course . 
  it just ca n't get around that one hurdle . 
  those were the days man . 
  giving them freer access to the market is not necessarily a bad idea . 
  the major driving force behind this stream is a misconception or misrepresentation of what europe is . 
  dispelling that lies at the heart of tackling this problem . 
  if large groups of poorly educated migrants do n't get work here , this idea that europe is a utopia will dissipate . 
   90 % of the syrians coming here are literate , they can at least read a simple newspaper text and write down things about their daily lives . 
  that 's really encouraging . 
   that just ~ 2-3 times of the germans aborting an apprenticeship ( 25-35 % ) . 
  not a bad ratio . 
  yes , it is . 
  especially in their position and social disposition . 
  do you see the reason for that subsiding any time soon ? 
  stop oppressing me man . 
  they 're still holding on for ddr 2 . 
  no , i get that . 
  i 'm just not clear on what will happen to those that get denied permits , like balkans , west africans etc. 
   integration is the only way . 
  what ? 
  i assume that you have legal requirements for residence permits , and those that do not qualify do n't get them ? 
  i understand that that will likely by the case for war refugees , but economic migrants ? 
  i 'll just disclaim this real quick in that i know very little about the legislative framework that deals with this in your country . 
  hey man , could be worse . 
  yes , there is . 
  i feel like i 'm playing chess with a pigeon . 
  that is not what i am saying , i am saying that a lack of a better alternative to capitalism does not demerit criticism of capitalism . 
  i can not make it any clearer for you . 
  on the off-chance that you 're actually serious and completely unaware of the financial crisis , [ this ] ( http://www.forschungsnetzwerk.at/downloadpub/neoliberalism_eu_sr%2003-07.pdf ) is a good piece on the finer aspects of eu policymaking and neoliberalism . 
  that 's again , not what i 'm saying . 
  i 'm saying that challenging criticism of capitalism with `` so you have a better solution then '' is a weak response . 
  are you asking me to provide you with evidence that the eu is neoliberalist ? 
  do you want me to show you how to use google scholar or do you seriously not know what neoliberalism is ? 
   i am from country which actually tried `` alternative economic model '' . 
  i only hope , that next time somebody get idea to try another `` alternative economic model '' , it will be on the other side of the word . 
  i do n't think you understand what i wrote . 
  i said that people should be free to criticize capitalism without having to provide a complete alternative . 
  i would oppose subjecting other nations to experimental economic doctrine . 
  that did n't go very well in the past . 
   and what we have in eu is in no way `` neoliberal capitalsm '' whatever it is supposed to be . 
  yes , it is . 
  i wrote my undergrad dissertation on it . 
  the european union is per definition a neoliberalization project . 
  would n't that be convenient ? 
  sadly , that requires a permit and is almost exclusively denied . 
  the last time was in 1995 when a belgian family was `` expatriated '' due to a border correction of a few meters . 
  they moved their door to remain in the belgian jurisdiction . 
  are you seriously suggesting forcibly expatriating some 2600 belgians ? 
  literally hitler . 
  to be fair , do you really want malm\u00f6 ? 
  personally i find it enlightening to get an overview , shows trends and provides information about in which danke memen i should invest . 
  i do n't necessarily agree with mr. manwhore , but i hear this excuse for capitalism 's failings far too often . 
  communist and fascist failures in the 20th century in no way legitimize modern neoliberal capitalism as supreme , and fukuyama was overreaching as fuck when he said it . 
  he had to eat most of it later , so please . 
  there is plenty wrong with modern banking and capitalism in its broadest sense as it 's conducted in the west today , from a marxist , libertarian , you name it angle . 
  it should be openly criticized without the demand for a catch-all alternative . 
  aside from the fact that people live there . 
  what you suggest would likely involve people becoming expatriates in their own home . 
  jurisdiction , taxation , citizenship ... shudder to think ... 
  debt star . 
  depreciation . 
  i was referring to the `` friendly rivalry '' between the dutch and the flemish . 
  it got old about ten years ago . 
  i 'm sure you have reason to assert your broad assumptions about the dutch as fact . 
  i regret the mutual depreciation cycle between our two peoples . 
   all of our neighbors are ignorant that 's hyperbole . 
  your neighbors are confronted with the effects of that situation . 
  your institutional weakness as a result of your internal division , for one . 
  no , economic migrants can not simply be deported . 
  for my country , we have an estimated 50.000 people that arrived here as migrants and refugees . 
  the administration estimates that 12.500 of these will be rejected . 
  as of december , less than 50 % ( under 4000 of 8000 ) of actually rejected asylum applications were successfully deported . 
  deportation is an immensely complicated process , often easily interrupted by a country of origin that refuses to take them back ( there are 25 of these , e.g. 
  pakistan , various west-african states ) , migrants disappearing into illegality , or migrants simply moving to another eu country to try again or go into illegality there . 
  you can not detain them , and you can not force them to not live on the streets in favor of returning home . 
   many want to outright restrict genuine refugees , or syrians , from coming here i 'd be more inclined to conclude that the overtone on the anti-immigration side is concern over the large host of people coming in because our border protection and immigration system has failed . 
  the riots we had here were people voicing concern that the body responsible for housing migrants would settle thousands of unprocessed migrants and refugees in their small rural communities . 
  the administrative organs , let alone the villagers , have no idea who these people are . 
  i wish it was as simple as you say , but it * really , really * is n't . 
  we need to get past endlessly reiterating our philosophical and moral positions on migrants and refugees , and ensure that we get sustainable migration and refugee policy . 
  if we do n't the far right only stands to gain , along with a torrent of socioeconomic issues . 
  i 'm having trouble seeing how that applies , but the st. louis was carrying exclusively or almost exclusively jews fleeing the nazi regime . 
  what 's happening now is a movement of millions spanning everything from war refugees to economic migrants . 
  it 's a different world now than it was in 1939 . 
  that is a choice the europeans make themselves . 
  the us has been pushing various european administrations to up their defense spending , and is absolutely and unequivocally right in doing so . 
  the 2 % of gdp they suggest is nothing . 
  my own country has cut its capabilities to the extent that it 's an infantry brigade with a few boats and a handful of planes .
