  slow and steady wins the race \u2122, 
  this is the sort of stuff that gets serious european defense cooperation rolling . 
  sure , i just feel that it 's jumping to conclusions that this was necessarily the security forces as opposed to any of the other candidates ; anti-western hate crime , ransom , mobbing , you name it . 
  what would the military gain by torturing an italian phd student ? 
  i 'm inclined to think this was something else . 
  he disappeared last month . 
  what uprising ? 
  getting a bit fed up with that `` which human rights groups have criticized '' line , to be fair . 
  i do n't know what they expect short of free houses for everyone * claiming * asylum . 
  albania is tricky . 
  because it 's mountainous it 's also difficult to traverse . 
  there are fears that if macedonia and bulgaria keep it up , they 'll rout through albania into italy . 
  seeing that albania is already a large supplier of migrants itself , i 'm not sure to what extent italy is keeping an eye on the albanian ferries . 
  if you go balkan route via albania you 're in for a shit ride . 
  you 'll have to go through albania itself , montenegro and bosnia as opposed to just serbia , and you 'd still hit croatia and slovenia that you need to catch on a good day . 
  fat chance if you 're not syrian , afghani or iraqi . 
  i really like being around you . 
  i could never federalize with you , you 're like a brother to me . 
  i mean , that would make things so complicated and you know , i might lose you completely . 
  let 's just be friends and hang out . 
  you 're my bestie for ever !, 
  i 'm not suggesting a treaty that seeks further economic integration . 
  the eu should be worried that its continued democratic shortfalls will keep giving those parties legitimacy and their issues power . 
  i would n't be as concerned for a wilders government as i 'd be concerned for euroscepticism becoming a mainstream political issue in dutch , french , austrian , danish and so forth politics . 
  imagine those member states making customized demands like cameron , actively threatening referendums cheered on by 45-55 % + approval rates . 
  did you see how easy it was to trigger that ukraine vote here ? 
  they 'll win too . 
  the eu is under acute threat of becoming ungovernable . 
  it 's clear that the treaty of lisbon has expired . 
  i 'd argue that it was expired the moment the banking crisis started , but it 's really out of juice now . 
  i really believe that it 's time for a new treaty , and yes , one that will go in a different direction than the flow we were in before lisbon . 
  keep going with the current framework and the eu will be entirely ungovernable after one or two election cycles in the member states , assuming the economic and migration crisis will remain . 
  mhm , there have been cases of dead bodies hitting beaches further down stream . 
  probably more of a boat availability issue . 
  i disagree . 
  i think it 's overmoderated , and wish there was an alternative to this sub . 
  sadly , there is n't, 
  i know , it was a suggestive list . 
  should have made that clearer . 
  it 's nonsensical to operate on a basis that people can come from turkey to the eu without the ability of sending them back . 
  i understand the inherent preference of appeasement instead of confrontation but it 's a wholly unsustainable basis for negotiation , going forward . 
  it 's important that erdogan is n't given too much leeway with the cards that he 's been dealt , and that eu leadership should n't be afraid to seek the confrontation if appeasement has been exhausted . 
  it 's really become a scramble for a coherent and stable solution . 
  inaction will lead to crisis exacerbation and electoral gains for parties that can make things infinitely worse for all migrants , refugee or not , and the eu itself . 
  open doors are done . 
  more incidents like cologne and civil unrest will become an issue as well . 
  seriously , no more fucking inaction . 
  it 's going to wreck us . 
  that 's a long term solution , but we 're dealing with an acute problem . 
  i 'm also gloomy about investing for improvement , look at iraq and afghanistan . 
  it 's been 13-15 years . 
  is syria going to be different ? 
  i still believe it 's the absence of a strict , formalized eu visa and asylum system that is the major malfunction here . 
  we 've got * a lot * of people coming in , so we * need * to be strict for our own sake but also for the sake of the most vulnerable that undeniably need help . 
  i 'm imagining something like this : * invest those 3 billion we 're about to pointlessly pump into erdogan 's bank account in eu-operated application centers near refugee camps in * designated safe countries * like turkey , lebanon ( tunesia , morocco ? ), 
  and so forth . 
  * coordinate the construction and facilitation of housing for accepted applicants across the eu , with * willing * countries , regions , cities , municipalities . 
  that will give us a clearer supply and demand estimation . 
  have people apply locally in those countries for eu refugee status , and consecutively assign them to the refugee centers in the eu . 
  this is similar to how many member states are going about it nationally , and international aid organizations have already proposed to assist with such an initiative on an eu level . 
  the foundation is already there . 
  * absolute clarity on what we consider viable candidates , posters everywhere . 
  prioritize the most vulnerable , e.g. 
  elderly , women and children * with valid documentation * . 
  * let them know where they are placed , fingerprint registration from the start . 
  accept or decline . 
  if you accept and are found elsewhere trying to evade the placement conditions of your visa , deportation back to the center where you were registered . 
  if you decline , you demonstrate that you have a choice , next . 
  no room for slackers and welfare shoppers , i 'm sure we can all agree on that . 
  * anyone else that comes in illicitly and without an assigned eu asylum visa : back to turkey , go apply like everyone else . 
  naturalization regulations are too sovereignty-entrenched for the eu to touch , and i really do n't see why ms legislation should n't suffice . 
  with the existence of a formalized system , if it wo n't be a total clusterfuck ( and that 's a big if ) , it 's no longer unreasonable to send boat migrants back to the turkish shore with the instruction to go apply , like everyone else . 
  it 's far from a fool proof idea but it kills plenty of birds with fewer stones , most importantly putting a dent in welfare shopping and the issue with north african opportunism . 
  setting up something like this will take ages , and i wish we started talking about this back in 2011 . 
  ----------- tl ; dr : eu-visa application centers in high volume areas , pre-assign + fingerprint selected candidates to voluntary eu refugee centers across the ms. 
  accept or refuse . 
  break conditions , back to registration origin country . 
  refuse ? 
  you have a choice , and are not a priority . 
  come into the eu without refugee visa ? 
  back to turkey , go apply like everyone else . 
  goodness , what a display of weakness on part of the commission . 
  i wonder if they 've given up as well . 
  i really do n't believe that . 
  you 've mentioned greece and cyprus , there 's also the enlargement fatigue vote here . 
  the dutch vetoed albania in 2013 because of poverty and corruption . 
  kosovo is * a lot * worse . 
  it depends on the member state vote . 
  you do know that candidacy and accession are subject to [ unanimity ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=uriserv%3al14536 ) , right ? 
  tell that to the five eu member states that do n't recognize kosovo . 
  yeah , they probably want access to reform funds . 
  same issue with albania a while ago . 
  as long as bosnia has the dayton agreement for a constitution , i do n't see how giving them candidacy has any point . 
  rs will veto everything . 
  that was a nonsensical outcome of a dysfunctional process . 
  and you want to transfer more sovereignty to that ? 
  even so , to be effective you 'd more likely than not need a new treaty . 
  to be fair lisbon expired when the banking crisis started and its even more undead now . 
  good luck getting that through any member state parliament right now . 
  maybe it 's time to scale a few things back , for lack of a way forward .
