  go team !, 
  ca n't disintegrate fast enough . 
  i 'm all for . 
  personally , and i fully accept this is too risqu\u00e9 for our political field , but i 'd pull a cameron . 
  pass the referendum , and promise an eu membership referendum . 
  binding or not , i think it 's time . 
  i think he 's being a weakling . 
  dutch political history has had various decent politicians that showed leadership in spite of the political mood . 
  an ounce of statesmanship on behalf of this man would be fucking fantastic . 
  just once . 
  politicians pandering to conservative/right-wing voters , who hold a strong dislike towards ~ ~ eastern-europeans ~ ~ the european institutions and corrupt countries . 
  oh look , another leftie cuts and runs . 
  huge surprise there , watson . 
  i hate it when people do this but when you descend into the wonderful world of enumerations it 's unavoidable . 
  i 'll throw in some faux formatting to make this easier to read :  first of all , why liberal ? 
  communist parties are banned just alike . 
  exactly . 
  liberals are most assuredly not communists . 
  ( yet )  besides , that 's not paternalism , if you want to express your political opinions you can still do that . 
  i already explained to you , why unconstitutional parties must be banned . 
  * and i said way before , there is a case to be made for political parties that openly propose the destruction of the constitutional order or parties that are feigning to be legitimate whilst abusing their status for another purpose . 
  but even then , you should arrest criminal individuals , not ban the entire party , surely ? 
   it 's not patronizing , it 's protecting the law . 
  there 's a reason why even political parties and in extension the government ca n't do what they want , it 's called seperation of power . 
  or would you suggest we go back to dictatorships or monarchies ( which did actually happen , because we did n't ban extremist parties ) . 
  about that ; would you suggest a judiciary having ideological control over your political discourse is something desirable ? 
  or perhaps that government parties have the legal power to ban the opposition ? 
  what worries me is that you might actually say yes . 
  big chunk of liberals are closeted proto-marxists . 
  come out of that statist box , brother . 
  believe in freedom !, 
   secondly , it does n't matter whether they are elected or not . 
  as long as they get exposure , or even worse , get even a single seat , they influence more people than they actually represent ( this is the big problem !!! ) . 
  * what ? 
  if they have a seat in parliament they gained the required amount of votes for it . 
  i believe we call that proportional representation ? 
  that is why what you 're saying is paternalist , you believe that the state should `` protect '' the poor unknowing electorate against their rhetoric . 
  starting to see the proto-marxist angle ? 
  state guiding people ? 
  i sure do . 
   as said , such parties are unconstitutional , which means they do n't play by the rules , while the others do . 
  this gives them undeserved power , which they will not use in good will . 
  what happens ? 
  well , we have already seen that multiple times and are still seeing that today ( seriously , how many times do i have to repeat this ? ) . 
  * then arrest the transgressing individuals . 
  one by one if you have to , but by the book . 
  speaking of which , what exactly do you mean by not playing by the book ? 
  i think you and me are getting our jurisdictions messed up , i take issue with banning parties in any modern democracy as a means to combat extremism , not just in germany . 
  what i find more interesting however is that you 're nitpicking vernacular and not engaging with the actual `` stupid/factually wrong '' content of what i 'm saying . 
  what 's wrong with believing in liberty ? 
  so your answer is basically liberal paternalism ? 
  best not let those heinous evildoers confuse and trick the public !, 
  and why are you assuming that they 'll get elected , or are you tacitly admitting that you think liberal democracy in germany is under threat ? 
   you seem to think there are dozens of parties that have been forbidden and that some of them must have been unjustified at no point did i say or even infer that . 
  like , at all . 
  if you 're going to say i make stupid arguments , perhaps read them ? 
  by relegating them away from public scrutiny , allowing them to continue spreading their hatred outside of public scrutiny . 
  the result ? 
  a populist will take advantage of it . 
  this is happening all over europe , and frankly you should be happy with the afd and pegida considering what we have to deal with . 
  then make a fucking point . 
  i have n't seen anyone make a damn point without referring to the nsdap . 
  coddling the electorate against hate speech will only make it less resilient to it . 
  it is by definition the most counterproductive way to combat extremist resurgence . 
  i do n't know what your play is with that feels rhetoric other than being juvenile about my opinion , but whatever : we can have a debate on whether parties that seek to destroy the constitutional foundation of a country , or parties that are feigning legitimacy whilst they are in reality a front for something else , should be banned . 
  in the context of your suggestion , i see two approaches : liberty or restriction . 
  banning that party will achieve what exactly ? 
  you think their supporters will just vanish ? 
  or better yet , let 's arrest them !, 
  as i said somewhere else , banning parties conveys weakness and a fervent lack of belief in one 's own democracy . 
  a functional democracy that is broadly carried by its norms and values will deal that party an infinitely more powerful blow than the authorities ever could : electoral obliteration and ridicule . 
  now , about people like wilders , le pen or whatever and their polling numbers . 
  that is ** first and foremost ** a failure of the left to address mainstream issues in society that are subject to taboo , have not been addressed in far more benign stages because of those taboos , and are per definition a failure of restrictive liberal democracy . 
  if these taboos were n't in place and mainstream parties addressed them appropriately and before they escalate , those people would n't have a leg to stand on . 
  the same goes for your genocide party of slovakia . 
  i believe that a modern european electorate people would never endorse genocide , but they may have other issues that attract . 
  taboos and restrictions , your own feels by extension , drive them there . 
  political correctness and legal enforcement of such only feeds the extreme , when the establishment is unable to respond to their appealing to ignored public dissatisfaction . 
  you see that irony playing out crystal clear . 
  liberty and freedom of speech trump ( pun intended ) political correctness . 
  yeah , if you 're going to do it it 's only appropriate that you have a high as possible threshold . 
  oh come on , you can do better than that . 
  edit : goodness again with the downvotes . 
  make a damn argument without bringing up the second world war . 
  why is everything that steps on your taboos immediately the nazi party ? 
  i disagree . 
  surely germany is no longer defined by its 20th century history ? 
  i 'm having trouble seeing the failings of the weimar republic as a justification to ban political parties . 
  that 's not what a modern european democracy should do . 
  nothing good ever came from using the government to silence political activity , that 's what the political arena is by definition meant for . 
  legal force conveys a lack of trust in one 's electorate , undermines democracy and will forever tether germany to its past . 
  side note : i 'm positive that some will see this as an endorsement of something . 
  friends , it is not . 
  the people need to strike down the abject with their votes , not with the law . 
  beware the germans when they start banning political parties ... 
  yeah , i 'm at a loss on what to vote upcoming election . 
  our government has a phenomenally low approval rate . 
  we 've had five cabinet resignations over colossal blundering , and the labor party is polling at rock bottom . 
  they 're still going on the 2012 election outcome , which saw this government brokered over the breaking of numerous election promises . 
  i do n't think a majority expected them to make it this far .
