  extending the border is not foremost on our public agenda . 
  i 'd rather have principles and be called a xenophobe by a corruption and mob apologist than give into your feigned victimization and further burden our rule of law apparatus with your country 's failings . 
  i 'm done replying to you . 
  as long as you do n't have your shit in order , we veto . 
  i do n't understand why you lot are angry with us , and not your corrupt politicians and the organized crime that fuck it up for you . 
  can you build a civilization that will stand the test of time ? 
  as long as you do n't have your shit in order , we veto . 
  get your fucking shit in order . 
  it 's that simple . 
  go be angry at your fucking politicians and your crime lords . 
  yeah , i 've been introduced to that sentiment today . 
  something with a port . 
  okay . 
  both those areas are problematic in your country . 
  this is why we are blocking your accession to schengen . 
  how are they different ? 
   my silly weed smoking friend . 
  i do n't smoke , eu enforced picture packaging scarred me for life . 
  see how the eu robs you of your national identity ? 
   letting romania into schengen will not affect your crime rate from romanians because if someone wants to go and steal/defraud or whatever gypsies do in your country , they will still do it since there is the free movement treaty in place . 
  i 'll let you answer your own point :  i , honestly , do n't want romania to enter schengen because that would mean certain anti-corruption controls from the eu would be deemed as solved and will be ceased , which is a bad thing in my opinion . 
  ____  netherlands always voted against romania in every possible thing they could . 
  it 's clear that they have their own agenda ( maybe because of the ports , maybe they just do n't like us , etc ) nobody knows about . 
  maybe it has something to do with the fact that we arrest gangs of romanian defrauding gangs with millions of euros of loot way too frequently ? 
  you really underestimate how your organized crime is affecting us . 
  what 's this stuff about that damn port ? 
  i 've never heard of it , and i consider myself very well informed on our public debate . 
  i completely understand that , and i regret that . 
  i said somewhere else that i wished romania would have acceded to schengen as a strong pair of shoulders to help carry the challenges that we have to years ago . 
  that said , i am also grateful that my country takes a principled position against corruption in prospective schengen states over socially desirable responses . 
  it has done damage in my country . 
  direct your anger at the organized crime that causes the relationship between our two nations to be strained . 
  that is a european affair , not a dutch one . 
  our concern is still the issue of organized crime originating in romania . 
  i am not an expert on that dossier , so i can not give you exact prescriptions . 
  romanian organized crime still affects us . 
  i wish romania could and would accede yesterday , yesteryear !, 
  believe me i have no issue with romania itself , the more strong shoulders the eu has to carry the colossal challenges we have to , the better !, 
  corruption from romania and bulgaria has affected us badly . 
  in 2013 , we lost 95 million euros to bulgarian gangs defrauding our government 's subsidy system . 
  romanian organized crime active in the netherlands is a sadly frequent topic in our national news , bank card fraud going in the millions . 
  the migration crisis only made things much worse . 
  entry into schengen will remove a large amount of security layers between romania and the entire schengen area . 
  it is founded on the principle that all member states have parity in law , order and security . 
  we do not have such faith in romania and bulgaria . 
  countries can not be removed from schengen , as far as i know . 
  we could start an infringement procedure but i doubt that would really help . 
  i do n't know how democracy is conducted in your country , but in mine the public debate is generally in line with public concerns . 
  currently , there is a parliamentary majority that feels romanian and bulgarian accession to schengen will worsen rule of law in the schengen area . 
  i am happy that my country sticks to its principles over socially desirable behavior . 
  so many romanian flags . 
  i 'm having trouble keeping track of you all . 
  we find your rule of law threatening . 
  italy is already a member state , what would you suggest ? 
  we boycott spaghetti or something ? 
  i will repeat : already existing challenges with corruption in the eu is not an excuse for romania to be let into schengen without having addressed corruption to the satisfaction of all member states . 
  we should have brought it up in 1995 when we formed this beast . 
  i am happy that my government takes a principled position over socially desirable behavior . 
  that is how many bad decisions in the eu were made . 
  most of the modern attention focuses on bulgarian gangs that defrauded the dutch taxation services for around 95 million euros over the span of years . 
  [ this was uncovered in 2013 . 
  ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7afd3bd6-bcac-11e2-b344-00144feab7de.html ) romanian gangs and banking card fraud frequently appear in the news . 
  [ in 2009 they caught a romanian gang that allegedly defrauded 1.8 million euros . 
  this is a simple exercise in google . 
   no , you vetoed bulgaria as well , even if their borders held better under recent pressure than some of the countries already in schengen . 
  sure , but the issue we 've always had with bulgaria is corruption . 
  two years ago a massive fraud ring was uncovered that took the dutch taxation services for 95 million . 
  this brought the issue into the public debate . 
  again , is that a reason for romania to accede , or is it a reason to put that on hold for now ? 
  why do you keep bringing this up , it 's a fallacious argument and you should know that . 
   good point . 
  you still did not answer , bytheway . 
  yes , i know that bulgaria is a member state , and whether wilders played a role in that veto or not is frankly irrelevant , it 's a position consistently held by various dutch administrations . 
   and you now speak about major public concern . 
  before about netherlands concern . 
  people imagine that those two are generally the same . 
  they are wrong . 
  i 'm not sure i understand . 
  are you saying that our government does not represent the interest of our people as opposed to its interest as a government of the interests of individuals within government ? 
  i follow the dutch public debate with great interest . 
  i have never heard of constanta sea port . 
  the only shipbuilding interest that i can think of is that our shipbuilders have assets in galati . 
   do you think i have memory of a goldfish ? 
  idk you asked me if i knew that bulgaria was a member state . 
  thought i 'd cover all the bases . 
  op posted an article in romanian about the current dutch council presidency sidetracking romanian accession to schengen in favor of the migrant crisis . 
  whether that was a wilders appeasement is in the eyes of the beholder , that does n't take away that this is a major dutch public concern . 
  you can downplay that all you want . 
  ... everything not related to labor movement . 
   you do realize that bulgaria isn \u00b4 t a candidate country , right ? 
  stick with the program . 
  wilders is n't even in government , what are you on about ? 
  is that a reason for romania to join , or the exact opposite ? 
  then why protest ? 
  [ that looks like a credible news source . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cotidianul ), 
  right , we really just hate romania . 
  just you guys . 
  let me ask you this , do you believe that romania and bulgaria will increase or decrease criminal statistics in larger eu economies ? 
  would you , as a policymaker of such a country and having been confronted with several massive fraud incursions by organized crime originating from those countries , give them full access to the schengen area ?
