  it 's an embarrassment , negligent to the government 's most basic responsibility and if it were up to me , unconstitutional . 
  nato is a preferential model for many . 
  it works , for the most part , and allows the members to retain their defense and foreign policy sovereignty . 
  like i said , dependence on the us is a choice if you budget like the europeans do . 
  the eu 's long term objective is a federal state , which is a notion that i feel is no longer relevant outside of philosophy . 
  federalizing europe 's militaries is a pipe dream , and an object of fetishism for europhiles . 
  that 's one other thing that this crisis has shown us . 
  it 's not necessarily a good thing to be so dependent on other nations ' foreign policy in making your own . 
  that is one of the reasons why i 've become a staunch eurosceptic . 
  a major barrier to achieving that are the limiting impositions from the geneva convention and the 1951 refugee convention . 
  these frameworks were designed in the context of the second world war , and are too broad and expansive for this day and age . 
  they limit modern policymaking by bestowing a tremendous package of rights on a very unspecific definition of what is a refugee . 
  well intended , but idealistic and perhaps even counterproductive in the current context . 
  i am so happy that the danish administration , of all countries , is leading a reasonable reform push . 
  i hope they keep it up , and that others will follow . 
  i 'm honestly not too concerned about that . 
  non-western economic migrants are statistically weak competitors and fail to integrate into our economies in the broadest sense . 
  with free movement between turkey and the eu , i think it 's likely that there will be an initial spike followed by a normalization trend as the weak eliminate themselves . 
  benefit reform is an important consideration , but that goes for a lot of immigration issues . 
  shit , turkey acceding to the eu might even provide an impetus for desirable reform in failing immigration and border regulation policy . 
  not that it 'll happen , turkey does not belong in the eu . 
  so none , then ? 
  in your view , what would turkey add to the eu ? 
  we 're all blissfully aware of what the complications would be , what are the advantages ? 
  i 'll have to keep playing as greater reich and that would be cheating . 
  not yet !, 
  next move : unsc seat !, 
  our prestige must be higher than sweden and italy . 
  maximize world fairs , send bogus expeditions and build another suez canal !, 
  it 'll be close . 
  once we get that we can farm the unsc for prestige points , knock italy from eight and sphere the bastards . 
  we can do this . 
  they need to be in our sphere for that , and that requires us to be a great power . 
  which we 're not . 
  the average mep currently averages out at 3.6 microtrumps factoring in legislation up until and including november , corrected for inflation . 
  `` please enter your birthday '' no way website , i see through your clever ruse . 
  you 're not catching this mastermind . 
  both those countries have to live with that horrible legacy , and the vexillological crimes against humanity that it might commit next year . 
  it would n't have been called new zealand then . 
  four dutch sailors and a maori died for that , have some respect . 
  wall street , and new zealand . 
  phew , at least office supplies wo n't take that honor from us for another good year or so !, 
  please do n't feed him . 
  his shitpost looks bad on all that share his flair , and he does n't speak for us . 
  the french media have taken to that recently , it 's being reverberated by sensationalist media all over . 
  belgium is an easy target for slander at the moment . 
  someone should sue her . 
  i 'm very confident 4chan would describe her very differently . 
  i think we agree more than we disagree , our differences are vernacular . 
  ... what ? 
  i believe that she is extremely passionate in her effort , and not exclusively objective . 
  conversely i agree with some of her argumentation , not all . 
  ... is that okay with you ? 
  i never said anything about how i personally feel about the things you bring up , i cited them as examples of profilic cases she takes , as requested . 
  your assault is misplaced . 
  she is a war victim compensation lawyer , well known for taking up publicly sensitive cases such as srebrenica and indonesian war claims , and for representing the punt train hijackers that are pressing charges against the dutch state for using excessive force against them when liberating the hostages they took . 
  liesbeth zegveld is the very definition of a bleeding heart social justice warrior , hellbent on squeezing the dutch administration for every legally dubious thing they 've done going back as far as world war 2 . 
  she represents victims and terrorists alike , just to put pressure on policymakers for their use of military force . 
  a little short through the turn . 
  he is , of course , completely right . 
  not only is it our foremost duty to provide these good folks with properly furnished houses and quality catering , it is their human right to personalized entertainment that we should not neglect . 
  call your representative today , this injustice must not stand !, 
   `` our signal to the rest of the eu is crystal clear -- sweden is the country that has shouldered the greatest responsibility for the refugee crisis , '' ygeman said at news conference . 
  if we are to cope with this mutual challenge , the other countries must take their responsibility . '', 
  yeah well , if you stopped playing the humanitarian superpower for one minute , perhaps we can talk about sustainable policy . 
  like policy that does n't lead to your country running a deficit , being forced to cut spending and having to borrow $ 8 billion . 
  who elected these people ? 
  i mean seriously , what the hell ? 
  this is so infuriatingly bizarre . 
  first , the german and swedish governments unilaterally create a massive incentive for people to try and get to western europe , irrespective of how this might affect both transit and target countries . 
  then they have the audacity to invoke european solidarity in demanding that other countries do more to relieve the entirely predictable consequential pressure on them . 
  now that they 've begun to grasp the full extent of how badly they 've clusterfucked themselves , they logically tighten their policies . 
  the epitome of too little , too late . 
  if they had shown an ounce of the solidarity they so frequently invoke and responsibly coordinated how to deal with asylum seekers on a european level at any given moment prior to august , instead of unilaterally broadcasting their `` superior '' morality to the world we 'd be in a much better position . 
  that would have been the type of european leadership these countries pretend to aspire to . 
  edit : [ whups , never mind . 
  ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/berlin-backpedals-on-changes-to-syrian-refugee-policy/a-18833538 ) carry on lads . 
  nah , everything surrounding the yugoslav wars was a clusterfuck . 
  probably late eighties . 
  i do n't see how that 's an unfeasible number if you factor in family reunification . 
  that 's quite a stretch , equating more eu centralization with less bureaucracy . 
   on the other hand , it is a good start , rather than helicoptering the eu army institution . 
  this is how the eu institutions have pushed it since the 90s , and it has n't resulted in anything . 
  we seem to be on the verge of another serious effort with trump , so we 'll see what happens this time . 
  and it is deeply bilateral in nature , as is our cooperation with the belgians . 
  championing it as an example of eu military integration is a fallacy . 
  this is a factor for my country being red on that map . 
  that is a [ subject of debate ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jul/04/how-britain-and-us-abandoned-srebrenica-massacre-1995 ) . 
  i work for the dutch defense ministry and closely with ranking military staff of which two were active at the time . 
  i 'll briefly sum up their views and not go too deep into detail : * the un mandate demanded that unprofor peacekeepers were armed with light anti-personnel weapons only ( for dutchbat that meant 9mm caliber uzis only , ifvs were denied equipping their 25mm autocannons ) . 
  the vrs was fully armored/mechanized in complete jna kit . 
  * srebrenica was untenable . 
  arbih guerrillas used the enclave 's `` protected '' nature as a fallback from which to launch strikes at encapsulating vrs positions . 
  the two gentlemen i work with bear extreme resentment for bosnian muslim fighters . 
  * the enclave was first besieged and ultimately subjected to a mechanized assault with armored support . 
  during the process the dutchbat commander requested [ cas nine times ] ( http://www.france24.com/en/20150709-srebrenica-bosnia-muslims-dutch-un-intelligence-france-clinton ) . 
  * [ mladic had french hostages ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/1995/06/23/world/france-held-secret-talks-with-serbs.html ) , which janvier ( unprofor commander , french ) was in the process of securing their release . 
  unsc permanent members had agreed to suspend air strikes to facilitate this process at the request of the french government , and janvier did not inform unprofor or dutchbat command . 
  this was upheld during the vrs assault on srebrenica . 
  france still denies all of this , for the record , so take it at face value from `` someone from the internet '' .
