  definition # 17 , eh ? 
  very well thought out argument , considering he 's currently trailing as a very close runner-up in your * general election polls * . 
  just to be sure , that means national . 
  oh wow , only mostly this time . 
  you 're hilarious bro  keep making them killer jokes , champ !, 
   i was trying to describe the stereotype limburger , seems relevant to why people up north do n't particularly like them . 
  which is to say ; lying , illiterate , conquered ingrates that are not as brave and honorable as yourselves , according to your account ? 
  lol , you guys really went balls to the wall with that whole tolerant , progressive culture thing , you 're even being bigoted jerks to each other now . 
  you 're a bit of a bigot , though . 
  it 's peripheral , out of the way , small , different culture here than the rest of the country . 
  as with most countries , people from certain areas like to look down on other ones for all sorts of wonderful reasons , especially in front of an audience . 
  supposedly it 's a `` joke '' , but as with most * haha-you 're - from-x * `` jokes '' it 's an easy way to spot someone who 's making way too much of an effort and falling short . 
  i 've been living in limburg for about three years now , so i feel somewhat obliged to stand up for it . 
  i 've never really understood this lame superiority complex some of the dutch like to project on people from their south or other areas . 
  they try to write it off as a bad joke every time you ask them about it . 
  makes me cringe every time i get to take that super forced * huehuehue-limburg-huehuehue-funny-rite * shot . 
  in other words , just another day at the office . 
  jurassic park . 
  yeah see , it 's this logic that i simply do n't understand ; we want this or that society to accept us , thus we will behave as eccentric to that society as possible . 
  i understand the marxist-y assumptions behind it , it 's just a horribly shit advocacy strategy . 
  exactly . 
  i 'd rather we not let eccentric tv personalities or brass bands run our foreign policy . 
  i also do n't believe in confrontational stunts like this , no matter who you are or where you 're from . 
  way to polarize this shit some more . 
  human nature is not society friendly . 
  i suppose that afghanistan and iraq have something to do with the lacking momentum for new protracted interventions . 
  the germans and the british both still have 5/8k + guys over there , poles been there with around 1.5 / 2k guys from the start . 
  the french skipped out on those rides . 
  personally , if it were me being german or british , i 'd look at that with a sense of skepticism . 
  oh man , if only this shit was that simple right ? 
  the same reason that they send tu-95s into european airspace for , posturing and power-posing . 
  they seem to be under the impression that this translates into some sort of an ir advantage . 
  i assume these are simple post-hegemonic russian practices that worked for the soviet union , and that they 're trying to apply them again . 
  ... what ? 
  in all honesty , i think homosexual rights have far less to do with it than what is said . 
  putin 's administration and european/american leadership are repeatedly clashing about what 's happening in the ukraine , energy , security etc. , indicative of some sort of power struggle . 
  i 'm more inclined to put it in that context than the whole gay propaganda thing . 
  so you feel albania is entitled to candidacy status ? 
  i 'd say supporting anything pertaining to enlargement of the eu by a country that will probably be a net receiver is pure electoral suicide , regardless of when parliamentary elections are . 
  the eu is a focal point of rage in the netherlands right now , and a pervasive attitude is that especially enlargement should be resisted . 
  got ta back this dude up , that 's without doubt my understanding of berlin . 
  ouch man , that hurts . 
  a very , very recurring term i hear when people hear me saying something in dutch is retard english . 
  allegedly , it sounds like `` british english but with a potato in your face '' . 
  i hate that octopus . 
  you mean something like [ basic english ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/basic_english ) ? 
  well , presumably you 'd lose it . 
  / u/jb _ uk 's link reflects what the european commission has to say about this . 
  your eu-citizenship is derived from your uk citizenship , as ( per art . 
  20 tfeu ) :  `` citizenship of the union is hereby established . 
  every person holding the nationality of a member state shall be a citizen of the union . 
  citizenship of the union shall be additional to and not replace national citizenship . '', 
  if/when scotland secedes from the united kingdom , the citizens of scotland lose their uk citizenship in favor of a scottish citizenship , and with it their eu citizenship derived from the uk 's status as a member state . 
  that is the official word . 
  mind you , these people have to work with leaders and representatives from the uk , belgium and spain , who are trying to deal with serious secessionist movements . 
  openly endorsing or legitimizing/encouraging secessionists will damage their position . 
  there are a few things that come into play here . 
  comparison with say albania or turkey is not fair . 
  those countries do not meet accession criteria and certain member states are opposed to them joining . 
  i 'm going to assume that scotland has no major impediments to meeting the criteria for joining ( even though that depends on how the new scottish state and constitution is set up ) and no one would protest to scotland ( re - ) joining . 
  the same problem kind of holds true for your currency , will you keep using the gbp , will you introduce a scottish currency or will you use the euro as tender resembling a way that [ kosovo ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kosovo#economy ) does before a formal accession ? 
  how this transition is given form and what it means for your citizenship depends largely on what terms scotland secedes from the uk and the eu . 
  the treaties imply you lose your citizenship , however the new scotland as a country will presumably meet the [ accession criteria ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/copenhagen_criteria ) and would fly through the [ admission process ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/enlargement_of_the_european_union#process ) . 
  [ finland , for example , was fast-tracked into the eu in three years ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1995_enlargement_of_the_european_union ) , which they needed to make the legal adjustments necessary and hold a referendum . 
  i assume that all of these things will be formally and publicly negotiated in the case that the referendum decides there 's actually going to be an independent scotland following the referendum ( you can imagine that this is a precarious topic in europe for the aforementioned ms dealing with secessionists . 
  ) , and whether a hypothetical eu admission track is going to be part of the secession process in some form or another . 
  if eu citizenship is important to you , consider the possibility that you may lose that citizenship . 
  tl ; dr : legally you 'd lose it , but depending on the terms and conditions under which scotland would succeed the implications can be widely disparate . 
  scotland is not albania or kosovo , and i assume no major impediments would exist for scotland making a quick re-entry ( if not symbolically instant ) . 
  all speculation . 
  take it into consideration when you vote !, 
  i hope that helps ... edit : [ this article ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-scotland-politics-25366706 ) , albeit a bit dramatic , neatly reflects the opinions held by most involved . 
  depends strongly on the outcome of your election . 
  if you elect another hung parliament , it will allow farage and the cp hardliners to frustrate your entire discourse on europe with endless amounts of drama for another five years . 
  much as i love the man 's oratory skills , he 's a bit of a tragedy for your public debate . 
  i do n't want a federal europe either , nor do i want to spend truckloads on financing french farmers into overproduction , but exit rhetoric is net loss all around . 
  fucking massive hole in the european treaties , i do n't even know whether the european court has a legal basis to set a landmark case because the treaties are so sketchy on this . 
  it 's even more confusing that all scottish citizens are eu citizens , and no government can strip a citizen from his citizenship , including the uk government , the `` scottish government '' or any european institution . 
  part of me wants to just see this shit go down for the sake of seeing how it unfolds . 
  probably be relevant for spain and belgium too . 
  damn , i 'm 24 . 
  what am i doing with my life :(, 
  a valid point , and i agree . 
  i wrote my graduation thesis on euroscepticism in british politics . 
  one conclusion i myself drew is that the current electoral situation is driving the eu debate in britain . 
  the conservatives and ukip are competing with each other , so to gain the larger share of the conservative eurosceptic vote ( especially from where cameron is sitting , he has to deal with the possibility that this will affect his district vote in competing with a majority against labour ) . 
  as such , the euro-debate is heavily polarized and imbued by the electoral agendas of those two parties , which i think distorts the debate . 
  i for one , believe cameron is using the suggestion of a referendum as a political tool . 
  so , perhaps wait an election cycle , maybe two , so that this debate ( which is perhaps the most important one since wwii ) will not be subject to political games and the abilities of vocal fringe actors to exert an unfair and unrepresentative effect . 
  you 're not alone , there are many political forces in europe that are fundamentally opposed to a federal europe . 
  i just wonder whether indulging in exit rhetoric is the right way in dealing with it , with regards to sacrificing political capital . 
  redditor since :2013 -12 -14 ( 0 days ) right . 
   the commission just told you that the criteria have been delivered . 
  the commission only makes recommendations in this area . 
  the final determination is up to a unanimity in the council . 
   western europeans are so superior in anything , you need us in the eu as much as we need you wat . 
   a demand and offer thing since the beginning , is more a matter of image being in the eu are you serious ? 
  what do you think this is , a marketplace ? 
  the european union is [ not just about supply and demand ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/copenhagen_criteria ) , my friend . 
  if albania was only concerned about the image of being in the eu , then goddamn i hope my parliament will veto the shit out albanian accession every year .
