  how the fuck do you imagine this to work , if everyone had that attitude ? 
   romania and bulgaria are just a tiny bit better than us economically . 
  eu did n't do any huge change with them . 
  [ they were candidates from 1995 to 2007 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/enlargement_of_the_european_union#historical_enlargements ) . 
  albania has been a candidate since 2009 . 
  also , we live in a post-2008 financial crisis world , i 'm sure you can appreciate the context . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  if you feel you 're better off with china or the oic , then vote . 
  do n't try to morally blackmail people into fast-tracking you or whatever it is you 're arguing for . 
  we all make sacrifices in the assumption and hope that there is an absolute gain . 
  everything you 've said pertains to the relative gain of albania . 
   as for the islamic conference , i heard the dutch parliamentary session and that 's what they really said , so there 's no `` seriously do n't '' here . 
  thanks for informing me about what 's happening in my own parliament . 
  you and i both know * exactly * which person and which party we 're talking about here . 
  so yes . 
  do n't . 
  the european union is not a democratic federal state , and the european council is not a quorum , it 's a discussion and conflict resolution platform consistent of the *** heads of state of the member states *** . 
  you 're increasing the democratic deficit by giving a qmv majority the authority to override the democratically elected representation of another sovereign country by forcing them into union with a third , with all due implications . 
  [ last time we tried to go in that direction it did n't go very well ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_establishing_a_constitution_for_europe#qualified_majority_voting ) , and that was pertaining to policy areas far lower level than what we 're talking about here . 
   giving this status does n't change anything for your countries nope . 
  [ the ipa grants candidate members financial assistance ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/enlargement/instruments/funding-by-country/albania/index_en.htm ) . 
  finance is a big issue in europe . 
   which would be good for us yeah see , it 's this attitude right here . 
  how about you argue what albania can contribute ? 
  forgive me for being blunt , but how is albania gaining membership assistance , or acceding for that matter , in the common good ? 
  / u/igelkotten already explained that the eu is dealing with an overweight in net recipients versus contributors . 
  so , how will a proceeding albanian accession track benefit the european union ? 
   so , it 's not corruption think cumulatively . 
  some of the stuff you mentioned are already big issues on a european level . 
  you 're not thinking in absolute gains for us all , you 're thinking in relative gains for albania . 
  great for albania , not great for the european union . 
   some of the reasons given by the dutch mps was the fact that we are members of the islamic conference seriously , just do n't . 
  when a child is in so much suffering from a terminal condition that both its parents and its physician ( who actually has to end a life , let 's not have any illusions on this ) agree that this is the only acceptable solution , i do not feel an age limit has any added value here . 
  eu membership candidacy is about a hell of a lot more than whether or not a country is european and whether or not they have an egalitarian society . 
  besides the [ copenhagen criteria ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/copenhagen_criteria ) , support or resistance against enlargement has a lot to do with the political climates of all the member states , the state of the union as it were etc. 
  right now , the eu is in heavy weather and enlargement is n't very high on the political agenda in many countries , like the netherlands . 
   and oman is n't european nor does it have nearly as much equality as albania . 
  bit of a rubbish standard then , no ? 
  good points , there are similar woes springing up over here as well . 
  i 'm not comfortable with the direction some european figureheads , like verhofstadt , want to take us in either . 
  now is not the time for a serious discussion on a federal europe . 
  in the balance , however , leaving in the hopes an efta association is going to be the sugarcoated free trade utopia some would advertise will mean giving up your ability to have a say in any of it . 
  that is a price britain collectively should n't want to pay , in my humble opinion . 
  like i said , in exchange for still having access to the european market you will give up your whole say in its development and decisions will be made for you , not with you . 
  it 's a total net loss on the hinge that some sort of reduced association with the eu , and more with the commonwealth , will constitute some sort of gain . 
  i hope that the british electorate has no illusions about this . 
  i do n't think that 's the solution , above all for britain herself . 
  we ca n't have an `` a la carte '' europe , that will seriously undermine the sharing of rights and obligations . 
  you ca n't have access to the single market without sharing the obligations in maintaining it . 
  what i believe people like farage do n't understand is , when they talk about an efta type association with the eu , is that this is simply a shit deal . 
  say if britain were to do this , it will have an association model largely similar to those of norway or switzerland . 
  do n't forget that these countries have absolutely nothing to say in the administrative and legislative processes that also govern their obligations within those association agreements . 
  within that context , britain will lose a vast amount of influence . 
  it 'll be on the outside looking in , with all due consequences . 
  all great points . 
  over the course of my four years in european studies , especially when it comes to law , i 've found that the eu is very poorly set up to combat corruption . 
  the treaties are weak in providing the tools necessary to combat corruption , and those legal and correctional procedures ( either commission vs. member state or member state vs. member state ) that we have are all shamefully slow in operation . 
  the flip side of that coin is whether or not you want to increase the powers that either the commission or the council have over member states . 
  if it goes for say greece , it also goes for your country . 
  all of this makes the european union as a whole very sensitive to these topics . 
  name one . 
  just one . 
  amuse us . 
  ca n't agree more . 
  so are [ libya , oman ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:2013_un_human_development_report_quartiles.svg ) , and many others . 
  your point ? 
  yes and no . 
  this article has the dutch external affairs minister saying that eu candidacy status is a purely symbolic status . 
  that is simply not true , with regards to the [ instrument for pre-accession assistance ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/enlargement/instruments/overview/ ) . 
  it 'll expand financial assistance granted by the european union to albania to aid in achieving the accession criteria , and in light of that the corruption argument is not entirely unfounded . 
  in all honesty , i 'd rather we keep unanimity when it comes to enlargement . 
  aside from that enlargement qmv will seriously increase the democratic deficit and irrevocably justify and fuel euroscepticism , i feel that forcing pre-existing member states into union with others ( especially if their democratically elected parliament specifically said no ) is contrary to what the eu stands for . 
  severe enlargement fatigue . 
  we 've had a legit serious string of legit serious high profile bad news ( large scale subsidy fraud , incursions by atm skimming gangs etc. ), 
  that significantly involved romanians and bulgarians over the course of last year , so that 's not very surprising in light of the prospect of romania and bulgaria gaining access to the schengen area . 
  events such as those , but also other happenings in europe ( bailouts etc. ), 
  have imbued us with a seriously eurosceptic attitude towards everything europe right now , especially enlargement . 
  very hostile climate . 
  this is exactly this what gives people like farage their political momentum . 
  the european union in its current form is such a dense and anti-democratic institute i myself find hard to unify with the some of the most basic values we seem to share in europe . 
  for me , ashton in this sense perfectly embodies everything that 's wrong with the eu 's institutional setup . 
  i really find myself looking for a consistent political platform that is not opposed to the notion of european integration , but that does offer a critical standpoint on the way this is given form now , how this thing is set up and how people like ashton and the commission brass are given their ridiculous appointments . 
  likewise , if there was such a thing as a sensible euroscepticist political movement in my country . 
  i 'm getting so tired of the german government white knighting all over this issue whilst ignoring what this is causing in every country between them and turkey . 
  where 's the solidarity in that , you fucking hypocrites ? 
  spoiler alert . 
  inclined to agree . 
  well , stop behaving like this and you might actually be taken serious somewhere . 
  i can say something like `` i bet you 're fun at parties '' , but you 'll probably turn that around on me by saying how belgium is the nr . 
  1 party scene in the western world and absolutely no one goes to the netherlands . 
  that was adjusted for inflation . 
  you are very serious . 
  in a european context i fail to see how such a re-rolling for the eastern bloc would have been any different from [ finlandization ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finlandization ) . 
  it 's a claim . 
  by germany . 
  you people sure are sensitive . 
  ... against the parliament ? 
  i 'm not sure what it is that you 're responding to . 
  verhofstadt is hands down the most cringeworthy person in that room , and it 's not like there 's no competition . 
  you got it .
