  the trend is that those particular type of immigrants integrate and compete poorly in western society and economy , as a whole . 
  we do n't know how well syrians will do yet . 
  i do n't think it 's entirely fair to benchmark them against guest laborers of the 70s , but i do believe that several islamic principles and the cultural assumptions that flow from them are diametrically opposed to western values , culture and society . 
  such as ? 
  that 's just it . 
  turkey is too large and too heterogeneous . 
  the western coast looks indistinguishable from greece , at least from my perspective , but you 've got a state of pseudo civil war in the east and a wildly popular fundamentalist political leader . 
  same with ukraine , it 's just not something both entities should want . 
  it 'll be a pain for all involved . 
  well ... 
  i mean , i do n't want to be a dick but you guys have a full blown civil war going on and you 're 130/167 on the corruption perception index . 
  what do you want us to say ? 
  yeah but seriously , you guys belong in the eu as much as you belong in nato . 
  it 's convenient to the economic and military strategist respectively , but nothing outside of that . 
  it 's unfortunate , the western areas do have more in common with europe , i feel . 
  it 's not that simple . 
  this is essentially what the commission has been regurgitating to dissuade scotland and catalonia from seceding from their hosts , but without a precedent there is no real definitive basis to separate a couple of conflicting legal principles with respect to eu citizenship and territorial changes in member states . 
  oh my bad , i 'm on cell and could n't be bothered to view your haughty comment in browser . 
  i naturally assumed it was written from the perspective of the users i addressed . 
  i 'm even more confused now as to what your point and stake in this is , but i 'm glad the world is coming together on it . 
   where 's the characteristic european smugness now ? 
  if anything you guys are way worse off . 
  50 years of taking the moral high ground , for nothing . 
  i have no idea what you mean by this . 
  sounds pretty self-aggrandizing for someone lamenting self-aggrandizing . 
   police dogs : specially-trained police dogs are being used to sniff for intruders , explosives and drugs . 
  these dogs are quite friendly , of course , once you get to know them . 
  woof/10  yet after greece complained to germany about the new layers of fencing , the german foreign ministry on february 8 dispatched a ` verbal note ' to numerous macedonian ambassadors , in which it said that macedonia should have asked for permission from greece before building a fence on its own territory . 
  what am i reading ? 
  this article gives me all sorts of feels . 
  the erdogan administration seems to give a low priority to both those issues in favor of a belligerent individualist foreign policy . 
  not that that is n't their right , it just frustrates the rest of the alliance . 
  seeing that the turkish electorate is wildly supportive of this , i do n't see much in terms of a way forward . 
  mate , i agree with you . 
  the un pressuring you to open the border with syria and the eu pressuring you to keep people out of the eu is ridiculous . 
  what i am saying is that erdogan is severely confrontational about it . 
  that is one way to voice your dismay , but it will inadvertently disrupt your relations with your partners . 
  from the perspective of your partners , that is unfortunate . 
  i 'm not saying he 's wrong in doing it , i 'm saying that there are more effective ways of doing it . 
  my field is defense , but from my limited perspective i am somewhat confused why turkey is not directing all that anger at the gulf states . 
  they have contributed exactly squat in terms of managing war refugees . 
  i do , almost professionally now you could say . 
  gainfully employed by a defense policy institute . 
  like i said , i think his excessive belligerence and the fact that he is widely supported by the turkish public makes him a dubious partner . 
  at least we agree on the laughable part . 
  i never said that i endorse the eu 's policy , i was commenting on erdogan being a belligerent projectile whilst basking in popular support . 
  i entirely agree that it 's unfair to turkey that brussels is asking you to open your borders . 
  in fact , it 's those same leaders that nuked our public discourse on refugees as well . 
  i 'm not brussels ' biggest friend either , amigo . 
  comes with the job . 
  quick glance at my post history will lead you to the conclusion that that is what i have been doing , and that i even agree with the accusation . 
  my response laments the level of argumentation and articulation of criticism by users that have an observable common customization setting in this here subreddit . 
  and papa bear !, 
  keeping up with our good friends from across the pond < 3, 
  the fuck are you on about , i was making an observation about flairs and recurring commentary . 
  what in the world does that have to do with xenophobia ? 
  oh , and keep using `` europeans '' like it 's somehow a homogeneous nationality there , kissinger . 
  i 'll go complain about how africans need to stop being poor or something . 
  was n't aware that the eu gave you shit over that in the past . 
  if that is true , i 'm inclined to agree . 
  i do n't think you know what xenophobic means . 
  what is it with us flairs suddenly coming in here by the droves to share their extensive and well-articulated european defense , foreign policy and eu integration expertise ? 
  did fox news and papa bear pop another can of euro trashing or something ? 
  is it the nato announcement ? 
  i do n't know why we ca n't just dispense with the pleasantries and close that file . 
  oh man , nato partner and future eu member state , everybody . 
  except that 's not what i said . 
  like , at all . 
   but we do n't need anything to do with the migration issue to give us an excuse to put ships wherever we want . 
  if this was in our interest , we already would have done it . 
  yes , you do . 
  just that you think you can , does n't mean that you actually can . 
  referring to what / u/lampjaw mentioned europe likes to pride itself on its `` soft power '' , bluntly meaning non-military or otherwise related forms of intervention and development . 
  i 'm having serious trouble seeing it as more than a justification for risk aversion when military action is required presently . 
  it may have had intermittent application in the past , after 9/11 , the onset of massive immigration to europe in the 2000s and * especially * after the start of the arab uprisings/crimea it has become grotesquely negligent to both european solidarity and our obligations in nato . 
  the policy failure around the migrant crisis i 'd argue is a result of the advanced attrition the european project has endured after 2008 , starting with the banking crisis . 
  the framework that has governed the eu since 2007 came to be against the will of many , and is dysfunctional in ways too many to describe in one comment . 
  it started a vicious circle of governance failure that began with an over-extension of the public willingness to integrate and create interdependence by the political elites back then . 
  the european institutions muddle on with it , ca n't reform outside of downgrading in this climate . 
  personally , i 'd describe the general neglect of western europe to its military obligations as complacency first and foremost resulting from a threat vacuum after the end of the cold war . 
  terrorism , migrants and a grumpy russian in a deflating kremlin do not compare to nuclear annihilation and an actual risk of soviet subjugation . 
  over-taxation , discussions on the welfare state in the 21st century and aforementioned risk aversion are factors as well . 
  all of the above frustrates me greatly . 
  i actually agree with you , but this is tactically useful for the us . 
  it 's a good reason to ramp up its military presence in the aegean , bearing in mind how things are going between turkey and russia . 
  the us is renown for its interest based decision-making , and this gains america more influence in europe whilst providing them with a reason to strengthen its tactical positioning . 
  but yes . 
  european defense budgeting and cooperation is a total disgrace . 
  it 's something we let happen after the end of the cold war and apparently our political establishment has n't woken up yet . 
  not saying we need to militarize our societies , but 2 % of gdp is the minimum of what can be done given the world around us . 
  it 's just breaking , story will update as more information comes out . 
  okay . 
  i 'd say lgbt rights is one of the lower issues with israel joining . 
  yeah , i seem to have misread ionian for aegean . 
  my mistake , my apologies . 
  think before you comment . 
  i have no idea what the ionian/adriatic situation is like , to be fair , which is quite counterproductive considering albania is a large contributor to the economic migrant pool . 
  please share if you know more . 
  i have empirical evidence that they seem to be getting through without much inhibition !, 
  okay angela !,
