  the eu and everything around it is also approaching referendum type approval lows . 
  i 'd suggest that this is n't as much against this treaty or ukraine specifically as much as it is a chance for many to vote against the government , establishment politics and the eu in general . 
  ok thanks . 
  they 'll lose anyway . 
  that ship has sailed . 
  what kind of a bullshit low effort response is this ? 
  what does you suffering from terrorist strikes have to do with your failure to relay intelligence properly ? 
  at what stage did i imply to speak on `` the situation in turkey '' , implying i even care ? 
  your intelligence services used a clogged * ambassadorial * back channel to notify us 30 minutes before you put him on the fucking airplane , in an improperly filed message , in turkish . 
  shit , if i had a tinfoil hat i might even call that wilful sabotage . 
  you 're a lousy partner , that stands beyond dispute . 
  i genuinely appreciate the relativization , i spoke from a sentiment of consistent frustration with the justice department under the government we have now . 
  i 've literally never seen this . 
  like ever . 
  i 've been on reddit for four years . 
  this came out of a parliamentary inquiry that happened yesterday . 
  i assume there will be a dutchnews article in english later . 
  as i said before , the justice department can be faulted for ignoring the american warning . 
  they contacted our authorities directly . 
  on that basis i feel this minster should resign . 
  however , the gist of the turkish notification is that it was sent through an overloaded ( see comment above ) embassy internet portal , which was inappropriately tagged ( was n't flagged as urgent , the subject read `` travel plans '' and consecutively said `` very urgent '' in the message itself ) , all in turkish , and uploaded 30 minutes before the suspect was deported . 
  i do n't know what erdogan is playing at but in this whole `` we warned them '' nonsense he started , his ministry blew it . 
  that is because they did n't do their fucking jobs . 
  downvote me all you want . 
  i 'll take your silence as tacit acknowledgement that turkey is a dysfunctional partner for europe in dealing with terrorism . 
  the more of you vote , the more of you i know as not having the arguments to counter . 
  okay , so , i think our justice minister is an idiot that they dug up to replace an even bigger idiot and this is probably the worst cabinet we 've had since the 1970s . 
  ... that said , if you consider putting a notice , in turkish i might add ; * 30 minutes before this guy is literally put on his flight * on an internet portal that has hundreds of such notices * not mark it urgent with the appropriate tools but put * very urgent * in the damn message itself ( in turkish ) as `` mishandling a warning '' then no , you ca n't fault him . 
  blame him for ignoring the nypd , but the turks did this part . 
  this reporter was childish . 
  they 're wearing armbands so they must surely be nazis . 
  please stop i ca n't handle this much metatrolling . 
  their persistence baffles me . 
  that 's roughly what i 'm imagining as well . 
  albeit , the reason why it has n't happened is the same why defense cooperation does n't happen either : sovereignty over cooperation . 
  why would i do that ? 
  i paid good money for it and i got through macedonia with it . 
  i 'd welcome a more coherent cooperation between europe 's intelligence services , clearly there is more to be gained there . 
  i am uncomfortable with the idea of two organizations that function like the ones you mentioned , especially when it 's safe to assume that they 'll answer only to the eu institutions . 
  excellent choice of words , considering the topic . 
  ... offset to what came after that ? 
  it is , because the federal government had already laid claim to it through the louisiana purchase as far back as 1803 . 
  those are the macro implications , and i am inclined to agree with you that europe needs to keep innovating if it wants to stay ahead . 
  i conversely do not believe that the eu is necessarily the best format to do that . 
  china will take over , i hear that argument a lot and i always hated it when presented as part of a false choice between either going back to 1946 and suffering irrelevance and chinese submission or accepting that everything that comes out of brussels is the future and i just need to shut my ignorant xenophobic mouth . 
  there are other ways to maintain high levels of welfare and influence in the world than what 's in the treaties . 
  i firmly believe in transatlantic cooperation and intergovernmental european cooperation that does not demand political concessions . 
  you often hear the point made that political concessions are necessary to make this work , i do n't believe that . 
  but it has always been contextualized by the absolute supremacy of the american state . 
  there is no such entity in europe , no matter how hard the institutions try to be . 
  it would n't work anyway , european nations are far more complicated than geographic groupings of colonial settlements . 
  i do n't mean that in a haughty fashion , for the record . 
  a political union will always be based on the compatibility and willingness of its constituents . 
  to achieve something like the uk you need a distinct and unique socio-cultural drive . 
  in the middle ages that was violence , later it was elites interbreeding and title shuffling . 
  there is no such modern drive with respect to europe and there never has been , perhaps with the exception of post v-day euphoria after nazi germany surrendered . 
  the argument has always been economic , and as soon as we began materializing the political following the maastricht treaty shit started going south very fucking quick . 
   really the only issue is that people will have to swallow their nationalism . 
  you say that like it 's just about xenophobes and people that want to wave pieces of cloth with a specific pattern . 
  the only thing we 've managed to federalize so far is economic malaise , and i do not see why i , as a dutch taxpayer , should be held responsible for the economies of that we have so unfortunately tied ourselves to . 
  my reasons for placing high value on the sovereignty of the dutch state are many , the most important one is that i do not see why i should give up my legacy , constitutional , legal , international privileges , welfare and above all , tax buck to satisfy the fantasy of bureaucrats and , with all due respect , post-communist or otherwise troubled countries that want to fast track economic recovery at our expense . 
  different process . 
  i 'd say that no one really had a doubt that the dakota territory would eventually become a state after the louisiana purchase . 
  it had already become property of the us government . 
  i do n't think you can compare american states to european countries . 
  sociologically , economically , historically , you name it , they 're two completely separate forms of human organization . 
  without venturing into an obscure enumeration , i suppose i 'd say that eu countries are overwhelmingly heterogeneous whilst american states in the 19th century venture more towards the homogeneous . 
  furthermore , the us came to be through land purchases and conquest . 
  we 've tried both in europe , did n't work . 
  this is also why i do not believe in a european state . 
  a superstate forged in the manner projected by the treaties and driven by the european institutions is doomed to be a soulless manager of the incredible diversity on this continent . 
  i 'm thinking austria-hungary in its waning years . 
  i 'm really having trouble separating pleas for a european superstate from the naive . 
  so you 'd argue that the difference between 1880s new york and north dakota is comparable to the difference between say the netherlands and bulgaria ? 
  every journey has a beginning !, 
  idk man , 16th century head honcho spain let a few rowdy provinces give them shit for 80 years , forced spain to destroy their wealthiest trade hub in favor of everyone moving shop to them , and ended up conceding pretty much everything they took on the crown . 
  ^ ^ ^ albeit ^ ^ ^ you ^ ^ ^ let ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ portuguese ^ ^ ^ pay ^ ^ ^ for ^ ^ ^ most ^ ^ ^ of ^ ^ ^ it . 
  it 's like star wars , only with wooden boats and bad breath . 
  so refreshing . 
  people please , it 's speisa . 
  people move on . 
  it 's a part of life . 
  good response . 
  i feel that liberal argumentation with respect to migration today is inherently flawed in that it homogenizes humanity entirely , similar to how globalist or cosmopolitan theories and ideologies do n't account for structural value conflicts between cultures when brought together through migration in favor of an idealist kumbaya-it-will-all-work-out-fine vision of the world . 
  migrant streams and communities are , like humanity , wildly heterogeneous . 
  europe was once divided by conflict and war , now we have the european union and free movement . 
  i went to school with people from countries that were behind the iron curtain not 25 years ago and i could n't even tell if they were scandinavian , baltic , central european or former yugoslav . 
  south east and far east asian migrant communities have integrated very well into european and western societies , at least economically . 
  multiculturalism is n't necessarily a flawed concept . 
  its failure with respect to islamic immigration specifically to europe is a distinctly euro-islamic affair . 
  i say islamic as islam has a rigorous and structured set of principles and values that have produced consistent cultural assumptions in the entire islamic world outside of the religion itself . 
  i 'd argue those values and principles , and the cultural assumptions they produces are conflicting with western cultural norms and values . 
  i believe multiculturalism , migration , integration is about making the right match , or risk conflict . 
  this is why populism and pegida are so appealing to so many . 
  they tap into a fact of life that liberals , progressives , perhaps even the western european left as a whole outright chooses to ignore and smother with taboos out of conviction . 
  in effect , they themselves are providing the feeding ground for that which they oppose . 
  we can keep on pretending that these differences do not exist , call it racist or white supremacist to talk about them or whatever . 
  the fact is that if they are not properly integrated into the public debate and policymaking , we will even further exacerbate immigration and integration failure and all the outcomes that come with it whilst driving significant portions of the electorate into the arms of populists that would truly undo progress . 
  that entirely depends on how well they integrate and adapt to western society . 
  cynics cite previous attempts to integrate islamic immigration .
