personified by loans . 
  tallinn old town is a hidden gem , i was very grateful that my girlfriend dragged my skeptical ass down there for christmas . 
  i 'd never forgive myself . 
  thanks man !, 
  i feel your pain . 
  i went to finland , met a finnish girl , she did her erasmus here and now we 're separated . 
  she is wrapping up her ba in finland , and i 'm wrapping up my msc over here . 
  i hope we can find a way to tie it together . 
  yep . 
  increasingly less so since 1990 . 
  the united states has engaged in several wars since that , arguably , europeans had no interest in . 
  the united states has a security and intelligence culture that is widely considered abominable by most europeans . 
  snowden 's leaks made it abundantly clear how the us views it 's european allies , if they find it necessary to permeate the highest levels of european governments with espionage . 
  the issue here is that us policy is per definition not occupied with a common interest , merely in that which advances its own . 
  the united states is an interventionist , militant democracy under pressure , whose changing norms and values are increasingly diverging from ours . 
  we had a common cause against the soviet union , but i feel our common ground and common interests are becoming less and less . 
  ukraine further exemplifies the gap . 
  i 'd argue that as us foreign policy continues to operate on a strict neorealist basis , and as europe continues to develop an institutionalist , soft power culture we will keep clashing . 
  we 're already clashing over nato `` burden sharing '' , where the us expects us to restructure our militaries so they conform to their security strategy . 
  i think it 's time we go our separate ways . 
  the further we go with the european project , the less overlap and reliance we 'll have with/on the us . 
  i feel this is one of the primary legitimizations for the eu . 
  the us is concerned with one thing exclusively , their own self-interests . 
  us foreign policy has always been governed by hyper-neorealism . 
  the sooner we get the us out of european defense strategies , the better . 
  they do not have our interests at heart , and never will . 
   it 's a good thing to have a non-partisan , apolitical head of state . 
  an elected head of state will always be elected based on his views/practices relative to those of others , and unless it 's a 100 % in favour vote , people are gon na be alienated . 
  agreed . 
   our monarch is a descendant of the first leader of the dutch revolt . 
  the name of orange-nassau has close ties to dutch history , and are always gon na represent the people . 
  not agreed . 
  i do n't feel the royal family represents me . 
  i wish them no harm , but i am opposed to their position in our society . 
  i firmly believe any office of a democratic state can not be hereditary . 
  royalty , dukes and baseless , privileged titles have no place in the 21st century . 
  also , our royal house has a very questionable connection to william of orange . 
  the current family has held the throne since 1815 , after the napoleonic wars . 
  heh , the nipples make it look like an east german flag . 
   we 're not really fond of the continental mind set of what is good and not . 
  can you elaborate ? 
  just out of interest , not as a challenge . 
  one of the european union 's founding ideals was to prevent such regional bloc formation , or at least render it unnecessary . 
  it has n't really worked for the continent , one could argue . 
  liege is a problem . 
  can confirm , am maastricht . 
  i guess that simpsons gif is about to be revaluated . 
  my token of support . 
  i 've found that taking random potshots at study-related stuff on here is remarkably helpful , when you 're preparing material for an exam you 're practically guaranteed to end up with tunnel vision , imho . 
  and thanks !, 
  went great !, 
  in all honesty , and i 'm probably not voicing the popular opinion here , i think as a union we should move as much away from both the russians and the iranians as possible . 
  the political dimension just too volatile , as the case study with the ukraine is , sadly , proving as we speak . 
  i 'm very uncomfortable with the level of dependence the union has on the russians now , and as our demand increases that will only get worse . 
  if alternative energy sources are still too sci-fi for reality , i 'd be curious about what realistic options we have in north america . 
  you still made a good point in that the time it takes for us to re-rout our infrastructure without open access to russian gas is a problem . 
  one of the main reasons the commission is so antsy on diversification . 
  the commission is actively trying to push through the unbundling of foreign ownership participating in the eu economies , you 're right there . 
  it 's still something that remains in the domain of the member states . 
  there have been legal shots fired in lithuania , logically the russians are crying bloody murder . 
  yeah i sort of worded that on the go , sorry about that . 
  i meant to put that in the general narrative that gazprom is a major expansive player in either owning or co-owning energy infrastructure . 
  baltics might have a different take on that . 
  finland is in a bit of a luxury position comparatively speaking , and both their political posture and position in both infrastructure + geography is much better than baltics/ukraine/balkans ( remember 2k9 ? 
  ) / central europe . 
  is he wrong ? 
  i have an exam about this in 4 hours . 
  you 're right , and on top of that gazprom/russian government is actively expanding its control of midstream/downstream delivery terminals/storages and infrastructure . 
  they practically own the baltic infra , finland , either directly through gazprom or through gazprom-proxies ( e.g. 
  in hungary/czech republic ) . 
  the eu is actively pushing energy diversification but has n't been terribly successful ; their [ nabucco-west ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nabucco_pipeline ) diversification project ( hilariously , gazprom is a major stakeholder in the end-transit terminal for that as well ) flunked in light of competition from major energy supply companies ( tap/shah deniz-ii caspian consortium ) , russian pressure with their south stream project ( if they ca n't control the ukraine , best circumvent old soviet infra and build a new one ) and bilateral ( circumventing the european commission ) agreements between eu member ( germany-nord stream , italy-south stream ) states and russia . 
  at the same time , the russians are actively resisting external competition on their own market , citing them as `` investment risks '' and an excuse to decrease their investment rates . 
  more out-of-the-box thinkers are saying alternative sources or import shale from us/canada and reduce dependence on russia . 
  eums that have good supply deals with russia are difficult to move . 
  europe is a fucking mess when it comes to energy diplomacy/governance . 
  ... look mate you can deny this all you want , he definitely led a bunch of frenchmen across the channel . 
  with some degree of success , i might add . 
  i did n't say he was , i said he led frenchmen . 
  [ which he did . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norman_conquest_of_england#norman_preparations_and_forces ), 
  eh , well ... 
  it did n't really stop them from coming the other way either more recently , despite significant german efforts to make that more difficult . 
  confusingly , bill not given . 
  further research is required . 
  conclusion : english channel ineffective against european invaders when led by bill . 
  did n't stop a sizable host of angry frenchmen led by a guy called bill some time ago . 
  ... in terms of ? 
  i 'd say that has something to do with general attitudes within the eu 's member states . 
  germany is practically almost systematically opposed to active interventions , whereas the uk and france are more proactive in that field . 
  that 's another major hurdle , every country in the eu has a different general defense strategy and underlying military and organizational setup . 
  the eu has what it calls the `` battlegroups '' , right now nothing more than a disorganized and untested copy of nato 's rapid reaction force . 
  coordinated defense procurement and joint defense development are a few of the key hurdles to greater and more effective european military organization and capability development , and in that context this article gives me hope !, 
  well , ice-free harbor access has always been a very serious issue for the russians . 
  this also plays a role in how russia positions itself in syria , where they have a similar leasing agreement for access to tartus with assad . 
  also , sevastopol is a sizable and modern military naval facility , i 'm not aware of anything the russians have that approximates it . 
  modern military harbors , fully equipped to handle post-soviet hardware , are * expensive * . 
  all very relevant considerations when it comes to capability maximization . 
  but you 're right , from my personal perspective this is much more political than it is strategic . 
  i 'd say you can draw parallels with georgia , where the strategic narrative had everyone occupied whilst the political dimension was , perhaps , more relevant . 
  in that , i 'd say that this is yet another russian signaling exercise to post-soviet states that going west will lead to what 's happening now .
