  please , an honest answer . 
  of workers . 
  this is about full access . 
  edit : since this is the most downvoted comment , i assume there is confusion here . 
  the issue is that full schengen membership implies that the zone and the candidate state trust each other to operate at parity on issues like law and order . 
  romania 's accession will remove border controls and security layers between the two . 
  the position of the dutch government is that we believe that law and order in romania and bulgaria is still problematic . 
  this is not a semantic or personal argument , it 's a principled stance against something that has affected us badly over the past few years . 
  we do not hate you , we do n't want to take your livelihoods , we are worried that your organized crime will cause further damage . 
  direct your anger at them , not your future allies and fellow member state . 
  kidding ? 
  we 're about to have a referendum on the ukraine association agreement where corruption is the number one concern , and we voice the same concerns with other balkan candidate-candidates , like bulgaria , albania , but also serbia , macedonia , kosovo and so forth . 
   as if there is one country in the eu not working in it 's own interest it is in our national interest that we are not confronted with increases in criminal statistics as a result of countries where such concerns are relevant joining schengen . 
  does that really require an explanation ? 
  romanian accession is primarily in romania 's national interest . 
  border regulations , concerns over corruption in a new schengen country and other related concerns are in the interest of all countries already in schengen through mutual dependency . 
  including our own . 
  because corruption is n't a valid concern . 
  please permit me to be blunt , i apologize if it 's a bit sharp : i am frankly tired of countries like romania , bulgaria and albania being critical about the dutch having concerns over corruption in those countries . 
  it 's a valid bloody concern . 
  i understand that access to schengen or eu membership is important to you , but the eu has more important issues to resolve currently than your national interest . 
  ---------- edit : this feels like a damn ama . 
  a recurring issue below is that you feel that the netherlands takes an unfair stance against romania , and that we should take equal stances against greece or italy . 
  those countries are already in the schengen zone . 
  per the treaties , it becomes the responsibility of the european commission to ensure that member states keep to their obligations . 
  member states can start procedures of their own , but those are fallbacks if the commission has failed . 
  the commission is in constant liaison with those countries about their issues on rule of law . 
  you can find more on the commission website . 
  romania and bulgaria are not schengen states yet . 
  the netherlands takes a consistent stance against corruption and organized crime from prospective eu states , and prospective schengen states . 
  that goes for romania and bulgaria , but also croatia , bosnia , albania , macedonia , serbia , moldova , ukraine , kosovo and montenegro . 
  it is our belief that the eu moves too quickly with this . 
  the eu system is already under a tremendous amount of pressure as a result of an abundance of net takers and lack of net givers . 
  romanian and bulgarian gangs caused hundreds of millions of euros of damage in last five years in the netherlands , so it is definitely a genuine concern . 
  this is n't about your damn harbor , the costanza port or whatever , or some imaginary beef that this country has with yours . 
  i would love to see a strong and stable romania join the schengen zone . 
  as long as your rule of law threatens that , the dutch parliament will veto you . 
  i am both happy and proud that my government takes a principled stance as opposed to indulging in socially acceptable behavior in eu politics on this very important issue . 
  direct your anger at the elements causing this problem : corruption and organized crime . 
  yeah , we tried imperialism . 
  [ did n't work out . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_war_i ) you know , the funny thing is i do n't even necessarily disagree with most of the points that you try to make . 
  i just think that you make your case extremely poorly . 
  i 'm going to stop replying now . 
   *** but they are brown . 
  *** you 're being obtuse . 
  do n't be obtuse . 
   none of those places are in our neighborhood . 
  and handling it in such a way as not to generate hundreds of thousands of refugees has been a specific us foreign policy objective since the 1820s . 
  so as long as it 's not in your neighborhood you 're free to drop those considerations ? 
   as for libya , you can not blame us if you guys are too lazy to go in there and handle the situation according to your national interests . 
  you should have gone in there on day 1 . with a plan . 
  and you did n't . 
  not our fault . 
  same for syria , tunisia , bosnia , kosovo , ukraine , and georgia . 
  because crashing into places with `` plans '' has worked out so well for you . 
  [ mission accomplished !, 
  ] ( http://www.gambitmag.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/team-america-world-police-1168-16x9-large.jpg ), 
  the 1967 protocol vastly expanded on the definition of what is a refugee , enabling the system for large scale abuse . 
  as a result of the arab uprisings and the influx of african migrants the inflow of applicants is so large that greece and consecutively other eu states began producing backlogs that will last for months , years , with all due consequences . 
  i too wish for a more coherent eu migration policy . 
  immigration regulation remains as a firm state sovereign policy area , i do n't see that changing . 
  you might say there is an incentive now , i 'm more inclined that to argue that it 's far more of an incentive for member states to further entrench it in national level policy making . 
  i also expect that any european consensus on the matter would echo the `` redistribution plan '' : pointless , symbolic and entirely ineffective . 
  it is completely different , socio-economically , culturally , and factoring in global economic inequality . 
  comparing large droves of migrants coming from africa , the middle east and south east asia to yugoslavians or displacement that happened between 1939 and 1946 is naive . 
  i agree that european defense budgets are shameful , and you 're right in pointing that out . 
  for the incentive : in afghanistan you failed . 
  in iraq , you failed . 
  you failed in libya , and you blocked an agreement with the russians for syria in 2011 . 
  america , and its shit leadership , caused a lot of our problems . 
  let 's not forget that . 
  the refugee convention and that part of the geneva convention were designed in a post-ww2 context . 
  they are entirely inept as frameworks for regulating what 's happening now , and in effect enforce a laissez faire policy on governments trying to regulate this migration crisis by bestowing a metric ton of rights on migrants . 
  great to protect those returning from concentration camps and those that were forced from their homes by the nazis , absolutely counterproductive for 2016 and the issues we 're facing today . 
  if you ca n't follow a line of reasoning for more than one comment down there 's nothing i can do for you . 
  i do n't know why you 're replying . 
  i asked why the result of our democratic process is unfortunate , not that of bloody uganda . 
  i 'm the obtuse one ? 
  i sincerely hope and will defend that a more democratic europe will prevail over the calls of those that deem its outcomes `` unfortunate '' . 
  ... what does ugandan legislation have to do with european democracy , and what does the ukraine association agreement have to do with morality ? 
  there are many countries that have experience in weighing democracy versus alternatives , your own included . 
  democracy is unfortunate ? 
  do you really believe that this is unique to this country ? 
  hold a similar referendum in all the member states , and guess how many of them turn out red . 
  ~ ~ and another win for the welfare state . 
  wow , europe ca n't stop winning . ~ ~ defeat . 
  how bitter . 
  damn you kind stranger . 
  motion passed !, 
  another victory for european cooperation . 
  i figured the suggestion of building a wall to stop muh euros from going to greece would be enough to ensure that my comment was n't taken seriously . 
  instead i 'm a slave driving colonial pig . 
  magic . 
  i 'll pass on the union forming bit though is that okay ? 
  idk man . 
  one of the few remaining european consensuses is that we 're all collectively tired of greece and its shit . 
  a wall around it kills two birds with one stone : it keeps the kebab from coming in , and prevents our euros from going out . 
  you 'd take that deal ? 
  i 'd take that deal .
