  rammstein lyrics are something else but understanding what the concept is behind the words is very useful , especially for words that you 're not going to find translations for in books or on the internet quite often ( rape , kill , steal ; all very important words to understand but you 're not going to find them printed in a book on the german language ) , and i must 've watched deutschland 83 half a dozen times now , and it 's starting to click inside my head so i 've just watched the first episode without subtitles and i was n't completely lost . 
  stay away from online translators unless you put the word in a sentence , and even then try to avoid using it . 
  i used google translate to find out what lock was and it turns out that the act of locking a door and the lock object itself have two completely different terms in german , so translators do n't really teach you how to use the language . 
  finally , find a list of the one hundred most common words in that language and use them . 
  we only use around two hundred words in english on a daily basis , and the average briton only knows something like six hundred words . 
  once you 've learned all the words , find a list of two hundred words , and then keep moving up and up . 
  do n't think to yourself `` this word is n't on the list , i ca n't use this '' though . 
  other resources such as duolingo are good , but they can never replace the old fashioned ways i have outlined above . 
  duolingo is a very good supplement to this though , but we 've had a falling out before so i do n't recommend learning a language if you already have an accent that is n't the `` official '' accent because it 'll have a go at you unless you talk like a rupert . 
  addendum : learn synonyms and illustrative language ( i think that 's the term ) eventually , but that 's advanced learning . 
  for example , you do n't just jump in english . 
  you can leap , you can propel yourself , you can take off , fly , and soar ; these all mean the same thing depending on how the language is used . 
  remember when you were six and we got those books that said stuff like `` katie smiled , shaun grinned , atique beamed '' etc. 
  the words all have slightly different meanings which is important to understand , but they also share the same meaning within a particular context . 
  that is true across all languages . 
  it 's just learning responsible drinking . 
  i started getting a small cup of beer or wine with my dinner when i was around five . 
  i was drinking socially and at home long before i turned eighteen , and now that i 'm twenty one it 's been a very long time since i 've been drunk , even though i 'm at uni . 
  when i go out i get a cider and i mull it over for a while , then another , and another , and another , until i 've decided i 've had enough . 
  some of my mates though ( especially the younger ones ) go straight for the 2-for-1 jaegerbombs , trays of sourz , and necking pints like they 're about to go off . 
  i really do n't think they know how to have fun on a night out unless they are smashed off their face . 
  i think it was # 18 a month for bt 's cheapest and lowest broadband package originally , but we 've complained so many times the price is around # 13 a month . 
  usually we 're getting ~ 84 kb/s download , upload is nonexistent . 
  sometimes on a good day we get up to just under a megabit , but that 's very rare . 
  here at uni the internet cost is included in the rent . 
  i 'm downloading a game and steam tells me it 's working at 7.9 mb/s right now , peaked at 9 . 
  so far , only one in 2017 ( rather , only one recorded ) . 
  2016 is a different matter entirely though , and 2015 is in another league . 
  no we call them either yanks or seppos . 
  that last one is meant to be offensive . 
  rioting is france 's national pastime , i highly doubt yourself or anyone else would be at any serious risk . 
  spag bol it 's like spaghetti bolognese but with the classic british twist : it 's overcooked and tastes like old boot leather . 
  fish and chips . 
  first you lie the cat down on a sheet of newspaper , then you wrap the cat up in the newspaper so only his head is sticking out . 
  keep repeating with more sheets of newspaper until the cat is bored and sods off . 
  that 's the fish . 
  for the chips you ball up newspaper and shove them in the fish . 
  you should end up with a cone of cat . 
  sadly i do n't have any pictures . 
  my cat died last year , but if you want to play fish and chips you have to start when they 're a kitten . 
  um , in the two history lessons on napoleon i had ( one on russia and waterloo , the other on elba and saint helena ) he was compared to hitler by my teacher . 
  quite a bit actually . 
  well , seeing as i 've been boozing with my lecturers since college , i 'd say the uk . 
  i 've spent time with them outside of college and university . 
  poor [ jo cox ] ( https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/c6e4c0e622483c8e88f96a42264a565c5909a3f5/411_300_2897_1738/2897.jpg?w=460&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=max&amp;s=5c332a9dc28a6f8b7afcc1e7d8cfd2f2 ) was n't half bad either . 
  so is his name croat croat , or does hrvoje change the meaning ? 
  i seem to remember a thread in which somebody said they met a hvrat horvat , or something along those lines . 
  literally the most croatian man in existence . 
  i keep bumping into de ruyters . 
  even got some de ruyters in my family tree , down in south africa , although i think the spelling has changed . 
  english has no strict language or pronunciation rules , you can say it anyway you want . 
  for example , i would personally pronounce my previous sentence as n'glish as no stric lang-wedge er pro-nun-ciation rulls , ya can say it anywa yu wan . 
  most people wo n't even pick up on your spelling if you are an adult , like i catch myself sticking es on the end of things ( sectore , systeme , stuff like that ) . 
  word order is also completely arbitrary most of the time , for example `` it is the apple of john 's '' is exactly the same to `` it is john 's apple '' . 
  the former is the less common way of saying things , but people will still understand you perfectly and it is grammatically correct . 
  if people are going to take the piss out of your accent then it 's going to be because you are polish , not because you have an accent and it 's most likely to be banter unless you 're in edl territory . 
  freedom and liberty are good . 
  all of our nations are founded on those principles , those unalienable human rights , but america took it too far . 
  when your country openly allows hate speech that intends to cause conflict and violence and resentment , you 're not helping people to be free but allowing them to be oppressed . 
  it 's nasty and nobody likes to think about it much , but we restrict the things you can and ca n't say in public for a very good reason . 
  i do n't think trump is a fascist , but i do think there is a very real chance that the next president could be , and fascism would have been allowed to fester in america because the same laws and beliefs and rights that caused your nation to go to war in order to eradicate fascism allowed it to grow in your home . 
  trump will run his course . 
  he 'll shout and scream and pound his tiny fists on the floor , but the only thing he will change is america 's place in the world . 
  i ca n't say i 'm sorry to see an end to the american-led world order , but i am afraid of who might replace them . 
  liberalism in america is very different to liberalism in europe . 
  in europe it is economically liberal : free market , low government regulations , all those things america seems to love . 
  in america it is socially liberal : suffrage , statutory healthcare , all those things europe loves . 
  libertarianism is n't something that really exists over here . 
  most people draw parallels between libertarianism and anarchy , or deregulation that can cause serious harm . 
  most governments have attempted to deregulate services , and that has blown up in peoples ' faces . 
  yes , but i think the laws associated with that right do need amending in a few key areas . 
  you hear about way too many people being murdered by people who are already suspected of or on probation/parole for murder or another violent crime . 
  hearing about one such death is too many . 
  i do n't think people should be locked up until they are proven guilty , because obviously that turns the concept of innocent until proven guilty inside out , but i think something needs to be done . 
  i 've always wondered , how are these colonies on the other side of the world governed ? 
  i 'm assuming that you have a local parliament that has enough power to keep the country running but not enough to change any significant laws ? 
  it 's one of those `` toy dogs '' of course , they 're basically big rats . 
  big flying rats . 
  we have something similar where i 'm from , but because villages are miles apart by road but a quick walk on foot , and most people do n't own cars . 
  stay off the crops and out of fields with animals , and none of the farmers care if you take a shortcut through their wheat field . 
  i think we do national identity very well . 
  there are very few nationalists , most people would n't describe themselves as patriots but hold services like the police and the nhs , and the forces in very high standing . 
  everybody has an opinion on the government and it 's a lot more nuanced than the constant name calling that you see from some other countries ( who else has immediately stopped reading somebody 's political argument the moment you read `` libtards '' , `` liberal cucks '' , or `` right-wing fascists '' ? ) . 
  anybody can be british , we do n't have ideas like afro-british , sino-british , or anything like that , they 'd just be british , and being british boils down to british values , which are really quite cosmopolitan . 
  basically if you 're not a dickhead and you does n't cause a fuss because men ca n't marry each other in your home country , then you can be accepted as being british . 
  * `` who ? 
  '' * he 's not exactly a household name , but the people who do know of him know of his deeds ; conquering his way to india , pissing off that gordian bloke , was rather fond of his horse ( i do n't think many of them would know/remember that the horse was called bucephalus ) , pissed off the persians , named nearly every city he conquered after himself , and then drank himself to death . 
  macedonia , or i 've heard `` firom '' ( fyrom ) a few times . 
  quite . 
  in english it means a little . 
  in american it means a lot . 
  or it 's the other way round , i ca n't remember . 
  * `` it 's quite chilly today '' * can mean both ` it 's slightly cold ' and ` it 's very cold ' . 
  english . 
  edit : also funny . 
  funny can mean something is hilarious or it could mean that something is peculiar , odd , or interesting . 
  my previous quite/quite example is n't hilarious , but it is peculiar . 
  short and stocky semi-retired housewives , normally very quiet and reserved but if you make the mistake of starting something on the bus then there 's no shutting them up . 
  nice people , just very dull . 
  they 're very conservative with their dress , with the most daring parts of their wardrobe being those velcro daps and beige trousers that every geriatric in the country seems to own a pair of .
