  yes they are . 
  and i say that as a person who has many friends who are gypsies . 
  they are basically unarmed ( usually ) bandits . 
  14 karat diamond rings , part of the argos spring catalogue . 
  see , that bit about the punctuation is something i feel like i should have learned in school . 
  instead i learned , `` bonjour monsieur oiseau . 
  le mason c'est rouge '' , and other such nonsensical balderdash . 
  ooh , let 's see if the british education system has failed me for the french language like it did for the spanish : by against think ( you need ? ), 
  the space ( an empty or unspecified region , rather than the space bar because that is * barre d'espacement * , not space ) before ( avant like * avant garde * , anglicised as * vanguard * which is the first line of attack , also translated to * advance * ) the double pronunciation , future citizen !, 
  `` as against think about the space before the double pronunciation , future citizen ! '' ? 
  i 'm assuming you mean i should treat l' as pronunciation , rather than a contraction of le/la/les empereur , thus it does not inherit the capitalisation of empereur ? 
  how did i do , is that good enough to serve l'empereur des francais ? 
  and that 's what being british is all about . 
  and we all hate the english . 
  south west england here !, 
  never saw a black person with my own two eyes until i was eighteen . 
  i 've seen lots of nepalese , pakistanis , moroccans , and indians though , but nobody who was actually black until sixth form . 
  driving through milton keynes was bizarre . 
  i felt like i was driving through the set of some social experiment like the truman show . 
  swindon . 
  it 's just ... it 's just swindon . 
  after wwii , all of the poor people 's homes that got blitzed were rebuilt in fancy apartments for the upper middle class , so the proles left london west down what would eventually be the m4 corridor . 
  at the same time , people from bath who were in the same situation headed east , and both groups met in the middle and developed swindon into the sprawling low-income industrial hellhole that it gained a reputation for . 
  it 's not actually that bad these days , but it is so decentralised that you need a car ( and a lot of money for parking ) in order to shop around . 
  also luton . 
  highest drug , gun , and knife crime in northern europe basically ( and western europe , nobody knows which one we are and it seems to change daily ) . 
  apparently most terrorist cells and british jihadis come from luton also . 
  stereotypical bad city is swindon . 
  the actual bad city is luton . 
  i wo n't even be moving 100 miles , let alone across the country . 
  despite my close proximity to my mother 's house , i 'm planning on being completely independent . 
  i do n't need the parent bank because my mother is unemployed and does n't own a washing machine , so no laundromat for me either . 
  i 've got a green for general waste , and a black bin with a blue lid for plastic bottles and cardboard only . 
  if they sort themselves out then by all means . 
  at the very least they would have to sort out their democratic system , education in rural areas , and the treatment of prisoners and quality of prisons . 
  turks and europeans have been ancient cultural enemies for centuries . 
  it 's about time we buried the hatchet for good . 
  the traditional english breakfast consists of fried bangers , fried bacon , fried eggs , fried tomatoes , fried mushrooms , sometimes with fried bread . 
  and tea . 
  i think the most common breakfast food is probably a cereal and toast . 
  and tea . 
  the sun moves ( obviously , but i have been with people who are amazed at how quickly it moves in a few hours and they got me lost once ) . 
  in order to keep walking in a straight line , you need to adjust your direction by 6 degrees ( or thereabouts ) every half an hour , depending on which direction you are travelling . 
  very rare . 
  in fact we are taught from a very early age to never pick mushrooms . 
  no idea if our fungi are more toxic than ones on the continent or it 's just people being terrified as usual . 
  it does kill quite a lot of gypsies apparently ( according to my rom friends ) . 
  iirc there is an indian community in manchester or birmingham or somewhere like that who voted leave in the referendum because they were worried about being displaced by the poles . 
  island mentality . 
  whenever it comes to being like the rest of the eu , we say `` why should we ? 
  '' , instead of `` why should n't we ? '' . 
  probably goes back to the empire : most internationally powerful has beens tend to have a chip on their shoulder . 
  the attitude is `` we 're better '' , or `` we 're different and proud of that difference '' , rather than co-operating and being helpful . 
  many of us are more familiar with kilometres and metres though . 
  when i was growing up , metric was the only system i learned ( although that was repealed quickly ) . 
  all official units of measurement are in miles , yards , feet and inches , and stones and pounds , but that 's because the majority of the population predate decimalisation , and grew up exclusively using those measurements . 
  my mother wanders around sainsbury 's with her phone out , converting kg to lb and oz so she knows if she is getting her money 's worth ( and she is n't really , because she 's still under the impression that # 1 is 240p half the time ) . 
  a lot of these people grew up being told that their nation , their empire , was the greatest nation on earth . 
  every classroom had a map of the world , most of which was painted pink . 
  now that is no longer the case it is too horrible for many of them to adapt . 
  socially , i doubt anybody would care why your kid 's surname is ivanova when yours is ivanov and smirnova , but a lot of state stuff is based on sharing the same name . 
  when i came back from cuba , having spent the last 35 hours either on a plane or in an airport , the staff at heathrow could n't comprehend that my surname was n't the same as my mother 's . 
  they asked my brother and i ( who were jetlagged severely and in the stage of puberty where everything pisses us off ) how we were related to `` this woman '' . 
  ` course shit kicked off , my brother and my mother have got gobs on them and had n't slept for two days . 
  because of that , we had to wait whilst airport staff made sure that a 5 ' tall middle aged british woman had n't kidnapped two burly 6 ' british teenagers from an orphanage in havana or something . 
  that 's an extreme example , but i 'm currently trying to fill in an hc2 form so i would get dentistry and shit on the nhs when i 'm at uni , and not having the same last name as my mother has also caused problems . 
  student finance has also caused problems , getting a bus pass when i was in secondary school caused problems . 
  socially , nobody is going to give a shit . 
  going on holiday , getting help with medical costs , getting a student loan , and getting a bus pass might be a bit of trouble . 
  as for the alphabet thing , there will be an anglicised version , but it really depends . 
  my mate 's father is a gurkha , and his mod id badge he wears on official visits has his name in english and in nepalese , but for all official documents it will be in english . 
  no , we just live on the same continent and share many cultural similarities , historical events , and genetic traits . 
  the school i went to for sixth form had the absolute worst computers i have ever seen . 
  you would take out a stack of laptops ( literally , a stack ! ), 
  because only one in eight would work . 
  for desktops , they were slow , bogged down , and apparently ran windows 32-bit instead of 64 , and i believe that because there was a very small selection of programmes that could be run on them . 
  halfway through the year the school began building an american-style deli canteen . 
  i was fucking outraged , as were many other students , because we are missing deadlines , failing work , and struggling with our education because of the school 's problem and it 's another canteen they build instead of buy new computers !? 
  they did n't even need one !, 
  there were two canteens already which together had seating space for all students and more !, 
  well it turns out the school could not secure funding for new computers and new laptops , but they got approved for the # 1.8 million or something american-style deli canteen . 
  my previous school before that got bashed regularly for not being diverse enough ; it was quite literally 99.9 % white . 
  there was only one black kid in the entire school , one american lass , and one swiss lass . 
  now , was the school `` not diverse enough '' because it was institutionally racist ? 
  that 's what the government and the local rags wanted to find out . 
  the school was not diverse enough because it is located in the english heartland , in a low income area that does not attract foreign professionals , and the population is 99.9 % white anglo-saxons . 
  and they still got bashed for not being diverse enough ( which was a load of bollocks anyway because half of the kids were chavs and half of the remaining half were gypsy - that 's two major socioeconomic groups right there ) . 
  nobody in government has a clue or an original idea in their heads . 
  all that shite gove brought in was exactly what he went through in the 1960s and '70s . 
  there 's no evidence to suggest that method of schooling is better , in fact there is significant evidence to suggest the contrary which is why we scrapped it in the first place . 
  gove just wanted it in because he was comfortable with it . 
  i bet he would have tried to repeal the laws on corporal punishment if he had the chance . 
  english lads , for sure . 
  or small french children , but all round it 's going to be english lads . 
  just all round shite , from reception all the way to sixth form . 
  there are too many problems to list , from school dinners which are basically sawdust , lemon juice , and food dye ( fuck you , jamie oliver ) , through overworking and overloading children ( i shit you not , i had a girl go through a full stress-induced breakdown in year six last year . 
  never took her sats because of it ) , all the way to problem parents ( of which there are many ) and parent governors who write rules and make policies which are absolutely absurd and even illegal ( such as banning use of the water fountain on the hottest day of the year because of the heightened risk of germ transmission - fortunately that one did n't get past the teachers ) , whose kids do n't even go to the school . 
  it 's just fucked up all round , gove fucked it up even more , and the whole system needs to be torn to the ground and rebuilt . 
  i dunno , maybe make britain invest in some decent foreign language education for a change and go full schengen so we can go and take jobs in foreign countries , rather than them just coming here . 
  they come here , we go there .
