  i never carry money , and everywhere that is worth buying stuff from takes card . 
  just so you know , you can activate windows using the license key from an old device that you own ( it checks it against your microsoft account so it 'll know if you have n't used your license key ) . 
  some laptops print the license key on the bottom of the device , on one of the stickers . 
  others need it to be extracted from the registry , which is a ballache , but it can save you quite a bit of cash if you 're getting a new device with the intention of ditching your old one . 
  i know quite a few people who adhere to the muslim guidelines on dress , but i 've seen them eating starbucks bacon baps . 
  the only young people i know who i can say with any certainty are religious are the two i have already mentioned . 
  orban ( hungary ) , mattarella ( + prime minister renzi for bonus points ) ( italy ) , higgins ( + taoiseach kenny ) ( ireland ) , hollande ( france ) , poroshenko ( ukraine ) , and zeman ( czechia ) . 
  as far as i 'm aware ( we do n't really talk about such things ) , all but two are , and i only know they are not because they 're members of the christian society at uni . 
  i do know for certain that all of my close friends are atheist , because we have discussed it . 
  one of the defining moments in british history , and the first time the british public ( and beyond ) were aware of the existence of the sas . 
  in less than fourteen minutes they assaulted the iranian embassy , breaking the six day long stalemate , rescued twenty five hostages , and executed five of the six terrorists . 
  it was seen live by millions of people all around the world , and cemented the sas 's status as being one of ( if not the ) premier special forces groups . 
  i do n't literally mean i think my uncle participated in operation nimrod , but i am almost certain he was one of * ` them ' * . 
  most of my friends are either in the military or military kids , and my family has strong military ties ( a member of my family has fought on every side of every major european conflict in the last three hundred years ) . 
  rifles , royal electrical and mechanical engineers , royal intelligence corps , royal logistics corps , royal military police , royal tank regiment , submarine fleet , even royal marine commandos , plus many raf and rn units over history . 
  i 'm also 75 % certain that my uncle was [ the second man on the balcony ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2011/09/02/article-2033165-0db01ebf00000578-637_634x418.jpg ) ( although every english pub has somebody who claims that was them ) . 
  out of all of them ( 13 ) , roughly half have seen combat . 
  our concept of veteran is rather different though ; we tend to identify somebody who is serving for life as a veteran . 
  somebody who does one tour of duty and has a desk job is n't usually considered a veteran . 
  that 's because a lot of confidential information can only be sent by fax . 
  email stores the information on the host 's system , on a server somewhere , and on the recipient 's system , so there are three points where confidential information could be accessed ( provided that somebody has the skill and the tools required ) , whereas fax is just a piece of paper that is put through a machine that is immediately shredded at one end , transmitted down the phone lines , and then ( at my employment at least ) it can only be received by the host when they authenticate themselves with their keycard , and the information is stored on an ssd which is then wiped automatically ( unlike an hdd , ssds can be wiped so completely that even proprietary forensic software like ftk will struggle to receive any fragment of information ) until it prints the message , which is read and then shredded . 
  now that 's a lot more complex than an ordinary fax system , and i only work in a school . 
  if something like mi6 still uses fax , then their system is going to be a hell of a lot more advanced , and we still use fax because it does not have the fundamental security/privacy flaws that email has . 
  i can easily identify and understand some ( depending on the language ) spanish , german , dutch , welsh , russian , polish , italian , and french , and can discern between spanish and portuguese , and polish and lithuanian by the accents of the speakers , but i do n't think i would be able to discern between speakers who lived near the borders of those respective nations . 
  um , because then we 'd win and have to host it next time ? 
  that 's not the point of eurovision . 
  well , you can , but we wo n't be able to understand you . 
  fortunately though us englishfolk are hardwired to flee from anybody making angry scottish noises . 
  thank you . 
  it 's called the freedom to roam laws , it 's also called crow but i do n't know why . 
  basically you can go anywhere you want , but gardens , crown property , and military property is off limits ( with some exceptions ) . 
  breaking something like a fence or a bottle , or trampling crops , or any damage to property really is automatically criminal damage , and the landowner reserves the right to tell you to leave . 
  if you refuse to leave then that is trespassing , which is also an offence . 
  it 's because our nation is so small , and the road system is so weird : my village and another village are only one and a half kilometres apart , but it 's six kilometres by road , so we cut across the farmer 's fields and stay off his crops and away from his cows . 
  camping is illegal in england and wales unless it is done with the permission of the landowner . 
  sticking up a tent in somebody 's field without their permission will get you arrested . 
  so far i 've only met two syrian refugees and they 've been lovely chaps who do n't speak a lick of english other than a few words which are always followed by `` please '' . 
  we had to speak in very broken french because that was the only language we shared . 
  i 'm meeting with the six syrian families that live in my area on saturday . 
  one of the families only arrived in the uk last week . 
  no idea how well we 'll communicate as my french is appalling , but many of them speak some english . 
  the most pointless and important conflict in history . 
  bus . 
  or walk . 
  some people cycle , but i do n't have a bike . 
  [ isle of wight ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/isle_of_wight ) , [ lindisfarne ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lindisfarne ) , [ jersey ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jersey ) , and [ guernsey ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/guernsey ) . 
  first jamie oliver takes our school dinners , then he takes your paella !? 
  the gall of that man !, 
  there 's a local bavarian style pub/nightclub ( that is about as bavarian as the king of abyssinia ) that sells budweiser in the `` czech imports '' section . 
  i used to work in lacock over the summer which was always swarming with americans , which i did n't mind except there was always a few tourists who gave me fond memories of 1812 . 
  * `` how much is this in dollars ? 
  '' * - idk , like , twenty ? 
  ( turns out it was $ 52 but she bought the naffest suitcase ever made anyway ) * `` oh it 's so quaint here , you live such a quaint lifestyle , honey '' . 
  * - you know we 're not amish , right ? 
  there 's internet , central heating , and even running water here . 
  * `` what 's up with your toilets ? 
  '' * - we do n't have toilets . 
  there 's a big ditch outside the village , it 's right next to the well , you ca n't miss it . 
  * `` can you tell me the price of this in dollars ? 
  '' * - twenty nine ( it was four ) . 
  * `` have you met the princess ? 
  '' * - she 's not a princess , and we call her camilla the gorilla ( idfk why ) . 
  now times all of these by a thousand . 
  always a good laugh though , but apart from being too touchy feely and asking me some very personal questions like `` how are your family '' , `` do you live here '' , and `` are you having a good day '' , most of them were alright . 
  what you need is some monarchy !, 
  get rid of those pesky term limits and have your leaders directly appointed by god !, 
  nothing gets a country to develop faster than progress through absolutism !, 
  ^ ( ^ ^ experiences ^ ^ with ^ ^ absolute ^ ^ monarchy ^ ^ may ^ ^ vary ) [ concept image ] ( http://www.mikechurch.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/king-obama-jester-biden-300x238.jpg ), 
  my grandmother had a stroke in her early seventies that caused her to be paralysed and triggered rapid onset dementia that just would not kill her . 
  she was put into full time care and had pneumonia when she was in her late seventies , which somehow did not kill her . 
  she remarked to the nurse that she wanted to die so she was placed under long-term 24 hour psychiatric observation , because in this country it is considered unnatural that an old woman who has spent the last six years of her life bedbound and slowly rotting from the inside wants to die . 
  when she eventually did die , at 86 , she was utterly ignorant of the world around her . 
  totally blind , totally deaf , incapable of expressing herself through any medium , and she had spent over half of my life lying in a hospital bed so we could watch her decay . 
  i do n't ever even want to hear that another person has been forced against their will to suffer in that manner , to have their desires silenced because our medical system and our government does not value pragmatism or humanism when it comes to end of life care . 
  why is euthanasia a mercy we grant to our pets , but deny to our relatives ? 
  abandoning somebody to rot in a hospital bed as their body slowly collapses is not the way a person should die . 
  edit : i 'm 21 now , i was 18 when she died , and i had just turned 9 when she had her stroke . 
  i 'll give it a look , thanks . 
  haig 's strategic innovation was inspired , and a lot of tactics such as the creeping barrage do seem barbaric by our modern perspectives , but he made do with what he had and i think he did the best he could have done in that situation . 
  the somme was a meat grinder , but if we continued to use napoleonic field tactics and never deployed the tank then the casualties would have been so , so much higher , for every nation involved . 
  the somme was perhaps the closest we have ever gotten to hell on earth , and nobody who was in any position of authority or command could escape indictment for the conditions seen in that battle , and for the weapons that were inflicted upon our enemies and our own troops alike . 
  yes and no . 
  britain was undergoing massive social and cultural upheaval at the time anyway , but thatcher 's government certainly contributed and was in government throughout many of the major events that defined modern britain . 
  we were a major player in nato and the cold war , there was the troubles , massive civil projects and social programmes which founded the modern welfare state ( of course the true foundation was under lloyd-george 's reforms as chancellor of the exchequer and as prime minister , back in '08 to ' 21 ) . 
  there were massive reforms across the country , mass-modernisation , new technologies such as the first true pc that was released in ' 81 , the falklands war which was an incredibly important conflict that greatly influenced our international position , commercialisation of state-owned assets introduced foreign investment into the country and a lot of regular names on the high street entered the uk in this period . 
  additionally many notable events such as the falklands war , but also operation demetrius , the miners strikes , the brixton riots , bloody sunday , omagh , the 1988 education reform act , the cold war , the fall of the berlin wall , the downing street mortar attack , the murder of jamie bulger , and the murder of stephen lawrence , and the yugoslav wars are all events that happened in the '70 to '00 period that rocked the united kingdom and northern ireland , cementing regional identities within the country , and changed regional , national , and international attitudes of this country . 
  i grew up in a britain that had proven itself to be a powerful military force that can operate globally despite having a deprived navy ; that had abducted and tortured british citizens without cause ; that had responded to protests and riots with violence rather than de-escalation and chose to ignore the socioeconomic issues rather than address them ; that had deployed the elite shock troops you send out when you want to kill everything and sent them to handle a civilian protest ; that had seen scores of innocents killed in a terrorist attack that violated the good friday agreement that was supposed to found a peaceful state ; that saw vast reforms on how people are taught and what they learn , changing britain from an industrial nation that manufactures goods to a britain to an educated nation where the most valuable export is qualified professionals ; that lived through the cuban missile crisis , able archer , and every other nuclear-near miss that could have kick-started the apocalypse ; that survived the threat of total nuclear annihilation and saw the end of communism in europe ; a britain that had the very home of political power attacked , where ten year olds could be tried as adults for the gruesome murder of a toddler ; where an institutionally corrupt and racist organisation that exists to protect its citizens could not be indicted for incompetence , and the momentous change that was the repeal of double jeopardy ; that had seen genocide in europe , and the absolute failure of the international organisations that were founded to prevent genocide in europe from ever happening again . 
  the britain i grew up in , and the britain my parents grew up in , is more than a different period in british history . 
  it might as well be considered an entirely different country , especially when you consider the older generations ( over fifty-over sixty ) , who have never even heard of many events that are of absolute importance to the british and european peoples , perhaps all peoples , and yet they have lived through them , somehow without ever learning what we have done and what this country used to stand for . 
  it 's very much the foundation of the modern political climate . 
  modern politicians and young voters ( under forties ) very much want to move away from the old systems and the old attitudes and the old way of doing things because we know they do not work , and we know that they have caused appalling conditions , but older voters quite often do n't know anything other than what they know . 
  us young folk are very self-deprecating when it comes to our attitudes towards our country : patriotism is very rare and is usually seen as a bad thing ; a healthy dose of skepticism is desired and is enjoyed in the younger generations , whereas real patriotism and nationalism are far , far more common in the older generations . 
  look at the eu referendum : the largest leave voting demographic was the over-sixties , which outnumbered every other voting demographic , outnumbering many demographics combined . 
  it 's not `` they 're taking our jobs '' , or `` they 're stealing our welfare '' , or `` the eu is n't doing enough to prevent the refugee crisis '' that has caused many of these voters to vote the way they did as it was in the younger demographics that voted leave : it 's old world attitudes such as rule britannia , misplaced patriotism , and notions that * they * are still the enemy . 
  big . 
  large . 
  massive . 
  it 's probably the single largest cultural divide in the country . 
  we are the inverse of them in literally every way i can think of . 
  even refugees that do n't speak a lick of english have more in common with us young folk than we do with the golden oldies .
