  sure saudi arabia funds a lot , but as far as our governments are concerned , they are a necessary evil . 
  iran takes it way too far for our governments to be able to condone the human rights abuses and international conflicts that iran supports . 
  they fund and equip hezbollah in the lebanon and iraq , islamic jihad who are skulking around in the golan heights , president bashir al-assad in syria and his government , the huthis of yemen who are involved in the proxy war between iran and saudi arabia in yemen which almost lead to a successful coup ( september 21 revolution ) , shia forces in bahrain who are not happy that bahrain has a sunni ruling family that trades with the us and allows them to park their boats in bahraini waters , and hamas , who as we all know is one of the governments who `` represents '' palestinians in the west bank . 
  iran does not recognise israel 's right to exist , and regardless of where you stand on the whole israel and palestine business , not recognising israel 's right to exist in this context means iran does n't believe that israel and the israelis have a right to exist . 
  it 's more `` kill the zionists '' rather than `` we 're on team palestine '' . 
  if this happened a few months ago i think the referendum results would have been very different . 
  only a sith deals in absolutes !, 
  i hated the first one and i was six when it came out . 
  did n't think jarjar was funny in the slightest . 
  their species is done for , unfortunately . 
  they 're too big to survive on a meagre diet , too aggressive to live socially , to fragile in their new environment to live solitarily , and they 're simply built the wrong way to survive in , say , the northwest territories because they 've evolved to hunt sea mammals , and they 're incapable of hunting land mammals like caribou and elk . 
  if it was n't for global climate change , they might of had enough time to evolve out of their apex predator niche before the polar regions melted naturally in a few thousand years , but with us accelerating the process they just do n't have enough time . 
  as awful as it is , they do n't have a place in this world anymore . 
  fortunately , polar bears are capable of breeding with grizzlies , and more and more `` grolar bears '' are being encountered as the polars are driven south . 
  it 's be an anatomically modern man situation : there are no pure neanderthals or pure homo sapiens anymore , as we have interbred to form a single species instead of two . 
  they wo n't be polar bears anymore , but in a way they will still survive . 
  you would need some potent tranquilisers to take down a polar bear , and that would cost an absolute fortune , especially for several darts as it is very easy to miss with one of those things , plus they can take over twenty minutes to take effect and then you 've got an angry polar bear in human territory who is scared , starving , and pissed off because he 's full of needles . 
  then you 've got the cost of relocating a polar bear : finding somewhere to put him , finding people to ship him , finding a secure container for him , finding enough food to sate his appetite , and doing all of this before he wakes up and starts smashing shit up . 
  unfortunately polar bears are highly territorial and are very aggressive , so a polar bear sanctuary would need to be the size of a small country and have enough food to support the breeding population , and as evidenced by them swimming south , no region that fits that description exists in the arctic circle anymore . 
  england are n't even the best football team in england . 
  i do . 
  i was only eight when the war broke out , but i remember that everybody had something to say about tony b. liar . 
  i think [ this guy ] ( http://img.cinemablend.com/cb/5/9/8/7/5/5/598755205bb8304de0238270870f20f97a41d586b6f9792839fbaf1063ea2a52.jpg ) would disagree . 
  did you ever go to stonehouse ? 
  stupid question really , you 're still alive . 
  stonehouse is a ward in plymouth and is one of the poorest in the uk . 
  gentrification and education schemes has solved that somewhat , but i went there on a geography school trip a few years back and everybody was staring at the black kid . 
  everybody , even the kids were glaring at him . 
  he was like , `` can you all form a ring around me or something ? '', 
  they call themselves tree surgeons sometimes . 
  dunno why . 
  i would n't say they are lazy , i would say they are dickheads . 
  they think they have standards . 
  there was a kid on my college course last year who was superchav , and he was going on about how he needed `` bare cash '' and that we should `` throw anything we had [ his ] way , yeh ? '' . 
  in order to shut him up we actually tried to get him a job ( he 's actually a good worker , just a massive knob and talks like he 's got a brain injury ) , so he got invited to an interview at burger king , but he did n't go because he 's `` got standards '' , he got invited to an interview for the local tree surgeons , and he turned it down because he 's `` got standards '' , and you see where this is going . 
  both opportunities pay extremely well if you are eighteen with no car , no rent to pay , and no crippling student debt , but he was absolutely convinced that his dream job would just land right into his lap . 
  decided he could n't be arsed to do the full two years of the course so he dropped out and decided to `` better [ him ] self '' , last we heard he got arrested in devon for possession . 
  no idea about ams , but stv is the single transferable vote . 
  remember when you chose your gcses and you wrote what your preferred gcse was and what your backup gcse was ? 
  that was pretty much what the stv is . 
  you chose who you want to be your mp the most , and you chose a backup mp . 
  because multiple mps from the same party can run in a constituency , you can chose multiple people . 
  however , only one of those votes will be counted . 
  if your first mp already has enough votes , it will go to your second mp . 
  if your first mp drops out , absolutely tanks and has no chance of winning in a million years , it will go to your second mp . 
  thus it is not just your vote , it is influenced by voting patterns within your constituency . 
  how that works is unknown to me . 
  the stv is used chiefly in scotland , northern ireland , the republic of ireland , australia , and new zealand . 
  i think the mayor of london elections use the stv . 
  it would n't work for something like the referendum , because you can chose two options in the stv and there were only two options available to us . 
  my friend is at glastonbury and she is currently crying about it on facebook . 
  she could of voted , but nope she 'd rather get porked by a stranger in a muddy tent . 
  we just steal bicycles from each other . 
  unsecured bicycles are the drunk 's preferred means of locomotion . 
  would the dutchman get his bicycle back afterwards ? 
  i have told them that . 
  most of the time their eyes glaze over . 
  i 'm not so sure that they are used to people disagreeing with them . 
  i get the same look when i talk about it . 
  i 'd rather the uk became a full member of the eu , as it stands i am competent enough with french and spanish to order a sandwich or ask for directions , or maintain small talk for a while . 
  everybody i have met personally who is an outspoken leaver ( i.e. 
  loud and aggressively terse , i have met many leavers who are very reasonable ) is marked by a perverse sense of misplaced nostalgia . 
  they are convinced that everything was better when they were young , but their accounts of what things were like back then are significantly different to what is written in history books or from the accounts of people who did actually understand what the world was like back then . 
  it seems to me that many of them have retained the understanding of the world that they kept when they were ten , and that has never developed : we are good , `` they '' are bad , rule britannia , socialism is evil , might is right , etcetera . 
  the people i have met only respect military action and consider our brethren on the continent to be the old enemy in a long war between us and `` them '' . 
  it does n't matter who `` them '' is to these people ; if they are not us then they are an enemy . 
  it terrifies me that these people are so backwards , so foolish that they would squander decades of development and co-operation because they think they understand the way the world works with their post-war logic , and it terrifies me that they are in the generation that makes up the majority of the population . 
  if it was a few idiots in my age group ( 15-20 ) i would be fine with that , because only a handful of us are of voting age , but their generation makes up the majority of the population . 
  i have met eight of their kind , and the fact that there could be enough out there to sway this referendum terrifies me . 
  it 's foolish because they are in their fifties and sixties ; we are looking at ten years at the absolute minimum before we leave - if we vote to leave - but it is far more reasonable that it 'll be twenty or maybe even thirty years . 
  how many of these people will be alive in thirty years ? 
  maybe a handful out of every one hundred . 
  they are squandering our futures and any opportunities for this country that the eu represents and they likely wo n't even be alive to see those opportunities manifest !, 
  many of them that i have met are convinced that their view of the britain of tomorrow is the correct view , and that this is their gift to the younger generations . 
  if that is the case then i do not want to live in their britain . 
  i am 100 % certain that a lot of the leavers are okay with that . 
  and make caledonia pay for it !, 
  yeah , pretty much . 
  ] ( http://weirdrussia.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/norilsk.jpg ), 
  was your grandmother studying at oxford university by any chance ? 
  my grandfather is the don of hispanic linguistics and told me once that a student carried him to a student he had been `` vetting '' and forced him to apologise . 
  my grandfather is a weirdo : he hates the catholics and the irish and he married a roman catholic girl from county tipperary , thinks english is the only language any man should speak yet devoted his life to translating medieval spanish into modern spanish . 
  there are some appallingly behaved people in this country . 
  most of that lot are voting out for entirely racist reasons . 
  as far as my family is concerned , the eu is germany 's third attempt to conquer europe . 
  i do n't think there is any implication when most people refer to the continent as `` europe '' . 
  after all , we are an island whereas you all share a landmass . 
  i 've heard irish people call the continent `` europe '' too , even though they are members of the eu . 
  i think it is just part of the island mentality . 
  are you including the gurkhas in that ? 
  nah , the radiation makes them radiation resistant !, 
  their bodies will adapt to resist the radiation , lose their hair ( radiation after all causes a sensation of warmth , so fur is not needed ) , grow two toed claws on each foot ( like a camel in need of a pedicure ) , and multiply at fifty times the natural rate . 
  they might also periodically devour their riders , but that is the price of evolution . 
  i was curious about this guy 's flair , and where exactly `` ancapistan '' is , and it turns out that it is a hypothetical libertarian utopia , where there is no system of government because rules and regulations of any type are symptomatic of an immoral regime . 
  something about `` anacho-capitalism '' , which does n't sound very nice if i can be honest . 
  the latter one , i think . 
  my mother always put down that we were christian because we were all christened . 
  none of us believe in god , none of us are religious , but we were christened , therefore we are christian . 
  my money is on the abdication theory , or that the queen will outlive him . 
  her mother went to something like 102 , i do n't see why she ca n't .
