  i 've only ever met a single jew ( that i know of ) , and she 's the jewish chaplain at my university . 
  i got mistaken for a pole by somebody who was n't very nice once , that was an eye opener . 
  i do get french people walk up to me and speak french though when i am in france , whereas the rest of my family got the normal glare reserved for rosbifs . 
  yeah my friend is austrian and she does n't sound like any german i 've heard of . 
  lots of throat clearing . 
  i walked up to her so proud of what i 've learned . 
  i said `` guten abend '' , and was received with `` gr\u00f6\u00df gott !, 
  wos host du [ austrian noises ] '' . 
  i just smiled and said `` ja ! '', 
  probably his descendent going back 34 generations , rather than any recognised lines of succession . 
  he proved it in an askreddit when he posted a link to his family tree on one of those genealogy websites . 
  the names started to get pretty , well , common rather quickly , then everybody shot off to america circa the collapse of the austro-hungarian empire . 
  hey boleslav 's 34th descendant is kicking about on reddit somewhere . 
  let 's see if he 'll fund it . 
  there 's a few films about it . 
  i 've heard they 're all pretty bad though . 
  big budgets but none gets put into the story . 
  like a polish [ pearl harbour ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/f/f4/pearl_harbor_ost_front_cover_amazon.jpg ) . 
  they are still around . 
  a couple of my housemates collect them . 
  what about all the krais , oblasts , and republics of russia ? 
  are n't there like seventy of them ? 
  that 'd be interesting . 
  if you leave kansas , you will not miss it . 
  i got confused by those little mediterranean principalities and east sweden . 
  it 's all nonsense . 
  my grandfather was a founding fellow at an oxford college and he claimed the university would review its ranking before it was published . 
  quite a few times . 
  also rural with above ground wires , but also submerged copper wires that literally go right through fields and end up being chopped by a tractor . 
  nah , we learn the colours and the days of the week in french from year five . 
  in year six we learn sentence structure . 
  from year seven we learn a bit more , and a wee bit more , and then in year nine we learn more complex sentence structure , and then for most people that is it . 
  i took gcse french for a year and then dropped it because we were learning the colours again . 
  seriously , year ten gcse french homework was to go home and find things that are red . 
  * `` la maison est rouge '' * and other such complex sentences . 
  after five months of the `` higher level '' language i had enough . 
  using french outside of classes was discouraged because there was only one ( skill based ) set and everybody being at different levels of competency would make teaching harder . 
  none of the teachers were actually french , my teacher had only been to france a few times i think that is , and most of the teachers had only mastered french to the level they teach . 
  the exact same for spanish too . 
  german however , we had two germans teaching german , but i was in the wrong class set to learn german from year seven because which language you learn is decided by what form you are put in when you join secondary school . 
  * `` why should we have to learn other languages when they speak english '' * is a serious perspective some people have here . 
  learn other languages ? 
  why should we need to when they all learn english ? 
  we do n't have upper and lower houses , at least not in the same definitions you 've outlined . 
  we have the house of commons and the house of lords , both of these make up the houses of parliament . 
  the commons consists of elected members of parliament ( mps ) and the lords consists of appointed and hereditary lords and ladies ( peers , although we 're on the last generation of hereditary peers ) . 
  anybody can introduce a bill , regardless of whether they are an mp or a peer , but it has to go through both houses . 
  both houses have committees , so say if the bill is about cracking down on urban crime there will be committees in both houses that represent the relevant parties , so mps from urban constituencies , representatives from public organisations like neighbourhood watch , and the police commander/commissioner . 
  if it gets rejected at any point or amended then it goes back to the beginning . 
  so it starts with an introduced bill , goes through the house it started in and is mulled over and discussed in committee , then when it makes it through the first house it goes through exactly the same in the second house . 
  it could then go back to the first house for amendment or get passed on to the prime minister or signs off on it . 
  then the bill later receives royal assent ( when the queen signs it , legally she can refuse to grant royal assent , but this has never happened in our lifetimes , and as the queen is only a figurehead the pm can legally also ignore the queen 's legal refusal , so it 's just a formality really ) and the bill becomes an act of parliament , officially signing it into legislation which will come into effect several months later . 
  you can go and watch this process , but it 's quite difficult due to all the security and background checks required . 
  also northern europe . 
  a quarter of britons say we 're northern , a quarter say we 're western , and half of britons really do n't care . 
  so what 's the difference between the chancellor and the president ? 
  is it similar to germany 's system ? 
  you 're getting a snap election too ? 
  are things not working out with van der bellen ? 
  east coast , from texas all the way up to the canadian border including appalachia . 
  the cities are new york , jersey city , and providence . 
  i love how shrek still sounds slightly scottish . 
  did you have dance or music ? 
  replace them with drama . 
  everybody just pisses about anyway . 
  the only changes i would make is move the war poetry to english literature , and use that free time to focus on more theatres of the great war . 
  make space in english literature by moving shakespeare to drama . 
  then i 've got my metric wrong . 
  i 'm 1.92 , i was way off . 
  it was around thirty when i was at school , but it 's getting close to forty or even higher now , the same in sixth form , in college it 's usually around twenty and drops in the second year , and around sixty to eighty at university . 
  nah , i 'm happy where i am . 
  exciting times !, 
  6 ' 3 '' / 1.92 m tall , but not uncommonly tall . 
  i regularly see people taller than me . 
  twice a day , morning and evening , but i 'm trying to cut down . 
  and we do n't assign sexes to furniture , so it does n't matter if you consider the chair to be a boy or a girl , it is still just a chair . 
  see , this is why i love this subreddit . 
  i came here to complain about america and i learned a cool new word . 
  it 's the most popular foreign television show aired in britain ever . 
  no , i mean it can be measured . 
  rather than being a blanket statement , ie `` we 're civilised , they are savages '' , i think you can measure cultural achievements and compare them against other cultures . 
  i 'm agreeing with your statement , `` that some cultures , frankly , rule/suck a bit more from time to time than others '' . 
  also , superior in what metric ? 
  overall ? 
  in a particular area ? 
  i 'm fairly sure britain is superior to ghana when it comes to space exploration . 
  to my mind `` cultural superiority '' is quantifiable . 
  economic axis : social equality 70.7 % ; markets 29.3 % diplomatic axis : peaceful nation 38.3 % ; world 61.7 % civil axis : [ liberal ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/facebook/000/010/692/19789999.jpg ) liberty 60.8 % ; authority 39.2 % societal axis : progressive tradition 31.5 % ; progress 68.5 % closest match : social liberalism , our analogue is the liberal democrats , so it 's not too far off from what i typically vote . 
  men are english , women are english , we are english . 
  a man can be an englishman , but a woman can also be an englishman ( but rarely ) . 
  men are british , women are british , we are british , we are britons . 
  joe bloggs or john smith . 
  we have private schools , public schools , and state schools . 
  private schools require tuition to be paid and they are selective , meaning that the school decides which pupils they take , usually selected through an entrance exam . 
  these entrance exams usually consist of the classics : languages , culture , and history , so getting a good score implies that the child has a personal interest in these things at an early age because such things are not taught by the state to a considerable degree . 
  public schools are left over from the victorian period , where a law was passed saying that all children must attend school . 
  this was before statutory services ( meaning a product that is free at the point of delivery to the consumer , ie paid through taxes ) really existed , so the children and their families had to pay for their resources . 
  as a significant number of families lived below what would be now considered the absolute poverty line ( living on under us$ 1 per person per day ) this scheme did n't work for the working class , so the state ( the government services ) stepped in and founded state run schools , where the curriculum , resources , staffing , and funding is provided by the state . 
  today most people attend state schools , public schools are open to anybody that can afford the tuition fees and it 's usually worth it because they tend to attract a higher quality of teaching staff and motivated pupils ( not alway though ; my mother worked in a godawful public school ) , and private schools choose who goes , their tuition fees are higher , and they offer other subjects such as philosophy , classical history and literature , classical latin and greek , military studies , and all the things that somebody from the elite class would be expected to know . 
  the anglican church is basically a social club .
