  pretty much everybody is christened by them shortly after birth , and that welcomes you into the church . 
  people who are religious go weekly , people who are n't usually go for the services that are important to them . 
  the church is an absolutely massive charitable organisation : they provide ( secular and religious ) counselling , support groups for everything from illness to addiction , host socials for old people , they donate to charities and are large funders of international humanitarian aid and fund humanitarian missions ( my colleague is a chaplain and he has been to the jungle refugee camp in calais several times and all over south america and africa ) , they fund education , and they raise awareness of social issues , so they got involved in things like grid/hiv/aids very early on and spousal abuse and marital rape was recognised by the church long before the government bothered to outlaw it , so they 've been involved in such things from the very beginning . 
  on a local level , church parishes ( a network of churches in a region ) do a lot of good things , for example my local church gives english lessons , free food , and games to syrian refugees on the first thursday every month , they are great patrons of the arts and they support artists , musicians , and poets , and when my grandmother had a stroke they put together a rota so somebody would visit my grandmother every day and they would take her out . 
  on a national level they are basically a state charity , and they have a few ceremonial roles such as crowning the monarch . 
  the church is ultimately a religious organisation filled with the older generations so their official perspective on things like women in the workforce , civil rights , etc tend to be slightly behind the times , but `` live and let live '' is a large part of the british culture , so as long as they are not being dickheads and are saying things like `` gays cause natural disasters '' then we do n't mind them behind a little dated , because they will catch up eventually . 
  from the very bottom of the social ladder to the very top , we are n't bothered by what other people think , so not many people were surprised that there was an agnostic member of the church , we were just surprised that he bothered to come out about it . 
  it 's important to note that the anglican church was founded during a period of apostasy : henry viii wanted to divorce his wife , but the roman catholic church said no , so henry made his own church ( after all the law said you needed the permission of the head of the church , it did n't specify which church and what position the head had to be , so henry founded the anglican church and made himself the head ) . 
  divorce was very taboo in the 1500s , so the church was created to change the definitions of marriage . 
  if the church does take a hardline approach to something it is very hypocritical of them because they were founded to cheat such lines , and if needs be the monarch can dismiss the church leadership and raise new ones so the british peoples have a trump card in case the anglican church gets taken over by fundamentalists . 
  succinctly , the anglican church was founded to break social norms and progress society . 
  just like the roman catholic church it left , the anglican church spend a lot of money funding the sciences , arts , and philosophy . 
  the official stance of the anglican church is that the universe started with the big bang , people can be gay , modern art is still art , and religion is not necessary to be moral . 
  like i said , the church is usually about a decade behind the times , so they are still iffy about gays marrying and adopting children and the use of technology , but only behind a decade behind the times is far better than how far back the government is !, 
  it 's generally the other way around here . 
  catholics tend to be more conservative than protestants . 
  however it is important to note that britain is not an overly religious country , and the official denomination of christianity in this country is anglican protestantism , so the catholics i have personally met are very few in number but have been outspokenly conservative , even regressive . 
  a lot of conservative politicians are religious , or at least appear to be , but that goes with the class : a lot of tories went to public schools ( not the same thing as they are in the us ) or private schools , and faith and tradition used to be a very large part of that education . 
  we have a christian party which is rooted heavily in policies that come from scriptures and other philosophies ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christian_party_ ( uk ) #policies ) , but they are regarded as being a bit weird . 
  we do n't really like overt religious expression or fanaticism here . 
  church is basically a social club where you go to pay your respects , worship , meet and mingle with the locals , donate to charity , and maybe have a tipple in the pub after , but it 's not taken seriously . 
  most britons who attend church only go on easter , christmas , and on the harvest ( which is a regional festival ) . 
  a hardline christian would raise some eyebrows from everybody , including most practicing christians . 
  falklands . 
  we were getting absolutely fucked . 
  we lacked effective radar and our ships were still reliant on line of sight targeting whereas the argies could fire their exocet missiles with pinpoint precision over the horizon . 
  our artillery killed quite a few of our own guys , and we lost a lieutenant colonel during the battle of goose green . 
  we were outgunned , outmanned , and struggling with inferior technology and almost non-existent supply lines . 
  were it not for the decisive night assault on port stanley , britain would have lost the falklands war . 
  british forces attacked from multiple fronts and took all defensive positions outside of port stanley , and the argentinian commander surrendered illegally ( if i remember rightly , argentinian forces can only legally surrender if more than 50 % of personnel are killed ) . 
  bad . 
  it 's the dominating culture in the anglosphere , and a lot of my fellow students seem to forget that we are not american . 
  the definition of liberal has been turned on its head ; people pay more attention to american affairs and politics than domestic ; they clamour and stamp their feet over events in the us that are trivialities to britain , yet they are largely ignorant of what is happening in our own country ; people are still whining about clinton losing the election , when it 's not our president . 
  < s  fuck , you know what i 'm really salty about ? 
  that bastard berdimuhamedow is still president of turkmenistan . 
  i think i 'll rant about that on facebook . < / s  social justice warriors , black lives matter , all of that are very active in my university for some reason . 
  america 's problems are america 's problems , why not focus on our own instead of attempting to fix civil strife in a country half a world away that has made it abundantly clear that it does not want resolutions ? 
  on the other end of the spectrum are the pro-american bigots who are under the impression that europe is under imminent threat from an iron sky invasion from the isis-reformed ottoman empire , and that the only way to prevent that is to roll everything back to the way things were in the bad old days , and i 'm not just talking about ousting every muslim from the continent . 
  everything from corporal punishment for civil offences to eugenics is in their ubermensch manifesto . 
  i 'm just as concerned as dysgenics as the next bloke , but why does the `` master race '' always look like a genetic trainwreck who studies computer science ? 
  this ideology sprouted from the american reactionary movement against american neo-liberalism . 
  it 's not taught at all here , i was under the impression that the celts were an ethnic group native to the british isles . 
  if you live here , speak the language , and consider yourself british , they you are british . 
  does n't matter where you were born or what colour you are . 
  being bffs with saudi keeps global oil prices down . 
  could be , window intruder makes more sense to me . 
  my french is n't so great so it could be either from my point of view . 
  we simply call them usbs , i 've never heard anybody getting confused by that . 
  most people call them memory sticks . 
  the irish call them memory pens . 
  fen\u00eatre intruse , window intruder haha i 'm stealing that . 
  marry scotland ? 
  * 'til death do us part , nicola *, 
  primary school : aged 4 to 11 . 
  the objective of this is to get into secondary school . 
  the final exams are your sats which do n't mean anything at all and are just used to compare individual schools but absolutely everything is focused on getting good sat results . 
  secondary school : aged 11 to 16 . 
  the objective of this is to get into sixth form . 
  do n't want to go to sixth form ? 
  do n't go to college , only drogos do vocational degrees . 
  the final exams are your gcses which do n't mean anything at all because you can retake them an infinite number of times if you fail but absolutely everything is focused on getting good gcse results . 
  you ca n't get a job if you 've failed them though . 
  not good at written tests ? 
  fuck you you fucking degenerate , you do n't deserve a job you stupid lazy prick . 
  sixth form : 16 to 18 academic and theory work . 
  the objective of this is to go to university . 
  the final exams are your a2 levels which get you into university . 
  these show that the student has theoretical understanding of the subject which usually means they think they know how it works but it 's never been tested . 
  college : 16 to 18 vocational and occupational work . 
  the objective of this is to enter the workforce with a vocational degree . 
  if you are like me and do n't do well with tests and memorising bits of paper , this is the first time in your educational career that will cater to you . 
  you do coursework instead of exams which is the superior way of testing in my opinion ( but not everything can be coursework because girls are better at it than boys so it is disadvantageous to boys apparently ) , and at the end you get a btec diploma which is theoretically worth the same as a2s but nobody over the age of thirty treats them so . 
  btecs ~ ~ show ~ ~ imply that the student has practical as well as theoretical understanding of the subject . 
  university : 19 to whenever . 
  the objective of this is to spend a lot of money and get a degree in a field that is n't hiring or is very hard to get into without significant experience that a graduate wo n't have . 
  the same theoretical/vocational nonsense as before but you are spending # 9,000 a year ( soon to be # 9,125 ) for the luxury of university education which has been touted as being of the highest quality your entire life , but when you get there it consists of a clinically depressed middle aged lecturer reading slides off a screen at thirty decibels to a class of sixty people , most of whom are on their phones . 
  at the moment i feel like it 's pretty bad . 
  i 'm talking to friends from austria , czechia , france , portugal , and spain , and we all went to the same type of state operated schools in our respective countries . 
  i have n't learned half of what they 've learned , and i have n't done half of what they 've done . 
  apparently we have a reputation for being bad at maths ? 
  it 's the first i 've heard of it , but i do n't remember how to calculate a percentage , do anything with fractions , or divide and i passed all of my maths exams . 
  history was mostly world war one , which was mostly the western front , which was mostly the god awful war poetry . 
  english was mostly shakespeare ( which should be in drama if you ask me ) and american literature like `` a view from the bridge '' and `` of mice and men '' . 
  languages was a fucking waste of everyone 's time : we spent year ten french learning the colours . 
  when we came to choose our gcses we were told not to take gcse spanish because nobody speaks it ( as if it 's not the second most spoken language in the world ! ) . 
  science : what a load of bollocks . 
  dissecting mackerel , learning titration , memorising the periodic table , and learning how shadows work is all that i remember . 
  come and learn in the uk !, 
  you will spend 99 % of your time learning how to pass tests and the remaining 1 % of the time wondering if the cramping ache in your stomach will be gone in time for your eleventh birthday party next week . 
  do you want to learn something useful and interesting ? 
  do that in your own free time , that 's not what the education system is for . 
  the bbc are usually reliable , but not on regional matters . 
  they 'll always portray the snp , plaid cymru , and sinn f\u00e9in in a bad light , and the tories have got them by the bollocks on a lot of things . 
  i usually use the bbc , reuters , the new statesman , and der spiegel for most of my news , often comparing it to russia today and cnn . 
  if any of cnn , rt , or the bbc agree on something , then it 's going to be bollocks in my opinion . 
  it 's rather catchy , is n't it ? 
  we have the cheeky girls , i think they are the english analogue , even though they are romanian , but they fulfil the same niche of bad pop . 
  [ i remember this masterpiece from german lessons ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swoui0pvtxw ), 
  we do have a few blacklisted political parties . 
  you ca n't be in the police if you are a member of the bnp for example .
