i 'm flabbergasted !, 
  nobody here likes living in the countryside !, 
  the internet is shite and everyone 's a racist !, 
  i saw a lot of cretan hounds just walking about in crete . 
  i could n't work out if they were feral or if they just roamed free and had a home to go to . 
  they were n't too bothered by us , but they clearly did not want us to get close . 
   criminals run the world with their banking cartel . 
  politicians are corrupt secular priests handing us dictates . 
   these trade deals represents the dismantling of our constitutions to reinstall the divine right of kings using money  as legitimizing factor instead of god . 
  i 'll have what he 's having . 
  only if they are deliberately targeting civilians . 
  if civilians just happen to get killed then it 's incompetence . 
  read that as you will . 
  you do n't need to attend a driving school with a qualified instructor ? 
  wait what ? 
  how do americans learn how to drive ? 
  wait , you 're british too !, 
  we can blame the english though . 
  well then you clearly have never seen andrew sach 's performance as the lovably incompetent waiter manuel in * fawlty towers * . 
  a confirmation , probably . 
  [ he 's chinless on the left . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/content/dam/news/2016/08/25/farage-trump-us-large_trans++qvzuuqpflyliwib6ntmjwfsvwez_ven7c6bhu2jjnt8.jpg ) he 's our version of donald trump , but a donald trump who has been absolutely unsuccessful in everything he has ever attempted ( except for entering politics ; they have both been equally successful in that regard ) . 
  nigel farage ( rhymes with disparage ) is the brash baboon of britain , who has somehow managed to worm his way into the european parliament , and thinks that he can treat every mep like they 're his bitch , but he is naught but a boorish bully ; a brutish relic of a bygone age . 
  he claims to represent the common man , the average alan of england , but he is a public schooled prat who has somehow managed to survive the post-war purges of the aristocracy . 
  when britain voted to leave in the referendum he hailed the vote , saying that the 23rd of july will `` go down in our history as our independence day '' . 
  no no , that was to keep wolves out . 
  nasty , scary , bloodthirsty beasts , that have seditious beliefs !, 
  i think britain and the eu will survive , and they will both be well off . 
  but the difference in wealth between the two economies will grow . 
  i expect that in fifty years time it 'll be a canada/us situation . 
  two nations on relatively good terms ( they do n't agree on everything but there is n't a tense political situation ) , but the southernmost one is significantly more prosperous and powerful , largely due to its sheer size . 
  it was a dyke , so there was a ditch filled with sharp spikes and then a redoubt with a palisade . 
  we had a wall to keep the welsh out . 
  it did n't work . 
  you 're right , i 'm getting my history confused . 
  also , sorry for butting in , i got my reading comprehension confused too . 
  when the empire was officially terminated in '97 there was a massive hoo-hah about the empire lasting for five hundred years and i grew up being taught that the empire was founded in 1497 which is probably a completely arbitrary date they decided on just so the empire lasted for five centuries . 
  maybe henry tudor founded some royal order of shipwrights or something and somebody decided that it was important enough to be considered the start of the empire . 
  iirc only victoria ever used the title emperor ( or in her case , empress ) . 
  it 's ridiculous is n't it ? 
  there was such a fuss in '97 about the empire ending on its 500th anniversary , when in the 15th century we were a poverty-stricken agrarian nation with a tanked economy after nearly two centuries of conflict with france and with ourselves . 
  ' 97 , when the british empire officially ended with the hand over of hong kong to the chinese . 
  sun ca n't set on the british empire because it does n't exist anymore . 
  yes we are absolutely insane about it . 
  that 's the way we are taught . 
  according to us , the british empire was founded in 1497 and was terminated in 1997 . 
  according to everybody else , it is like you said . 
  personally i do n't give a damn . 
  either way , it 's over and it 's never coming back . 
  britain 's days as a global superpower are over . 
  we may still be a naval superpower with our blue water surface and submarine fleets , but the days of being able to exact our will on every continent are long gone . 
  alright i think you win the dick measuring contest about who lost the biggest empire . 
  and the longest lived . 
  we need some turks to get in on this action , but then the sun set on the ottoman empire every night . 
  not really , the empire officially ended when we gave hong kong to the chinese in 1997 . 
  the commonwealth is n't ours so we ca n't refer to that . 
  reminds me of something similar we used to say from the 15th to the 20th centuries ... 
  you talking about boris johnson or some other boris . 
  because that would be hilarious . 
  terrifying , but hilarious . 
  i can see the headlines now ... european bureaucrats ford the channel . 
  british values at risk from the impending hordes of highly educated migrant workers . 
  plus phwoah !, 
  pippa middleton shows off her spanish plume beach bod and rupert murdoch has passed away . 
  prime minister may declares day of national mourning for commonwealth treasure . 
  ^ ^ on ^ ^ page ^ ^ 27 : ^ ^ isis ^ ^ conquers ^ ^ syria ^ ^ and ^ ^ invades ^ ^ turkey , ^ ^ captures ^ ^ nukes . 
  outnumbered ten to one for a start . 
  russia has more tanks than we have soldiers , they have more jets than we do , more long range bombers than we do , and more long range missiles than we do . 
  whilst we 've been distracted in the middle east for the last two decades , russia has been developing new techniques , materiel , and strategies that they have tested in georgia , crimea , chechnya , and syria . 
  a lot of our armoured vehicles are cold-war era , and a very large portion of their crew space is taken up with crbn environment control and filtration systems that are technologically obsolete and take up a lot of space . 
  for example , our premier ifv/apc is the afv warrior platform , which is piloted by a crew of three and can comfortably carry a fireteam of five . 
  if they squeeze in , it can carry seven , but that involves splitting a fireteam in half and that 's just not on . 
  gutting those obsolete systems will increase troop carrying capacity from one fireteam to a section ( two fireteams ) , halving the amount of armoured vehicles required to mobilise mechanised infantry regiments such as 5 rifles . 
  also russia 's military doctrine of maskirovka ( literally meaning `` deception '' ) means that we 've got no idea what they 're are up to . 
  they bullshit about everything : they say they 're moving 29 tanks when they 're actually moving 4 , they say they 've got 9 tanks and an inferior infantry force when they 've actually got a superior force waiting in reserve , their firebases are too far away to pose a threat and suddenly they nail you with a new type of howitzer from extreme range that they 've managed to keep secret throughout development . 
  they seized crimea - an area twice the size of northern ireland - within a day and with barely a shot fired . 
  massive portions of the ukrainian armed forces defected to the 500-odd `` little green men '' before anybody knew what had happened . 
  the russians planned that offensive years , maybe a decade in advance , and executed it flawlessly . 
  they 're dicking about , pushing our boundaries and trying to press our buttons , and we have no idea if they are probing us for weaknesses , trying to work out our reaction times , and where our resources are , or if they 're trying to stir the pot of shit by having jets enter our airspace and long range strategic bombers flying on target courses to our military bases and changing course at the last section because that 's just what russia does when it 's bored . 
  they 'll vote to romain you say ? 
  can we get joint custody of normandy ? 
  so it 's like our detroit . 
  well i suppose it 's your detroit now . 
  how many years do you get for genocide these days ? 
  thirty ? 
  give these monsters at least eight consecutive life sentences . 
  does n't hungary need skilled professionals anyway ? 
  britain needs migrant workers because too many of our citizens have degrees and qualifications that cause them to look for higher paying jobs than retail , manufacturing , agriculture , and service industries . 
  we 've got a gap in our economy that needs to be filled , and it needs to be filled with people who wo n't ask for # 20 an hour and fulfil a necessary service in our consumer culture . 
  bus drivers , post men , shop keepers , farmhands , that 's what we need . 
  i 've been told that hungary 's economy needs skilled and trained professionals with degrees and qualifications . 
  if that 's true then the jobs that the migrants are qualified to do are already held by hungarians . 
   are you implying the uk or the us would be scared by a european army ? 
  i highly doubt that , considering the strong international cooperation between the uk and the us with the eu even during and after the brexit . 
  we were asked if we wanted to be a part of this and the voters said `` hell no '' . 
  if the idea of an eu army gives us the willies , then that 's something we 've got to get used to as a nation , and not being a part of that is our own fault . 
  i walk like that . 
  i 've got completely flat feet that pronate ( roll inwards ) when i stand . 
  walking like the guy in the video with a wide stance like i 'm on a rocking ship prevents my feet from pronating , which could cause arthritis in later life . 
  iran is * the * sponsor of terrorism .
