  the only time people will ever use terms like asian-british , black-british , afro-caribbean etc will be on census forms . 
  ah , where he was shot by sergeant major patrick harper . 
  problem is what i think is right is dying out in british politics . 
  politics is governed by upper middle class people over forty . 
  the younger generations and the poorer socioeconomic classes have never been properly represented in government , and i 'm not even going to mention welsh and scottish representation in government . 
  stuff like this is why i 'm so fundamentally against british politics . 
  it 's a fucking shitshow from top to bottom . 
  we held a referendum on scrapping first past the post in favour of an alternative system in 2011 . 
  the government botched the proposed alternative system so it deliberately would n't work in british politics , and then ran this campaign to influence voters : [ one ] ( https://cdn.opendemocracy.net/files/no-to-av-baby-campaign-005.jpg ) [ two ] ( https://greigdarby.files.wordpress.com/2011/04/no-to-av-rubiks.jpg ) [ three ] ( http://jasonbstanding.com/blogparts/2011/03/no2av-poster.jpg ) [ four ] ( http://c8.alamy.com/comp/c31r5d/a-bus-shelter-advert-for-the-no-to-av-campaign-leading-up-to-the-alternative-c31r5d.jpg ) [ five ] ( http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/304/media/images/51400000/jpg/_51400389_avbabypic304.jpg ) the referendum was overwhelmingly negative for those who wanted a repeal of the fptp voting system , and it brought british faith in the government to ( what was then ) an all time low . 
  in england they are because we 're so crowded and woodland is so small ( easy to overhunt and also easy to miss the deer and hit a dog walker or somebody 's house ) , but scotland has most of the deer and there 's simply not enough trained professionals to cope with the annual population growth . 
  britain has some of the strictest [ firearms laws ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/firearms-law-guidance-to-the-police-2012 ) in the world , and in order to own a firearm you have to possess a [ firearms license ] ( https://www.gov.uk/shotgun-and-firearm-certificates ) . 
  this means training , registration with the police , enforced weapon storage security guidelines , regular inspections , sometimes even random inspections . 
  to legally hunt you used to need a game license which was more regulations , training , and money , but that was replaced in 2007 and i 'm afraid i ca n't tell you what it was replaced by . 
  at the end of it you 'll become a trained professional hunter . 
  you 're not some lout with a .22 pea shooter pinging off ball bearings at stag , but you 'll have instructions of how many deer you can kill , you 'll know where to shoot and at what angle for a successful killshot ( right in the heart and from the side ) . 
  if you know what you 're doing , you can not easily wound one and then lose track of it when it bolts . 
  if you do , you 'd likely have a hefty fine and maybe even criminal charges . 
  if you seriously fuck up ( kill the wrong animal , hit somebody 's property , do something stupid like fire from a moving vehicle ) you could be subjected to criminal charges , having your weapons and licenses confiscated at the very least . 
  additionally having private citizens purchasing firearms , ammunition , cleaning kits , going to target ranges , paying for licenses , secure storage , and other necessary amenities puts a hefty bit of cash into the economy . 
  many hunters also sell their game : my uncle trades in fish , pheasant , and venison , and he makes more a year from doing that on the side than he does from his full time job in the police , and pheasant and venison are staple parts of the local cuisine . 
  the end of it is that allowing private citizens to hunt benefits everybody : everyone involved makes more than they spend , and anybody who is dicking about with firearms gets them taken away and is criminally charged before they have the chance to do any real damage . 
  what does it mean ? 
  hunting is quite often a necessary means of population control . 
  in the uk we killed all the bears , wolves , mountain lions , and other major terrestrial predators centuries ago . 
  red deer hinds live in groups of up to twenty individuals , and during the rut the stags compete with each other to impregnate the hinds . 
  all of the hinds . 
  older stags maintain a harem of hinds , but younger stags are more migratory . 
  a young stag can impregnate all of the hinds in his group and then could potentially ( but very rarely ) move on to another group . 
  every year the size of the group will roughly double as fawns do n't die in infancy that often . 
  then the group will split as the juvenile males leave the group before they fight amongst each other or attempt to seize control of the harem . 
  if a group of ten deer doubles every year , you 'll eventually have too many . 
  when this happens on a national scale you will very quickly have too many , and they will outcompete other species , damage trees ( we are currently struggling with a birch blight that is n't helped by stags rubbing their horns on the trees and this is threatening several species of birch ) , and even attack humans . 
  a red deer is a very large animal and the males can be very aggressive : they caused an estimated 74,000 collisions on british roads every year , and even a young hind can kill a person if they charge them . 
  i would argue that restricting the red deer population is not only a necessary means on wildlife and environment conservation , it is also moral if done humanely using the appropriate equipment and methodology . 
  in contrast i would not consider `` hunting '' sports such as pheasant or fox hunting moral or necessary , as pheasants are bred to be shot and there 's nothing moral or necessary about chasing a fox with hounds and horses until it collapses from exhaustion and is torn apart by a pack of beagles . 
  as for your point on large calibre handguns , even a small pistol is very difficult to aim and control . 
  the skill involved in using a rifle does not translate over to using a handgun , and large calibre handguns are especially difficult to control . 
  if you miss that first shot , the bear will be on you before you can get the weapon on target and chances are that even if you shoot the bear with a .44 you 'll only piss it off . 
  the best weapon for using on large animals - hunting or defence - will be a medium calibre bolt action rifle ( around .303 ) , that 'll do enough damage to put the animal down before it knows what is going on , and will allow quick and accurate follow up shots if needed or if you miss the mark the first time . 
  i think they will : http://www.tpoty.com/resources/images/exhibitions/lacock600px.jpg http://www.cotswolds.info/images/lacock/lacock_mainpic.jpg http://static.panoramio.com/photos/large/3777133.jpg it 's not a harry potter theme park , it 's a thirteenth century village and abbey that has been preserved perfectly that just so happens to have had harry potter filmed there . 
  the red lion is a decent enough pub , but opposite there is a little alley . 
  go down there and at the end on the left is a pasty shop . 
  the french . 
  they 're french . 
  ^ ^ ^ love , ^ ^ ^ england, 
  my mate went in to work when she was sick because she so wanted that red costa bean badge for 100 % attendance ... 
  i 'd much rather she spent the week in bed rather than infect people . 
  portsmouth . 
  rather busy , very famous for the british navy . 
  royal historical dockyard has warships from every era , perfectly preserved including the mary rose that was sunk fighting the spanish armarda almost half a millennium ago . 
  also has a sea fort constructed during the napoleonic wars ( war of 1812 ) which is worth seeing . 
  go to every castle you can , there are scores along the south coast . 
  the new forest is also worth going to , as is victoria park in netley ( but i grew up there so i 'm biased ) , lacock in wiltshire is pretty decent and lots of american tourists go there and some of harry potter was filmed there ( snape 's lab for example ) , and bath is beautiful and the baths in bath are definitely worth going to . 
  on the way is salisbury . 
  stop by at old sarum , it 's a hill fort from the iron age , almost five thousand years old . 
  it 's not much to look at , but you wo n't find anything that old in america and it 's a real testament to mankind as i see it . 
  in gloucester is the cathedral , and it 's apses , stained glass , and mausoleums can make you weep . 
  beautiful architecture and it 's the resting place of many english kings , one of whom died very unfortunately and nastily . 
  go to the new inn there ; you can get a pint for # 1 but it 'll be harsh on you ( just ask for a one pound pint ) . 
  the black mountains are n't really mountains if you are familiar with the rockies or the appalachians or the alps , but a hike along them is worth it . 
  the brecon beacons too , just do n't bother the soldiers as they are on sas selection and will make mincemeat of you if you piss them off . 
  the beacons are kind of like the arsehole of britain though : beautiful in their own weird way , but the weather is nasty . 
  corn ddu , pen y fan , and cribbyn are worth the waltz . 
  avoid newport , there is nothing to see there . 
  lots to do in cardiff but do n't call wales england whatever you do : if you think the sas will make mincemeat of you that 's nothing compared to what the welsh will do if you call them english . 
  all of these places are within an hours drive of each other , and can easily be done within a week . 
  england versus scotland . 
  england versus northern ireland . 
  northern england versus southern england . 
  rural england versus urban england . 
  england versus london . 
  cornwall versus the rest of england . 
  everyone versus essex . 
  everyone versus swindon . 
  everyone versus luton . 
  england versus every region inside and outside of england . 
  they 're not always friends rivalries either . 
  finding a foreigner is a good start . 
  your chance of actually learning the language is very high when you 're speaking to a person who is fluent . 
  the key to learning a language is understanding the concept behind the word , not the translation . 
  consider an apple : when you look at an apple , do you think `` apple '' ? 
  no , you know it to be an apple . 
  you do n't make a translation because you already understand what that object is . 
  so ( using french as an example ) do n't look at an apple and think , `` that 's an apple , so pomme '' , just think `` pomme '' . 
  associate the object and the concept behind it with the desired language , not the translation into english . 
  nobody has ever been fluent in a language when they are constantly translating in their head . 
  i 'd also recommend learning what is available rather than what you really want . 
  i 'm learning german because my friends speak german , and i 'm making a lot of progress considering it 's only been a fortnight . 
  in contrast , my mother has been learning italian for around thirty years now . 
  not only does she break my aforementioned rule on translating in your head , she does n't know anybody who speaks italian , whereas she knows many people who are fluent in french and spanish . 
  quite often the language available ( say spanish ) is not the one you want to learn , but it gives you a leg up to the desired language due to similarities ( spanish and italian are both romance languages , share language rules , and quite often are very similar except for spelling and minor changes in pronunciation ) . 
  my mother would likely be fluent in italian after thirty years if she had started with spanish and learnt the language family fundamentals from spaniards . 
  do n't worry too much about pronunciation , it does n't have to be exact as dialects and regional accents do exist in all languages . 
  i speak german with an austrian accent , but i ca n't pronounce the r sound because no such sound exists in english english . 
  as long as you are understandable , nobody is going to mind that you say `` bonjour '' with an sh or hard j sound . 
  do n't beat yourself up because you ca n't get the long , warbling , trilling r sound that is common in so many languages , because it 'll take years before your tongue and throat learn how to do that . 
  finally totally ingratiate yourself with the written and spoken language . 
  post it notes cover my bedroom . 
  it says sessel on my chair , b\u00fccher on my books , karstel on my cupboard , and when i use these objects i say or think to myself what i 'm doing . 
  music and tv shows are good .
