  it 's absurd that some people think they have the zeitgeist and it 's even more absurd that we let them get away with it , rather than say `` pipe down there , you 're talking rot '' because we know they 're going to have a tantrum if we do . 
  i 'm the secretary of a student society at my university , and it 's the largest society at my university . 
  i was organising a charitable fundraising concert and we were anticipating two hundred people in the audience . 
  we had to conduct ourselves professionally , so that means organisation , that means cooperation , and that means collaboration . 
  that means we needed the student union at the university on our side . 
  i arrange a meeting with the events officer in the su and i tell her what our scope is : what resources we need , what we need them for , how we plan to use them , what we intend to do , and what we expect our audience numbers to be . 
  fairly standard stuff , right ? 
  well she puts her hand in my face to silence me and says that '' [ she 's ] not going to listen to [ me ] while [ i 'm ] mansplaining '' . 
  swap those bracketed words to i 'm , you , and you 're and you 've got the precise sentence she said to me , sic erat scriptum . 
  i laughed and walked right out of there and we did our event without the su 's assistance and we made bank ( well , we would of if we kept any of the revenue ) . 
  i 'm considering running for office in the su in my final year , and i 've already been told that if i do n't stand on a ` pro-lgbtq + , pro-poc ( pro-people of colour ? 
  what does that even mean !? ), 
  platform that endorses political correctness and multiculturalism ' then i might as well not bother running at all . 
  it 's absolute madness . 
  around . 
  rural wiltshire , university , old people , that sort of thing . 
  i 'm not bothered about it . 
  i 'm in a group chat with a conservative jewish conspiracy theorist , a national socialist ( not a nazi apologist or holocaust denier though ) , an american liberal , and a couple of labour-centrists . 
  we have some very interesting and polite debates . 
  usually . 
  the american liberal is the worst and takes everything as a personal offence , which is n't really helping the stereotype unfortunately . 
  hey if i judged people for having those opinions i 'd have been all alone growing up . 
  they 're not uncommon opinions where i 'm from . 
   as long as you do n't go raving about it and do n't harass anybody . 
  important bit . 
  for all i know my best friend hates the jews , but until i know it wo n't bother me . 
  i do n't see why it should bother me after i know either if they keep it to themselves . 
  probably transgenderism . 
  most people do n't understand it , of those who do most people do n't like it . 
  endorsing it tends to make people think you 're legitimising mental health issues as a lifestyle . 
  i worked in education and the teaching staff got sent on a five hour long course on transgender awareness . 
  if we were n't prejudiced before the course , we most certainly were afterwards . 
  i do n't really care what people think or believe as long as they do n't put them into action . 
  you can believe that black people are subhuman and abortion is evil but we 'll get along fine as long as you do n't go raving about it and do n't harass anybody . 
  geralt of rivia . 
  got hooked on the books when i was young , then played through the first two games and somehow did n't realise that they were one and the same until i got the copy of the tower of the swallow that had an advert for the witcher 3 in the back . 
  no idea how i missed that . 
  not all brits , just brummies . 
  if the milk touches the teabag that 's haram . 
  it 's alright , but it 's slowly going down the drain . 
  it 's always been the left-leaning paper of choice for the champagne socialist ( a moniker for the upper class lefty ; either affectionate or pejorative ) , but in recent years it has gotten a definite american-liberal bias . 
  we have an unspoken rule that america 's issues are america 's problems , but the guardian openly supported hillary clinton despite the controversy she was embroiled in at the time . 
  the guardian was the moderate rag of choice , but they 're dipping their toes into the sensationalist and yellow press quagmire so they 've driven away more than a few centrist readers . 
  i got two ; do n't say there 's too much butter in the food and never put sauce on sausages . 
  plus the two most common languages we get taught are quite tricky to learn from the natives . 
  the germans will respond to your broken german by speaking in english , and the french ... well , even after i apologised for my poor french to the irate shopkeeper with `` pardon , je ne parle francais . 
  je c'est anglais '' i was told that she did n't want my service . 
  in a shed outside . 
  there are two of them , they cost # 2 a wash , and i share them with one hundred other people . 
  there is a meme about the word meme in sweden ... [ whatever next ? 
  it could do with some work . 
  we pay national tax and council tax ( tax to local authorities ) , and i 've got no fucking clue what council tax goes to other than tory pimm 's parties . 
  the amount spent on education , nhs , policing , royal mail , and national rail is pretty dire so i 've got no idea what taxes formerly reserved for those are actually going towards ( probably more tory pimm 's parties ) . 
  i 'd rather the richer got taxed a bit more though , there was talk a while ago about about cutting taxes for the rich when trickle down economics tried to slither its way back into public policy . 
  we should certainly tax corporations higher though , and i 'm looking forwards to seeing what comes out of the ~ ~ continental tax haven ~ ~ gibraltar issue . 
  what i do take offense to is that you have to have a permanent address in order to pay tax . 
  ergo in order to get a job you have to have a permanent address . 
  as a homeless briton ( not on the streets homeless , but once my halls of residence contract ends in june ends i 'm quite fucked until september ) , it 's bullshit that i ca n't earn any significant money just because i do n't own a home . 
  [ this fine specimen ] ( https://www.theyworkforyou.com/mp/10240/james_gray/north_wiltshire/votes ) the letters were about the state of public transport in his constituency . 
  the first time was after the bus contracts were sold to multiple companies , that hiked prices and cut off some settlements , marginalising those communities . 
  the second time was when prices were hiked again and even less villages were served . 
  the third time was when my village was cut down to six buses a day and half of the village 's young population lost their jobs because there was no morning bus to town . 
  as a result many people , my brother included , had to resort to being involved in drug dealing in order to make money . 
  as you can see in the section `` transport '' , my mp has never voted on allowing greater public control of bus services . 
  the time i met him in person was in the runup to the general election . 
  we 'd just had that nasty storm and i was working on a fallen tree in my front garden . 
  the man himself is doing the rounds in my village and blasts right past me , headed right for my open door . 
  now i have n't recognised him , and i 'm thinking this stranger is going to walk into my house . 
  i call out to him ( `` oi mate , mate ? 
  the fuck you doing ? '' ), 
  and he completely ignores me . 
  he literally throws his `` vote for me '' leaflet of lies through my front door and walks off , does n't even look at me once . 
  i see the leaflet and recognise him as the cunt who is responsible for all of my friends and my brothers being fired because they ca n't get to work , who is responsible for the rise in drug and alcohol related crime and antisocial behaviour in my village , who is responsible for the marginalisation of communities that are predominately composed of working class retirees , so i might have lost my cool and threw my mug at the pavement when he came out of my neighbours drive , and told the cunt that he wo n't get one fucking vote from this village . 
  ` course the coffin dodgers had to ruin that by voting tory again . 
  the man is a class act . 
  he cheated on his missus when she had cancer , he took photos of dead soldiers in iraq , he 's scottish born and tells scots to `` go back to jockland '' . 
  the cunt is sat in his safe seat and he knows that very well . 
  james fucking gray , mp of north wilts '97 to the present day . 
  four times . 
  three by post , once by person . 
  my mp is one of the cuntiest in the uk and i 've been unsuccessful every time . 
  excuse me , you 've forgotten [ one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfiakj3gl1e ) . 
  i do n't know what any of those acronyms mean but there is a small group of american football players at my uni . 
  we 're finally starting to crack down on their drug network in my home constituency . 
  when i were a lad my father got a bonus , so he wanted a holiday . 
  for some reason he thought it was a good idea to take two children and a woman who likes the heat on a skiing holiday to val d'isere . 
  it snowed constantly and we were snowed in , and my parents were in a foul mood , then everyone except for me got stomach bugs , so we had essentially paid a large amount of money just so we could be sick in a foreign country . 
  i was alright though , i nicked like forty euros from my father and went on an adventure and ate loads of crepes . 
  i was alright until the coach ride back to the airport , when i started throwing up too . 
  i have met a few but then my university teaches theology and philosophy so i was expecting that sort of thing . 
  albania . 
  non-european has to be the ( unrecognised ) republic of abkhazia . 
  well , you are widely regarded as being the capital of culture , what with all the artists , scholars , political movements , social ideologies , and autocrats that were churned out of vienna and graz . 
  you 're probably the world record holder in that . 
  sounds a lot like the uk ; the british youths that smoke are predominately from the working classes . 
  your last bit sounds like the austrians i know . 
  they say they 'd never smoke a fag but blazing up is a social thing like going to the pub . 
  huh , i know two austrians and neither of them smoke . 
  well , neither of them smoke tobacco . 
  do n't the germans smoke like chimneys too though ?
