  it makes sense to me . 
  instead we ca n't understand a word they are saying and it 's rather difficult for us to take professional careers abroad , but they know our language and every boss and his dog hires a french , spanish , german , or polish fellow . 
  then i 'd appoint somebody i hate to be my successor and retire , so he gets the flak . 
  is it ? 
  we 're not an overtly patriotic state . 
  being critical of one 's government and culture is perhaps as patriotic as one can be . 
  i think it shows we stand for the ideals of our nation as they should be , not as they are . 
  flying the cross of saint george during the world cup is the only time an englishman can display his patriotism really . 
  most other times you get taken for a member of the edl , or some other nationalist group . 
  i do n't really care whether or not there is a deity . 
  personally , i believe that if there was a ( conscious ) god , it would be just as chaotic , destructive , and indifferent as the universe is , so i admit i find the whole benevolence thing a tad unlikely . 
  even amongst the faithful , definitions can be a bit unorthodox : i was invited to join the freemasons by my uncle , and one rule of the freemasons is that you have to acknowledge a higher power . 
  i told my uncle my definition and he said it was good enough . 
  like most britons , i was raised in our bizarre state tradition of religion ( i 'm not bashing the faithful when i say `` bizarre '' ; it 's more a critique of our culture ) . 
  basically almost nobody follows a religious lifestyle , and only roughly half of the population considers themselves religious . 
  however you 'll be hard pressed to find a briton that has not been baptised in a church , and faith education is the foundation of our education system . 
  from a very early age , everything is about god , even in the state sector . 
  religious prayers at assembly , mythology in classes , and other such activities that are in contrast to the attitudes of the typical briton . 
  i 've never said a religious prayer outside of school . 
  i have a few maxims that i try to keep to and remind myself of from time to time , i suppose you could consider those to be prayers of some form . 
  frankly i 'm not concerned with how other people live their lives as long as they do n't try to force it on other people . 
  i 'm insouciant to the practice of theology , but i find the history of it fascinating , especially when it becomes mixed up in society and politics . 
  i feel more european than british . 
  being english does n't even come into it . 
  [ shaun of the dead ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfduv3zjh2k ) , [ hot fuzz ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aytnvvpj9t4 ) , and [ four lions ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ygk2tojod-4 ) . 
  four lions is especially fantastic in my opinion . 
  also anything to do with wallace and gromit . 
  ] ( http://www.lrtipping.co.uk/onlinestore/plastic-polytainer-mark-4-lb.jpg ) except the box was green instead of brown . 
  we keep rulers in it because it 's the right height and has a good sized base which stops it from falling over , which is a common problem when storing rulers . 
  we could have gotten a fancy engraved urn , but there 's no point because it was n't as if grandma was going to live on the lintel and she would n't be bothered . 
  it was going to be # 800 or something absurd so the sensible thing to do was use the free box that came with her . 
  got ta be the cheeky song . 
  person dies , we either bury or cremate them , either way they need a coffin . 
  if they get cremated then we scatter their ashes somewhere important to them , and then we have a service followed by a wake . 
  at the service everybody gets sad , and at the wake everybody gets very very drunk and raucous . 
  the service is traditionally after the body has been disposed of but my grandmother sat in a plastic box which now holds rulers on the windowsil for several months before we scattered her ashes . 
  it 's absurd what they get away with , but the very moment somebody says we need to do something about it everybody jumps onto the freedom of speech and free journalism bandwagons and claims you are promoting state control of the media . 
  that 's probably because the vast majority of french people are not under twenty students who have decided to study in a foreign country . 
  i say old boy , how vexing must it be to be a socialite in this day and age and not use the lexicon one shares with their peers ? 
  it alienates a chap , what what . 
  and they called a desktop computer `` computer '' . 
  modern french has become saturated with english loan words as a result of globalisation . 
  i went to school in wiltshire until 2014 which is when i left sixth form , and i 've had numerous french exchange students ( who rent rooms from my family ) say we speak like their grandparents . 
  a lot of french words have been replaced with english words as a result of globalisation , for example a boy found it very entertaining that i called the laptop `` l'ordinateur '' when they just say `` laptop '' . 
  native english . 
  i can read french really well but my speaking is atrocious ( the dialect we learn in the uk is about fifty years old and you get a lot of funny looks ) , i can do basic introductions and know enough to maybe order a sandwich in german , spanish , and russian ( of which i can also read the alphabet ) . 
  i 'd like to learn all of these to fluency ( and in modern dialects thank you very much , gcse french ) . 
  it better not be contagious . 
  [ the tube is absurd . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0dftdplaylu ), 
  maybe that 's where the tube drivers get it from . 
  ja , that 's a common joke in britain . 
  the royal family is about as british as something can be , but they 're not completely ancestrally british . 
  i never said it was a funny joke . 
  well after the referendum i got called a polack and told to go home . 
  i 'm just as british as the queen . 
  once i was playing halo , joined a game and my ears exploded with somebody screaming `` learn you place nigger . 
  learn your goddamn place '' , but i 'm not sure if that strictly counts . 
  i 've gotten into a few fights with gypsies but that 's more because of clan conflicts ( i 'm friends with romani from a clan these guys hated ) , so again i 'm not sure if that 's a race thing . 
  remain !, 
  well , nobody has ever said the english are the best at speaking their own language . 
  i ca n't see that happening . 
  i can see erdogan kicking turkey into the shithole , getting deposed , and ataturk returning from the dead to lead his nation into a golden age before erdogan does . 
  the hamburger is american ? 
  it depends if you qualify criticising israel as being anti-semitic . 
  if it is , then probably a third of the country . 
  if it is n't , then a very small group of people . 
  ah yes , the great war : 1917 to 1918 . 
  is it true that the netherlands is cracking down on drug tourism ? 
  my brother tried to book a lads holiday to amsterdam and was told that there are less and less places that tourists can purchase drugs . 
  unlike the french . 
  wales is going to get absolutely fucked if we leave ; they get peanuts from westminster , the vast majority of their money came from the eu . 
  and the vast majority of welsh voters voted to leave the eu . 
  the vast majority of british money is invested in the south-east . 
  looking at that map , apparently i 'm living in a more developed region , but austerity has hit my local area like a tonne of bricks . 
  mass youth unemployment has resulted from the cancellation and prioritisation of bus services , causing a spike in criminal and anti-social behaviour . 
  local services and amenities have been bought out by national and international companies and then closed down because the population is too low to create a profit , thus rural communities are becoming increasingly isolated and marginalised as the wealth and development is concentrated in major population centres which villagers can not access because austerity is inhibiting social mobility because it 's closing down public transportation and raising costs to cover loses . 
  the british government does n't give a shit about their people , as evidenced by myself writing to my member of parliament four times and getting a one paragraph response from his secretary , thanking me for my letters and that hearing from his community is very important for the coffin-dodging tory bastard that has sat in his safe seat for twenty-five years . 
  and there 's absolutely fuck all for cornwall and devon other than the tourist industry , and that 's dropping at an alarming rate as budget package holidays to foreign and exotic destinations become all the more cheaper . 
  i think my region is isolated and marginalised : in some parts of cornwall and devon there 's less schools than communities . 
  i went to south devon on a geography trip a few years ago to study exactly that , and the nearest secondary school to some settlements was over an hour away by car . 
  brexit - even though it has n't happened yet - is already hitting london . 
  some businesses are already expanding to cities on the continent like frankfurt , paris , and dublin . 
  it 's clear that if we do leave the eu , these businesses will relocate to these cities and rent out or sell the properties they left behind in london . 
  tbh that is representative of a lot of britons these days . 
  i remember the day when the empire ended : literally overnight my teacher stopped referring to canada , new zealand , and australia as `` british territories '' and started referring to them as `` commonwealth nations '' . 
  my mother grew up with a map of the british empire in every classroom , and almost half the world seemed to be painted pink . 
  a lot of britons have retained the view that britain is still a global superpower or we have the capability to become one again . 
  when in fact we 're a minor international tertiary economy with an aging military , a paltry naval fleet , and a national economy that is dependent on foreign labour . 
  we 've got thirty combat ships , arms and armour that is nearly forty years old ( if you gutted the cold-war era radioactive environment systems from the warrior you could create enough space to fit a whole section into the back , rather than just one fireteam ) , and not enough britons taking low paying service jobs like bus drivers , postmen , and farm assistants for us to be independent of migrant workers and foreign labour . 
  in summary , we are not an international superpower and we do n't have the capability to become one again . 
  in fifty years time we 'll probably be the eu 's costa rica . 
  ooh , busted . 
  why did the vikings loot lindisfarne when all those monks had was chess pieces and root vegetables ? 
  'cause we can . 
  what do the colours mean ? 
  from my knowledge of british politics i 'm assuming that blues are conservative parties , reds are labour/workers rights parties , greens are green parties , and yellows are nationalist/independence ( from whatever ) parties . 
  but there 's also dark red , grey , orange , and purple . 
  mostly from age of empires iii , but also from a few books like last of the mohicans and song of hiawatha . 
  it was probably what a british pe teacher who spent five minutes skim reading a wikipedia article on softball thought softball was .
