  i fucking love snails . 
  i had them in a taverna on crete , and they were boiled in a garlic sauce . 
  delicious . 
  let 's abolish the royal family . 
  not a movie , but deutschland '83 was one of the best series i 've ever seen . 
  `` visit romania !, 
  we are not serbia ! '', 
  red background , central black vertical column ( nobody is saying stake ) , with a picture of the original caped crusader chewing on ceausescu . 
  do n't go giving nick griffin any ideas . 
  it 's just banter mate . 
  usually . 
  edit : lmfao he told me to `` shut the hell up '' hahaha, 
  if he 's a drunk then farage is too . 
  both people like their drink and they 're open about that , it 's just that juncker 's luxembourgian accent makes him sound perpetually drunk , but really that 's just how they talk . 
  i 'd have a pint with farage . 
  i do n't like the man , but i bet he has a list of real pubs . 
  they want to leave the union so they can rejoin the union that was left . 
  why white people in particular ? 
  they have n't been raised in a nihilist , violent , hateful ideology . 
  for starters nihilism is the total rejection of the religious and moral standards that most people adhere to and forming your own without any religious or social influence . 
  islam is a massive religion , more diverse than christianity . 
  i work very closely with university chaplaincies and i 've met muslims from indonesia that play christian songs and songs inspired by european culture on eid , i 've met muslims from saudi who shave their beards and do n't wear headscarfs , i 've met muslims who wear traditional dress even when it 's below zero outside , i 've met an imam who teaches that music with a heavy beat and offensive lyrics is haram ( so rammstein 's out ) , and i 've met muslims who believe all music , advertising , gambling , and long binges of ( or all ) television , books , and video games are haram because they exist to distract the mind which in islam makes a person weak . 
  i 've met muslims who advocate the death penalty for blasphemy , and i 've met muslims who could n't care less what you say about god and his prophet because he 's not your god and he is not your prophet . 
  it is a massive religion with massive diversity , and no two muslim communities are the same . 
  just like any group of people , i 've met muslims i am friends with and i 've met muslims who i want to kick in the head . 
  what makes these people become terrorists is politics . 
  the qur ` an teaches that if your homeland and your peoples are threatened , you should fight back . 
  there is no notion of the state in these situations , so if muslims are threatened they should be defended . 
  that 's the idea at least , but saying all muslims should be friends with muslims is like saying all christians should be friends with christians , and history is very fond is disproving that notion . 
  what makes these people become terrorists is desperation . 
  the classic british jihadi ( home grown terrorist ) is a young man without any friends , who sits on his computer all day , has underlying mental health issues , and has a troubled past . 
  maybe drugs , maybe abusive parents , maybe extreme bullying and social isolation at school . 
  this young man then discovers another world where he can be a powerful man , can do whatever he wants , nobody can refuse him , maybe he 'll even have friends because he 's so strong and powerful !, 
  sometimes he will be used by somebody manipulating this desperation , sometimes he will come to the conclusion himself : something needs to be done to change the state of the cruel , oppressive world , and he can be the man to do that . 
  in the end he 's fueled by hatred and resentment , he 's depressed and possibly suicidal ( although it 's far more likely that he simply does n't care if he dies ) . 
  the systems in the brain that say `` do n't do that , that 's hurting people , that 's wrong '' turn off , because they are too badly damaged by the toxic flow of chemicals that his diseased mind is producing to function properly . 
  terrorism is n't a muslim problem . 
  it was n't an irish republican problem or a communist or anarchist problem either . 
  it 's a human problem , and in every religious , political , and socioeconomic group of people then , now , and in ten thousand years time will have lone wolf terrorists . 
  they are sick people who have been failed by the system and hatred and cruelty has festered inside them , no different from the school shooters in america , the bus stop bombers in britain , the subway attackers in japan , the revolutionaries in sri lanka , or the genocidaires in bosnia . 
  they are people who are so sick they think they can kill people and get away with it because they have a good enough reason . 
  no , they are quite often very alone . 
  the majority of lone wolf attacks are not directed . 
  they have n't gone to mujahideen training camps in pakistan , they have n't been indoctrinated over the internet , they have n't been funded and supplied by a particular group , and they have n't received instructions . 
  they 're lost and disillusioned people who have lost their way . 
  they have been driven to desperation by the path of their lives , and they need a way out . 
  they fall into a toxic ideology which is the only thing that gives them strength , and that message compounds their desperation and their anger at the system . 
  they arm themselves with whatever they can because if they 're going to die they might as well strike back at the system . 
  why not kill a few kuffars that have made your life a living hell ? 
  they 're all part of the same oppressive structure that has ruined your life . 
  that 's what is going on inside their minds . 
  when they get caught by the police or killed , the train stops : there are no loose ends , there is nobody accountable other than the lone wolf terrorist . 
  no one to blame but the dead man , no one to bring to justice , no doors to break down and no one to arrest . 
  these people are very , very alone , and that is what drives them to commit such acts . 
  i studied public services at college so we got all sorts of gucci trips and visitors from the armed forces , police , and intelligence services . 
  one such visitor was from `` the police '' and said that british intelligence intercepted over two hundred terrorist threats during the london 2012 olympics . 
  mental . 
  probably was a loner . 
  the uk has one of the best intelligence networks in the world , but lone wolf attacks are almost impossible to discover unless the attacker is attempting to buy guns . 
  for example , anybody who has a kitchen knife and a car is just as well equipped as today 's attacker . 
  there might not have been any planning involved ; he could have been having the last bad day in a long series of bad days and decided to go out as dramatically as he can . 
  there 's no way the intelligence services could anticipate or prevent that . 
  the g in erdogan is pronounced as a w , so you say erdowan . 
  as others have said , wahn means crazy . 
  so it 's erdowahn . 
  except you pronounce the w as a v so it 's erdovahn . 
  who actually is uncle sam ? 
  is he just a propaganda character or was he an actual person ? 
  the hospital 's catering company is sodexo ... why am i not surprised ? 
  they are the most petty and vindictive company i have encountered . 
  at my secondary school they complained that our cake sales for charity were cutting into their profits , and they got them closed down . 
  we were only allowed two cake sales a year after that , and that happened within the first year of sodexo holding the catering contract . 
  now at my uni they are kicking up a fuss because the faith zone has a free tea and coffee that anybody can use . 
  modern romania was founded in '89 when ceausescu - perhaps the most brutal communist dictator since stalin - was deposed and executed . 
  many students have n't just gone to study in another city , they 've outright left the country to study . 
  the erasmus programme means they can easily and cheaply study their course and the native language in a foreign university . 
  ooh we could also de-partition the poland-lithuania commonwealth as a buffer against putin , reform the banates of severin and wallachia to secure europe 's southern border , and revive the prussian empi ... maybe not . 
  haha i clicked on the language settings for the second one so i could change to english , and it took me to a page for a universal translator device, 
  [ i share your love of expertly designed websites . 
  ] ( http://www.lingscars.com/ ), 
  your website is n't even loading on my 7 mbit connection . 
  at least that website is using https . 
  something like 75 % of gov.uk websites do n't . 
  and also why marseille of all places ? 
  it 's the luton of france . 
  he probably walked down the silk road . 
  rampant pathological distrust of tory governance probably . 
  well the british government is blocking pretty much every eu bill just because we can . 
  brexit 's probably better for you . 
  damn poland , it 's weird shit like this that got you partitioned three times . 
  i do n't consider them inferior , i just think they are bastards . 
  you ever met gypsies ? 
  they do n't do their reputation much favour . 
  a few of my friends are rom but they are still pikeys who steal and cheat , they just do n't steal from me . 
  every year the gypsies roll into the village , and they raid people 's fruit trees , steal tools and whatever is left lying around , shoplift from the petrol stations , leave trash everywhere , sell drugs in the region , and are connected to a few missing persons . 
  some of them are nice blokes , but at the end of the day they are part of a criminal family . 
  probably something really nasty to completely fuck up the end of the year , like a bombing in harrods in the middle of the christmas shopping or something like that . 
  my mother worked with him at some tv station in london that got absorbed into itv in the seventies or the eighties , and according to her this is absolutely the case . 
  definitely do so . 
  i 'd advise everybody owns at least one , if only for clearing an escape route .
