  you can say a lot of things without saying anything of substance . 
  personally i find white teeth ( american white ) rather creepy . 
  i like teeth that are a little bit crooked . 
  gives them character . 
  it 's important to distinguish between refugees and asylum seekers . 
  an asylum seeker is a person who is yet to be approved as a refugee . 
  a refugee has the right to work , but it is very limited until they earn citizenship . 
  twenty hours a week ; the same as international students . 
  an asylum seeker can not work until they are recognised by the government as a refugee . 
  succinctly , the government is afraid that some people may pretend to be refugees in order to live and work in the uk ( indeed this does happen ) , hence the approval . 
  it 's quite a simple checklist ; ` if we send them back to where they came from , would they be at a significant risk of harm or death ? ', 
  if the answer is yes , the asylum seekers earn refugee status . 
  unfortunately it is one of the smallest and worst funded branches of hm gov , and there are a lot of refugees and asylum seekers . 
  additionally , as you might expect from people forced to flee their homes from hobnail boots and rifles , cross the mediterranean in a raft , and traverse the alps by foot , they are n't exactly weighed down by documentation . 
  one family had to sell their passports to human traffickers in order to book passage from turkey to somewhere along the adriatic coast . 
  another family had theirs stolen in the balkans . 
  many of them did n't have passports to begin with , as they had little reason to leave syria , and those that did found them confiscated by the regime when the civil war reached its zenith . 
  i work directly with refugees settled in gloucestershire , and there are six families living in my town . 
  the parents and older relatives are suspicious and are very slow to trust . 
  they speak english poorly , but passably . 
  the children are almost fluent already , despite only being granted residency around nine months ago now . 
  it 's important to understand that the syrian refugees are n't illiterate `` barbarians '' , the unwashed horde which some people imagine swarming europe . 
  they can read and write , they have university educations , they own smartphones because they were as cheap as chips in syria , the mother of one of the families is a dentist : hardly the sort of profession some would expect a muslim woman from the arab world to hold . 
  the state allows them to live here but that 's about it . 
  most of them are not allowed to work , and those that do have strict wage and hours caps . 
  the pension that they earn from the state is paltry ; # 5 is what they get a day , and they are responsible for buying their own clothes , paying some utility bills ( there are exceptions , ie electricity , but i 'm not sure of the rest ) . 
  on the first thursday of every month , we host them at one of the local churches . 
  they are taught english , fed , and clothed with what the local charities can requisition from the government and companies . 
  sounds like anglicanism to me . 
  the church of england is primarily a social organisation , with religious roles being secondary . 
  the anglican church is a great patron of the arts ( not just religious , and when it is then not just christian ) and contribute significantly to foreign humanitarian aid , education ( non religious , although there is a particular focus towards religious education it is not the whole `` earth is 6,000 years old '' stuff ) , and hosts a lot of events and socials in communities . 
  they also have the odd state role like crowning the monarch or showing up at special events . 
  it 's basically a state charity at this point . 
  i do n't really care enough about the subject to have an opinion . 
  i 'm the apathetic agnostic . 
  if there is a god then that 's okay , if there is n't then that 's also okay . 
  i do doubt god 's involvement in our lives though . 
  i thought austria was partitioned between the east and the west like germany was ? 
  i 've heard that only the english would be so deviant as to think of stuffing a sheep 's guts into its own stomach , and only the scots would be so deviant as to eat it . 
  is there a lot of cooperation between the modern nations of the former austro-hungarian empire ? 
  like how the british empire now has the commonwealth of nations ? 
  god damn , i was in the cadets for five years and i do n't think i 've ever been told this . 
  sa80a1 was a piece of shit . 
  for starters it was technically a carbine , and was the heaviest in the world . 
  secondly the designers went out of their way to make the worst weapon system in the world , i 've heard stories about the magazines literally dropping out of the weapon when you stamped your feet . 
  thirdly it replaced the venerable slr , and whilst the move to intermediate cartridges makes sense it was still controversial . 
  a2 is a good bit of kit , but do n't expect to empty a mag without at least two jams . 
  the [ a3 ] ( http://www.combatandsurvival.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/sa80a3-right.jpg ) is coming out soon \u2122 , and it looks pretty good . 
  sa80 is the l85 , we just call it the sa80 . 
  dunno why . 
  in wales there are signs in english and welsh . 
  my favourite is no dogs , which has something along the lines of `` dim doggun '' printed below it . 
  i love it , the more absurd the better . 
  i 'd prefer less of it being in english though . 
  half the fun comes from not knowing what people are saying . 
  we annoyed the religious fundamentalists and puritan fruitcakes ( assuming that they are allowed to put fruit in cakes ) so much they jumped ship and left for greener pastures . 
  english pubs definitely have music playing these days :( i miss the quiet pub . 
  i miss the drunk bloke who claimed he was in the sas . 
  i miss the dog that was always wandering around and nobody knew who he belonged to . 
  i miss the dodgy bloke smoking a fag in the corner who always hid it when somebody walked past like we could n't smell it . 
  i miss seeing dogs drinking a little bit of beer from their bowl . 
  i miss seeing parents letting their nippers have a sip of bitter then laughing as the kid screwed up her face . 
  i miss the british pub . 
  tito , napoleon , and ataturk , for living putin is definitely there . 
  an utterly reprehensible man , but equally fascinating . 
  admire probably is n't the right word for it . 
  yes , i 'm in a group chat with some and we have some very interesting conversations . 
  ultimately we all agree on similar issues , it 's just the direction or the extent of our solutions that we disagree on . 
  i thought the mediterranean diet was meant to be good for you . 
  bacon sandwich and four cups of tea . 
  mostly pensioners who retire to spain and complain that everybody talks foreign . 
  70 km by train, 
  one thing i 've noticed is that the british have extremely large variations in how we write our letters . 
  [ 7 ] ( http://www.genistra.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/01/why-do-some-people-write-number-7-with-a-line-through-the-middle.png ) and [ z ] ( https://i.stack.imgur.com/ibkzf.png ) get crossed , [ d ] ( http://www.charbase.com/images/glyph/42874 ) , [ g ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/5c/insular_g.svg/1200px-insular_g.svg.png ) , and j can be insular , and [ z ] ( http://imgur.com/1brb5do ) can look like a three . 
  it largely goes down to personal taste but there are other factors , for example the insular letters come from irish , also we 've reformed the education system and abolished and deabolished and then reabolished handwriting styles many many times in the last century , so every generation can have a radically different way of writing . 
  i 've got the same handwriting as my grandmother because she taught me . 
  i might upload a picture later if i figure out how to do it with my phone which is on the fritz . 
  let 's petition to swap russia for canada . 
  it 's never the pro-russia candidate who gets hacked so we know that the only dodgy thing macron is up to is skimping on his cyber security . 
  i 'd like to ask a few questions about the anschlussbest\u00e4tigungsformular before i put my pen to it . 
  this is why you can not into nordic . 
  five for a little bit of watered down wine with meals , twelve or thirteen is when i started drinking drinking . 
  i did n't start drinking regularly until i was around seventeen . 
  it 's makes things easier if you go to the low areas . 
  brighton is too green though . 
  i went once and felt like i was transforming into the upper middle class . 
  i realised i had to leave when i was having tea on a houseboat and said the cakes were `` moreish '' . 
  it 's far too close . 
  my awareness of entertaining stereotypes and cultural banter have increased . 
  thanks to tumblr ( probably more than just tumblr but i blame tumblr the most because that 's the only social media i 've seen it on to a significant extent ) , we have successfully imported the contemporary flavour of american liberalism . 
  we 've had black lives matter shutting down motorways , we 've had people protesting against american social issues and social conflicts , we 've had trouble stirred up by the antifa but they are trivial compared to what 's happening in america . 
  freedom of speech at universities is being eroded , and if you are not loud and vocal about your political opinions ( the * right * political opinions ) then it 's assumed that you oppose them . 
  do n't understand transgenderism ? 
  you 're a fascist . 
  bit uncomfortable with two men snogging in front of you ? 
  you 're a fascist . 
  not attracted to black people ? 
  you 're a fascist . 
  are you concerned with the current refugee crisis caused by wars in syria , africa , and the middle east ? 
  you 're a fascist .
