  you say it seems we 're scared of travellers . 
  i have to specify , there are many types of gypsy . 
  the word `` gypsy '' is an umbrella term for these itinerant families . 
  roma gypsies are the ones that cause all the trouble in my area , but there are also roma gypsies that live on one of the council estates and are functioning members of society and are quite nice lads . 
  there are also irish travellers ; i 've never met an irish traveller but even the roma say they are pikeys ( a bad gypsy , rather offensive ) . 
  rom , roma , and romani are all the same thing ethnically , but culturally they are slightly different . 
  apart from calling themselves slightly different variations of the same word , i do n't know what these cultural differences are . 
  i do n't think anybody is afraid of gypsies . 
  they 're just a nuisance when they are around causing trouble . 
  most gypsies are alright , chances are you 'll never know they are gypsies , but the ones that are n't really , really are n't . 
   i also do not understand why modern society always makes exceptions for `` minorities '' . 
  quite often because they are really , really loud , or they are sensitive about something that happened a long time ago . 
  there is a lot of gypsy crime where i 'm from and the police do n't do anything about it , because if they do both the gypsies and the pro-gypsy supporters would be crying `` institutional racism '' , especially after the events of [ dale farm ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-essex-37628558 ) . 
  that does n't change the fact that these gypsies are growing and selling cannabis to children , they deal cocaine and pills , and are even connected with a murder , but there is still absolutely nothing from the police . 
  a few years back , the gypsies set up shop in the village paddock . 
  the owner of the paddock , who had chickens , llamas , and alpacas in there was understandably not happy with fifty odd gypsies putting down their roots in his land , so he called the police . 
  he called them again when a few of his chickens went missing . 
  the police never showed up , it simply was n't worth the effort . 
  they did n't show up until some of the people in the village started arming themselves and were planning on driving the gypsies out . 
  edit : i just remembered we had this american lass in my class from year eight . 
  moving from america meant that she was exposed to real gypsies for the first time . 
  in america , the word gypsy is used for a person more like a bohemian hippy who dresses like madame zeroni . 
  so this lass was going on about how we 're deplorable racists in england for hating gypsies , when a gypsy lad ( there were quite a few at our school ) walks past and suckerpunches her . 
  he thought she was chatting shit about gypsies and that he was defending his honour or something like that . 
  same kid threatened me and my comptia lecturer at college because we were talking about gypsies in the balkans , which was where my lecturer was seconded with the peacekeepers during the yugoslav wars . 
  he was talking about how they used to have this wonderful plum brandy that you could trade for anything , then oddboy comes up and threatens to bring in a crowbar and smash our mugs in . 
  he was a nice lad if you avoided the topic of gypsies , and quite generous with his pockets , but a bit scary . 
  the british peoples are perhaps the most politically apathetic culture i am aware of . 
  sometimes this is good . 
  during the blitz our country was under siege , london was being pounded by heavy bombers nightly for more than eight months , yet we never gave up . 
  but now it 's biting us in the arse . 
  our prime minister is talking about state censorship of the internet and nobody cares . 
  `` so what ? '', 
  people say , `` we 'll get on with it '' . 
  not `` i do n't care '' or `` it wo n't affect me '' , but we have resigned ourselves to thinking that this is just another adversity that we have to endure . 
  if this happened in france , half of paris would be cinders and they 'd be on their sixth republic already !, 
  i 'm studying computer science at university , and the majority of my class are very pro-eu and in our group chat they are talking about learning french or german . 
  i do n't know if we 're representative of the entire uk , but it looks to me like this country stands to lose a lot of its technologically adept graduates to the eu in the future . 
  we tried . 
  the government created an alternative vote system that was deliberately fucked up and unusable then ran a campaign that really pushed at the legality of fraudulent advertising in order to dissuade voters from the idea of playing the politicians ' game : [ 1 ] ( https://charityuknews.files.wordpress.com/2011/04/no-to-av-soldier.jpg ) [ 2 ] ( https://greigdarby.files.wordpress.com/2011/04/no_to_av-police.png ) [ 3 ] ( http://www.theliberati.net/quaequamblog/wp-content/no-to-av-maternity.jpg ) end result was that the tories played us like a fucking harpsichord and reaffirmed their notion that the common briton is nothing more than an educated serf . 
  anglosphere 's gone to shit . 
  looks like the francophonie or the `` deutschesph\u00e4re '' might be getting a little bigger as more and more industries and nations switch off from the english speaking world . 
  i do n't get why people take eurovision so seriously . 
  i want to get drunk and enjoy myself and watch something bizarre like yodel rap . 
  that was one of the best i 've seen for years . 
  make prussia great again !, 
  actually , best not ... 
  they voted to join a trade agreement with the promise of tax and tariff free trade between european states . 
  now it has evolved from that to a politically powerful borderline-superstate . 
  hey , i 'm telling you why people voted to leave . 
  i never made any claim that they were informed . 
  i heard `` i voted to leave because this was n't what we wanted to join '' pretty much every damn day after the referendum . 
  that 's what they said , so that 's what i 'm saying . 
  it 's an excuse people use to try to shut down a conversation when it 's getting too hot for them . 
  i steal your tin of soup because you stole my bread . 
  you complain about my theft and i attempt to discredit your claim , citing whataboutism as if it justifies my amoral act and tries to make you look even shittier for stealing my bread in the first place . 
  by using whataboutism , i 'm attempting to make the theft of your soup a just act . 
  `` well you should n't have stolen my bread then '' , `` you were asking for it by stealing my bread '' , `` hold on dickhead , you stole my bread , you do n't get to complain about this '' . 
  it 's not . 
  i stole your soup . 
  you stole my bread . 
  nobody is good , everybody is bad . 
  ultimately i would be in the most wrong , as you only stole my bread . 
  i stole your soup as an act of revenge and then attempted to discredit you . 
  usion whataboutism is a fantastic way that people use to make themselves look like self-pious arseholes , simultaneously revealing their intent to discredit the other party , their immaturity and unprofessional character , and their own inability to view the event with a nuanced and objective perspective . 
  real world example : `` the genocide we committed was n't as bad as the genocide you committed '' . 
  it 's still genocide . 
  does n't matter how many died or how . 
  both parties made the conscious and calculated decision to wipe a group of people from the face of the earth . 
  the red army were rather fond of wrist compasses . 
  i covered this picture in history ; the russians published it but british and american media started running that the soviets were looting berlin ( to be fair ... ) , so the russians simply edited it out rather than try to contest the anglo media with their claim . 
  ultimately it 's moot . 
  it happened seventy two years ago , who really knows what he was wearing . 
  no because apparently that is whataboutism so discussing it is forbidden . 
  i 'm guessing it has something to do with this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/armored_train_hurban, 
   classique , je is le bit let tired at el momento better ? 
  nah well i 've met the man ; he does n't need a website to make him look bad , he does a good enough job of that himself . 
  he 's had the job since ' 97 . 
  twenty years of dossing about and he 's still in parliament . 
   :( it 's a really nifty website . 
  great for finding out who is dragging their feet . 
  james gray . 
  absolute berk . 
  cheated on his wife when she had cancer , took photos of dead squaddies , the biggest threat to our constituency is the marginalisation of rural communities because bus companies are abandoning small settlements where residents are too poor to own vehicles and gray has never voted on transport issues , and the bastard snubbed me in my own home . 
  https://www.theyworkforyou.com/mp/10240/james_gray/north_wiltshire/votes lovely chap . 
  he 's got to go . 
  all parties have gone batshit . 
  libdems who were my usual mooks shot themselves in the foot and had to amputate the leg , labour are about as useful as a bathtub made out of cotton wool , the only party whose policies i actually agree with these days are the snp but just look at what they want . 
  i 'll still be voting libdem though , only because my tory mp is literally the biggest wanker in britain and he needs to fuck off . 
  the only bloke who came close to deposing him was the libdem candidate who is running again this year . 
  if the tories win the election with such numbers that they utterly marginalise other parties , i might seriously consider emigration . 
  in my lifetime i 've seen us go from a three party system , to two , to potentially one . 
  a one party system - democratic or not - never works out . 
  what with all these restrictions of privacy , the snooper 's charter , proposals to ban vpns and device encryption , back doors into end-to-end communication ( so the police can see what we 're typing in real time ) without warrants , and throw in the party responsible for all this nonsense dominating parliament , i simply might recant my citizenship and fuck off to a better country . 
  i 'm terrified of how future governments will use what the current government has created . 
  we were effectively taught that the reasons for the nazi 's hatred was because they were evil . 
  we were n't taught that such prejudices were actually extremely common and mainstream in europe at the time , or that many countries had races or groups that they routinely oppressed , or the underlying social issues that these groups indirectly caused ( ie a sudden influx of foreign migrants or refugees caused by economic crisis or war ) that lead them to being blamed and used as scapegoats . 
  the nsdap had a reason for hating the jews and the slavs and the communists . 
  it was n't a reason that we today can consider justifiable or moral , but at the time many people could . 
  instead of this , we are taught that the fascists were plain evil : there was something innately wrong with them that made them what they are , rather than being products of a culture or crisis that made them .
