  it was literally just rounders with a baseball bat and foam balls . 
  rounders too , everybody plays rounders at school . 
  for the americans , rounders is the primogenitor to baseball : a small bat approximately half the length of a baseball bat with a single grip is used to hit a leather ball in the same manner as it is done in baseball . 
  you drop the bat and run around the bases in the same manner as you do in baseball . 
  the key differences between rounders and baseball is the smaller bat , the distance between the thrower and the batter is much smaller , the people out in the field do n't have gloves . 
  we played softball in year eight and a kid said to our teacher , `` let 's be real for a minute . 
  this is just rounders with a stress ball and gloves '' . 
  i mean we had to wear baseball mitts in order to catch a soft ball . 
  in rounders you just accept that there 's a risk you will get your hand shattered by catching a hard ball at 50mph . 
  most people wo n't be able to attend it regardless of their nationality . 
  i went on work experience as part of the ministry of defence 's look at life programme , that is a highly selective work experience programme managed by the various branches of the british armed forces . 
  i attended because my course was selected from a list of public services prep courses , we did n't apply for it , but at the end it was the british army 's decision as to who went . 
  that said there were foreign kids there from other colleges ; a few poles , a fijian , a few bangladeshis , and indians . 
  kids who had a history of violent and criminal behaviour were not allowed to attend , and kids with mental health issues such as autism were not recommended to attend , but quite a few did anyway with various results . 
  the kid who went awol was in my section and he has asperger 's syndrome , and it seemed like a good idea for him to sneak out of the barracks in the middle of a live firing range that was conducting night exercises that night , without telling anybody . 
  so unless you are a british citizen , in a public services prep course ( which is a full time two year course , three years if you include the hnd which is one year at university level education and qualification ) , and are selected by the british army or navy ( my course has also done look at life with the royal marines commandos ) , there 's no chance i 'm afraid . 
  but a lot of people could n't stomach it : the kid who went awol spent the previous few months talking about how sick it was going to be and then he legs it on the second night . 
  we went down there with about 75 kids and left with 65 . 
  most left properly because they could n't handle it , one kid went awol , a few had other convictions such as work and they could n't get the full week off so they came and went , one kid collapsed with heart strain , and one kid got booted for mugging off the staff . 
  you need to keep your passport on you at all times . 
  `` state of national emergency '' does n't mean what it does in the us : the french police are going to be checking id randomly and frequently . 
  if your id is in the hotel , they 're going to take you to the cop shop , or the gendarmerie armourie , whatever the french rhyming slang is . 
  i love how it just says `` nestl\u00e9 '' in switzerland . 
  i 'd say the bbc is the best resource . 
  the guardian has become increasingly more of a liberal tabloid paper , focusing on sensationalism and appeasing to political perspectives rather than being an impartial news source . 
  if you want the raw facts and effects , go for the bbc . 
  note that whilst the bbc has a strict code of neutrality , its journalists do not , so there will be conservative journalists and socialist journalists and feminist journalists , but the bbc is mandated to publish the entire picture rather than just a single journalist 's perspective like other papers do . 
  actually , and i speak from experience as i used to take medication that stained my urine , it actually goes everywhere more ( like a lot more ) if your piss on the bowl 's surface . 
  like i looked in the mirror afterwards and my face was purple . 
  if you piss in the water , it only mists up to your waist . 
  so 's he . 
  boxing is very popular , but wrestling is n't anymore . 
  you ca n't be wanted by europol or interpol , i know that much , but i think you can join if you have an outstanding warrant for your arrest provided that it was n't for a violent crime . 
  what 's the internet like there ? 
  germany . 
  absolutely either french or german . 
  french would probably be more useful internationally , as half of africa and much of the pacific speaks french , not to mention the weird part of canada and some of the southern states . 
  i have a passport and a driving license . 
  no such thing as a voter id card in the uk . 
  i 've also got a college student id card , which is pretty neat because it 's got an nfc key inside it and i can unlock doors , but only in the part of the college where i am based . 
  and the staff room , for some reason . 
  i only carry around my driving license now , and i never used to need it but now i 'm trying to grow a beard , it has been collectively decided that i no longer look like i am twenty , so i 'm getting the bloody thing out of my wallet all the time . 
  [ i think isis are hiring . 
  ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/71lxrqnbbic/maxresdefault.jpg ) edit : damn , i just scrolled down and you got there first . 
  you 're quick , mate . 
  the guy that you 've responded to 's username is so relevant in this thread . 
  i 've never heard of a real mercenary that was n't ex-military . 
  they can earn big money though , those dodgy ones the american 's hired in afghan and iraq that the other coalition forces said `` keep away from us or we 'll shoot you '' to earned something like us$ 800 a day . 
  i spent a week with the british army for work experience , and the first thing we were told was ** `` i am corporal surname , and i 'm going to be leading you through this week . 
  if you fucking mongs ca n't hack it , then fuck the fuck off . 
  there are no safe spaces in the army '' ** . 
  i had a brilliant time , and it cleared up any social anxiety like bazuka does to acne , but a lot of people could n't hack it . 
  five people called their parents and went home , because it was something we volunteered for so we actually had no obligation to be there , one kid tried to go awol ( basically he tried to walk out the gate without telling the army or the college staff that he was leaving ) , and one kid tried to make a formal complaint against the corporal who was doing the shouting . 
  the warrant officer said , * `` this 's what phase one training is like . 
  when you arrived we promised you that it would be a genuine army experience and that is what we have delivered '' * . 
  as soon as i got back i was like * `` you know what , getting a job is n't so daunting after all , i think i 'll make some phone calls '' * . 
  got three offers within a month , easy as that . 
  they have paratroopers ( 2 ^ \u00e9me rep ) , which is perhaps the closest you can get . 
  the legion does not maintain or pilot air vehicles . 
  i think you can join british armed forces if you are a foreign national , provided you have citizenship . 
  in fact i am certain that you can but you should check into it anyway . 
  the british armed forces are the largest provider of apprenticeships in the world . 
  if you do n't have a similar scheme in the us , then an apprenticeship is when you study for a vocational qualification in a professional environment , so you are studying and working thus earning money at the same time . 
  most of the time it will be at a specialised military facility , but it 's not rare for military personnel to go to university or college and study a course that is payed for by the armed forces with a bunch of students who are studying that course for different reasons . 
  this is your phase 2 , which is the second and longest part of training where you learn you military trade . 
  it is very important to the armed forces that you have desirable skills when you leave the military , so it will be qualifications that are recognised nationally , and probably internationally as well . 
  i 'm biased towards the army as i live right next to a barracks , and half of my friends are in the army , so i recommend you have a look at the fitness requirements and take the barb test practice if you consider joining her majesty 's armed forces : http://www.army.mod.uk/join/getting-yourself-ready.aspx the royal air force is slowly being merged with the british army anyway , so over the next few decades many raf only positions will start to open up to ba personnel . 
  for example , the ba maintains a fleet of attack helicopters ; [ here we see cornet `` harry wales '' explaining how his cavalry works . 
  ] ( http://static.standard.co.uk/s3fs-public/thumbnails/image/2015/02/27/11/princeharryarmy9.jpg ) of course there 's always the [ legion ] ( http://foreignlegion.info/joining/ ) if britain wo n't take you or is n't to your liking . 
  if you want to get some of that sweet , sweet eu , you can get second citizenship through the legion and then you 've got the right to work without restrictions in the largest economy on the planet , which is n't too shabby . 
  french men have no right to be that attractive . 
  they 've all got closely cropped hair , skull shapes that make that work , angular jaws and cheekbones , and big brown eyes . 
  i 've got a lot of norman dna but clearly i have n't got enough . 
  according to the pet owners association : 1 . 
  labrador retrievers 2 . 
  cocker spaniel 3 . 
  french bulldog from what i have seen : 1 . 
  labrador retrievers 2 . 
  mutts 3 . 
  tied between huskies and alsatians . 
  depends if that eu military gets off the ground . 
  without a co-ordinated multinational defence , i doubt we could hold off the russians if they decide to invade . 
  the largest problem in early world war ii , prior to dunkirk , was that the nazis were advancing and the allies were n't maintaining a strong defensive line : the nazis avoided the maginot line by going through belgium , the and the response was so poorly co-ordinated that the nazis went right through the gaps . 
  without a single , central authority to dictate troop movements and defence in europe , i very much doubt we 'd be able to prevent a similar situation from happening again . 
  russia already has a foothold in europe , and the eastern european states do n't exactly have the best equipped militaries in the world , whereas the russian federation has more tanks than any other nation . 
  if russia invades , they 'll plough through europe and poland will be right in the middle of the conflict . 
  i think it 's far more likely that we 'll see more ukraine situations in the future though : russia annexes a small portion , severs it from the rest of the nation , incites civil war and conflict and destabilises the nation , and eventually snaps it up , rather than a massive offense . 
  if there is a war , and we win , who gets konigsberg back ? 
  germany or poland ? 
  from sweden to germany , or from spain to the nederlands ? 
  the foundations and one wall was made in 1215 , the rest was renovated in 1795 , an extension and mod cons ( electricity , water , etc. ), 
  were added in the '40s because an raf base was being built and the house needed to be occupied by military until that was complete ( we did n't learn from the revolution ) , and at extension was knocked down because it was ghastly and was renovated in 2007 . 
  i think the only building in my village that predates my house and my neighbours ' houses is the church . 
  so you 're essentially claiming money back from the government . 
  that 's interesting , i think we only do that if we 've been overcharged insurance . 
  you declare your taxes . 
  the government does it for us , unless you are a business owner or are paid in cash . 
  also our income tax is deducted before we earn our money , so whereas you would get paid 1,000 and have to send 250 back , we just earn the 750 . 
  we know how much has been taxed as a percentage , but unless you know how to calculate percentages backwards , you wo n't know how much you are being taxed . 
  because of this , it 's rather rare to find somebody who thinks that the government is stealing their money , or has any qualms against taxation , because most of us do n't know exactly how much tax we are paying .
