  until we recognise that such events can easily happen again and make the next regressive repressive group of people , then it will . 
  i swear to god the tory body language experts are having a laugh . 
  like cameron only developing a personality after he left office , everything the party does just makes them look like fools . 
  there must be somebody behind the scenes having a bit of fun , and nobody in power has cottoned on . 
  i heard he was quite the party animal in his youth . 
  the man is terrified that the secret police that no self-respecting dictatorship would lack will hear him talk badly about lukashenko . 
  instead he supports him and does n't want anybody to know that . 
  many people who believe the `` the parents did n't do it '' conspiracy theories about madeleine mccann think she got nicked by gypsies . 
  it does happen from time to time . 
  my friend was there and worked on the cleanup . 
  he was seconded to the peacekeepers from the british army , and being a combat medic he was tasked with assisting identification of the bodies . 
  he 's still a pretty unpredictable man even though it 's been over twenty years . 
  every street is crowded like spoons on a friday . 
  i 've had drunk toffs try to pull me off my bike because they want a go . 
  there were people doing jaegerbombs , singing , and even smoking in the quiet carriage . 
  fortunately the btp took care of that last lot , but the entire town goes to shit during race week . 
  scotland would n't need a large navy , army , or air force because they are surrounded by allies . 
  the nearest and greatest threat is russia , so scotland would need a fast fleet and marine air force to intercept russian vessels attempting to enter national waters . 
  a defensive army would n't need to be very big at all , as england will always be doing the lion 's share of any work in the event of an invasion just because our population allows us to field a larger army , and we definitely do n't want a foreign military to land on the island we share . 
  if scotland does invest in one thing , it should be a marine corps . 
  any fighting in scotland is going to be done with extremely limited resources and supply lines , so they 'll need men and women who can make a magazine last a firefight and are n't afraid to get cold or wet . 
  fast ships to intercept russian vessels , fast jets to harass them and slow them down , and a small defensive army to hold down the coastline until english reinforcements arrive is likely all that is needed . 
  wales is a nation but that 's a very recent change . 
  it was made a country in its own right under brown in 2006 , which expanded upon a previous devolution of westminster 's powers in 1998 . 
  they do n't really issue money , rather they print it on behalf of the bank of england . 
  manx , scottish , channel islands , and northern irish pounds are pinned to the value of the gbp , they have the same security features as the gbp , and they are pretty much identical in every way but with regional designs like scottish people on the scottish notes . 
  one way to look at it is that the bank of england has outsourced minting to these private banks in these regions . 
  none of them really . 
  they 're all telephone polls of very small populations in a restricted demographic . 
  about 2,000 households in surrey all within five minutes walk of each other with be called at two in the afternoon and asked who they 'll be voting for . 
  i can almost guarantee that the majority of respondents will be middle class retirees just based on the area and the time of day ( let 's face it , who else is going to be at home and answering the phone at two on a weekday ? 
  ) , and they 'll say they 're going to vote tory . 
  am home intoxicated now ? 
  my town has led lights . 
  they make shadows look crazy , like the shadows are running at low quality . 
  [ eg ] ( https://s3.amazonaws.com/3reef-images/leotek-street-light-shadows.jpg ), 
  it 's pissing it down . 
  last year was worse . 
  we get three summers though . 
  the last one is n't due to start for another week or two , then it 'll be hot until late september . 
  i 've met a few vegetarians but not many . 
  i had never met a vegan until i went to university . 
  i do n't know much at all about the current events in kosovo . 
  could the pro-serbia parts join serbia with the remainder `` remaining '' independent , or maybe an economic union between the two states but political independence and cooperation ? 
  england or english is a surname , but a rather rare one . 
  yet you are all speaking it . 
  * [ laughs in stolen ] *, 
  or when they are told to make a personal connection to customers . 
  `` hello sir , how are you today ? '', 
  ( note that `` alright '' , `` mornin ' '' , `` evenin ' '' , `` hallo mate '' or any other colloquialism would be vastly preferable ) `` alright , you ? '', 
  ( note , the correct response to this is `` alright , cheers '' and the conversation ends ) `` oh you 've got to be more than alright on a day like this blah blah blah '' we 're there to receive the service and get in and out as quickly as possible , they are there to provide the service and get their pay . 
  i do n't mind the odd bit of small talk , but when it 's forced it 's so fake , so saccharine , so dishonest and untrustworthy . 
  i know they do n't care , i know they do n't want to care , so what are they asking such personal opinions for ? 
  fluent in english , and i can read basic french , spanish , welsh , and german , and i 've got a pretty good grasp on speaking basic german but i still have n't developed the ear . 
  because of my german/english knowledge i can pick apart dutch , and through french and spanish , italian . 
  what are they , like a us colony or something ? 
  well the plan was to sell it to saudi arabia because if anybody needs a supercarrier it is everyone 's favourite middle eastern monarchy , but resistance to that from everyone who is n't in the tory party is so high that the government will probably scrap it , especially now that we 've got a hung parliament . 
  we ca n't store it or train it because britain is broke/wants to appear broke when it suits the government . 
  i was at a `` the future of technology in europe '' uni seminar just a few months back , and skype was pinned to estonia . 
  france . 
  if we 're going down , we 're taking you with us . 
  because english-french hatefuck . 
  give this a looksie for rail travel : http://www.interrail.eu/en, 
  we 're currently building two aircraft supercarriers , the hms queen elizabeth and the hms prince of wales . 
  unfortunately we 've only got the capability to field one , so the hms prince of wales is going to be scrapped upon completion , because according to the government that will be cheaper than simply scrapping it now , or finishing it and either fielding it or selling it . 
  damn , and i felt stupid when i bought screws that were longer than the thickness of the wood . 
  imagine being the berk that ordered 2,000 wrongly sized trains . 
  which most people regard as correct english . 
  god forbid you use passive voice which is perfectly fine in dialect , because some berk on this website will call you out . 
  i got a bloody essay because i said runs instead of ran . 
  quite a few english speakers ( myself included ) have been taught to use the trilled r like in * spieluhr * because it 's harder to mix it up with a w sound . 
  the problem is it 's not a sound that naturally exists in british anymore so we can only really use it when it is preceded by a vowel . 
  my problem with learning german is that the trill muscles its way into long vowels , like * `` ascherrr '' * . 
  words like today and tomorrow used to be hyphenated , spelled [ to-day ] ( http://facingthepastshapingthefuture.com/wp-content/gallery/world-war-1_1/world-war-1-recruitment-poster.jpg ) and to-morrow . 
  whilst writing that i remembered i have an old guide to the english language from when a family member moved to britain circa 1900 , and i specifically remember that it says that spelt is a plant and is not an acceptable alternate spelling of spelled . 
  all of my grandparents died horribly . 
  dementia , alzheimer 's , pancreatic cancer , and paralysis and depression resulting from a stroke . 
  my paternal grandmother was already in the early stages of dementia when i was born , she was blind from macular degeneration and was totally deaf when i was thirteen , and was put on 24 hour suicide watch by the nhs a few years later when she tried to convince a nurse to let her die . 
  the doctors considered it abnormal that an 86 year old woman with no quality of life wanted to die peacefully , on her terms . 
  instead she lasted another few years and died at 89 , having spent three years completely unresponsive to the outside world . 
  all of my grandparents should have been allowed to die peacefully , with dignity , and on their own terms . 
  nobody should be forced to suffer because some mps think it is just . 
  as it stands , euthanasia is illegal in all its forms . 
  allowing a relative to commit suicide is homicide , and if you take a relative to dignitas in switzerland you will be charged with murder upon your return to britain . 
  funny , a lot of people here do n't hold english as something very important . 
  the average person will have zero use of or interest in shakespeare , poetry styles , american literature , the difference between noun , adjectives , etc. 
  i blame the teaching style and the subject material : it 's boring and repetitive and you get treated like an idiot by staff for not remembering what bottom did , and all the literature is fifty decades old at least and is not really relevant to what most people are interested in . 
  especially in a rural working class school where 60 % of kids will not do further education . 
  written is definitely better . 
  not just because of a minor speech impediment , but dialect and accent too . 
  i get my r sounds and my w sounds mixed up sometimes , which is fairly common in english . 
   wrihhen is definitely behher . 
  noh jus 'cause uv a minor speech impedimenh , bot dialec n aksent too . 
  ih get me arr sunds and me wuh sunds mixed op sumtime , which iz fairly commun in english . 
  edit : i ai n't no cockney . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cun-lzvotdw i sound like the rozzer with the dog at home and i put on a more neutral accent when i 'm out of the ( west ) country . 
  yeah well if you learn english from watching trainspotting , you 're going to struggle anywhere . 
  basically the same thing . 
  once upon a time we decided to steal all their money and their properties and we threw them out of the country . 
  about twenty years later we let them back in , then we stole all their money and their property and threw them out again .
