  they wear heavy wax jackets because at the end of the day they are a working peoples . 
  being a housewife out in the country means that you 're in charge of whatever livestock your family owns , ranging from a small coop of hens to a gross of cows . 
  they cook , they clean , they raise their kids , the volunteer in schools around the parish , they cycle to the shops ( a good few miles away ) or take the bus , and meet their friends for tea . 
  they do n't lead very interesting lives , but they are decent , hard working , god fearing women . 
  that 's what one the most common demographic of women in my home region is . 
  i could n't possibly explain every type of woman in the uk ; the genetic and cultural diversity is far too large . 
  i think it is the dominant influencing foreign culture in europe , but i would n't call it a threat unless they put the pressure on us to adopt us-style laws ( mostly the ones that make a tidy profit at the expense of the consumer ) . 
  about five or six years ago now . 
  when did bavaria have a referemdum ? 
  no , not often . 
  please , who wants to shell out two extra cents per tonne of cloth ? 
  bangladesh is where it 's at . 
  what do you say about the slovaks ? 
  is n ^ o 1 the reason why there is a stereotype of czechs dying on the tops of mountains ? 
  it was n't wooden , he had scabies so he hid his hand in his jacket . 
  cider , and eventually jaegerbombs . 
  in my country , they live in london mostly , in the rich outer satellite towns that are part of the greater london area . 
  in my village , they live in london mostly , in the rich outer satellite towns that are part of the greater london area . 
  they buy properties in rural communities , do n't make any effort to join the community , treat the village like it is their personal holiday resort , and generally treat us like shit , so we make it very clear that they are n't wanted . 
  beans on toast by far . 
  tbh we do n't know what we are . 
  a quarter of us consider ourselves northern , another quarter considers ourselves western , and the remaining half do n't care in the slightest . 
  we can still tell their class and profession by their accent . 
  who needs social mobility ? 
  less traumatic for your loved ones too . 
  i 'm a uk citizen , i believe in the eu and what it stands for and i voted to remain in the referendum . 
  the uk is better off in the eu , but the eu is better off with us out ; we cause too much trouble and we are not ready to be part of the union . 
  at the moment , my country seems to be doing as much as it can to spite the eu . 
  ideally we wo n't drag scotland down with us . 
  hopefully the decision to leave will not be final , and we can rejoin when we are ready to be part of the eu . 
  i 've never heard about that before but it sounds like something we 'd do . 
  well , my family are insistent that my ashes be placed in the mausoleum , like every other member of my family for the last three hundred years , but i do n't like my family so i 'm going to make my own mausoleum with blackjack and hookers . 
  i lived in a place with a lot of gypsies that engage in drug dealing across the county . 
  my brother 's friend sells drugs for them but uses too much of what he should be selling , my brother thinks he 's a hard man and tries to intimidate the gypsy dealers , and that ends up with the cunt dobbing me in because he 's a coward . 
  friend gets beaten up for using their stuff , my brother gets beaten up by them for chatting shit , i get beaten up because they think i orchestrated the whole thing , and my brother gets beaten up because he 's a snakey little twat who dobs his already-estranged brother into the shitter . 
  except for the mugging : that was just a random mugging in bristol . 
  an eu army would be independent of the nato command structure , but would ideally co-operate with nato internationally and replace nato within europe . 
  basically it would be a military and political alliance between eu member states , with minimal us ( and probably uk ) influence within europe . 
  i have been jumped at night a few times . 
  i 've been mugged once and had all of my cash taken , and i 've been beaten up by gypsies in a random attack , but the best way to win a fight is to run away , and you ca n't outrun a bullet . 
  plus , thirty quid or a cracked head is n't worth killing somebody over : you ca n't shoot somebody just a little bit . 
  i think trump will be better for the world . 
  a lot of nations were expecting the us to lead the charge on climate change . 
  just look at how successful the paris conference was : countries that one ignored the issues are now stepping up to the table and are being proactive . 
  even china acknowledges that something must be done , and they 've spent the last fifty years placing their national economy before the global environment/global economy . 
  they were waiting for a rich leader to invest all the money and do all the work , and now that potential leader has found something that they would rather do instead , leaving everyone else high and dry ( except for the solomon islands : they are most definitely not high and dry ! ) . 
  also , getting off the us means that europe can settle our own affairs , and ignore political pressure from america . 
  ttip is dying , the us pharmaceutical companies are getting weaker and do n't have the power to pressure our health services like they used to ( for they are the largest provider of medicines and medical equipment to european healthcare services , and they make very little to effectively no profit from us ) , and without nato and the uk blocking it , a common european defence force might be able to get off the ground , and be used to protect european interests within the continent , rather than the current arrangement where european national militaries are effectively used to protect american interests without the continent ( iraq and afghan are probably the accurate examples of european nations being dragged into what is predominately a us affair ) . 
  i would much rather we stayed on good terms with the us , i would much rather nato remained a dominant power ( with some reforms ) , and i would much rather there was always friendship between the us and the european states , but currently the us is too involved in our politics and our business , too nosey , and too jingoistic . 
  i would much rather things remained the way they were , but the political and cultural climate in the united states ( and to a lesser extent , the united kingdom ) , no longer allow for that . 
  with clinton , it would have been the same old same old . 
  corruption , subterfuge , the us being the field marshall haig of environmentalism ( genius and proactive on pen and paper , less so in actuality ) , intervention in foreign states that causes massive problems in other states down the line ( hitting the hornet 's nest as i call it ) ; it would have just been more of what we are used to . 
  i have yet to find something that i agree with trump on , but i think his presidency will be better for us in the grand scheme of things . 
  i highly doubt this is the rise of fascism in the us , and i highly doubt that trump pushes the button , or that he will be deposed by pence in a game of thrones/house of cards coup who will then instigate a thousand year reich or any other nonsense i have seen on this website . 
  he would n't of had shite on his car if he did n't take down the chain that keeps the cows out of his drive , the chain which every house has and has had for generations for this explicit purpose . 
  nope . 
  never seen a marriage that has worked out , and i do n't see the point . 
  if i was head over heels with a girl who did value marriage , then i would be open to the idea , but currently i have no plans to ever marry . 
  two walls , the foundations , the floor , and the sealed off cellar were built in 1215 , the remaining parts of the original build were constructed in 1795 , and the extension was built in 2007 . 
  it 's the new parts that are falling down . 
  it may have taken them years to build a house in the 1200s , but they built them to last !, 
  it 's kind of getting more common . 
  in the last few years , a lot of houses in my village have been bought by rich city folk who want to live in the villages but not commit and join the community . 
  they then bitch about how we exclude them from village events , but they 've lived here for two months and do shit like have really loud parties in the dead of night , drive through the school run at 50 in their audis , and shout at the farmer for putting a chain across their drive when the farmer drives his cattle , then shout at the farmer for driving his cattle and letting the cows shit all over that bloody audi . 
  so yeah it has definitely become more common in recent years . 
  bloody hell , i consider a tenner steep . 
  i used to get my hair cut at my old home for # 6 . 
  sounds like fun . 
  thank you !, 
  thank you , i 'm adding it to the list . 
  thanks , i 've never heard about these mountain huts before today . 
  are they typically communal , ie used by multiple parties , or rented out to groups ? 
  the pictures in that blog are incredible . 
  there 's nowhere in britain where you get vistas like that . 
  yeah we have them and they can fuck off . 
  a mate of mine went to a barbers - i do n't know why he went there : i walked past it a few days earlier and i could feel the * hipsterness * radiating off it like frost mist - anyway , they did n't have any pricing displayed ( which i thought was illegal but apparently not ) , they took about 8mm off his head with scissors , offering him things like hot towel straight shaves , coffee made from beans ground by only the finest organic cruelty free nicaraguan child labourers , probably some gluten free nut bars that are handmade by a lumberjack-looking fellow who dabbles in web design and does n't believe in latex gloves or lyeless soap , all of which he turned down . 
  at the end of the twenty minute haircut ( which would take twenty seconds with a razor ) they asked for one-thousand-eight-hundred pence ( or 18 quid , for us normies ) . 
  first and last time one of us got our hair cut in this city . 
  we usually just use bashas and bivvy bags anyway . 
  thank you !, 
  i think my mates have bitten off a bit more than they can chew . 
  the logistics of this exped are enormous !, 
  nope , this is the first they 've heard of it !, 
  none of them have done the alps before which is why we are sticking to civilised and rural areas , rather than cutting across unknown terrain . 
  thanks for the advice !, 
  thank you !, 
  sounds decent , if we start in marseille we will probably enter switzerland via lyon and geneva anyway . 
  trieste would actually make one of my mates a very happy man , because he wants to check out novigrad in croatia , and trieste would be right on the route back home . 
  we only chose venice because it is famous and the sort of thing people are told they should see ( maybe not if they 've spent the last few months trekking and reeking ) , but also because it has an international airport back to britain . 
  ` course that 'd be adding another country to the roster , which would make things more difficult . 
  we 're estimating that it will be within three months ( probably 30 days at a good pace ) , by foot and by transport , but there 's no rush and we 're doing it to enjoy the journey . 
  i can order a sandwich and ask for directions in german , but my friend is a very competent speaker and would probably be considered fluent , but in north germany . 
  we 've got no idea what the dialects in switzerland and austria are like . 
  we 've decided that we 'll be going around 2019 , so there 's lots of time to prepare . 
  like i said , we 're just spitballing the idea at the moment to see if it is feasible . 
  it 's the grandest excursion any of us have ever done , so there will be a lot of training and preparation . 
  thanks for the link , i 'll pass it on to the others !, 
  yeah they 're quite experienced . 
  the most i 've done is the brecon beacons , so we 're going up to the lake district this winter , scottish highlands next summer , pyrenees the year after , so i should be as ready for the excursion with their guidance by 2019/2020 . 
  cash exclusively , unless it was online , then you would use bitcoins .
