  effectively it is your employer who pays the tax , not you . 
  with road tax and stuff like that , most of it is payed through fuel vats , i think petrol is something like 60 % tax , but at the end of the day it 's still cheaper per litre than drinking water so i 'm not that fussed about the price of juice . 
  also we included vat in prices . 
  my mate was in america and got in a shouting match with a shop attendant because this indian bloke was saying my mate needed more than $ 1 to buy whatever it was that was displayed as being $ 1 , my scottish mate only had $ 1 and could n't understand why one dollar does n't equal one dollar , and the indian could n't understand the scotsman 's accent and vice versa , so that caused a tiff . 
  the price that is advertised includes the good 's value plus vat , so you pay what it says on the product , no hidden fees . 
  also your nation 's opposition towards taxation in general . 
  i understand why historically you have that attitude , we all understand that , but we do n't understand why that attitude has persevered today when adequate and transparent taxation is of such benefit to a nation . 
  i 've been told that you have no idea how tax money is distributed between american public services ( i.e. 
  statutory services ) unless a report is published on it . 
  here you can find everything you want ( funding , environmental reports , international activites , etc. ), 
  on everything from the police service to the ministry of defence , all through the [ gov.uk ] ( https://www.gov.uk/ ) website , which is absolutely fantastically designed and you can find anything you need , for example here is the page on [ iceland ] ( https://www.gov.uk/foreign-travel-advice/iceland ) which provides links to everything that a tourist , expat , or business owner could want . 
  maintaining these statutory services is expensive , so they have to be paid through taxation , and they are used routinely by tens of millions , so they have to be high quality ( unless it 's the nhs or the police service , then for some reason the government thinks it is okay to slash their respective budgets like mary queen of scots 's neck ) . 
  and it happens very rarely . 
  one every two to six years on average , and it 's typically accidental , like falling through a roof , being hit by a car , or contracting an infectious disease after a suspect spat in their mouth . 
  anti-russian : not very common , mostly contained to `` in soviet russia ... '' jokes . 
  there are a lot of russians living in the uk now , and if you diss russia , they 'll usually agree with you . 
  i 've never encountered any racism against russians , but a lot of people are very concerned with putin and russian nationalism . 
  anti-chinese : similar to the russians , but it is certainly much more . 
  a lot of people have the feeling that chinese are plotting something massive , and nobody likes what their government is up to . 
  as long as you are not buying electronics , toys , or textiles , chinese made goods are usually quite reliable . 
  not germany reliable , but a lot better than british made goods . 
  anti-american : probably the most common , although a lot of it is banter , unless you hear it from a soldier , then they normally hate americans with a passion because so many soldiers in my area seem to have found themselves between the taliban and a us machine gun section . 
  or on the wrong end of an a-10 . 
  most people object to the us government 's ways of doing things , re civil rights , gun control , unregulation of services , healthcare , bizarre taxation system , i could go on . 
  mostly america makes us ask each other `` why on earth do they do it like that ? 
  '' , but any actual racism against americans is very , very rare . 
  unless you are working in a charity shop in lacock and you 've just been asked for the fifth time in a single day what the price is in dollars , how the fuck am i meant to know uk/us exchange rates off the top of my head you daft bint , why do you have dollars anyway ? 
  long story short : very infrequently , infrequently , and frequently , respectively . 
  shit lol i read `` partnership '' and my brain automatically changed the first word to `` civil '' . 
  if any other britons have a looksee , we 're under gb , not uk . 
  watered down wine at four or five , also from grandma . 
  i did n't start drinking undiluted alcohol until i was about twelve . 
  we 'll laugh at you if you do the whole squatting whilst taking pictures thing , or document your day out to kidlington , but actual racism is going to be very unlikely unless you go to somewhere like luton , and nobody goes to luton . 
  it 's like the detroit of northern/western ( what are we ? ), 
  europe . 
  a few years ago i would have said that american sports do n't translate well , but american football is gaining popularity even though it has a reputation for being for weaklings ( it 's the armour ) . 
  american comedy is very hit and miss . 
  brooklyn 99 is popular , two broke girls is the spawn of satan and keeps getting new series somehow . 
  the big bang theory is popular with twelve year olds and that 's about it . 
  thanks , i 've made amendments . 
  i put seventy years because i was taught that the reunification began in 1815 , but a quick google told me that the events from 1815 was a social movement , and armed conflict did n't start for another few decades . 
  1755 lisbon earthquake . 
  measuring between 8.5 and 9 on the richter scale , it utterly annihilated the capital , killing potentially up to 100,000 people and permanently destroying portugal 's colonial ambitions . 
  afterwards , they simply could not fund reconstruction and colonial expansion at the same time . 
  also italy was stumped long before the second world war . 
  rather than being a single nation like the uk or portugal , or a coalition of states like germany , the italian peninsula consisted of multiple nations of various sizes and strengths . 
  they could n't successfully colonise the new world , africa , and asia , whilst they squabbled amongst themselves . 
  garibaldi is perhaps the most famous figure of the italian reunification , which was a series of conflicts that lasted almost thirty years and resulted in napoleon and austria being kicked out of italy , and the hegemony being dismantled in favour of a single state . 
  this nationalism would eventually take an ugly turn , but without that particularly dark piece of history we would n't have modern italy . 
  atrocities and mismanagement committed by the empire , and about the continuing atrocities and mismanagement committed by the new independent governments . 
  it 's quite interesting actually when you study an imperial nation in the 1800s and early 1900s , and then you study the independent nation in its state today , and you get the feeling that things have actually gotten worse . 
  sure people are still being imprisoned , having their hands lopped off , being enslaved , starving , tortured , famine , disease , poverty , etc. , but now it is being perpetrated by their own countrymen instead of the cruel empire from beyond the sea . 
  two of his core policies was fighting nepotism and tackling immigration . 
  to help fulfil these core policies he appointed his german wife as the secretary for ukip . 
  [ atomic kitten ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=031vkbpk5ea ), 
  i do n't think anybody knows who kerry katona is . 
  i know quite a few people who thought she was a footballer 's wag , because they got confused with eric cantona . 
  i think she was in a band once ? 
  kerry katona and jordan . 
  jordan ( katie price ) got even more notoriety because her son called somebody a cunt on live television . 
  nah , we put a stop to that in my village . 
  it only rings to summon people to church , and that 's on sunday at 0900 . 
  they wanted to ring it hourly during daylight hours like they did at times past , and we told them that we 'd commit desecration if they did that so that stopped the idea . 
  yeah , yeah guys , i do n't know if you 've seen this , but we have [ this map thing . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/6d/the_british_empire_anachronous.png ) it 's a pretty big deal in the uk . 
  yeah sorry , that 's what i 'm trying to say . 
  i 'm not bashing the system , i think it is very effective , other than what it has done for the city 's reputation abroad . 
  both are decriminalised and heavily regulated , and only in specific wards of the city . 
  if you buy some cannabis in a shop and smoke it on the streets , you 'll be arrested . 
  when my brother went to amsterdam he was sat outside an `` amsterdam coffee shop '' because the air quality inside was too poor , even for him , and the police walked silently in between the tables , staring at everybody and making sure that they had n't left the shop with any drugs . 
  i 've never heard of anybody have a problem with the police . 
  when i was young and drunk and stupid i got spooked by one and almost dropped her , and she took us to the station , fed us , and took us to my friend 's house . 
  yoghurt is very popular . 
  some brands like yakult contain modified l. casei bacteria in fermented milk . 
  delicious , and it improves the efficiency of digestions . 
  in britain yoghurt is a sweet snack , you get little pots which i have been told are very similar to what you have in america , but greek yoghurts like fage ( pronounced fie-yay , i think you call it total ) are a very popular breakfast food and are eaten with fruits and honey . 
  i like mine with blueberries , a dash of black honey , and flax seeds . 
  on the continent , more traditional yoghurts like fage are more common than the sugary sweet multipacks like m\u00fcller . 
  icelandic yoghurt is rising in popularity . 
  it 's thicker than fresh cement and contains more protein than chicken eggs ( apparently ) , perfect for surviving long winters with no sunlight . 
  whether or not your yoghurt is real is unknown to me , but the sugary sweet packs of yoghurt that terry loves are are usually considered special treats for children rather than part of an adult diet . 
  oh that 's an interesting development . 
  that has n't been reported at all over here . 
  all we are hearing is rhetoric that a uk-us trade deal was `` imminent '' , like these things can be established over tea and sponge . 
  i think the canadian-eu trade deal is on year seven of negotiations now ? 
  i 've got a good story about this exact thing : every christmas i stay with my mates who are french , and their father works for the bbc and used to work in new hampshire . 
  two years back , some friends he made in new hampshire came over because they were visiting family in england for a british christmas and new year and realised that this country can be driven across in less than five hours so they came to visit , and my friend 's father broke out the platter of french cheeses . 
  if you 've ever seen a french cheese then you know that the french do n't have much of a problem with eating mould ( and they say our cuisine is foul , i kid of course ) . 
  the poor americans had somehow never eaten cheese made from unpasteurised milk and live bacterial cultures in their entire lives !, 
  the cheese went right through them and the poor guys spent the rest of the evening in the loo because their bodies had no idea what to do with the sudden influx of bacteria , mould , and raw buttermilk . 
  mind you it could have just been the smell ; some of those cheeses should be bound by european emissions regulations . 
  now that we are on our way out of the eu , i 'm making a joke that we will start getting imitation produce instead of the real thing . 
  in the eu , shipping ham from belarus cost the same as shipping local honker for the consumer , because that # 350,000,000 per week eu tax/payment enabled that . 
  costs of premium belarussian ham will skyrocket when we leave the eu , so i am jesting that belarussian-style ham from america made by a guy who was never been to belarus will be a cheaper import than the real thing , because the us lacks pdo laws so they quite happily make their cheddar-style cheese and will gleefully sell it to the united kingdom because they currently can not do so . 
  the uk is a massive untapped market for american `` champagne '' , `` gruy\u00e8re '' , and `` jam\u00f3n ib\u00e9rico '' , manufactured in california , wisconsin , and north carolina respectively , so the moment we are no longer bound by eu pdo we can import that stuff and you can export that stuff without legal issue , provided that your exports stick a label on that contains the actual ingredients and not what the manufacturer is willing to disclose ( relevant because many us imports such as breakfast cereals are censored , to prevent the british public from being influenced by false health claims that the us allows . 
  a box of lucky charms looks like a tommy 's letter home from the eastern front ), 
  is it that time of the day already ? 
  oh great , we 're going to start getting parmigiano that was made in a sweatshop now . 
  real cheese includes milk ( unpasteurised is considered better ) and butterfat ( basically the cream from the top of the milk all scooped off and added later ) , a pinch of bacteria , and some type of acid ( usually rennet ) .
