  it is then aged , which involves leaving the cheese in a dark , cool environment with a constant humidity for a while . 
  in my personal opinion , the longer the better . 
  i had some ten year old cheddar a few years back and that thing chewed itself : it was like eating the distilled psychic essence of an orgasm . 
  if it needs flavouring , preservatives , colours , and is made in a sterile environment , then it is most definitely not cheese . 
  xenophobia has exploded since the referendum . 
  i got told to go back to poland when i was in bristol a few days back . 
  bristol is one of the most cosmopolitan and diverse cities in the uk , and i 'm not even polish . 
  i shit you not , we call it the hole in the wall . 
  most leavers i spoke to were unhappy with the political power of the eu . 
  their perspective was that britain signed up for the european economic community ( the single market ) , not the eu parliament and all that . 
  although the eec does n't exist anymore . 
  there is only the eu . 
  [ this . 
  ] ( http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/624/media/images/71534000/jpg/_71534082_350632.jpg ), 
  the netherlands is a good choice . 
  most speak english fluently , german and french are spoken there too , it 's a highly developed but relatively unindustrialised nation ( by british standards ) so the scenery is gorgeous , and it 's not too far for trips back to blighty to see the famalam . 
  plus if you are tall , you wo n't get people asking you what the weather is like up there , and you wo n't get a bad back from public transport because the seats are not designed for midgets . 
  no but our lecturer told him he hates him , right to his face . 
  i reckon that hurt more than getting dropped . 
  our lecturer voted leave too , but his reason was n't retarded . 
  some of the twelve year olds at the school i work with are more clued up on what the eu is than most fifty pluses i have met . 
  a kid on my course voted to leave because he wanted to see the chaos . 
  that 's it . 
  that 's the reason he gave . 
  `` i voted brexit for the chaos it would make '' . 
  he thinks he 's the fucking joker or something but really he 's a fucking mong . 
  that 's the worst fucking reason for anything i 've ever heard , cutting your foot off because you have a verruca would be more reasonable . 
  i think britain is the only country where you can get away with saying the phrase `` i hate old people '' . 
  there are just so many of them , and they can be so mean . 
  i 've had coffin dodgers grimace because i had to sit next to them on the bus , my friend got racially insulted by a complete stranger because he got too close to him in tesco 's , i had one scream at me because i parked my prolemobile next to her bmw , like she ruled the fucking wickes car park or something . 
  nearly everybody has a story about how a gomer has treated them like they are less than human . 
  this country is n't going to move forwards until we start filling graveyards . 
  do n't the colours on your flag represent the catholics and the protestants and the peace between them though ? 
  your flag lies . 
  we have an honest flag ; you see the english , scots , and the northern irish get along perfectly . 
  a lot of `` their '' words are in english , i remember a french kid asking me '' * how do you say , `` fa\u00e7ade '' ? 
  * '' i just said `` facade '' . 
  i reckon that if somebody carefully wrote the script , an english speaker and an x speaker ( most likely french , i think most of our stolen words are theirs ) could understand what the other was saying , even if they had zero understanding of the other 's language . 
  saying i am british is easier than saying i 'm english , irish , afrikaner , and breton . 
  i 've never been to ireland or south africa , and went to brittany ( breizh , sorry gran ! ), 
  only three times . 
  although my irish grandmother would say that the irish are not british ( no idea if this is actually the case ) so i do n't know . 
  my breton grandmother would explain that she was `` a french celt , a kin of the irish , scots , and cornish , who crossed the channel and stayed '' . 
  she would usually end that sentence with either `` stayed for the weather '' , `` stayed for the food '' , or `` stayed because there were no englishmen '' . 
  either blacks or just british . 
  nothing too special . 
  i call my mate a chocco , but that 's just us . 
  in britain at least , there is no singular national holiday or remembrance day for d-day , or any world war commemorating event really . 
  v-e day is only a bank holiday . 
  battle of britain sunday is mostly a religious affair . 
  it is far more common for individual towns , villages , and cities to hold a small ceremony for the dead from that settlement , and that occurs across the uk . 
  the united kingdom has some of the strictest hate speech laws in the world ( note : the laws in northern ireland and scotland are somewhat different than the laws in england and wales ) . 
  in the us , you could quite happily stand on the street corner and espouse whatever you want , and people do . 
  if they attempted to do that in the uk , they would be arrested immediately . 
  some groups are even banned from entering the uk because of their beliefs that they have demonstrated outside of the uk , members of the westboro baptist church and a few imams are amongst these people . 
  donald trump is also on the list of people who might find themselves banned from the uk , which certainly would not be very good for uk-us relations if trump manages to secure the presidency . 
  the public order act of 1986 forbids inciting and expressing racial and sexual hatred . 
  one might argue that using words such as `` nigger '' , `` chink '' , and `` faggot '' is criminal , but really it one of those flexible areas of the law where the police are only interested if you are using it to incite public disorder , i.e. 
  riots , pogroms , racial hatred , etc. . 
  if you stand on a street corner and you say to your mate `` wogs are ruining this country '' , and an officer hears it , they will have a chat with you about that sort of language , but that is it : it is a conversation man to man , not constable to suspect . 
  if you stand on the corner and shout `` vote to leave so wogs ca n't steal our jobs ! '', 
  then you can be arrested , because you are using blacks as a scapegoat for unemployment and lack of education so you can persuade people to use their voting power to leave the eu based entirely on racial reasons , which is not what the referendum is about ( unfortunately it is for some people ) . 
  unless it is especially severe , hate speech is a civil offence : that means it is handled by a triumvirate of magistrates , no jury , the longest custodial sentence is six months , and the highest fine is # 5,000 . 
  i am in favour of this legislation , especially after the latest amendment that removed the condition that the speech had to be insulting , because prior to that you could hypothetically have somebody arrested for calling you a willy , and that is just nonsense . 
  freedom of speech is a very nice aspect of democracy , but it is dangerous : a large scale operation to sway public opinion would severely harm the outcomes of any election , and the future of this country as a cosmopolitan and multicultural hub of international trade and commerce . 
  a right such as freedom of speech can not exist without regulation , it is simply too risky . 
  no nation wants violence on its streets , and we have had that happen time and time again throughout our history . 
  funnily enough they wear a type of vest we also call a [ wife beater ] ( http://i259.photobucket.com/albums/hh319/contour66/wifebeater.jpg ) ( or just a beater ) , usually with something like `` suns out , guns out '' written on it . 
  so wife beaters drink wife beater whist wear wife beaters . 
  they 're so busy drinking wife beater and wearing wife beaters , i wonder if they actually ever get their time to be a wife beater . 
  that 's an important date then !, 
  stella artois is the preferred beverage of the british wife beater . 
  i see children wearing them a lot , but nobody else . 
   * come and smile do n't be shy *  * touch my bum this is life . 
   * we are the cheeky girls *  * we are the cheeky girls *  * you are the cheeky boys *  * you are the cheeky boys * i 've managed to keep that out of my head for fourteen years and now it 's back in there . 
  i hope you are happy , you bastard . 
  nah , we got bombed nightly for the better part of a year during wwii , then we had the ira bombing bus stops and train stations until the 1990s , now it 's wahhabi terrorism . 
  it 's nothing new for us . 
  bring it on , daesh , we 'll survive you too . 
  that ca n't be all of them . 
   can you think of a single area in the past 30 years that america has intervened in and made things better ? 
  maybe bosnia . 
  i mean it was an utter shitshow with atrocities committed by all sides and reprehensible negligence and incompetence from the un , but i think it would have been far worse and dragged on for far longer without us assistance and r&d . for example , the us-developed jdam package enabled all gravity bombs ( a technology that had barely developed since wwii ) to be outfitted with a simple guidance system that massively improved the accuracy of the weapons , and the feasibility of precision strikes without specialised weapons systems , which allowed nato to eliminate hostile positions with minimal collateral damage ( compared to the gravity bombs ) on their restrictive operational budget . 
  this greatly reduced collateral damage and civilian casualties towards the end of the war . 
  i think you 'd be a liberal democrat . 
  they are our pro-eu/better ties with the eu party . 
  we consider them to be centre/left , roughly in-between labour and conservatives , but generally leaning closer towards labour . 
  i actually rather liked 8.1 , once i delete all the ads and the apps i was never going to use from the start menu ( sorry , * windows * menu ) . 
  i hate lists of things , and having them arranged in large tiles sorted by my own criteria was very pleasant for me . 
  i 'm having more trouble with windows 10 . 
  bloody settings is just control panel with a different face , and when you manage to navigate through it takes you to the exact same place in the nearly identical programme , control panel . 
  like , what 's the point of that ? 
  when you say `` give out '' , do you mean the school actually gives the ipad to the student to keep , or just to use during the school day . 
  laptops available to students is a basic educational requirement in the uk in secondary school ( ages 12 to 16 ) , and some schools do have ipads and tablets that run windows 8.1 for students to use , but you do n't get to keep them . 
  `` i 'm canadian '' . 
  i love how that you can still tell that this photo is from britain , because of how grey the plant life is . 
  you can tell that is from a country that does not have a surplus of sunlight . 
  i remember when the 99 was 99p . 
  now it 's fucking # 1.72 or something . 
  until we have a military that is capable of fulfilling the us 's duties in europe , no i do not agree with trump .
