  currently the us is the security guard with the big stick that keeps glaring at russia : whether or not the security guard will do anything if russia causes trouble is unknown , but nobody - including russia - wants to find out . 
  most negotiations are clandestine for this very reason . 
  say the first draft of the ttip included consumer advertising of medicines , and our politicians said `` no '' immediately . 
  if that information was released , the media would cry out that the ttip would allow us medical companies to advertise drugs directly to consumers , even though that is ( for the purpose of this example ) incorrect and was vetoed before it reached the first committee stage . 
  the reason it is kept secret is because it would only take one politician to jot down some stupid policy or note to tank the entire thing . 
  imagine if during the czech republic 's negotiations to join the eu , a french mep said `` are we really going to let slavs join the eu ? '' . 
  imagine the public outcry , the conflict , and the condemnation the eu would face because of one imbecile . 
  it is kept secret so everything can be negotiated without the media causing a massive controversy that could cause irrepairable damage , and the racist can be quietly dismissed from the committee , probably even fired , without the massive backlash that would threaten the negotiations . 
  we can only hope that the ttip is entirely benevolent , but if it was n't kept secret then a stupid draft policy that was never going to work like my earlier example , could threaten all the good that would come with the ttip . 
  i do n't like the secrecy either , but i understand why it is secret . 
  would you consider porridge to be a warm cereal ? 
  technically it is a cereal , but i and i think most people consider porridge to be porridge . 
  [ peace ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cd/churchill_v_sign_hu_55521.jpg ) [ piss off ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/83/uwot.jpg ), 
  london is effectively the economic capital of the eu and the commonwealth , so if you work in finance then that 's a bloody gold mine . 
  germany is unmatched in its industrial output ; all of the major manufactories are there , and if london is n't the financial capital of the eu then frankfurt is , as it is home to the european central bank . 
  germany is ripe with investment opportunities , and the majority of the population are fluent in english , plus there are a lot of americans there already ( mostly military families ) . 
  i 'd recommend germany over london , because london is a golden shit : it looks nice and is worth a lot , but at the end of the day a shit is a shit . 
  as a white american you would probably fit into britain better than anywhere else in the eu . 
  unless you work in finance , i would avoid london . 
  what industry do you work in if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  rabbits , muntjac deer , hedgehogs , badgers , foxes , pheasants , and hares . 
  at least i presume they live here , i have n't seen any alive and walking about . 
  they 've all been lying on the side of a road , mostly pheasants . 
  yeah knowing the language makes things a bit easier . 
  the whole `` very closed to immigrants '' thing really depends on your skin colour , and specifically which part of the nation you are moving to . 
  for the most part , the uk is very welcoming , but some parts are easier to fit into than others . 
  we 've got one in the concept stage . 
  http://www.thenewfederalist.eu/a-single-european-army-instead-of-28-national-militaries by concept stage i mean some politicians are throwing the idea about . 
  it 's the extreme concept stage . 
  a massive factor that many of my fellow britons have forgotten is that from this month , non-eu citizens will need to earn in excess of # 35,000 per annum in order to become a uk citizen , or work and live in the uk for more than five years . 
  exactly , also both nations have a proud military history and have attempted to invade europe thousands of times . 
  enforcing their language as the official language could be seen as an attempt of conquest . 
  i 'm not endorsing that everybody is mandated to use esperanto ; it 'll just be the language of the government , like latin is in the catholic church . 
  all the writing and talking in official meetings is done in latin , but outside of those official environments they speak in their native languages . 
  having an official secondary language that they all know means they do n't need translators , and it means that the people who need to understand a document ( such as a bill ) wo n't mistranslate it and get a completely different law . 
  yeah i 'm for it . 
  not in our present state of course , i think britain should go full schengen , invest heavily in foreign languages ( language education in this country is awful ) , and then we can go and take jobs outside of the uk . 
  a major reason why we have a very one-sided workers migration is because only a tiny percentage of the british population are competent speakers of foreign languages ; we ca n't leave to take job opportunities in economic powers like germany or france , because we do n't speak the languages . 
  we have a dreadful attitude in this country where we believe that as they learn our language , we should n't need to learn theirs . 
  of course a united states of europe ( i think i prefer european federation ) would have massive issues with languages , so we need to agree on an official language . 
  i vote esperanto , as it is ( allegedly ) very easy to pick up , and as an artificial language it has both the most speakers of all artificial languages and also it is not associated with any particular state . 
  they 're a bit trigger happy . 
  barclays have locked my card before because i used it in monmouth , which is only about sixty miles away from where i live . 
  i might have left england but i was still in the uk . 
  i do n't get a warning with barlcays ( but then i do n't have mobile banking set up ) . 
  i do n't know what that is . 
  it 's called glocalisation : adapting global consumer demands to local desires . 
  the classic example is the maharajah big mac ; because cows are holy animals in the hindu faith , the maharajah big mac is made with chicken , rather than beef . 
  macca 's are providing a global service , whilst attempting to accommodate local traditions and tastes . 
  i 'm surprised purple aki turned up there . 
  i thought he was very much an english legend . 
  `` eat your tea , or purple aki will get you '' as my friend 's father always says . 
  heracles is another one that appears in nearly every culture . 
  he 's cu cuchlainn in ireland , he 's hildebrand in germany , and something else in pretty much every country . 
  you think he 's a greek hero , but nope . 
  he 's something of a trans-european legend for some reason . 
  legs are a good method of transport , i expect you have a pair . 
  when you are on foot , you see everything that you would miss from taking the subway/metro , and you are not lugging a bicycle everywhere when you need to dismount . 
  i 'd say give buses a miss ; many european capitals have problems with congestion , and some bus services can be extortionate . 
  i 've never been on a tram , so i do n't know what to expect from them , but i have heard good things about the myriad of european tram services . 
  a gap year in the british education system involves going to spain , greece , or ( if you have money ) thailand , where you spend your days poisoning your liver , getting stis , and maybe taking part in the active civil war ( again , if you have the money to go to thailand ) . 
  my mate went on what he called a pilgrimage , rather than on a gap year . 
  the same concept , but instead of getting pissed in shagaluf and humping whores in prague , he did humanitarian work for the un in africa ( sierra leone or liberia until the ebola crisis when he was neo 'd back to england , and then one of the sudans ) . 
  he also did something called the rickshaw run which is where you cross india in a tuktuk for charity . 
  sounds a lot more fun to me than getting pissed constantly and getting bent over the dustbins outside a cypriot nightclub by a shifty yemeni businessman who has a body double on speed dial . 
  probably scotland , germany , or one of the fennoscandinavian nations . 
  denmark is n't too far . 
  tesco is a multinational corporation : [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tesco_international_operations ), 
  and a better postal service too . 
  i 'm all right with it . 
  i ca n't blame them for fleeing their country , and i ca n't blame them for using their freedom of movement to settle in a country with a stronger economy so they would make more money . 
  it 's exactly what i would be doing if i were in their situation . 
  i have honestly never met a single christian who is under the age of fifty five in all the twenty years of my life , and i live in a very conservative village . 
  even then , they do n't talk to you about it . 
  religion is a private matter in the uk . 
  myself and millions of other britons are technically anglican christians because we were baptised , but that 's more of a cultural tradition rather than a religious one , and i think the sole motivation my parents had for baptising me was more presents . 
  a lot of the problems the uk has with measuring the population of religious denominations is that during the census , a lot of people wrote that they were anglican when in fact they were atheist or agnostic or something else , merely because they had been baptised . 
  i 've met a lot of hindus and sikhs , but they do n't talk about it . 
  the only reason i know is by their dress . 
  i 've never met a jew , but then if they do n't talk about it either then i would n't know if i had met one . 
  the only people who do talk about their religion are pagans . 
  they are mostly seventeen year old girls who dress like they are going to woodstock when in fact they are running errands for their parents . 
  you can normally smell them coming as well ; cannabis clings to them like shit to a hound . 
  i 'd sooner not need to copy and paste entire paragraphs into an online thesaurus . 
  besides , that shit is written for lawyers , by lawyers . 
  they make it sound ridiculously complicated so people think that their jobs are hard and its worth paying them # 200 an hour , when all they do it try to make the court prove that the defendant is guilty beyond reasonable doubt by providing enough admissible evidence , and act as mediators for the division of children , high monetary value and sentimental assets between parties in complex separation cases between spouses who have come to loathe and resent each other . 
  like , who needs that !, 
  cps.gov.uk and gov.uk provide all of the necessary details ( exceptions , sentencing and orders , mandatory sentencing and orders , recommended sentencing and orders , introduction into bills , legislation , acts , royal assent , mps , current opinion , etc. 
  ) , but in layman 's terms , so anybody can understand it , and that 's the point . 
  people of all age groups , levels of intelligence , levels of education , and levels of ability will be using that website , so it has to be user friendly for all individuals . 
  recently ( i.e : within ten years ) the law changed so that all state-run institutions have to accommodate special needs and disabilities . 
  i remember watching wheelchair access being built into every building in my school , and an elevator being constructed . 
  that legislation also extends to information resources such as websites , so they have to be user friendly to the extend that they are comprehensible to people with severe learning disabilities . 
  i do n't know if it counts but i ordered a pepsi and got coke . 
  i went to school with a romanian and a hungarian . 
  good fucking god they hated each other . 
  the hungarian thought the romanian was a superstitious pagan barbarian idiot because she was a firm believer in werewolves , vampires , and all manners of supernatural beasties that are used in folk faerytales to put the spook in bad children , and she thought the hungarian was a didactic iconoclast who is the product of an authoritarian regime . 
  funnily enough it was revealed that the hungarian grew up in romania , and they were both filled with stories about how crazy that part of the world can be . 
  rampant poverty , gypsies that behave more like huns than travellers , bandits , actual witchcraft and pagan cults that live in the forests , it 's all a very strange part of the world . 
  i 'm fairly sure that they were pulling our legs , but it was the only thing they ever agreed on .
