  i 'd say the precise point of the divide is in the early forties age group : anybody born after '75 might as well have been born in a different country . 
  in a sense , they were . 
  yes well most historians agree with the post-mortem character assassination of marshall haig . 
  `` lions lead by donkeys '' is the phrase that comes to mind when i remember my lessons on the somme . 
  language : english moon : europa continent : europe, 
  you are now a moderator of / r/polyang, 
  we just avoid the ich bin , ihr seid , sie sind , etc. , and verb suffixes , like trinke , trinkst , and trinkt , because we 're not very good at them and using them wrong will reinforce that bad habit , so we 'd just say `` he trink * ed * mein kaffe '' . 
  flooding . 
  goose is the big bird of choice here , not turkey . 
  the only turkey products that are sold in my area that i know of is bernard matthew 's . 
  probably german ( or rather our bastard creole of english and german ) because my friend and i use it when we want to speak in private in a public place , but we use english for verb conjugation . 
  somehow my brain automatically translated `` wat zei je over mijn taal , jij kleine klootzak '' and i do n't speak a lick of dutch . 
  i knew what it was going to be before i read it . 
  fox news bullshit . 
  i remember when they said birmingham was a no go area and that caused a slight diplomatic incident . 
  iirc somebody in hmg wanted to sue fox for slander , but i do n't know what happened to that . 
  besides , fox meant luton anyway . 
  water with a lot of salts in it ( magnesium , calcium , etc. , not salts like table salt ) is hard water , whereas water with little salts in it is soft water . 
  it depends on the geography of the region . 
  hard water is better for you because it contains minerals that your body needs , like calcium , but it is more difficult to clean with because these minerals prevent a large lather from forming if you are washing yourself , some plates , or clothes . 
  personally i prefer using hard water for cleaning too because i fucking hate having everything covered in bubbles . 
  only downside to hard water is that limescale ( calcium carbonate ) builds up very quickly in kettles , which you just do n't get with soft water . 
  having all these minerals in the water changes the taste and texture of the tea , and they build up in your kettle which then needs to be descaled which makes your tea taste like the waters of ypres for a few weeks . 
  hard water = best water . 
  no , and despite living in a village with a very conservative and elderly population , i do n't know anybody who does . 
  i know a lot of gurkhas that have hindu shrines in their homes though . 
  ] ( http://i4.mirror.co.uk/incoming/article1858257.ece/alternates/s615/ed-balls.jpg ) every 28 ^ th of april , we celebrate ed balls day by posting `` ed balls '' . 
  older people do that two kisses thing , but it really is n't common anymore . 
  i think it 's often done as a joke now . 
  yes definitely , and god forbid you have already spoken to them for more than thirty seconds because they will treat you like a long lost friend . 
  poland 's business is poland 's business . 
  however , when they joined the eu , they subscribed to the european convention on human rights . 
  whilst the council of europe and the european union are separate institutions , the echr is a fundamental part of the european union , and the fact that women in poland can find their personal freedoms being breached by such a law makes the silence from the eu all the more troubling . 
  i like the eu 's hands-off approach when it comes to domestic policy and lawmaking , but i do wish the eu had more power and more influence over such matters . 
  this is a very conscientious issue that could cause a lot of tension between eu member states and their citizens , and that is exactly the sort of thing the eu was founded to avoid . 
  if the law is passed and abortion in poland is outlawed , then we could see the same sort of abortion tourism that occurred between ireland and the uk back in the late 1900s . 
  if poland begins to arrest these women for having abortions in a foreign country then things could turn very nasty indeed . 
  yeah , but i really do not think it is something that should be rushed through and create the state artificially . 
  it should evolve gradually over time . 
  and a cowboy hat is more fuel efficient than a beanie or a peaked cap . 
  is that patrick warburton 's voice ? 
  i 'm not a jazz person so it 's not my area , but i 've heard `` black jazz '' being used to describe the original jazz from the southern us and modern jazz from the same region , but there 's a gap in the middle where jazz increased in popularity and reached international audiences , and that 's not considered black jazz . 
  as far as i can tell , it 's only black jazz because it 's written by and played by black people from the area that jazz originated from , rather than some pasty nerd from connecticut who goes to an ivy league uni and is convinced he 'll be the next big thing in jazz . 
  it 's probably just one of those `` un-pc '' european terms , rather than any actual genre . 
  it 's not what they are , it 's the way they say it . 
  i 'm british , but i have 1/4 south african , 1/4 breton , 1/4 irish , and 1/4 english ancestry , but i do not subscribe to those cultures . 
  if anybody of one of those races ( and we will use a very flexible definition of `` race '' here ) came up to me and says , `` i 'm [ * x race * ] '' , i would simply say `` i am british '' . 
  that 's all they need to know , and that 's all they care to know . 
  i 'm not part of any of those cultures ; i do n't remember any breton , the only afrikaans i know are swear words and phrases i have picked up from my distant family , my irish grandmother grew up in manchester , and i live in england but culturally i am british ( which is very heavily influenced by english culture but it is distinct ) . 
  however you get americans - and i know this is not a stereotype because i have personally had a few of these interactions - who feel the necessity to tell you of their ancestry , what 's more some of them do claim to be a member of that racial/national identity , rather than a diluted part of that identity ( a mongrel , so to speak ) . 
  for example , a common trope is that americans who are 1/4 , 1/8 , or even less than 1/16 irish claim to be irish in race , heritage , and even culture , when everybody else agrees they are simply an american with 1 / * x * irish ancestry . 
  the largest reason why a lot of us get angry is because many americans make it seem so disrespectful ; many claim to be italian , german , or french , but do n't speak the language . 
  they do n't know what part of those countries their families are from , and if they do it 's unlikely they can point to those regions on a map . 
  the british especially have a rough history with americans claiming to understand foreign issues because of a shared heritage that diverged centuries ago . 
  perhaps the most notable contemporary case was ancestrally irish communities in massachusetts that raised monies and smuggled weapons for the provisional ira , money that was used to fund terrorism and weapons that were used to kill innocents both in ireland and in britain . 
  as you can imagine , that ticked off both the british and the irish . 
  not really . 
  black jazz is popular , and modern stuff from places like louisiana is increasing in popularity . 
  i think that is perhaps the nicest way i have ever heard that said . 
  does n't really matter to me , as long as it is an effective government . 
  tbf we do have the most surveillance of any country in the world , but the vast majority of people do n't give a shit . 
  besides , i highly doubt most of the cameras are even on , or that anybody is watching . 
  we found hahnemann 's reddit account !, 
  is feck the same as fuck ? 
  little irish girl goes to the school i work at and she got a bollocking for using it , but i heard feck is something completely different ? 
  i think i heard him say it was called wotacism . 
  if you did n't say that was in france , i would have thought it was rebuilt by labourers from the other side of berlin . 
  in the pictures i 'm looking at , it looks very soviet . 
  it 's mostly family based , but as i understand it they can be caused by pretty much anything . 
  the romani are n't big on the whole `` forgive and forget '' thing , and they like to keep things in the clan/family , so they 'll want to solve their own problems rather than outsource it to the police ( asking for assistance outside of the family structure is considered shameful . 
  even though i 've got an it qualification , i 'm always the last person to be asked for help with technology because they can not offend grandma by asking the gorji before her ) . 
  anything can kick off a feud : from murder to bickering over who is the best footballer . 
  if they do n't manage the situation then it can escalate into open war . 
  some feuds have lasted for centuries , and nobody remembers why they hate each other , only that they do . 
  as to why they have a rivalry with the other clan in the area , i can not say for certain . 
  that feud is truly ancient . 
  however the clan i am chummy with has integrated with our society , and live in either houses or in static caravans on meadows they own , and maintain the land they live on and are almost indistinguishable from ordinary britons ( if they did n't start babbling away in their incomprehensible language or share a last name in a double-barrelled name ) . 
  for the most part they just want to get along with their lives . 
  the other clan , the nasty one , has also integrated with our society , but rather than living alongside us they exploit us . 
  they control all drugs in the area . 
  if you want a bit of weed , it 's going to be dry weed mixed with cheap baccy , and it 's going to be twice as expensive as the sort of thing you 'd be able to buy anywhere else . 
  we call them a mafia and take the piss out of them , but really they are no joke . 
  people have died or vanished off the face of the earth , and nobody knows why but they all have had connections to this clan . 
  the police do fuck all , as you 'd expect in a rural area ( hot fuzz hit the nail on the head , but that 's unsurprising considering that simon pegg is from just up the road ) , and every time somebody gets mugged it 's the work of drunks , not an attack . 
  i was attacked by a pair of the bastards in an attack outside ` spoons when i was sixteen . 
  i told the police the names of the people who attacked me , that we had been to the same school ( one of them was in my tutor group !, 
  ) , and that i was attacked because i was associated with a rival clan that these guys had a blood feud with . 
  ` course the police did n't believe me that it was a premeditated attack because i `` was friends with the wrong people '' and berated me for drinking underage . 
  despite giving them all the evidence i could , and them taking cctv evidence from the argos staff car park , the only person who was arrested was the bartender in ` spoons for not checking ids . 
  this was back in 2012 , i 've had better experiences with the police regarding gypsies since then , but that incident in particular left a sour taste in my mouth . 
  i 'm in a tough position because as far as half of the gypsies in my area are concerned , i 'm chummy with the wrong gypsies . 
  i accidently exposed myself to a clan feud spanning generations when i made mates with some kids on the school bus . 
  over the last ten years i 've actually been physically assaulted on several occasions ( three i think , i certainly remember two ) because i 'm a gorji ( i think that 's how it is spelled , that 's us house-dwellers by the way ) who is in with their rival clan . 
  yeah i 've got friends who are gypsies and i like them very much , i like their families very much too . 
  and then there are gypsies that i hate . 
  i do n't hate them because they are gypsies , i hate them because they are violent , drug-dealing scum . 
  i still do n't understand the petty internecine conflict between roma clans . 
  it 's like a model middle east . 
  city folk be like `` are gypsies really so bad ? '', 
  yes .
