great news . 
  this is what should have been keep doing and make it clear that anyone who come overland will get sent back to a warzone . 
  if we can no longer control who comes to germany then we simple should admit that we are no longer a country because country have borders, 
  thank you . 
  we were actual thinking of something similar to move to a smaller town in sachsen and find work in dresden . 
  i like the idea of quiet since we have always live in berlin and do n't really take advantage of `` kultur '' things and mostly just stay at home or go to smaller bars and restaurant that can be anywhere . 
  i am actually thinking now that we could move to small town in czech republic near the border which is a possible commute to dresden so i can have access to work ( and not worry immediately about language ) while living in a country with more stable policy so my family feels secure . 
  if anyone leaves to go be with those demons they should not be allowed back . 
  i do n't care if they are german original or immigrant background if you choose to go to do such things you should be left and hopeful get hit by russian missile, 
  national sovereignty, 
  i like how you are voting with your wallet . 
  i am a german and will try to boycott german products because this is all so unacceptable . 
  if v4 leaves eu do you mind if a young german family comes ? 
  i rather not every scandinavia country get ruin . 
  denmark has been smart and strict with asylum and sweden has not said no more so they should be keeping them . 
  lol i love eastern european people still have sense of humor without worry and stand up for what they want for their country with no taboo . 
  the burger looks good too  ), 
  wow that 's beautiful how far north in norway is this ? 
   not really . 
  it might 've been the straw that broke the camel 's back , but the eastern bloc was already collapsing , and without that it would never have happened . 
  hell , the hungarian border had been open for months already . 
  this is true . 
  it was a combination of factor . 
   in a similar manner , pegida has no chance either . 
  the social conditions are not right for them to have one . 
  which you should probably be happy about , considering what those social conditions would have to be . 
  which is why since i for soon will have child i have to treat germany like a dead friend and move on i guess which is unfortunately for me because i am a patriot . 
  i will continue to attend when i can but me and my girlfriend who is expecting are looking to go to switzerland or czech republic . 
  i would go to hungary but i ca n't learn such a language . 
  we live in germany , one of the richest countrys in the world , there are no classes . 
  there are people who studied and ones who made a apprenticeship . 
  there is of course . 
  ddr never accomplish classless society haha . 
  we have poor and rich and every in between like any other europe country  of course german citizens have priority , like at the job market , that was the law since a long time , so i don \u00b4 t know what \u00b4 s all the fuzz about . 
  i just hear half truth , fail information and polemic stuff from people who are with pegida . 
  they don \u00b4 t seem to bother looking stuff up and believe every lie they get told . 
  what about our wants ? 
  we never ask our country to be transformed into place that is only german in name, 
  i do n't live in dresden or out there . 
  i am in berlin . 
  these policies of anybody can come , 800000 1milliom and more . 
  i do n't think you understand that living somewhere is also about culture and comfort . 
  it is starting to not feel like germany . 
  we never sign for this . 
  the change displease me . 
  the increase of people that have nothing in common displease me . 
  even i am steady employed now but i go home and it is not home as much because home is germany and german . 
  politician come to pegida to tell to deal with it and this is how it is . 
  we want flow stopped . 
  we want deport in large numbers . 
  we want life return to normalcy . 
  well if you feel like stranger that is ok i am sorry but i have always been here and ancestors been here for 1000s of years through the kaiser , hitler , communism etc so i am not new . 
  this is new and for honest unwanted . 
   reading your words one can literally sense your fear . 
  well it is not fear much as loss . 
  i am a german and have always been a german ( except for some polish ancestor ) and increasing i feel like a stranger in germany . 
   i do n't want to look down on you ( and i do n't ) but if you seriously try to argue that pegida is n't right-wing then you make it really hard for me to value your opinion as something based on reality . 
  pegida is extremely right-wing and the people who go these demonstrations live out an unhealthy mix of fear and hatred . 
  if you are define ` right ' as national socialist or similar that is incorrect . 
  yes some npd people are there but some like most of my family and friend is normal centrist left people not hateful have left social values but simply like germany as it is and were never asked about this and never want this to happen to our country . 
   you yourself have a responsibility for your own betterment like we all do . 
  yes and my family  everywhere in germany will you find a chance to do that but you need to `` advance yourself '' and looking down on refugees or trying to make the rest of us `` count '' in orders of worthiness is simply not the proper way . 
  i do n't understanding what you mean by all this . 
  i am german . 
  i want to live in germany with german people who speak german and not feel like i am on holiday in a foreign country when i go outside . 
  i am having child and i do n't want him or her to be only person in their class that is not of background from middle east and africa  good luck to you wherever you may go but with an attitude like that i wo n't miss you . 
  i do n't know you to miss you, 
  pegida is not radical right at all . 
  there is some right wing people and some left wing people who want their society to stay as is and that is valid want . 
  i know about where i live thank you for insulting me i know that people like you like to look down on anyone who is n't ` artist ' in altbau with scarf on . 
  apparently working class german is less worth to you , and in my opinion german citizen of any ethnicity ( turk , pole etc ) have more worth in germany than foreigner and needs take priority . 
  it is not my fault what is happening in the world . 
  i would be more willing for help if it is more manageable but i never volunteer for my lifestyle to be changed as charity, 
   and did people who are not participating in pegida ask for this to come and you changing our country , no . 
  well if you support policies of this governing and before that then you did ask . 
  pegida is not something for fun , most people rather be at home . 
  it is a reaction to policies that change our societies that we have no consulting on . 
  maybe people in the west want this but not east . 
  we are seeing change we do n't like and feel like strangers in our own country  and if you call for rights to offend politicians , the press , the left and refugees do n't be surprised if people offend you . 
  i am not offend . 
  i support freedom , but it is foolish of authorities to disregard protests instead of addressing concerns that are valid . 
  all that does is create hopelessness in community and lead people to do radical things . 
  if britain does not want to stay than they have a choice and if i was a british i might want to exit but i am afraid if they go then there will be nobody stopping from becoming us of europe so i wish they 'd stay and help change it but i understand they have do to what is best for britain and not for all of europe . 
  i think less outrage at bad joke and more outrage at the fact that lots of citizens feel gigantic frustrations and no one is listening to them is more appropriate, 
  i think should be more outrage that people feeling so desperate to go to this ways . 
  communist government was disgusted by protest too !, 
  you may not like pegida and this is fine we do n't like lots ( i have go to b\u00c4rgida few times ) but we have rights just like you and deserve respecting of these rights . 
  we never ask for this to come and change our country !, 
  i think poland would be smart to retain its independence . 
  join european exchange mechanism but do n't take euro that way you control your own destiny !, 
  you say pegida like is a bad thing . 
  it is popular protesting that brought down the wall if you are remember . 
  my quality of life already suffer . 
  i live near refugee `` camp '' and my street and area ( berlin-hellersdorf ) is changed in bad way . 
  i am not very skilled worker and now will have to compete with more people . 
  is evil thing for you to say that refugee more worth to live in my country than me . 
  i know . 
  i am sorry and ashamed for the actions of my country . 
  i live in former communist area of germany too ( east berlin ) and we already have problem with joblessness and bad behavior among youth here and now it is making worse . 
  your country should stand up for yourself i do n't think everyone should suffer because germany decided by government to abolish itself .
