  it does n't really matter . 
  you 're trying to marginalize the genuine concerns of a sizable portion of the european population . 
  these wo n't suppress popular opinion for much longer . 
  we need to move past name calling and try understand and address the issues . 
  interestingly enough the anglo-saxon invasion was completely devasting for the celtic peoples . 
  people like to reference the huguenots aswell . 
  that 's referenced as some huge event . 
  how ever commentators miss the fact that french protestants are likely to adapt to a country with close historic and cultural ties . 
  also the uk takes on more immigrants each year now then the entire huguenot migration to britain . 
  it actually says something interesting about modern immigration . 
  nobody of that descent would refer to themselves as a `` french-british '' . 
  they do n't need special diversity quotas or other government policy . 
  jews survived in europe by living in exclusive communities ( often forced ) and specially not integrating . 
  i do n't think it 's the best model to replicate, 
  i do n't think your example is quite accurate . 
  on the `` culture spectrum '' greek and norwegian are much closer than greek and somalian . 
  assuming replacement birthrate - what are the advantages beyond restaurants ? 
  you should report calls for violence, 
  what bothers me is gaslighting people about the ethnic makeup and histories of their countries * < insert nation with homogenous population  * has always been a country of immigrants, 
  me too and i do n't mean the nazi aesthetic but the classic grand european churches , buildings and monuments that are now a thing of the past . 
  i think you 'll find that not all people who are anti immigration are racist but all racists are anti immigration . 
  so when they find someone slightly on their side they will pounce and take the support which confuses motives and the reliability of the message . 
  i would argue that anyone with common sense would be anti * mass * immigration . 
  but this position has the same stigma . 
  people with more conservative beliefs generally have a higher disgust factor . 
  so yes they have evolved instibcts and are more cautious about foreign illnesses and conflict . 
  jonathon haidt writes about this in the righteous mind . 
  i think you 'll find most people are saying `` hey is importing the 3rd world and their problems the best idea for our future ? 
  will * that * work in our society ? 
  what do we look like in 100 years ? '' . 
  bringing in racism and drawing a moral equivalency to killing , stealing and raping is rather absurd . 
  right , and instead of spending billions integrating foreigners ( e.g. 
  germany 's federal government spent $ 21.7 billion in 2016 ) . 
  we could invest this money into the native population to ease the financial burdens and uncertainties which are making more cautious people less inclined to start young families . 
  if we tackle the problem with the solution being `` more europeans '' then we can find a way . 
  maybe it was against the people ? 
  wow , and i thought western imperialism was over, 
  well you could argue there is an integration issue because of low european birthrates and the perceived need to supplement our populations . 
  personally i 'd rather see government introduce policies to encourage native birthrates rather then rely on developing nations to supply our work force whilst we take their best . 
  if we are going throw money on the problem i 'd rather it go into helping make more europeans from natives . 
  i 'm sorry you feel that way but i do n't really see an issue with european nations incorporating blood and history in their identity . 
  these are the ancestral homelands for our people . 
  every generation does what it can to create the best future for their children . 
  we are the fortunate ones to inherit what our ancestors worked to build and that should be honoured and preserved for our children , not forsaken . 
  yeah fair enough . 
  i used the wrong word there . 
  ever been so upset that you want to join an organisation that burns people alive and throws gay of rooftops ? 
  i came to ask the same thing . 
  also if the first reason - what are the chances of this being incorporated into the religion the way it was incorporated into catholicism . 
  also how would this happen . 
  i assume they mean she was n't `` asking for it '' by getting raped , refusing to enter an arranged marriage or being gay . 
  these things can be problematic with the new europeans . 
  western economy scale based on eastern labour . 
  we make ourselves better of with their youth . 
  i think it 's understandable if their are some hard feelings about making the west wealthier through another forced policy . 
  i do n't really see the big deal tbh . 
  i 'm a little bit tired of this attitude . 
  if you 're living in europe today then you are part of one of most successful and privileged societies in human history . 
  if you 're not willing to behave like a normal human being and accept criticism when given then i really ca n't see their place here . 
  you ever been up here ? 
  i still think season one mountain beats him with pure rage . 
  can we have brexit tags to filter it out ? 
  posting on reddit , gaming , probably masturbating . 
  without thinking name 5 things about british people, 
  this one time she wore a hat that kinda looked like the eu flag, 
  yeah you 're pretty diverse . 
  but i 'm not sure if you 're * vibrant * enough yet . 
  it would look pretty good with a pair of crossed kalashnikov 's in the middle, 
  call me old fashioned , but no women should have to put up with what i can do to a toilet . 
  ** europe is trying to teach its gender norms to refugees ** * this turns out to be more complicated than it sounds * few men can roll a condom onto a plastic penis with a straight face , and ali and ahmadzai are no exceptions . 
  the two afghan asylum-seekers and ten other men are taking a sex-education class at the refugee centre where they live in the flemish town of broechem , and the giggles are flying . 
  `` in logar , where i 'm from , you do n't talk with girls , '' explains ahmadzai . 
  if you do , the taliban `` kill you with stones '' . 
  belgium has been a bit of a culture shock , though he still does n't dare talk to girls : `` it is good just looking at them . '' ever since the mass sexual assaults in cologne last new year 's eve , in which groups of mainly north african men groped , robbed or raped hundreds of women , european governments have worried that the chauvinist values of some of the immigrants they are absorbing could lead to trouble . 
  hence the classes at broechem , which cover sexual health and respect for women . 
  for now they are voluntary , but belgium plans to make sex education mandatory for all asylum-seekers by next year , as it already is in norway . 
  in germany , too , the government decided in july to shift the focus of its integration courses from language learning to cultural values , including equality of the sexes . 
  one priority is preventing rape . 
  thomas demyttenaere of sensoa , a belgian organisation that is designing a course on sexually transgressive behaviour , says he has never met a refugee who said it was acceptable to force someone to have sex . 
  but understandings of consent can differ : `` in a strong patriarchal society , '' be it muslim , christian or hindu , men `` often feel they are entitled to have aggressive behaviour towards women . '' the swarming sexual attacks seen in cologne , reminiscent of similar behaviour in north african countries , have europeans especially worried . 
  linda hagen of hero norway , an organisation that manages 40 % of that country 's refugee centres , says one goal of sex education courses there is simply to teach refugees that if they try anything like that in scandinavia , `` they will get caught . '' at the same time , the courses may be just as necessary for the refugees ' own integration in european societies as they are to protect the women with whom they interact . 
  staff at the broechem centre regularly receive complaints from local parents that asylum applicants are harassing their daughters . 
  new female staff are also frequently hit upon . 
  carla pannemans , who has been teaching sex education to refugees there for ten years , says many simply do not understand local codes of behaviour ; when they try to talk to girls , `` people will see it as aggressive . '' teaching sexual norms is tricky , though , particularly when european societies do not agree on what those norms should be . 
  in norway , ms hagen 's course uses photos of pop stars to explain that styles of dress , however scanty , are expressions of individual freedom rather than signals of availability , and must be respected . 
  at the same time , bizarrely , it coaches male refugees to protect their reputations by not seeking girls who are `` easy '' . 
  meanwhile in wallonia , the french-speaking region of belgium , an information sheet used in integration classes cites `` gallantry '' as an ideal : men should open the door for women , carry their heavy bags and offer to help them put on their coats . 
  plenty of feminists , in belgium or elsewhere in europe , would find this patronising . 
  most of the refugees who receive the classes seem to welcome them . 
  many have never had any formal sex education : of the 12 men in the class at broechem , most of whom hail from african or middle eastern countries , only one , an albanian refugee , said he received any form of sex education at school . 
  abdullah sameer , a 21-year-old refugee from baghdad who lives in the broechem centre , calls the courses `` perfect '' . 
  `` everybody should respect women , '' he says -- though he considers himself among the few enlightened men in his country . 
  most people , he says , `` need some classes '' . 
  it is not clear to what extent european fears of sexual assault by migrants are founded in reality . 
  there have been no more attacks of the magnitude of those in cologne . 
  a report in february by germany 's federal criminal police , the bundeskriminalamt , showed that refugees were responsible for only 3.6 % of the sexual offences in germany in 2015 . 
  many of the refugees are victims of rape rather than perpetrators : female refugees face sexual abuse at the hands of smugglers and even reception-centre staff , according to a report by amnesty international . 
  indeed , while europeans may feel anxious that migrants are importing middle eastern values , the migrants are having at least as hard a time adjusting to european ones . 
  mr demyttenaere says many of the migrants he knows find belgian sexual morals `` shocking '' . 
  `` on the one hand , there are adverts with half-naked women , '' he says .
