got ta be loyal to the oppression olympic chart, 
  how about white south africans ? 
  you should direct you criticism and anger to the policies which enable this and seek to change them . 
  you could certainly argue ` careless ' and ` shortsighted ', 
  hey my home town looks like a middle eastern bazzar and we do n't have bacon anymore but atleast i 'm not islamaphobic . 
  tell me something a muslim extremist has said that is n't a direct incitement violence ? 
  arnhem choudhary called for blood in the streets and the death of british serviceman . 
  that 's not controversial . 
  even the most ardent defender agrees that incitement to violence is not covered by free speech, 
  no they actually blame the jews for importing the muslims . 
  you 're so right . 
  people forgot that a white person did something wrong so we should just `` minorities '' run rampant in our societies . 
  that would seem to be the greatest puzzle . 
  brexit is often framed as a vote against migration , yet the greatest problem seems to stem from non-eu migrants which they have full control over . 
  i wonder if it 's simply more acceptable to vent against white migrants but far too taboo to mention the brown . 
  i hope the kurds can manage this but it 's against too many powerful nations best interests . 
  seems to be the best way forward for the region . 
  let them form states on sectarian lines and build the societies they want . 
  legally yes , he is . 
  afghanistan would take european refugees ? 
  what does the gc say about people who were born in a shitty country and like to move to a better one for greater economic opportunity but are under no immediate danger ? 
  preemtptive godwin 's , nice . 
  link me to instances of ukrainian rape gangs and people not criticizing ukrainians for fear of being called racist and we can talk, 
  might have blown around . 
  hitler made a point that private companies should n't profit from war and thus have mic like state we have today ( eisenhower ofcourse predicted the same ) . 
  i wonder if he felt the same about flags and incorporated them into the government . 
  we 're talking about bankers here ... 
  you limit welfare to citizens or foreigners who have paid in to the system for 5 years . 
  no incentives for immigrants without employable skills = no economic migrants who have no chance of getting a job and integrating . 
  we continue to send foreign aide to countries neighbouring warzones to help those who have fled war . 
  we have a lottery so take some * families * from these camps after they have been extreeeeemely vetted . 
  public votes on how many migrants to take . 
  the number is dependant on calculation that determines how much money it will take to care for these families until they integrate . 
  we have plans for what happens of they do n't integrate and zero tolerance for crimes . 
   if there is nothing bad about them , why are you against them coming here ? 
  depends on the numbers . 
  i could name a handful of integrated immigrants i know and i could name handful of communities which have completely changed due to failed integration . 
  these are now slices of their home countries with high crime and poverty and yet the onus is on my people to support their people . 
  so we need to understand what numbers we can support , what we need immigrants for , what we expect of our immigrants and what to do with those who do n't comply . 
  and at no point should we deprioritise the needs of the natives whose forefathers built these communities with their work and taxes . 
  this seems to have been said without the slightest hint of self awareness, 
  i think your concepts of `` quality of life '' and `` happiness '' are skewed . 
  really ? 
  trump verbally approved of fascism ? 
  it 's their community , built from their taxes to be inherited by their children - why should they not get a say in who they trust to accept into it and maintain it ? 
  who would know better than them ? 
  i think `` many in one house '' is a fair complaint . 
  if you have in flux of people willing to sacrifice comforts to make a quick buck it disadvantages locals . 
  you have foreigners paying less in shared rent , happy to take pay cut compared to the local man who wants a house for his young family . 
   they have been targeting this subreddit for years and are getting closer and closer to a complete takeover . 
  takeover is such a harsh word . 
  we prefer the term `` lebensraum '', 
  the correct term is `` undocumented dreamer '' shitlord, 
  do n't forget persecuted white south africans and ukrainians right at the very bottom despite the likelihood of easy integration into european society . 
  all women look for a partner that has power and can provide for her family . 
  oh r/europe - this is why i keep coming back after multiple bannings . 
  almost , just add vibrant . 
  that 's false . 
  sunni and shia have been around since the generation after mohammed . 
  this is n't a new less hardcore version of islam trying to gain acceptance . 
  it 's the same war still raging . 
  well not really . 
  libya was destablised by us backed regime changes ( authorised by hillary clinton ) . 
  this has unleashed a tide of not ony libyan but other peoples living there ( like bangladeshi 's ) . 
  the syrian civil war was just that , and then the us / russia picked different sides . 
  if external forces propped up assad early like the russians are doing now it would go back to the country it once was . 
  i really do n't think they preventing some alternate democracy from thriving . 
  we 've seen the only thing that keeps `` artificial '' arab states from descending into sectarian violence is a strong / brutal ruler . 
  not saying that 's ideal , but that 's the reality facing external forces trying to change governments . 
   also , the oil rich gulf countries have a very different culture compared to sub-saharan africa . 
  but similar to european ones ? 
  also i assume op is talking about syrian refugees taking temporary shelter in wealthy arab states . 
  however that 's now a very small fraction of claimants and most are arriving from countries without conflict . 
  europe ca n't bail out the world 's poor without destroying herself . . 
  the amount of `` minorities '' wishing to live here vastly , vastly out numbers europeans . 
  i like the way dan carlin put it - something along the lines of `` nationalism is a necessary vitimin for a society , but something you can easily overdose on '', 
  say what you want about trump but his `` talking tough '' has lead to decrease in illegal immigration . 
  just the perception shift has discouraged illegal migrants as they now believe there are consequences to this action and there 's no point settling in if you may be deported at any moment . 
  hopefully we can create this perception without a lunatic as head of state . 
  but on this issue we see more people moving to the right and mainstream parties holding their ground . 
  it seemed to work out ok for the guys at the top . 
  i 'm not sure they 'd care . 
  yep , coulters law, 
  * undocumented immigrant like the guy that stole my bike . 
  he 's just the undocumented owner now . 
  same here . 
  and i know this in jest but having worked with both i can happily say the output from serbia is far superior to india . 
  this highlights the reasoning that leads to these to these decisions . 
  we encourage minorities to be fiercely proud of their heritage , history and indeed skin colour . 
  but for the natives of our lands we must stand as individuals with no collective identity or pride in our collective accomplishment . 
  it 's a natural consequence of vibrancy . 
  if all `` new europeans '' must feel included or they join radical death cults then we need to change our history so they can pretend they were part of it too . 
  is n't the point of being trans is that you are now a lady or gentleman . 
  what percentage of the population does n't identify as either ? 
  r/neutralpolitics is pretty good, 
  i see the same result in any town when they get together . 
  after what antifa have been doing recently in the us i have to ask if at this point is there any difference ? 
  why are the police understaffed ? 
  it 's seems likely but the uk has existing immigration `` unease '' and record numbers from non eu countries prior to the refugee crisis . 
  so if they had an immigration policy which better matched the will of the people prior to the refugee crisis they may have absorbed it better .
