looks kind of like how the americans draw up their districts for voting purposes . 
  per 10 million people , they probably are . 
  that was my point all along ... 
  you do n't need as much food to do cardio as you need to build muscle . 
  not even close , actually . 
  people from some developing countries often have higher pain tolerances as well which is useful for long distance running . 
  well developed nations with no shortage of food or free time to train and small populations , who would 've thought ? 
  ever heard of change ? 
  itt : no one knows what a public service ad is . 
  how would you know it was real if they did n't have a campaign to tell you it was ? 
  yeah that 's been happening forever , even in norway ... 
  yeah , we made a good choice moving the airforce out of the north ... 
  is that a porpoise outside of vester\u00e5len ? 
  i grew up in nordland and have only seen a porpoise once in my life . 
  why are they associated with that area ? 
  we have enough racists on here , we do n't need you guys to come here and make them feel justified . 
  i 'd live . 
  what does this solve ? 
  the people begging now are still going to be poor even if we ban them from begging . 
  either they keep doing it anyway , or they start doing something else like stealing , which is worse for both sides . 
  it 's not like they 're going to get welfare because most of them are foreigners anyway . 
  people love easy fixes to complicated problems , but they never accomplish anything . 
  that 's just a slightly extreme version of * all * political parties . 
  it 's a side effect of how democracy is structured . 
  i 'm not saying our way of doing it is n't stupid , because it is , but the `` legal but not regulated '' is just as bad , if not worse . 
  that just encourages human trafficking . 
  and how much is it in skips and skedaddles ? 
  pigeons are more like city rats . 
  man , what a good sport he is . 
  it 's copypasta from a recent / r/bestof thread , except he flipped it ( originally it was a german commenting on the us ) . 
  it 's the same in the scandinavian countries . 
  eurovision was today ? 
  and here i was sitting watching the 3rd day of the nfl draft . 
  i do n't think i 'm a very good european , you guys . 
   inequality in riches that 's what stood out to me as well . 
  i mean , differences in perceived religious tolerance i can understand . 
  i disagree with the viewpoint , but i can understand it . 
  inequality in riches though ? 
  i 'm hardly an expert , but are n't they one of the worst countries in the entire world when it comes to this ? 
  sidebar : who the hell starts an article with the phrase ` shots fired ' ? 
  i mean , if it 's like an in medias res war story , sure , but as a serious metaphor ? 
  gawker , that 's who . 
  were there not better sources than this ? 
  they survived the invasion in poland , flying clearly inferior planes . 
  that takes skill , and flying the british planes was easy by comparison . 
  then fighting in france afterwards they had much more experience than most of the british flyers . 
  never realized finnish sounded so much like s\u00e1mi . 
  sure , they have some opinions i agree with , like the number of directives being adopted , which happens here too even though we 're not even part of the eu ( which by the way should tell you that leaving the eu wo n't do anything in this regard if you wish to continue trade with them ) . 
  that all kind of drowns out in the fear-based rhetoric they use though . 
  we should n't take fear-mongers seriously . 
  if they had so many good points they would n't need to scare people into voting for them , and you ca n't tell me it 's not the way they present their causes that do this . 
  why iceland , the least commie of all our neighbours ? 
  in the case of the winter war it was more that the russians were woefully ill-prepared as opposed to the finns being super-soldiers . 
  i 'm sure most people know this , but i felt like it needed to be clarified nonetheless . 
  i 'm pretty surprised both italy and romania are noticeably more religious than spain . 
  that 's all based on preconceptions though , i have n't actually been to either of those countries . 
  does your insurance cover the surgery to remove that stick from your ass ? 
  huh . 
  people still find that funny . 
  what do you know ... 
  personally , i hate when europeans try to make fun of american football and vice versa . 
  i love both types of football . 
  shit , i 'd even watch aussie rules if i did n't have to wake up at an ungodly hour during weekends to do so . 
  from that angle he still looks offside , should n't even be necessary to stoop so low ... 
  that picture of the uvac river is amazing . 
  ah yes , the `` special relationship '' , where the uk bends over and the us is rougher than they had to be . 
  it just gets better as it goes on :  2011 the inauguration of the goat took place on 27 november . 
  the fire-fighters of g\u00e4vle sprayed the goat with water to create a coating of ice in the hope of protecting it from arson . 
  the goat was burnt down in the early morning of 2 december . 
  haha . 
  my first thought when i saw that picture was that the guys were norwegians on holiday . 
  that headline is not a direct quote by the way , it 's extrapolation at best . 
  we adopted the eu 's data retention directive , so might as well put a huge asterisk next to that statement . 
  it may be apples and oranges , but they 're in the same basket . 
  uhm , since when is there a sami separatist group ? 
  the vast majority of the sami people live in oslo anyway . 
  although they historically used to live in the outlined region , they have been a very small minority there for hundreds of years . 
  if anything , this is about mental health , not immigration . 
  i feel like this could all go horribly wrong and you 'll end up with lots of votes for the danish croquet alliance this election . 
  maybe because google does n't have an army or any real political power ? 
  at least not yet , that is . 
  i 'm less scared of advertising than i am gitmo . 
  not that i 'm anything other than a law-abiding citizen , of course . 
  * whistles inconspicuously *, 
  so you kept speaking italian until they got it ? 
  should also say eu . 
  i 'm fairly sure we 're part of europe . 
  right guys ? 
  ^ ^ please ^ ^ acknowledge ^ ^ us, 
  aka the polish comma . 
  when i worked a factory job i had several polish and lithuanian coworkers . 
  they used this word all the time . 
  booooooooo . 
  maybe not quite as important as the heavy water sabotage , but we did also sink bl\u00fccher , even though that was kind of a fluke . 
  not only did that delay the german invasion , it also allowed the royal family to retreat with the majority of the navy , thus being able to take part in the war effort coordinating with the british . 
  i can already buy croatian players without needing a work permit . 
  not bulgarian or hungarian though . 
  makes no sense ... 
  i do n't know about down south , but up north the terrible roads and speed limits are due to the landscape ( lots of winding roads due to the mountains ) and climate ( lots of frost heaving every winter/spring ) . 
  do n't forget veep .
