  please for the love of god ehhh putin , tell me that 's photoshop . 
  just to make this clear , you want to spend 2-3 months in europe between fall 2013 and spring 2014 , right ? 
  because it currently is spring 2014 in europe . 
  ` why does liechtenstein not participate in the champions league ? ', 
  hmmm , that is a tough question . 
  hmm , i wonder what the numbers are in vatican city . 
  are you kidding ? 
  we 're fighting the germans from the inside this time . 
  they 'll never expect it . 
  ehm , first of all a circus is something different than a battlefield . 
  secondly , even in those days the tactic for an elephant ( and rider ) was to simply charge . 
  they killed everybody in their path , most riders would simply hold on and poke at the enemy with a spear . 
  if the beast got too out of hand , or was turning on his own side . 
  ( they could panic and run away ) , the driver would hammer a spike in it 's spine to kill it . 
  if the driver had n't fallen of that is . 
   there are probably more citizens in guns in los angeles ehm , that 's going to be hard to do . 
  especially with the average american . 
  but you speak english ... 
  serious question , has anybody even recognised is as a country or is it a rebellious region ? 
  what 's the correct term ? 
  unfortunately that part is a myth . 
  we sold it for scrap , but the stern piece is still on display in the rijksmuseum . 
  [ click ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hms_royal_charles_\\ ( 1655 \\ ) # / media/file : royal_charles_stern_piece . jpg ), 
  you mean the time when the entire country invested money in an expedition that would lead to death and disease ? 
  us not being invaded during ww1 was purely because the germans did n't need to . 
  they only invaded belgium because that was the only way to bypass the french defenses . 
  the germans even asked the belgiums permission to march through their country promising that their only beef was with france . 
  it had nothing to do with our old alliance with the prussians . 
  and the progression seen in germany in those 40 years was huge . 
  you ca n't compare 1871 germany to 1914 germany , especially on politics . 
  do n't forget that bismarcks policy was completely disregarded by wilhelm the second . 
  although it 's still a bit weird we granted asylum to kaiser willy . 
  [ twice ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/walcheren_campaign ) even . 
  can you even imagine that , an entire army being beaten by disease in zeeland . 
  ehm , prussia has n't excisted since 1871 . 
   now because of us the people of hong kong live in a false democracy where their opinions are not respected . 
  yeah , the citizens of hong kong clearly hate the british for this call . 
  small embarrasing side note here . 
  when willem the 5th fled to england he was offered a new estate somewhere in germany . 
  he was perfectly happy to remain there with his family until napoleon conquered that part as well . 
  he never even cared for the country he had left behind . 
  our own royal house had abandoned us before they were even royal . 
  yeah , but you guys have greenland . 
  for as much as that 's considered a victory . 
  that honor still belongs to canada and the uk . 
  so basically garibaldi is like ataturk , founder of a country where his birthplace is n't . 
  third time lucky ? 
  it 's the weirdest animal on the planet , it deserves the weirdest name as well . 
  a couple of years ago , when some journalists asked our former pm lubbers why there were still some nuclear warheads in the netherlands he simply replied : `` those things are still there ? '', 
  so much for his career as a spy . 
  i 'm pretty sure your parents are sociopaths . 
  crap , it 's almost that time of the year again . 
  our grand national discussion . 
  if you 're going to fight with spain , that gives the rest of europe about 3 more years to prepare before the big one right ? 
  elvis has left the building !, 
  haha , did n't even notice it . 
  i saw him live once , he was stoned out of his mind . 
  but so was half the audience , so we did n't really mind . 
  yep , between 1982 and 2002 we just had 2 pm 's , but they both managed to establish very stable governments which resulted in an economic boom during the 90 's . 
  not here . 
  we 're a constitutional monarchy without a president . 
  our prime minister is basically the chairman of our parlement . 
  they all share the responsibility . 
  do they have it in portugal ? 
  of course we still have those areas . 
  this is n't a perfect country . 
  we have come along way in accepting gays , but we have n't reached 100 %, 
  become a prostitute or a pimp ? 
  really ? 
  i learned it from the [ big yin ] ( http://img.thesun.co.uk/aidemitlum/archive/01451/snn1003top---532y_1451195a.jpg ) and that 's how he told it . 
  such a shame he stopped performing . 
  yep , it 's a common myth among dutchmen that we build flevoland to move people away from the randstad . 
  it 's main function has always been agriculture . 
  if we wanted to move people we would have shipped them over to drenthe , groningen or even indonesia , not drain half the south sea . 
  ironically the us government already has access to all of merkels emails . 
  do you smell of elderberries ? 
   and to give the bomber a chance to escape the blast . 
  because when you 're going to blow up hundreds of thousands of civilians it 's very important to get your own guy to safety first . 
  could n't the russians just invent the drone before developing the tsar bomba ? 
  is this a recent development or were these streets already named before the cold war ? 
  because i do n't think moscow would agree to george washington street . 
  a couple of years ago i was excited about the sincere young man from chicago/kenya . 
  i wonder what happened to him . 
  normally i 'd be concerned about a country with no minimum wage , but since we 're talking about finland i 'm sure it works . 
  fuck me , that 's minimumwage in finland ? 
  yep , there 's always a road next to a river or a canal . 
  [ simon amstell has a different opinion ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxou4epnmm8 ), 
  from my side of the border it is  but you should really get a new one , especially with perenijsjesweer coming next week . 
  you 're , a frisian with a broken freezer ? 
  this is the correct answer . 
  i 've gone through 2 packs since last week myself and it 's not even summer , or hot , or dry . 
  you 're planning on throwing those rockets to berlin ? 
  cause those babies do n't run on solar power . 
  i hope i 'm part of the silent majority who finds them annoying and pretentious as fuck . 
  we 're on an american website , so speak english . 
  ( well at least try ) . 
  you can speak french in french subs , or on french websites . 
  but by typing it in both english and french you 're not only showing that you do speak english , but also that you prefer to be a nuisance rather than be part of the group . 
  you 're belgian . 
  it 's not a question of if , it 's a question of when a new invasion will happen .
