well by the looks of things it only has 2 platforms . 
  not a lot for a city the size of tallinn i would think . 
  it 's a bit small . 
  and quite ugly . 
  sad about it ? 
  true , in the remake they do have some black men . 
  although still no women , because the director thinks that men are more honest and forward towards each other if there is n't a woman around . 
  which i kind of agree with . 
  the judge was in the first 30 seconds ;-), 
  the thing that 's starting to annoy me is that casting directors and directors in general are trying too hard to bee nice to everyone that it blocks their creativity . 
  12 angry men was made in 1957 , it 's my favorite movie . 
  it 's about 12 white jurors discussing whether somebody is guilty of murder or not . 
  that 's 96 minutes of just 12 white men in the movie . 
  do you think anybody would even dare to make such a thing today ? 
  spike lee would be organizing a rally within an hour if someone tried that . 
  but what if the actor just nails the part ? 
   it is accepted that about 15-25 % are radicals . 
  it is accepted ? 
  so little mohammed ca n't be a radical muslim because they 've hit their 25 % quota already ? 
  show me some facts to back this claim up . 
  holy fuck , that 's a pretty depressive list of posts . 
  i think op needs a hug , just not from a muslim . 
  it still amazes me that we just decided to block the sea and create an entire province from scratch afterwards we tamed the rough north sea . 
  shame that that spirit does n't live on in holland today , we could be building a mountain by now . 
  ( [ true story ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/die_berg_komt_er ) ), 
  shut up , i just woke up and have n't had breakfast yet . 
  this thread is torturous enough without a decent kapsalon . 
  it must be annoying that almost everybody call you greek ( or a variation ) and only norway agrees with you guys . 
  when you guys are finished with merkel , can we have her then ? 
  first time you just took it because it was available , second time you were in the 7 years war with france and the third and fourth time are the results of the napoleonic wars . 
  we probably negotiated it back after the battle of waterloo . 
  wait , luxembourg has an army and a space program ? 
  i should really check estonia out one day . 
  been hearing some great stuff about it and the picture certainly helps that case . 
  ah , trying to convince a frenchman that just using english is easier . 
  you must never have met one . 
  i think that one is only used by the city watch . 
  ( people who give parking tickets and think they 're cops ) our copcars look like [ this ] ( http://www.zhzactueel.nl/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/199209.jpg ), 
  top gear fans all around the world know the right response to this . 
  sorry to disappoint you . 
  we use different brands , but dacia is not one of them . 
  well then they are clearly very slow moving waves . 
  i know , but we perfected it . 
  i 've seen both versions , only we picked up the level in season 5 with a bigger scope and more spectacular challenges . 
  but still , thank you for the idea . 
  it was a good one . 
  wie is de mol , clearly . 
   who are you to tell them differently ? 
  nobody , i just wanted to know why spain still had them . 
  i hardly know anything about the exclaves there , that 's why i asked . 
  i did n't mean to attack you or your country for it . 
  that 's not really answering my question . 
  what are spains reasons for having it ? 
  is there a goldmine under the ground ? 
  is there an important port ? 
  what 's spain gaining from that bit of land in morocco ? 
  why do you guys still have that bit of land actually ? 
  what 's the benefit of it for spain ? 
  and highways , and towns , and hotels . 
  hohoho , maybe we legalized it in 1801 when the french annexed us as well . 
  1801-1914 is a long margin of time . 
  wait , you still believe belgium is a country ? 
  instead , the democratically elected house of commons gave the palestinians a landslide victory . 
  it 's the same signal , just a different messanger . 
  politics can be weird sometimes . 
  thanks , i 'll take it as a compliment . 
  so what 's the point of having a job if the government will provide for you ? 
  we share an island in the caribbean . 
  that makes us neighbors . 
  can we borrow your lawnmower ? 
  if one of our dikes breaks , can we borrow her ? 
  ouch , nice ` burn ' . 
  it 's not officially a church any more . 
  it 's a monument now and there is n't 1 denomination that owns it . 
  there are services every sunday by the dutch reformed church but they only rent it . 
  source : groninger myself, 
  cause even tough we are progressive there are still people among us who do n't accept lgbts . 
  it 's sad really , but it 's still necessary . 
  do n't worry . 
  it usually takes about a generation before the old way of thinking is mostly gone . 
  judging by the steps estonia has taken in the past 25 years , you guys are doing great . 
  it just takes some time , that 's all . 
  he was the emperor , not a politician . 
  by the way , when did they change the mexican flag ? 
  why ? 
  then there 's no more enemy to make fun of . 
  that 's the only reason we have not to invaded them . 
  holy crap , i never realized we 're doing pretty good actually . 
  sure as hell does n't feel that way . 
  i think your keyboard is broken . 
  munich 1972 was also a lot of fun . 
  you mean berlin . 
  i keep on looking for the / s but i ca n't spot it in your post . 
  i think you forgot it . 
  will you be quiet ? 
  i 'm trying to sleep here . 
  i do n't know what the hell it is , but our country looks like a lion by itself . 
  the right bottom side is the paw , the north is the head and the mouth and the islands in the north are the tail . 
  we could try to colonize them via our queen . 
  maybe the english would help to finish the falklands .
