  pics or i do n't believe you . 
  it 's qarth . 
  the greatest city that ever was or will be . 
  ( arrogant show offs ), 
  the only snow i 've seen the last few years is a brother of the nights watch . 
  it almost makes them human . 
  no , keep him inside our borders . 
  if those 2 are ever released on the world , nobody will want to trade with us anymore . 
  even north korea thinks this is pushing human rights too far . 
  wait , that song is n't brazilian ? 
  wow , took me 20 years to figure that out . 
  are we really going to fight ww2 all over again on the internet ? 
  cause i 'll just log off for 5 years and then grab a seat at the winners table . 
  there 's a reason you sometimes get a free telegraaf at the mcdonalds . 
  it even sucks as toiletpaper . 
  i 'm amazed we have 10 that can still fly . 
  why am i hearing aerosmith in the back of my mind ? 
  move to macedonia ? 
  at easter ? 
  so like jesus 2.0 ? 
   on the other hand , the netherlands has 3 channels that are shared between 24 bigger and smaller suborganizations with their own goals and identity . 
  5 of these are just there , and 1 of these controls 3 of the others . 
  additionally there are 8 different religious broadcasting channels ( with a couple of hours each ) and 10 channels that are also partially funded by members of the public through subscription . 
  these 10 are the ones that give the flavor to public broadcasting , so to speak . 
  read this sentence again and i think you 've got the answer for your question . 
  we 're the weirdo 's this time . 
  what town would that be ? 
  you know , for ehm research . 
  yes , liquid research . 
  i 've found our new [ motherland ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/dogger_bank ), 
  up yours putin , we can also start arming our allies . 
  ( because of our own incompetence ), 
  we get suriname . 
  if that counts . 
  and yet we still suck at basketball and volleyball . 
  clearly you have n't heard about the latest news concerning usa-israeli relations . 
  obama has been tougher on them , especially the past few month . 
  that 's impossible . 
  some of those people have such a wide imagination that the tinfoil will keep on coming for decades . 
  riga would be the obvious choice . 
  it 's in the centre and has a decent port as well . 
  that game always reminds me of one of my best friends from primary school . 
  he died 4 years ago , but i can still remember the hours we spent together trying to get all 150 . 
  it tooks us months , because we were too stubborn to buy the walkthrough . 
  i completely agree , the problem is that by law any body that is allowed to raise taxes in the netherlands ( local , provincial , national , european and watership/board ) has to be elected by a democratic vote . 
  after we finished that it 's time re do [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/raid_on_the_medway ) and then we 're of to settle [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/three_hundred_and_thirty_five_years%27_war ) once and for all . 
  damn , we poldered the ijssel lake as well as the wadden sea . 
  not bad . 
  any news about the waterships ? 
  i forgot where i parked mine , did n't even bother looking for it . 
  i immediately bought a new one . 
  we used to have the same in the north of the netherlands . 
  in medieval times flooding was regular so we built artificial `` islands '' on the fields were the houses were built around in a circle . 
  on top was usually the village church . 
  it 's called a terp or a wierde . 
  once you guys get out of high school you 'll grow out of it . 
  that 's because fins are the goths of europe . 
   our new marine helicopters , the nh90 is currently not allowed to fly over open water we have the same problem . 
  you 'd think that 2 developed nations would have checked that problem . 
  also a wonderful tool to have when the navy is our main strength . 
  well til . 
  [ nope ] ( http://www.frietopia.nl/img/uploads/2331-20110405-friet_patat_kaart.png ), 
  that 's the best way to attack your opponent . 
  wait until he does n't suspect a thing and then quickly strike them down . 
  the poles are playing the smart game . 
  okay , let 's say that it is a mental health issue . 
  why is n't anybody doing something about the mental healthcare ? 
  if it would stop mass shootings , than why are n't any actions taken in that sector ? 
   one of the most underrated places in the country as a proud born and raised damster , come again ? 
  it 's a decent place and all but nothing remarkable really . 
  unless you compare it to delfzijl , then it 's like valhalla . 
  because hardly anybody lives in a fortress ? 
  it looks pretty , but that 's also not representative of a dutch village . 
  it 's one school . 
  and to be honest , this headline could come from any us state as well and they do n't really like socialism . 
  i never even heard of it . 
  can you do a quick tl ; dr ? 
  bless you . 
  was n't bill murray stuck there in groundhog day ? 
  the name does ring a bell to me as well . 
  or just maybe because it 's a funny name . 
  can i add to this the wonderful sentence : `` you can give a monkey a golden ring , it 's still an ugly creature . '', 
  it 's our version of `` to polish a turd . '', 
  the more i read about finnish people , the more i 'm getting convinced that my hook up with a finnish girl must have been a dream . 
   many people believe that auschwitz was run by poles  where in reality it was run by nazis to kill poles  their religion was irrelevant , yeah , i 'd like some sources on this if you do n't mind . 
  well , i am jealous of their love life . 
  but this comparison does n't work technically speaking . 
  the president of france is also a prince of andorra , so hollande is a royal at the moment . 
  it 's one of those metallic pointy things that go bang , from tv . 
  at least i think . 
  the emptiness , the decay , the haunting feeling that some great tragedy happened here . 
  i was at newcastle airport a year ago and more than half of the stores were bars/pubs/winegardens and they were all full of people . 
  they even sold beer at the kfc . 
  i love britain , but you guys have an alcohol problem . 
  that 's the worst part for me . 
  my family celebrates it tomorrow ( we get 2 days off ) and since i do n't have gf and my parents are n't seperated there 's absolutely nothing to do around here . 
  saint nicholas ( sinterklaas in dutch ) is an inspiration for santa claus , it is n't an official holiday but a lot of people celebrate it . 
  that does n't mean that they take a day off , it just means that they give gifts in the evening . 
  however , we also celebrate christmas , because why not . 
  they are completely different holidays and i do n't know anybody who actively uses santa in their celebrations .
