  i love your rate . 
  how annoying was it to constantly switch workplaces between brussels and strasbourg ? 
  do you agree that they should just settle it in 1 city and be done with it ? 
  haha , i love the fact that scotland had to forfeit their independence because they nearly went bankrupt on that failed expedition . 
  it 's so conflicting with the image of the frugal scots . 
  or maybe that 's where it started . 
  i still think they should have done it . 
  we owed them that much for all the years of oppression . 
   source : was in friesland last sunday , was horrible no internet , peculiar family , detours and they were n't even speaking dutch . 
  so just a typical day in friesland ? 
  we do our best to help our fellow scandinavians . 
  ( do n't question me , i can give you a lot of examples to show that the nl is a very scandinavian country . ), 
  that is one ugly place yes . 
  when i was there i thought they had invented the color grey just for this place . 
  de speld is a satirical newssite . 
  it 's all a big joke , there is no news on it . 
  kardingerbult ? 
  i 'm beginning to feel altitude sickness , just looking at denmark . 
  dude , where do you live ? 
  in the zoo ? 
  did we win ? 
  thanks a lot for that advice asshole . 
  i got thrown out of a comedy club in a pretty embarrasing way . 
  i once spoke to a man who once saw a river . 
  can confirm . 
  there was mass migration from the belgians to the netherlands but the germans built a pretty impressive electric wire along the border to prevent this . 
  [ link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wire_of_death ), 
  please , that 's what i call a decent weekend . 
  yeah , i would n't be that surprised if i was you . 
  i always consider the netherlands the most southern of all scandinavian countries . 
  damn , not a lot has happened here actually . 
  it 's clearly cucumber time . 
  do you know what 's the best place in friesland ? 
  the bus to groningen . 
  you frisians are pretty much the scandinavians of the netherlands , blonde , decent people with an accent nobody can bloody understand . 
  i have , but only in my own kitchen after i made it . 
  love it . 
  join the club , get a free slave . 
  dude , seriously ? 
  you clearly do n't know what happened down there . 
  yes , thank you . 
  he 's a pretty much forgotten king in the netherlands but the man should be remembered a lot more here . 
  i think it 's because he 's french and not an oranje . 
  it 's as a big as whale and it 's about to set sail !, 
  enjoy your golden time , you glorious son of a beach . 
  son of a bitch , 40 points and gold ? 
  that has to be some kind of record . 
  centuries of invasions , earthquakes nor even polar melting can get us rid of them . 
  limburg is the herpes of the netherlands, 
  i have to agree with you . 
  freedom of speech works both ways . 
  can someone clarify to me how far the pregnancy was ? 
  because i would n't notice a woman being 2 or 3 months pregnant ( especially if she is overweight ) if she was 8 months then it 's a different case . 
  never the less it 's also kind of her own fault for putting the baby in a harmful situation . 
  same thing that happened the past few years . 
  wilders does a lot of shouting , but offers no solutions besides leaving the eu and kicking all the muslims out of the country . 
   also , i believe some countries ( germany f.e. ), 
  have stored older hardware that could be used in an emergency scenario . 
  if only we had done that with some of our older ships and tanks . 
  in stead of selling them . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzquuokxvq0 ) about the differences between italians and europeans always cracks me up . 
  yeah , that was 4 days ago here . 
  do n't worry , they take a pregnancy test and in most cases it turns out to be false alarm . 
  dude , that was 70 years ago . 
  not cool man , not cool . 
  so there is somebody locked up in vatican city ? 
  is it the old pope ? 
  what the hell happened in 1978 ? 
  sebastian coming up from nowhere . 
   did you know that our kids are just numbers in big school complexes ? 
   therefore a maximum of 500 students per school that 's actually doing the same thing . 
  `` you are student number 499 , you are student number 500 , you have to go somewhere else . '', 
  so basically the european version of the republican party . 
  also , please understand that this is a very , very small party, 
  so how are things in vatican city ? 
  we have more than enough of it . 
  please take some , before it takes us . 
  and we all ready have a plane stationed in poland for fueling up the awacs there midflight . 
  no , but we we do n't have as many indian immigrants on the mainland as you guys . 
  so that would explain it, 
  same here . 
  i love the addition of vinegar on the chips . 
  you do n't even need curry or mayonaise . 
  now that 's what i call an answer . 
  thank you . 
  is there a turk here who can back me up ? 
  ( or attack me ) because no offense kenadiancsj , but the 2 of us are n't the most well informed on this subject . 
  i 'd actually like to hear the opinion of a turk on this personally . 
  chill the fuck out dude . 
  it 's just an opinion . 
  they are like assholes , everybody 's got one . 
  i 'm just saying that turkish culture is more arabic based than european , that 's all . 
  true but taking into consideration that they used to posses half of the arabic world , i personally think that had much larger impact on their lives and cultures instead of the balkans . 
  the turks should actually be more eastern orthodox orientated instead of islamic if you are right . ), 
  am i the only person who think turkey is n't part of europe ? 
  they are culturally , religiously and historically clearly more arabic instead of european . 
  we have a casino , a restaurant , 2 bars , a cinema and a college all built within the stadium and beneath it is a car park . 
  oh , and right next to it is one of the biggest supermarkets in my country . 
  but it was constructed about 10 years ago with the aim of developing the land surrounding it , to make it more attractive for new houses and businesses . 
  worked like hell , the entire area around it went from a completely flat deserted area to nearly completely full .
