not surprising . 
  society creates a feeling of protection , when you are an outsider , you do n't feel that . 
  nobody feeling secure is ready to die for petty purposes . 
  to be honest baden w\u00fcrttemberg is more 3 entities than 2 : baden , w\u00fcrttemberg and schwaben . 
  though schwaben is also a part of bayern so ... 
  vaffanculo !, 
  * such a nice idea really !, 
  maybe he 'd like to pay for the development cost of numerous fr-uk joint defense programs the uk ditched ? 
  i 'd like to keep the good lovers myth alive , if you would be so kind . 
  cool !, 
  come to the darkside , my child !, 
  well if you can convince rednecks to work for peanuts and bro-sis incest , more power to you . 
  well maybe your in-laws do n't like you and are being dicks to you just because they can . 
  can you stop saying gr\u00fcss gott each time you meet someone ? 
  if yes , it 's a go !, 
  you can be racist anywhere you want but not here . 
  it 's not so hard to understand after all . 
  said by the mod of / r/pussypassdenied ... you must be so rich with all the irony you have here . 
   they want to censor the truth and prevent honest discussion , because this information and these news getting exposure and open discussion works against their political agenda . 
  lol, 
   so it will be state owned or some private company with part ownership by the french state ? 
  the holding will have 100 % of the capital . 
  the holding shares will be split between giat ( owned by france ) and the german side, 
  no his title was in latin ... carolus magnus . 
  finn alert finn alert they are getting out !, 
  d'\u00eatre -  pour \u00eatre the rest is good , 
  just because things are culturally / linguistically similar ( like the nordic countries ) does n't mean that it 's going to destroy their culture / language . 
  finns speak mostly finnish and not russian , norwegian speak norwegian and not danish . 
  his conception of culture and language is static . 
   you do n't know what you are talking about https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/north_germanic_languages#mutual_intelligibility  you 're being incredibly rude . 
  how is it rude ? 
   i think we have to `` democratize '' the eu and make it more transparent . 
  that 's awfully vague . 
  we already do have elections . 
  there you go . 
  you said it . 
  there is no risk of having a dissolution of language or culture in the event of an unification or a federation . 
  so you want the utopia before you do anything ? 
  and here i was thinking that i would never repay the asshole that consistently told me `` jeder stoss-ein franzos '' , i could finally meet him on the battlefield . 
  swedish , danish , norwegian and icelandic are very similar languages . 
  i do n't really understand how you fail to see that your own situation invalidates the point you 're trying to make . 
  how surprising to see that the un-educated peasants of central turkey are the one voting for erdogan . 
  well i do n't see how rugs could possibly damage the floor . 
  it damages the roof because it stores dampness ( and it stinks up the place ) but that does n't happen overnight . 
  there is no rugs in hagia sophia anymore . 
  it 's not even a mosque anymore as there are no cult there , it 's a museum now . 
  hating you for being despicable grass-fuckers is such a delight . 
  a few weeks go , i talked to a spaniard who was adamant on saying tito was n't the leader of an autocratic regime just because it was communism . 
  i had a good laugh that night . 
  same for france . 
  the european continent has so many wonderful place in general . 
  let the corsicans take their independence . 
  they survive through tourism , mafia and national subvention . 
  if they want to be a 3rd world country , we should let them be . 
  i think you are over-estimating the importance of the commercial exchange between france , catalonia and spain . 
  but that 's a valid argument nonetheless . 
  we are in the europe of nations - because we are recognized as citizen ( our nationality ) from a specific political organisation ( the nation ) . 
  what you think of is the europe of peoples . 
  how would france be damaged by a catalonian independance ? 
   brightest will flee and will be replaced by people that do n't care to learn your language . 
  being millionaire in france has little to do with intelligence or success and more with having a rich inheritance . 
  it 's not a self-made-man country , it 's an old-and-expansive-homes country, 
   europe is in terminal decline in relative terms . 
  we will never be as influential as we are now , our heyday was  100 years ago . 
  why do you think the eu is so desperate to federalise ? 
  it 's europe 's only shot at remaining relevant ( read : powerful ) in world affairs . 
  that 's a bold statement . 
  what color would you like ? 
  lime appears appropriate for you but i can change it if you prefer . 
  no union has any legislative power , that would be absurd . 
  what they can do however is negotiate branch accord between workers and management , represent workers , and start strikes when in the public sector . 
  they also have to be present when negotiating potential changes of any labor laws but they do n't have any veto whatsoever , and they certainly ca n't block anything . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.legifrance.gouv.fr/affichcode.do?cidtexte=legitext000006072050&amp;idsectionta=legiscta000018764573 ), 
  you know , you should really consider trolling on one of your - numerous i assume - alts . 
  you 're already tagged with a magnificent purple . 
  a beautiful color for cowards such as yourself . 
  physical violence is used because everything else is powerless . 
  that 's never anybody 's first choice . 
   french unions are scary . 
  they have little real power . 
  it 's high time people stop spreading misinformations about them . 
  ig metall has more workers thann all of the french unions combined . 
  i was talking about [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2008_soci%c3%a9t%c3%a9_g%c3%a9n%c3%a9rale_trading_loss ), 
  socgen could n't see themselves lose billions , i wonder how they can predict anything beyond the temperature of the coffee they 're brewing . 
  i found it very lackluster as the premises are debatable . 
  the author seems to treat the eu as an single entity in some part and as a alliance of countries in other . 
  the eu has no army thus no hard power ? 
  that 's true but the eu is n't kept alive by nato . 
  it 's kep alive because nobody strong enough to conquer eu can afford to destroy the biggest market in the world . 
  as for diplomatic power , there is not a lot of countries with more diplomatic possibilities as uk and france - russia is self-centered , china only cares about money , japan only about china , brazil does n't even have that much influence in sa , india ... yeah what do they do aside from pretending they invented sanskrit ? 
  so that leaves the usa . 
  are the eu as strong as the usa . 
  great , end of the article . 
  i ca n't believe this guy has a job . 
  this is terrible journalism based on a poorly designed study that is n't available to the public . 
  yet again a journalist in the uk press is using france as a comparative element in order to empathize an advantage the uk is supposed to have in the future . 
  the amount of chest beating happening is just ludicrous , it 's not a secret the uk is faring better than france right now but the article is written in a way that makes the reader believe their country it has finally overtaken france when in the larger time scale , both countries have enjoyed similar growth . 
  for christ 's sake , the uk is one of france main economical partners and the opposite is true . 
  so why do we keep seeing these articles times and times again on r/europe ? 
  i do n't think it 's innocent .
