  raising children is n't the same as teaching . 
  that 's why we have profesionnal teachers . 
   first off , everybody ( even illegal immigrants ) is entitled to education provided by the state in greece it 's actually a human right as stated by article 26 of the universal declaration of human rights . 
  the european council protocol even went further in its protocol to the european convention of human rights . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/right_to_education ) all these people saying they would rather not give education to immigrants are basically asking to revoke the aforementioned treaties . 
   but after we were told for years that there was no money to be spent on us , suddenly we can spend 100bn $ for our new `` citizens . '', 
  let 's blame things on the migrants when merkel stayed in power during 3 mandates , reaping the benefits of schr\u00f6der political actions while doing next to nothing . 
  democracy may be corrupt but she did n't stuff urns ... 
  i would have said the pawn goes down on the queen but what do i know ? 
  children worked in the fucking mines as well . 
   the `` established '' parties need that kick in the rump . 
  except , sadly , it never works that way . 
  france saw its traditional right shift to the extreme in order to compete with le pen . 
   as a side note , i dislike the vilification of israel by europe 's left , we 're in the same boat/side as you guys . 
  nah , immigrants are on a boat , eu is in trouble , and israel is in its own castle becoming more and more secluded . 
  and yet the country who wants to leave does n't have the euro at all . 
  it seems like the context and the argument do n't mesh . 
  i fart in your general direction , mongrel !, 
  we do n't . 
  you just have to eat it everyday . 
  that 's mean enough . 
  probably sweeter stuff, 
  but it 's in serbia :( my plan is to start from dubrovnik and do the croatian coast . 
  serbia is too far away sadly . 
  i was planning to visit plitvice this september but if it 's just a single tourist railroad without any real trekking walkway , i 'm going to pass :(, 
  maybe i work for norwat . 
  you do n't know :o, 
  you are right although the norwegians also profited from it without knowing it or having chosen it . 
  i , for one , who probably be without a job if norwat left the single market . 
  right now germany wants to solve the refugees problem . 
  and the uk does n't want anything to do with that since the no-voters probably do n't want them . 
  so i do n't think the uk holds any real power in regards to eu-wide political agreements . 
   yes , beats invasion , mass deportation and destruction of anything that is holy . 
  that 's called damage control . 
  you 're mixing up 2 things . 
  making a pseudo-treaty with germany was damage control and can be historically defended as a coherent . 
  keeping unclaimed funds from jews and storing it for south-america bound war criminals under the pretense of a banking secret was indecent and completely immoral . 
  france history is mared with atrocities , the one you named only but 2 of them . 
  but you do n't see me spouting out terrible historical statements to prove a point . 
  i 'm not using petain 's vichy regime to say that france is an accomodating country . 
  that would be retarded . 
  and yet that 's exactly what op did . 
  the eu is prosperous because the former european empire plundered the world to fuel the industrial revolution . 
  norway is a blip in europe 's history books . 
   they had to sacrifice some morals and do some dirty patchwork to keep the totalitarians out , but the lesson was that it worked . 
  you mean steal from jews and keep money for nazi ? 
  not ch brightest moments . 
  like portugal who got the same kind of leniency ? 
  rowing used to be very dirty back in the 70s . 
  all eastern european countries were using drugs . 
  nowadays it 's less of an issue , especially for lightweight . 
  and as much as it pains me to say it , the countries with the best programs overall ( nz and the uk ) have the best results so ... 
  you 're right and i think your positive attitude is a good step towards the payment of greece 's debts . 
  keep it up !, 
  that 's true but the difference is that the us is a natural ally of the eu which the russian federation is n't . 
  relevant username is relevant, 
   well i think basically dead , the knowhow to make them and the needed materials is lost . 
  the knowledge may not be widespread ( similar to the other traditional apparel like the dirndl ) but any good embroider should be able to reproduce all figure by sight, 
  \\ #freejohaug ps : norway is still shit in biathlon, 
   he basically answered all the top questions thrown at him . 
  we probably did n't watch the same ama . 
  from my point of view , he dodged every question by deflecting or missing the point . 
  that 's when he did n't outrightly ignored the most controversial questions . 
  he got destroyed by reddit which constrasts with his previous ama s which were well received . 
  something has changed in his behavior and the community has n't been kind to him . 
  edit : i think [ that comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2ghp54/i_am_julian_assange_ama_about_my_new_book_when/ckj8zv1/ ) from 2014 is very relevant today . 
  immigration is just one of the issues for the fn . 
  it 's not their whole platform . 
  whether or not assange is actually coerced by or has partnered with russian - which after his horrific ama on reddit is really a good question , it is undeniable that part of the wikileaks staff is made of russian aligned agents . 
  twitter being the most obvious proof . 
   italians ca n't sell its stuff anymore there are industries for which italy is still the measuring stick . 
  tailoring is one , but then even new brand like boggi ca n't be half-assed to manufacture in italy , when there are examples of other mediteranean brand doing so ( el ganso , louis purple ) you have the knowledge , you have the best fabrics , but you do n't have the will . 
  \\ #triggered, 
  indeed , brother . 
  indeed . 
  flanders was a county which used to belong to the kingdom of france . 
  considering [ her advisor ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ddmcsefvs3q ) are whining like little bitch because france allowed fishers from the maurice to use the waters around one of its unhabited islands amongst the maurice archipelago ( tromelin , claimed by maurice , historically part of the archipelago ) . 
  they 're a bunch a opportunistic hypocrits . 
   * woooooosh * indeed - . - ', 
  i did not :(, 
  oh , i did n't know that . 
  thank you . 
   a while ago , i decided to quit my job and become my own boss as an `` entrepreneur '' ( you know , the concept we do n't have a word for in french ) and to create my very own company . 
  * entrepreneur * is a french word . 
  sure but identity is something handled at the federal level . 
  only local registration is handled in each state and you can not fault them for not knowing the multiple identities of immigrants . 
  they have no power to investigate these matters . 
  what would lejeune dirichlet do ? 
  integrate surely !, 
  you can get a job and be a productive member of this society . 
  illegal immigrants are parias . 
  that 's the difference . 
  bur rot-gr\u00fcn is n't in power right now ?!, 
  what the fuck are you babbling about ? 
  i 'm always wary of austrian giving advice to germans about autocratic crowd control . 
  it 's not , even / r/the _ donald thinks they are the one with critical thinking . 
  literally every side of an argument is of the opinion that they are the rational one . 
  the effectiveness of one own critical thinking , now there 's a decline . 
  i would trust anyone saying they are influenced by their own emotions over anyone arguing that they are purely rational any day of the week . 
  the bishops raped too many kids , so they is none one left in the churches now .
