  one more year without internal war . 
   hundreds of thousands ? 
  more like around 150 k ( 2011 uk census )  it 's mostly insecurity in their culture that has to be the most hilarious thing said in this thread . 
  in which world do you live where frenchmen are insecure regarding their culture ? 
   was n't a criticism . 
  i was genuinely asking . 
  sure . 
  i have no reason to be bitter . 
  france is still a magnificent country . 
  i do n't believe doomsayers whether they talk about france or any other country . 
  this article is garbage though . 
  because the financial sector is the main part of the uk economy along with services . 
  it is n't and it 's laughable that they would mention the latter as being somehow more important than the city . 
  it puts in question the intent of the journalist who wrote this article as well as the methodology of the study it stands upon . 
  i was merely pointing out the shortcomings of this very poor article based on a report with serious scientific failings . 
  and yes that was a complaint , yet you choose to criticize my fellow frenchmen for something i personally said . 
  france has better cooperation with all of its former colonies than the uk has with all its own except the developed ones . 
  and that 's even with our shitty post-colonialism . 
  the only redeeming thing for the uk on the world stage is the prevalence of their language but that may not be the case in 50 years . 
  as for the city , the financial sector can move very swiftly especially if new restrictions are put in place or the uk no longer has the same access to the common market - though i do n't think that often mentioned point would even prove true . 
  i have no doubt that the uk will continue to remain a leading country but the arguments advanced in this thread are just terrible . 
  as much class as an englishman could have i guess . 
  never forget the customary jab at france . 
  nevermind the fact that the uk 's economy was below france for a while after 2008 . 
  and oh look , no mention of the uk predominant financial sector . 
  ps : also the cebr is a for-profit consulting firm based in london and their report is n't even available to the public . 
  this is n't scientific at all , it 's just onanism . 
  because the economist needs to soothe its main public , the city high-rollers . 
   we do n't have a debt problem all relative . 
  germany had the same debt as france up until 2010 . 
  so for 5 years we had a bigger problem than our neighbors . 
  that 's a really short time ... and the situation of france should clear up in the next 5 years . 
   our labour market has no problems , but is n't two-speed that 's either a lie , or a plain misunderstanding of the word `` two-speed '' . 
  you have a main workforce on normal full-time contracts and the rest with shitty jobs with no work-security . 
  if that 's not two-speed , i do n't know what is . 
  hartz ii was such a success \\ s  business taxes are lower sure . 
  nominal tax rates are lower in germany but tax regulations are more complicated than just a single number . 
  does n't mean a whole lot . 
  most of the problem you mention are identical in western europe . 
  germany has the same issue , the only difference is that your industry is using the common market to its own advantage - with the consequences we all know . 
  coal mines ? 
  the royalty will be overthrown and a democracy ( or whatever we 're having in the future ) will be put in its stead . 
  it 's about you not making any sense . 
  are you particularly dense or is that a trait all spaniards share ? 
  no do n't answer , that was * ret\u00f3rico *, 
  what ? 
  all of them are french , that 's why it 's a national team . 
  yes . 
  and fuck you !, 
  if catalonia becomes a country , then it should have its own national teams . 
  that way maybe , spain will stop having bullshit wins in basketball . 
  the uk is doing much better by staying at a whooping 5.6 % . 
  / s source : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-kingdom/government-budget, 
  spotted the one not living the east germany !, 
  either strong islamists background or strong mafia background, 
  yeah it looks good when you see it live . 
  neo-liberalism is a right-leaning policy . 
  one decision that you do n't agree with do n't remove years of right-leaning policies . 
   i do n't mind the european union in principle , it 's how outrageously left-leaning it is as an establishment that puts me off . 
  if the commission had their way , white people would be reduced to minority status across the continent . 
  the european commission is the most right-oriented organ of the 3 european leadership structures . 
  you 're not only a xenophobic bigot , you 're also an ignorant populist . 
  it does n't really matter anyway . 
  france and the uk have very similar economies , and this `` i 'm doing it better '' thing for a few hundred millions is just childish politician discourse . 
  it 's a public city-funded library in paris . 
  and i doubt anyone is making a cult out of any public library name . 
  it 's just a way for politicians to acknowledge someone else 's work . 
   the fact that a private organization sponsored a library in havel 's name does n't mean he 's the greatest foreign president in the eyes of the french . 
  except i 'm not talking about a private library . 
  [ but a public one ] ( http://equipement.paris.fr/bibliotheque-vaclav-havel-8693 ) . 
  you lost an good occasion of shutting the fuck up . 
  library in english means a place where books are lended , not a place where books are sold . 
  this is a false-friend . 
  i think it 's the only one . 
  but i did n't even know vaclav havel was president at some point in his life . 
  i thought he was a writer , so it 's possible there are other in this case . 
  one of the only foreign president to have a library in his name in paris . 
  i 'm glad the uk is living soon . 
  2066 is approaching , and we might need a little war to fuel our economy . 
  you got some funny names . 
  i love it . 
  not according to [ merriam-webster ] ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/immigrant ) . 
  i understand what you 're saying , and it 's certainly a point of contention and argumentation . 
  however words have meaning , and i do n't like people basing their rebuttals on their own interpretation of the word , especially when they 're being assholes about it . 
  i agree , everything you touch must turn to shit . 
  what color do you want for your tag ? 
  i propose gray . 
  / facepalm, 
  glad to see you 're an expert in constitutional law . 
  i thought we were talking about education . 
  i guess i 'm not as smart as you are . 
  immigrant : a person that comes to a country to live there . 
  if they plan to get education , they can be considered immigrants . 
  the legality of their stay is irrelevant to the present discussion . 
  i do , so that 's one . 
  except the right to education has been confirmed in a decision by a court of law , the european court of human rights . 
  famously in a 1967 : [ relating to certain aspects of the laws on the use of languages in education in belgium ] ( http://hudoc.echr.coe.int/eng# { % 22fulltext % 22 :[ % 22education % 22 ] , % 22documentcollectionid2 % 22 :[ % 22grandchamber % 22 , % 22chamber % 22 ] , % 22itemid % 22 :[ % 22001-57525 % 22 ] } ) as for the right to work , you apparently have limited understanding of english because everyone in france bar prisoners and minors have the right to work , to freely choose their job , to favourable conditions ( though that 's obviously to the appreciation of the moment ) and finally do have protections against unemployment in the form of state support . 
   anything is possible on a piece of paper . 
  soon you 'll tell me that my life is only possible on paper and that i 'm not allowed to live because it costs too much . 
  and i hate to break it to you , but by rejecting the values we mankind swore to uphold i shall no longer give any worth to your opinions .
