intolerating intolerance is fine . 
  i 'm punishing people who are guilty . 
  they punish people who they do n't like . 
  exactly . 
  you 're not that stupid after all . 
  people like you are the reason many people in the west would just nuke russia if we could . 
  the us healthcare is a big industry . 
  it is lobbied like hell , it 's not a free market . 
  natural selection . 
   edit : had the british , french , or americans embraced fascism who knows what would have happened . 
  who knows . 
  but i do n't think insanity can last long in the west . 
  at worts a war or revolution sweeps it away . 
  it is certainly trash regarding their shows and programmes . 
  but their news is actually the last big non-government controlled news . 
  ( also the most watched ) . 
  the left was bad in every way , you are right . 
  that does n't mean the right is any better . 
  as for media : fidesz controls basically every major media outlet as of now except rtl , hirtv and index . 
  444 is not that big . 
  media is severely suppressed , and orb\u00e1n has directly threatened index . 
  protests . 
  i do n't think so . 
  hungarians like paternalistic systems , `` strong leaders '' , but they have always disdained dictatorships and authoritarian people . 
  orb\u00e1n plays most hungarians like a fiddle because he knows this . 
  afaik there was no law regarding minimum participation rate for a referendum to be valid back then . 
  do correct me if i 'm wrong though . 
  it 's pro-eu as of now , but after years of propaganda like this they can tip the balance imo . 
  a failed huxit referendum would cripple orb\u00e1n 's legitimacy , so if he wants to leave for real , he needs to build up the case to be fail-proof . 
  that will take at least another 5-10 years if nothing changes imo . 
  i would n't say it 's a dictatorship . 
  i doubt orban would cling to power and use violence if he lost an election . 
  but it 's definitely a skewed democracy . 
  a big part of hungarians think we can be somehow independent from the eu and russians too , like switzerland or norway . 
  they are completely delusional . 
  they also have 0 knowledge in history and geopolitics . 
  older generations and those who never went abroad also think somehow hungary is the center of the universe and everything revolves around us . 
  that 's exactly what i 'm talking about . 
  i 'm originally from a mid-sized city near the austrian border . 
  since many people work in austria so we 're naturally pro-eu , and many people speak german ( making them more pro-west ) . 
  my gf 's city is a has a big german car manufacturer , so they are also in favour of the eu . 
  though i 'm not familiar with other cities . 
  i live in budapest , all of my freinds are fairly anti-fidesz and pro-eu . 
  it 's still not the case for the majority of the country . 
  budapest and other big cities are fairly liberal and globalised . 
  the countryside is a different problem though . 
  the country needs money , not him . 
  he and his feudal lords are already wealthy and have income from all kinds of panamas . 
  as for hungary , there is a big portion who is completely brainwashed by orb\u00e1n . 
  if he says we have to leave the eu , they will agree . 
  not to mention maybe his plan is to make the eu retaliate . 
  and when they have to , we leave . 
  or they make us leave . 
  so the eu has to choose whether they tolerate eu or make us leave . 
  win-win for orb\u00e1n . 
  then he makes us a russian satellite . 
  i 'm sure i have to leave this country asap . 
  the day when leaving the eu is on the table is approaching fast . 
  and there wo n't be a referednum , or it will be cheated . 
  i 'm genuinely afraid . 
  i like this `` 5th biggest economy '' argument . 
  like , who cares ? 
  there are states in the us and china that can do that . 
  ya , but also symbolises how frail the eu is . 
  a little engineering problem or lack of maintanance and it crumbles with the train on it . 
  ugh , you really are clueless , are n't you ? 
  yeah , but then they are not religious , but political fanatics or radicals . 
  wtf is wrong with your definitions ... 
  what religious nuts ? 
  you are talkign non-sense , ceu is a secular , well respected university , the best business/economy school in the country . 
  meanwhile : the university i attend was largely given to matolcsy , the governor of out central bank . 
  you should really hear the state propaganda i hear in my mandatory classes . 
  it 's a fucking joke . 
  the only university in hungary that is relevant by international standards . 
  the really irony of this soros-hate by fidesz is that many of their leaders studied abroad with soros schloraships . 
  mr orb\u00e1n 's studied were largely financed by soros , and his party received huge donations from him when they started . 
  after all , they are the largest us missile base !, 
  germany went full berserk . 
  `` it 's been a long day without you , my friend and i 'll tell you all about it when i see you again we 've come a long way from where we began oh , i 'll tell you all about it when i see you again when i see you again '', 
  i never said that . 
  the rise of trump i think is showing europe we have to stand on our own . 
  regionalism will play a huge role in the coming decades . 
  europe must come together and face the problems coming together , be it immigration , russia or any hostility . 
  we need a united armed forces and more integrated economies . 
  goldman is n't an investor though . 
  they are a financial institution that helps investors find the investments . 
  goldman is n't even a retail bank , it does n't have deposits and loans . 
  444 was made by the former chief editor of index , p\u00e9ter uj . 
  they are extremely liberal and anti-orb\u00e1n / anti-right . 
  most of their content is like a blog and meming + their comment section is famous for trolling , though often very funny . 
  but when the big cannons like uj writes it 's really high quality . 
  index is a bit moderate , slightly left leaning ( though recently they are even more left ) . 
  they are much more serious in tone . 
  also probably the last big leftist outlet . 
  origo was also leftist , owned by telecom . 
  but the government bought it and now is state controlled basically . 
  funnily enough , there is a site called 888 which is the antithesis of 444 . 
  same format , same platform but very conservative leaning . 
  kinda like breitbart . 
  stfu , dutch sounds like a drunk scotsman imitating german !,
