  bannon is a madman who should be in arkham pumped with medicine . 
  it 's really crazy he has such power in his hands . 
   \u00d3rban managed to pass a constitution full of inovations what are you referring to ? 
  the cognitive dissonance of orbanites just hit a new high mark yesterday !, 
  i thought germany would be higher . 
  could someone explain why ae they `` low '' ? 
  to be fair , english has kinda of a dual vocabulary . 
  many words have a german and a latin form . 
  are there people who would go back in time happily , or do they just talk about this stuff , but once their facebook shuts off for 3 minutes they panic ? 
  i think she will win . 
  after all * that * in 2016 i do n't think it will stop . 
  brace yourselves . 
  well , winning an election and governing is an actual job . 
  sitting in opposition and spewing bullshit is much easier . 
   liberal conservative , liberal in the european sense though ( more like your republicans ) . 
  what ? 
  liberal in a european sense but they are like the gop ? 
  even the dems are conservative in a a european political scale . 
  a liberal in europe would be moderately left in the us . 
  talk about minority complexion and projection . 
  a lot of parties are going down the shitter these days . 
  well , if greece is not in the eu that pretty much means there is no eu . 
  most likely . 
  it 's not hard to replicate our gdp . 
   people thinking they 're doing the right ( no pun intended ) thing `` every villain is the hero of his own story . '', 
   the us was and is the biggest threat to peace in the world since 1945 . 
  you just conveniently left out something ... what was that ? 
  oh yeah , the soviet union/russia . 
  huh , it 's about quality too . 
  we are doing great in that department boys , 
  trump hits twitter as soon fox news mentions this . 
  hungary got a lot of money from eu . 
  politicians stole it . 
  end of story . 
  i just fucking said we ca n't ignore it . 
   there is no uncontrolled mass migration . 
  there is . 
  not just towards europe . 
  but towards a lot of regions . 
  denying this is delusional . 
  soooo does this mean the ukrainian war is closer to a peace ? 
  now i know trump did n't exactly got tamed by the office , but maybe if an eu country first elected a leader like trump here ( let 's say le pen ) , it might have been an enough shock to readjust the eu course and compromise in many areas . 
  but not a big enough shock to make the eu dissolve . 
  brexit might have been a big enough impact to damage the eu bigger in the long run than we imagine . 
  i consider myself a liberal , and yes , even liberals have to admit , that uncontrolled mass migration is a problem we must discuss . 
  we do n't need xenophobia , bans and such . 
  but we need immigration and integration reform . 
  i think the wind from populism 's and euroskepticism 's sails could be caught if liberals would admit this and started working on it . 
  you are right . 
  the west still does n't understand the post-truth weapon of russia . 
  a lot depends on how fast we can adapt . 
  well , hungary still is . 
  feelsbadman, 
  i just do n't know why people glamorise russia in the west . 
  i mean , okay if you are nationalistic , eurosceptic and anti-immigration . 
  but russia ?!, 
  look at that country and say you want an vg . 
  russian citizens life ? 
  they 're miserable af !, 
  worst case the gop does a coup ( with president bannon this is more likely than not ) and removes term limits . 
  though trump is a 70yo , obese man , with a stressful job , living on junk food and most probably takes a shit ton of stimulants and other prescription drugs . 
  the eu always responded every crises with deeper integration . 
  i agree that if le pen is elected eu is done for . 
  and most probably every eu state will slide into mediocrity . 
  but i have faith in the french ( + germans ) and their system this wo n't happen . 
  and again : gloibalism can not be stopped , mainly because technology and value chains . 
  also , people do n't even realise how they depend on globalisation . 
  onmce they find out they ca n't buy bananas and a gaming console costs 3 times as much , they will reconsider . 
  i think the main reason eu-china will be drawn together is globalism . 
  china and eu are really dependant on globalism . 
  provided the eu survives this wave of populism , the capital and product flows of each of these states will have to go somewhere . 
  us will be protected by tariffs and such . 
  russia has almost nothing to trade ( and too big differences ) . 
  so that leaves china and eu . 
  silkroad revival is incoming . 
  keep up romania !, 
  if an ee country fights corruption and wins maybe our country awakens too . 
  maybe ... 
  i think it 's important to stress that we do n't agree with trump and especially his methods . 
  but we are ready to cooparate with the us and discuss any problems they have . 
  this . 
  russia is scary , and the eu must overcome their petty arguments and stand united against the misery russia is spreading . 
   but during the last years it has increased its influence due to hostile propaganda and military operations this . 
  desinformation and cyberwarfare is a way to keep up in power . 
  they ca n't compete in economic or military fields , so they use sabotage , espionage and desinformation . 
  as a eu citizen i 'm a 100 % on the idea of pumping up nato spending , and even moreso creating a standing , unified eu army . 
   `` i 'll take care of military , you guys boom up '' more like we take care of your military , and you let us project our military power on the world . 
  the biggest advantage the us still has over china is worldwide navy bases . 
  there 's a reason china is taking over islands in the pacific and started to warm up south-american relations . 
  russia is a big , threatening thug . 
  he can mug you and press you against the wall , but next time you see you are prepared and outwit him or just simply punch him in the face . 
  then he gets away and gets drunk . 
  russia is a big , threatening thug . 
  he can mug you and press you against the wall , but next time you see you are prepared and outwit him or just simply punch him in the face . 
  then he runs away and gets drunk . 
  maybe the original hungarian invaders did n't know what money was . 
  they just took what they needed . 
  china-eu relations getting warmer after trump was so obvious . 
  even stevie wonder saw that coming . 
  i know man .
