  said that jokingly . 
  i think germany is definately the leading country in europe every way . 
  well , germans . 
  time to redeem yourselves . 
  i believe in you , you 're our only hope . 
  i 'm happy i 'm eu citizen atm . 
  though i fear we will end up the same ... only worse , because of the eu falling apart . 
  it 's not even the tax . 
  i could take high taxes provided i get something for it . 
  but i go to schools , hospitals and roads and they are falling apart . 
  half of the taxes we pay are simply stolen . 
  i live near the asutrian boarder , and many parents are sending their kids to austrian high schools . 
  emigration here is gutting the country . 
  well , hungary is shrinking big time . 
  we are really fucked demographically . 
  birth rates are low , emigration is high , imigration is non-existant . 
  and i do n't think government programs will have any big impact whatsoever . 
  not until a lot of stuff is fixed at least . 
  i do n't think it will cause any more problems than the us 's tbh . 
  the us 's foreign policy was a disaster in the last decade , and there is a reason why people ( and some countries ) distance themselves from it . 
  as a brit you agree that the iraqi war was especially a big blunder . 
  as far as i see the way of chinese influence so far is money and investing . 
  the reason china-eu is going to improve is i think inevitable if trump really starts isolating the us . 
  germans and chinese will need new markets and capital flows . 
  both are big economies and have what the other needs . 
  btw , do n't think i like the chinese . 
  i do n't . 
  i like the us better , it just seems to me the us with trump abandoned europe ( the unified europe anyways ) , get 's cozy with russia and seems to be starting a trade war . 
  the big part of it is technology . 
  the biggest problem with china atm is the lack of technology . 
  there is a reason why the chinese are buying tech companies and sending student to foreign universities like crazy . 
  i 'm actually surprised how optimistic is hungary with all this bs propaganda the government is making . 
  i work ( ed ) in a financial institution . 
  us based . 
  they were dead serious about relocating to frankfurt in case the passport is nullified . 
  i think in ten years the china will be a direct competitor of the us . 
  they are already stepping in as a superpower ( see davos ) . 
  and i suspect chinese-eu relations are going to get stronger . 
  this baffles me so much . 
  when people saying `` we can now open to the rest of the world , 500m people in the eu is a small market '' , they are just dumb . 
  - first of all , the eu traded with other countries as well . 
  it 's not like being part of the eu bans trade with the rest of the world . 
  - geography . 
  trading with the eu is much easier than trading with let 's say australia or brazil . 
  not just because of distance , but also infrastucture , networking and trust . 
  - income . 
  replacing eu citizens with africans is not as easy . 
  even a poor eu country is likely to be several times richer than lets say an avg african . 
  and their demands are different . 
  i guess the ethiopians will buy less jet engines than the germans . 
  - soft power . 
  sound great that the uk is the 6th largest economy in the worlds , but that does n't really do much in today 's standards . 
  some states in the us or provinces in china are bigger . 
  the uk is large , but not large enough to dictate alone . 
  the days of the emprie are gone now i 'm not saying that the uk will be worse off . 
  ( but i 'd bet it will ) . 
  but it 's gon na be damn difficult , and i the risk it involves is just gianormous . 
  doubt . 
  i think the eu will fragment even further , and everyone will be in a worse place in 20 years . 
  and then people will find something to blame on that again . 
  and do n't forget the basic `` if you do n't agree with me you are not a real * insert my ethnicity here * therefore you should leave my country '' rhetoric . 
  it 's pretty popular in hungary too . 
  we even have a mirinda-cookie . 
  i still have a tv , connecting it to a pc is the best way to enjoy video content . 
   not all cultures are equal . 
  i 'd rather say not cultures are compatible . 
  i think the biggest problem right now on the liberal side is that they do n't want to change their tone and stances . 
  merkel started slowly now , so there is hope . 
  i think in teh eu many people , the majority is for a more integrated europe , pro-trade and anti-russa . 
  but they also want secured borders and less immigration , more control and security . 
  so here the simple thign liberals should say : every refugee/immigrant coming to europe needs to be extremely vetted . 
  we also limit the number of immigrants . 
  we want to conserve europe 's heritage , culture and security . 
  and we want a more integrated , secure europe also . 
  we denounce russia too . 
  because together we stand . 
  that 's all . 
  liberals must let overly-pc things go . 
  they need to be more firm on these issues . 
  puns are already in the common language , soros means `` next in line '' in hungarian . 
  it 's because e and \u00e9 sounds different . 
  it 's not just tonal shift or something . 
  it 's actually really efficient . 
  wow , good for germany . 
  i 'm happy for you guys . 
  ps : but i thought you were already under shakira law :(, 
  what, 
   do you have date already ? 
  your government is working on that ? 
  we had when we joined the eu , but then bad government and the crisis happened . 
  adopting the euro is still an official goal , but there is no date and unofficially it seems to be a dropped agenda . 
  with all the crap going on in the ez there is no hurrying , and besides , as anti-eu rhetoric is picking up from the government , public support shrunk towards the euro . 
  i could n't listen ... 
  i had to close it after 10 seconds . 
  it 's just horrible :'(, 
  did you read my comment ? 
  `` where you pay your taxes '' . 
  unless 80m germans register for a job in denmark and pay their taxes there , it 's not gon na happen . 
  land of the free ? 
  that 's why ex-pats should ' t be able to vote in their homeland .
