  i 'd make it law in the eu : you vote where you pay your taxes . 
  simple as that . 
  even better when they move to western europe and they preach about immigrants in their homeland . 
  they literally do the same thing . 
  ( then they vote for a dictator . ), 
  murdoch is like a comic book villain . 
  hungarian cities almost all have these flats built in the socialist era . 
  there are complete cities made from these . 
  especially industrial or mining cities . 
  they are considered ugly and subpar now , but back then , after the war they were really useful . 
  they were better than nothing . 
  the problem is that most of them were built to be a temporary housing solution , with a life span of maximum 20 years . 
  now they are 40-50 + years old . 
  most of them are in terrible condition . 
  buying bamboozle insurance . 
  too bad . 
  i was hoping for some drama . 
  is this a contest between the us and the uk who can make the bigger fuckup ? 
  brace yourselves , now it 's the us 's turn to give a higher bid . 
  `` high risk , low reward '', 
  the problem is not a range or differing opinions . 
  the problem is when two sides do n't even agree on what 's real . 
  i mean , the discussion is becoming impossible when we ca n't even agree on simple arguments and facts . 
  when the rules are openly disregarded by a side . 
  depends , in hungary they give you the size in metric too . 
  there might be a law too , that sizes must be given in metric . 
  well , germanics did use a 12-based counting system . 
  that 's why 11 and 12 have unique names . 
  imperial system did make sense when dozen was the base , not 10 . 
  i mean , the rock at least seems to be a nice guy . 
  i knew , i was trying to be funny :(, 
  belgium 's song sounds like lana del rey . 
  what ? 
  billy 's frisur is completely different . 
  this german intro sounds like guetta 's titanium . 
  we have half the cast here . 
  cersei , drogo , samwell and now emilio clarke . 
  orb\u00e1n is a pos , but he is not discriminating or hating on gypsies . 
  after al there are a lot of gypsy voters . 
  dicks out boys !, 
  imagine this show in the us . 
  500m of ads and product placements everywhere . 
  bless us for not selling out . 
  trump is an oppurtinity . 
  you have to grab this disaster and overhaul the political system . 
  the majority of americans want those but the system is built against them . 
  ps : but do n't forget you have many things going for you . 
  i envy for example the us it sector or hollywood . 
  i actualy feel sad for the americans . 
  the majority of them rejected trump clearly . 
  a united europe is very much in interest of the usa . 
  the biggest loser of the eu is surprise surprise : russia . 
  there is nothing wrong with a decent right party and government . 
  the radicalisation of the right is the problem . 
  i still do n't know how reddit lets this filth on their site . 
  t_d is 100 % racism and hate speech . 
  they should be banned . 
  even in a toxic video game community you would get mutes for that shit ... 
  you can suck my banker , globalist balls t_d . 
  * this comment was sponsored by the george soros foundation *, 
  dude , it 's just a phrase ... 
  i know putin is highly capable . 
  uk could be soon 6th or 7th largest economy . 
  france and india has a good shot overtaking it . 
  it does n't really matter anyway , everyone is small after china and the us . 
  sixth largest military ... yeah well , the uk is small to have any significant military leverage over the big players . 
  they are not in 1890 anymore . 
  oh look , a russian preaching !, 
  libertarians are all in for small state , power to the free ( unregulated ) market and pretty much the highest possible social freedom/responsibility . 
  they are the successor of classical liberals from the 18-19th centuries . 
  it 's pretty much dead in the eu . 
  in america they are like a fringe ( but still the 3rd biggest ) party . 
  hey man , that 's cool . 
  we still have to figure us what we should do after we lost you and we ca n't follow you as you follow the germans . 
  to be honest , those turks who live in the eu and voted for erdogan 's unlimited power should have been sent back . 
  simple as that . 
  wikileaks is hypocritical and they are a political tool . 
  i could semi-understand an anti-establishment , anarchist group . 
  but they just pose as one , and are evidently puppets . 
  and as such , they have no right to claim moral high ground . 
  i think it 's time to admit the western world , but the eu is definitely at war with russia . 
  not with guns directly , but on an economical , political , cyberwarfe and media level . 
  we can not underestimate the madman anymore ... 
  you can see the moment when macron questions the meaning of existence . 
  god-empress of the anglokind, 
  i do n't want to be rude , but the general stereotype of americans is that they are ... dumb . 
  what 's your point , son ? 
  brain drain is not as bad as people say . 
  in fact many kids want to get better education to emmigrate , but then stays at home or returns . 
  i 've read a study that concluded brain drain is big , but without free movement the incentives of getting a high education would be lower and even more damaging . 
  you ca n't have rules without a mean to enforce them . 
  i hate orb\u00e1n , do n't get me wrong , but the whole situation is full of irony . 
  orb\u00e1n attacks the eu , then takes the money like a hypocrite . 
  then what does the eu do ? 
  gives him a lecture . 
  nothing else . 
  so fckign inept . 
  you want to show the strength of the eu ? 
  you want to enforce the values and rules ? 
  punish fidesz in the eu parliament , punish orb\u00e1n , punish the country .
