after finding out about all the wildlife you have crawling around on that island of yours , i 'll make sure to never set foot on it , 
  still want to visit mamaia some day, 
  baudet is a fantastic alternative for people who feel like pvv wont get anything done . 
  two opinion pieces are really a shitty source to back up your claim . 
  no usually takes a while , same as the positives . 
  still have to pay the full price for my honey pepper wodka . 
  end of the day its going to cost dutch tax payers money , and i just dont see what good it will bring the dutch people in return . 
  its what people who where against the referendum say to disqualify it or make it look less legit . 
  ah the classic pro europe responce : anyone who disagrees is uninformed, 
  editing the original comment , nice work, 
  [ another corrupt bottomless pit where we can throw our money at . 
  ] ( https://www.cbs.nl/en-gb/news/2016/50/netherlands-largest-net-contributor-eu-this-century ), 
  yea , just for fun . 
  no reason whatsoever . 
  mafkees . 
  sure given this side of the story this seems like a dick move by israel , but as a dutch person i 'm more outraged to learn my government is still throwing bricks of cash on the bonfire of terrorism , corruption and intolerance known as the palestinian state . 
  ca n't help but feel that if it was n't for the corruption and siphoning of every possible cent into their hatred of israel , just about every palestinian could be a millionaire by now from the amount of aid money the world has thrown their way . 
  350.000 euros to power 150 people at 4 people per family , so 38 families , 9210 euros per family . 
  i 'm sure all that dutch tax money was spent perfectly legitimately and the price of solar just happens to be double the average cost of an installation in the netherlands . 
  excluding from calculation the fact that there should be a cost savings associated with a powerplant style setup vs individual installations . 
  apparently it 's quite dangerous over there as most of the refugees that claim asylum in my country are albanian . 
  that would be intolerant . 
  plan to visit there in about a year or 10 , looks really nice . 
  where do i sign ? 
  had to read a bit first about asean , i 'm not really interested in that part of the world and know little about it . 
  but for what i read so far it seems like a good example ? 
  or how about nafta ? 
  why wouldnt it be ? 
  it happens all over the world and it was possible in europe before . 
  i see no reason why it could not be possible or sustainable now . 
  i mean to go back to the eec and to focus on trade , to have a economic union , not a political one . 
  i am happy for you  i hope we will someday follow or for the eu to change back to a trade agreement . 
  i did n't realize the ministry for state security was a thing again . 
  both news agencies with a agenda , all news agencies have a agenda these days . 
  all the same to me . 
  some is true , some half true and some is false , just got to question everything . 
  cnn has about 2.7 mill , evens it up a bit . 
  but we are expected [ to pay for it right ? 
  ] ( https://1k95i3bqziq3bboq03r87f8x-wpengine.netdna-ssl.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/2juneucontribsfinalweb-1.jpg ), 
  i cant wait till the day when the people who are now saying this is right get fucked over cause they voted wrong . 
  we did , and we got the same response as when we voted wrong during the referendum in 2005 . 
  the yugoslav wars . 
  edit : or ukraine right now . 
  one europe , one people , one government . 
  but we are not talking about america or the usa , it 's completely different . 
  this is europe , and a union that 's trying to take control over it . 
  they literally are two different things . 
  for the european union , not europe . 
  they are two different things . 
  mate , i too would rather see le pen win this , but dont act like a fucking child about it who didnt get what he want . 
  just congratulate them , and hope for better next time . 
  do n't be salty like the left during trump and brexit , be better than that . 
  sincerely , the european union . 
  ftfy on another note , congratulations to all who voted macron . 
  c'est la vie , better next time . 
  congratulations to the people who voted macron . 
  time will tell , 
  nationalism is and will keep rising as long as problems are ignored and laughed away . 
  even if le pen loses , look at how much fn has grown . 
  europe is not the same as the european union , one can love europe but be against the european union . 
  i really hope you will vote for le pen , the ever expanding union must be stopped . 
  i like the song by will smith . 
  place itself i know/care little about . 
  the united states of america . 
  every morning and after sports , so about 12 times a week . 
  shampoo i use 2 times a week . 
  i really like the russian rap even tough i only understand very little of it . 
  i think the language sounds good in rap music if that makes any sense . 
  i still have to eat my breakfast , but it 's going to be home made greek salad with chicken and lemon . 
  opgezwolle is the only dutch rap music that i think is really good . 
  the rest is all low quality garbage in my opinion . 
  [ hoedenplank ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cfzi-vwm58m ) [ gekke gerrit ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phkwdaiq938 ) sticks & delic are in opgezwolle [ spaanse vlieg ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftk7voud9om ) opgezwolle ft. jawat [ gekkenhuis ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r1vpmcregze ), 
  what a ugly , unfriendly and cold city . 
  [ opgezwolle ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phkwdaiq938 ), 
  in the netherlands as well , except for summers , those are too hot for me . 
  20 celcius in bergen seems nice , nature looks amazing over there and a high quality of life . 
  bergen , norway . 
  no , only watch normal football . 
  right wing ; we should do more for the environment , but i think we should do this by investing more in innovation , new sources of clean energy , and try to become a market leader on this rather than to tax the living hell out driving a car to work and eating meat . 
  i dont think its a bad thing , just completely different then where i live , while only 1 hour driving away . 
  i 'm dutch and i approve this message . 
  netherlands as well , in my opinion there 's quite a difference in this between people from amsterdam and the smaller cities ( where i 'm from ) . 
  english mostly , at least that was my experience last time i went there, 
  my own country when visiting amsterdam . 
  people in stores and restaurants dont speak dutch , people are a lot more direct and care little of what others do or say . 
  vitali klitschko , great boxer . 
  [ quite happy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_happiness_report ), 
  i like beer . 
  yea back than they went fully armed , now its way more sneaky slowly intergrating more and more . 
  i believe there was a conflict between maaskantje and schijndel back in 2008 . 
  when spoken not too fast i can understand afrikaans as well yes, 
  looks amazing , really love the costa brava, 
  yea was planning on that , probably going to rent a car and go a bit north to find some small bays . 
  speak dutch and english well , german a bit less but can still hold a normal conversation . 
  i understand the general content in a text of the germanic languages as well as french , spanish and italian . 
  recently started learning russian . 
  last time a country tried that it ended with the entire continent at war , so no . 
  mostly visit the beach , walk around the city sight seeing and im looking forward to visit the gracia festival . 
  edit : looks like im going to watch mcgregor - mayweather in barcelona !, 
  going to barcelona for 2 weeks , but still have to wait 2,5 months for that .
