the polish right does not like it . 
  contradicts warsaw uprising idiocy and the ak . 
  the idiotic ak didnt do an uprising and a soviet had maps for the demo . 
  so where there are gypsies the rates are high . 
  shock !, 
  for the down votes : between september 11 and september 14 red army resumes its offensive towards warsaw . 
  german and soviet airplanes engage in dog fights over the city . 
  soviet artillery shells german positions in praga , saxon garden and okenche airport . 
  http://www.warsawuprising.com/timeline.htm berling landings : stalin made friendly gestures ( probably thinking about the positive reception in the world , mainly in the usa and in great britain ) towards the fighting home army , practically in the middle of september , when the uprising was dying away . 
  he permitted the allied airplanes loaded with help for warsaw to land in ussr territory , and ordered to organize soviet air drops for the insurgents . 
  he also made the decision of landing in warsaw , organizing of which was assigned to the command of the polish first army . 
  the order was given to general berling on september 15th by the chief of staff of the 1st bf , general michail malinin . 
  http://www.sppw1944.org/powstanie/przyczolek_eng.html its not that the soviets were not involved . 
  they just did not support fully for political reasons and for stalins thinking justified . 
  getting downvoted doe truth ? 
  fun fact : soviets were involved and even took praga in september . 
  they even tried to make landings on the other side of vistula . 
  and also add math . 
  if only 4 % of the ak had weapons how could it get to 16000 killed with out the soviet offensive and 1 kosciusko reigiment offensive . 
  the number as reported by the germans in 44 and cited by both a german/polish historian is 2,500 kia by the home army . 
  yes i did . 
  not assumptions based on the reports from the germans . 
  not probobly . 
  his earlier writings can confirm it plus his acts are still a secret in russia . 
  not to meantion that buddy rzepeczki stayed in prl . 
  here are the non wikipedia numbers which most poles do not like sources : hans von krannhals , powstanie warszawskie 1944 , bellona , warszawa 2017 . 
  remember the ak did not have the weapons to create a high casuilty count . 
  only 4 % of the mobilized force of 36000 had weapons thats 4/100 . 
  those are the total numbers counting soviet offensive . 
  the number in actual uprising is 2,500 kia germans . 
  in polish but the summation is that only 2,500 died in uprsing . 
  but if you put in soviet offensive on praga and suburbs it gets higher . 
  premier mikolajczyk was in russia on july 30th . 
  where he was told by biera that stalin will not support the uprising . 
  polish leadership decided to force it , and then he met stalin on aug 3rd . 
  notes from meeting : what is this home army ? 
  what kind of army has no artillery , no tanks , no airforce ? 
  even not enough weapons ... 
  these are small partisant groups , and not a regular militirized force . 
  i hear the polish goverment gave an order to force the germans out of warsaw . 
  i do not understand how they will do it , they do not have the power to do it . 
  joseph stalin to mikolajczyk on aug 3rd from meeting notes . 
  only 2,500 germans kia . 
  yay sending kids with rocks vs tanks !!, 
  way to go leadership , bor-komorwski ( religous zealot ) , ouklicki ( nkvd spy ) , and chrusciel ( drunk ) way to go for setting back our culture 200 years . 
  francoism !, 
  which russia violated . 
  russia was meant to withdraw in 1999 . 
  russia pledged in november 1999 that it would completely withdraw its armed forces from moldova by the end of 2002 and would work out a schedule in 2000 for closing down its military bases in georgia . 
  russia has so far failed to do either , and the two small former soviet republics are increasingly anxious about the kremlin 's intentions . 
  truth-full answer . 
  francoism here we come !, 
  a union of church/state and general macierewicz . 
  go smack yourself with a bible . 
  i still see it as ugly . 
  for the first time since i had been in barcelona i went to have a look at the cathedral -- a modern cathedral , and one of the most hideous buildings in the world . 
  it has four crenellated spires exactly the shape of hock bottles . 
  unlike most of the churches in barcelona it was not damaged during the revolution -- it was spared because of its ` artistic value ' , people said . 
  i think the anarchists showed bad taste in not blowing it up when they had the chance , though they did hang a red and black banner between its spires . 
  george orwell, 
  reminder : ` we gave the americans a blow job , ' got nothing , says polish foreign minister '' http://www.newsweek.com/we-gave-americans-blow-job-got-nothing-says-polish-foreign-minister-255863, 
  radek sikorski : the only thing poland is good for in relations to the usa is giving them blow jobs . 
  yep , history , martial law , 
  gorbachev freed us from communism . 
  if it was andropov we would still be striking for crosses and mourning the dead . 
  part of it is . 
  not because im from poland . 
  but i think warsaw is best , not a building of glass and steel but actual brick , mortar and so on . 
  is this real ? 
  i thought the usa always vetoed except one obama time, 
  czech republic is awesome !, 
  interesting countries that historically had multiculturalism are the most antisemetic . 
  so is texas and new york . 
  i am not taking the police statement as fact yet . . 
  if they are correct about a polish woman helping them then they have a witness . 
  wonder when the witness will step forward . 
  https://fakty.tvn24.pl/ogladaj-online,60/przyjechali-uczyc-sie-o-holokauscie-wspolczesna-lekcja-nienawisci,752024.html from the polish news here one of the kids said they went to the police , but the police did not understand them , some polish woman wanted to help them , and the police later just laughed it off . 
  exactly !!, 
  kurski the head of tvp is reenacting the footage as we speak / s, 
  we are going to believe the same police that torutered a guy in wroclaw and said nothing happened till someone figured out that the taser had a video cam installed a year later ? 
  yes . 
  blame google translate . 
  but the essence is there , they wanted him to finish high school before making the decision and to graduate from university . 
  nope just showing the world who is really in charge of poland . 
  english translation : at the end of may , the eldest son of beata szydlo was ordained priest at st. nicholas in bielsko-biala . 
  the head of government did not hide the excitement and eagerly shared their impressions of the conversation with the catholic media . 
  the prime minister explained that her son `` always wanted to be a priest '' and despite parents ' requests to graduate from university before graduating from high school , he began teaching in a seminary . 
  today claims that this was the best choice for him . 
  on sunday , the primacy of the newly baptized priest timothy szydlo took place . 
  not only his parents : beata szydlo and her husband edward , but also the most important politicians of law and justice with jaroslaw kaczynski came to the shrine at jasna g\u00f3ra . 
  in cz\u0119stochowa father tadeusz rydzyk also appeared , but president andrzej duda was absent , represented by the first lady agata konrhauser-duda . 
  celebrations with the son of prime minister attracted a crowd of politicians . 
  mass was attended , among others . 
  minister of the interior and administration , minister of education anna zalewska , head of the prime minister 's office beat kemp , deputy speakers of the sejm joachim brudzi\u0144ski and ryszard terlecki , and government spokesman rafa\u0142 bochenek . 
  tymoteusz szydlo 's primitive mass was concelebrated by radio maryja 's father tadeusz rydzyk . 
  a sitting duck in war and a waste of money . 
  yay !, 
  it will be a problem . 
  reading comprehension and math . 
  survey .
