according to the finnish enviroment institute , there are 187 888 lakes/ponds in finland , but only 56 000 them are over an acre-wide . 
  others are more than five acres large . 
  sweden has more big lakes . 
  one reason they wanted it was to have a border with norway too . 
  i do n't know why . 
  if you 're searching for something different ... well , most finnish names for countries are just loans from swedish . 
  only sweden , germany , russia and estonia have `` unique '' names . 
  and austria , but only because it 's a direct translation . 
  i read from somewhere that britain and the usa would have intervened if they would n't have left . 
  because norway is important for the british defence and also for the icelandic defence , which in turn is important for the defense of the usa . 
  and norway was n't placed in the soviet sphere of influence in yalta anyway . 
  there was once an article in the finnish newspaper , where the author of the topic told what happened when he was traveling in the usa ( if i remember correctly ) . 
  one museum was collecting a database of visitors and countries from where they came from : - finnish , i said . 
  - what 's the name of the country ? 
  - finland . 
  - finland ... ? 
  the woman flipped through the options . 
  where is it ? 
  - near scandinavia . 
  - are there any other countries near ? 
  - russia , sweden , norway , estonia ... - we do n't have finland here , is it ok if i put russia ? 
  - sweden ? 
  - whatever ... 
  what 's the reason ? 
  `` it is not forbidden for foreigners to own land in finland '' but you ca n't buy land from \u00c5land unless you have lived there for five years , have a finnish citizenship , and know how to speak swedish . 
  i do n't think this has changed ? 
  edit : oh , it was a german husband and his \u00c5landic wife who used to own the area . 
  because the husband still had the german citizenship after the war they lost their home . 
  not really . 
  they measured sami skulls and concluded it must be so . 
  and because they thought finnish sounded `` weird '' and asian . 
  there 's a british freelance journalist and academic edward dutton who lives in finland , and still claims finns are mongols , who only trying to hide their roots because they are so racist . 
  i do n't know does he have any data to back up this theory , because i 'm too lazy to read his stuff . 
  french arthur de gobineau and a bit later swedish racial theorists claimed that finns are mongoloids . 
  not very nice stuff ( about finns nor mongols ) , but typical for the time , and it only ended some time after the ww2 because racial stuff become ... more unpopular . 
  you have never heard about it ? 
  it 's sometimes still used as a slur . 
  but how can it be : `` the population in southern sweden was relatively homogeneous and genetically close to the germans and british , while the northern subpopulations differed from the south and also from each other . 
  swedes and finns who live near each other in the north , are n't very close genetically , but surprisingly , the north swedes have a quite close genetic link with the south-western finns . 
  finns differed clearly from central europeans . 
  within finland , the genetic difference between eastern and western finns was striking , higher than between the germans and british . 
  the finns , particularly eastern finns , also showed reduced genetic diversity as well as an increased genetic affinity to east asian reference populations , but they are n't very closely related to russians either . '', 
  and if i remember correctly , estonians are even more related to russians than finns . 
  so that would mean russians are russian speaking estonians  ... 
  it makes it more ominous , 
  someone said the russian ship tried to give warnings with `` day shapes '' ( mast head signals ) , and with the audio signal about a danger of collision , but for some reason the captain did n't understand them . 
  because i do n't know anything about sailing or ships , i 've no idea is this true or not from the pictures ... edit : request for clarification came from sweden . 
  captain satu af ursin said they made a report because they were asked to do it . 
  they did n't see any need for it previously , because nothing really dangerous happened , it was just weird . 
  ... not to mention all the researchers were swedish ... 
  commander markus aarnio thinks it 's possible that they were doing submarine experiments there . 
  it 's the area where they usually test their submarines ( and the nord stream gas pipeline goes from there , too ) , but if that 's the reason he does n't understand why they acted so threateningly . 
  they could have explained what they are doing and politely ask them to move somewhere else ... it would have been easier . 
  so maybe it was something else , who knows . 
  ... um , far right ? 
  national coalition party ( centre-right , 44/200 ) social democratic party of finland ( centre-left , 42/200 ) swedish people 's party of finland ( centre-right , 10/200 ) christian democrats ( centre-right , 6/200 ) and then the opposition : true finns ( or the finns , they changed their name ) ( 38/200 ) centre party ( 35/200 ) left alliance ( 12/200 ) green league ( 10/200 ) and some smaller parties if you mean the true finns are a far right party , well according to them they are a `` workers party without socialism '' , whatever that means . 
  no wonder . 
  i guess she meant that they are being russified because they live in a such of important location , russia is afraid of separatism . 
  if they lived somewhere else they would be left more alone . 
  it 's not a long time ago when russia snarled at the finnish language researchers , because according to them there 's a possibility that they want to steal the russian oil , and are n't really interested in the finno-ugric languages . 
  and that russia should lead the finno-ugric studies because the finno-ugric heart is in russia . 
  i was just about to say that we drink coffee that some people would probably call poison ... most people do n't want to drink espresso or cappuccino , they want `` real '' coffee ... 
  `` that small piece is double the size of the territory the soviet union asked for . '', 
  yes , but the price was still way too high . 
  the isthmus was a home of about 430 000 finns , finland 's second biggest city was there . 
  and i said it was not only about the karelian isthmus . 
  they wanted more , a military base , finland had declared neutrality in 1935 . 
  foreign military base on the neutral soil would have meant that the country is no longer neutral . 
  not to mention it was the soviet military bases in the baltic states that helped to occupy the countries . 
  highly dangerous . 
  `` and the soviet union did n't like the idea of axis armies a few miles from their second city . '', 
  finland was willing to move the border a little bit , the only thing finland refused completely was the military base . 
  and finland was n't in the axis . 
  it was the soviet union that was friends with germany at the time . 
  if finland was so important , why germany was willing to `` give '' it to the soviet union in the molotov -- ribbentrop pact in 1939 ? 
  `` by the time peace was signed , the finnish frontlines had been broken . 
  if the soviet union had wanted all of finland , they would have simply continued the war for a few more weeks . '', 
  britain and france promised help to finland ( in reality their intentions were different , though ) . 
  the only thing finland would have needed to do was to ask . 
  and finland would have done that , even if that would have brought the war to the all of the north . 
  it 's also possible germany ordered the soviets to stop , because they were afraid the british will go through norway and sweden . 
  and when the war started , finnish goverment tried to start the negotiations again , finland was not ready for a war , but the soviets ignored the finnish goverment . 
  the only goverment to them was that puppet one ... until the british and french got involved . 
  only then the real goverment was good enough to start the negotiations with them again . 
  and why molotov started to whine to ribbentrop in 1940 : `` the german-russian agreement of last year could therefore be regarded as fulfilled , except for one point , namely , finland . '', 
  and `` under those circumstances he ( molotov ) did not understand why russia should postpone the realization of her wishes for six months or a year . 
  after all , the german-russian agreement contained no time limits , and the hands of none of the partners were tied in their spheres of influence . 
  soviets wanted from finland : islands , to build a military base on finnish soil , piece of the karelian isthmus , new northern border because the current one did n't look good , wanted finland to destroy fortifications that finland had built on the finnish-soviet border , and an anchorage for their navy . 
  for compesation finland would have gotten a small piece of their east-karelia . 
  finland did n't like the idea of the soviet millitary base so close to the capital . 
  and the people living in the karelian isthmus would n't have been happy to give their homes ( or be soviet citizens ) . 
  then the soviets attacked . 
  they installed a communist puppet government in a captured village , and declared that finland will be the finnish democratic republic and it will be united with the soviet karelia , like finland has always wanted . 
  they signed a mutual assistance agreement with the puppet goverment that was supposed to be confirmed in helsinki `` as soon as possible '' . 
  they used the same excuse with the baltic states and were at the moment in agreement with the nazi germany . 
  they wanted protect the border from the british and french , not from germany , according to them . 
  in november 1940 molotov visited germany and asked them a permission to solve `` the finnish question '' . 
  now germany said no ( well , they said maybe later ) . 
  no fjords in finland . 
  finland was surly ( does greece still need help ? ),
