  in the 1990s , the party fell into financial trouble , and was discontinued in 1995 . 
  the true finns party is the successor of the finnish rural party . '', 
  finland allowed its airspace to be used for flights associated with cia extraordinary rendition operations . 
  not sure what the others did . 
  `` whore '' must sound very similar in many romance languages ... 
  i mean , there were spanish people who thought the finnish song `` kaksi puuta '' ( two trees ) told about a whore ... 
  yes , but i did n't include them because they are n't wild animals . 
  what is the most dangerous mushroom then ? 
  the european destroying angel ? 
  i guess , during 1998-2011 wasps have killed 14 people . 
  according to statistics , moose and wasps are in the killer animal top 5 . 
  also puutiainen ( the castor bean tick , i guess ? ), 
  is quite dangerous . 
  but usually people are scared of wolves and bears . 
  when we feel comfortable and are surrounded with familiar people we feel we can trust , that 's true . 
  and then there are of course people who are not ashamed of anything or anyone . 
  ah , i just sent an application to get a job as a shop clerk . 
  i did n't get the job because there were 700 other applicants and they hired only one . 
  so it 's not so easy to get even these jobs . 
  and there are already more immigrants in sweden than in finland , so it 's probably easier for them to ... blend in . 
  and , at least in principle , you need to learn two languages - finnish and swedish - when you move to finland . 
  it 's not that easy . 
  this would lower wages of those industries and employers would hire only asylum seekers - and that would make finns , who also need jobs , angry . 
  of course employers would be happy . 
  does n't he live in thailand ? 
  or is he on the spot right now ? 
  hm , and english word `` home '' means `` mold '' in finnish . 
  but it 's pronounced differently . 
  in finnish chickens say `` kot kot kot '' , which apparently means something else in polish . 
  koko means `` whole '' or `` size '' . 
  they did n't want more than build a military base to the baltic states at first . 
  and in 1938 they wanted only some islands from finland , which finland would have been ready to give in 1939 . 
  but they had made a pact with germany and wanted more and more . 
  and it started because finland did n't want to give soviets a military base close to * their * cities and permission to deliver there weaponry through finland . 
  finland agreed to everything else . 
  would the soviet union agreed if nazi germany had asked them to build a military base next to moscow ? 
  i wo n't write here more of this stuff , this is an apprecation thread , after all ... 
  ... and that 's why they created a puppet government to the first conquered town and declared that finland 's old government has escaped to an unknown location and finland is the finnish democratic republic from now on and the red flag will soon fly in helsinki . 
  not to mention that molotov visited berlin in november 1940 and asked permission to solve the finnish question : `` the german-russian agreement of last year could therefore be regarded as fulfilled , except for one point , namely , finland . '', 
  i guess he meant * did n't * send waves of immigrants . 
  hm , why would there be more ? 
  usually when they move they move right away to bigger places than finland . 
  here they come usually through marriage . 
  and half of them are ingrian finns , but they speak russian . 
  ... i think they were called the most pampered minority in the world ... ? 
  okay , maybe it was only the new york times . 
  sigh , here is barely 19c . 
  the whole summer has been cold and rainy . 
  maybe , maybe ... but i also remember that your king visited here back then . 
  or maybe it was just an illusion . 
  then why it was published as a part of the memorial year of 2009 . 
  i mean norway was still part of denmark in 1809 ... 
  molotov said they did n't do it because people there were way too stubborn . 
  and stalin said even earlier that finns are a particularly stubborn and slow-witted ( thanks a lot ) people and one has to use a sledgehammer to pound some sense into their heads . 
  so appeasement would probably not have worked without the other things . 
  i mean , the baltic states did everything the soviets wanted before the ww2 , and it did n't help them . 
  edit : and of course you could n't get to berlin from here . 
  yeah , but you also made stamps in 2009 that said : `` one kingdom became two lands living freely and in peace , together we are a song for the new day and the sun has risen '', 
  because we are a palette swap england ? 
  or : where are you from ? 
  - no , finland - yes , yes england !, 
  i guess it 's those finns who used to live in russian karelia ? 
  about 7400 were either deported or killed during the purges of 1936-1938 . 
  finland never made a big noise about the matter because they were only finnish * communists * . 
  lovely ... 
  thought it was undestood in finland that they were killed because they were finns . 
  i think someone needs to find a better solution to supervise that the terrorist do n't get social benefits than this ... 
  the blue coloring is said to represent the country 's thousands of lakes and the sky , with white for the snow that covers the land in winter . 
  in reality the design can be traced to the russian navy ensign ( and scandinavian flags ) , which has a blue cross saltire on a white background . 
  originally the colors meant loyalty to the czar , and that 's why finland was allowed to use it as a merchant flag ... ha ha ha ... it kind of stayed because finland got too used to it . 
  finland and estonia did n't expand their territorial waters to the full size . 
  if they had done so , russia could still use the waters but they would need to inform finland or estonia every time their war ships or government vessels would arrive to their area . 
  i think swedish is counted as a native language . 
  well ... they are ready to negotiate but wo n't accept a bad deal . 
  i think they are just trying to sound tough or something . 
  a tire flew off and hit to the audience . 
  two children , 5 and 6 years old , are badly injured . 
  and dolf was only part crow himself , his beak was yellow , he just painted it black to hide the fact . 
  he 's dosentti ( docent ) , but people usually call him desantti ( a person who works as a spy or a saboteur behind enemy lines ) batman . 
  `` lumisade '' , snowfall, 
  i guess `` lauantai '' is a loanword from the germanic word , which in turn means a bath day ? 
  and saturday is still a very popular day to go to a sauna . 
  if a polish person uses a bad example , it entitles you to use old swedish/norwegian racist stereotypes about finns ? 
  ok then ... 
  he is whatever he needs to be ... 
  finland has already paid its eur 1.44 billion capital contribution to the european stability mechanism in one instalment in 2012 . 
  so the money to greece would come from there . 
  the governmet is just discordant would it break the government programme or not , and could they use it as a loophole . 
  like that would n't have been the case without this whole bailout crisis . 
  and the first bailout was paid without much complains anyway ... 
  well ... even if those countries would have agreed to all the bailouts immediately , i do n't think a lot of countries would have done much anyway even if russia had started to act up again . 
  they have never cared because they live so far away , why would they be suddenly so concerned now ? 
  yep , our tabloids said it 's 90 % up to germany because they alone are big enough . 
  we are in recession and no growth in sight ... so our politicans are n't so dear either . 
  no ... that 's why it 's weird that only us caused so big headlines . 
  they have talked about a temporary grexit only , and the finnish government have n't confirmed the rumor about finnish support . 
  and even if finland is against the bailout , if the majority wants the bailout package then finland needs to pay anyway . 
  after the first greece bailout package the social democrats promised it was the last one , it was the election year . 
  later come clear that it was n't the case , there were still other countries that needed those . 
  now , the true finns party started to accuse the social democrats of lying to the voters and eating their words , so they had to take a hard stance , but they still lost voters .
