  chairman of the finnish islamic council anas hajjar has estimated that in finland lives 65 000 muslims . 
  maybe more now . 
  `` resembles a voice that can be hear when a finn puts a finger on their lips and whispers ` hush quiet ' '' the pigs are apparently too noisy ... 
  but now that i listen it from youtube it does sound a bit like `` aah hiljaa ! '', 
  everyone who starts to study russian here is apparently afraid of \u0441 , \u0437 , \u0448 , \u0436 , \u0446 , \u0447 , and \u0449 . 
  they are also one of the main reasons why people give up the language . 
  people just do n't hear any difference between them . 
  [ every learn language site has something about them ] ( http://info.edu.turku.fi/most/tutustuminen/suhinat.htm ), 
  [ a comic about those virgins ... ] ( http://www.hs.fi/fingerpori/s1349781084155 ), 
  hm ... unfortunately finns do n't lack of facial hair , 83 % are n't lactose intolerant , but the firewater part may be true . 
  we have been in trouble already for years . 
  and they have n't even started their austerity program yet . 
  subtitles are wrong . 
  he said : `` this food is too bad even for a dog . 
  this is for women a problem . 
  problem . '', 
  or something like that . 
  i think it was from that finnish food strike . 
  but he said it 's not for even dogs , and their women do n't like it . 
  they wanted money and a kitchen to make their own food . 
  -6 celsius in november is perfectly normal . 
  and it 's been unusually warm anyway . 
  but this is the month when some people usually get seasonal affective disorder ( winter depression ) . 
  sad is measurably present at latitudes in the arctic region , such as northern finland ( 64 \u00b0 00 \u2032 n ) where the rate of sad is 9.5 % ( because no sun ) . 
  when finns say they are going to travel to europe , they usually mean france , germany or maybe italy . 
  sometimes poland . 
  all the other countries are called by their names . 
  it 's possible . 
  although we have a last name `` suomalainen '' ( finnish ) , too , and not all the finns are called that . 
  is it after river neva ? 
  i mean , neva is one of the many words for swamp in finnish . 
  ruotsalainen ( swedish ) , ven\u00e4l\u00e4inen ( russian ) , and virolainen ( estonian ) are quite common last names . 
  edit : and maybe juutilainen , which means the jutes . 
  is it a mistake ? 
  in 2006 \u00c5land was the 20th wealthiest of the eu 's 268 regions , and the wealthiest in finland . 
  no , it 's about social welfare and healt care reform . 
  politicians have argued about it for years . 
  there is already finnmark , it 's part of norway . 
  he belongs to that pacman camp . 
  then there are at least one priest , one english teacher , lawyer , and a woman whose name nobody remembers and who has been quiet lately . 
  and some others who are n't so noisy . 
  cute . 
  this is like finland m\u00e4n again . 
  boats are also called `` paatti '' in finnish , but `` vene '' is the official word . 
  that 's why venemaa sounds funny , boat land ... 
  does it mean a russian village ( like in venemaa ) or a boat village like it sounds in finnish ? 
  does `` vene '' even mean a boat in estonian ? 
  karelians who live next to finland are language relatives of the finns ( finnish karelians speak a karelian dialect of finnish , not a different language like russian karelians ) . 
  but if i remember correct , today only 7 % of the karelians are actually ethnic karelians , and even less speak karelian , the rest are ethnic russians . 
  so i 'm not sure do they differ from the rest of russia that much . 
  some other refugees already said that going to strike because of food was stupid . 
  they admited that they also think it 's not very tasty , too bland , but that tantrum did n't make any sense . 
  no , they wo n't get an asylum , job seeking is be a completely different process . 
  even we have two other similar holidays , easter and st. knut 's day in western finland ( where easter witches are almost unknown ) . 
  russians are one of the biggest group who apply for asylum here . 
  chechens , russian sexual minorities , but also russians who tell their reason to apply for asylum is that they are afraid someone will steal their money if they stay in russia , or they are looking for a job . 
  we are going to make it harder for iraqis . 
  we get them from sweden because sweden would send them back to safe areas of iraq . 
  and if sweden thinks there is safe enough for them ... well , i trust them . 
  3200 is just the eu quota , we still get 100-500 iraqis a day through sweden ( not as many as there used to be ) . 
  i just read we will get ( or maybe they are already here ) 50 eritrean asylum seekers from italy today . 
  the total amount will be 3200 . 
  they are still keeping most of them . 
  that 's true . 
  there are three different sami groups in finland ( their languages are n't mutually intelligible with each other ) . 
  the biggest group is doing ok , but the situation with the two smaller language groups is different , especially if people keep moving to south , separating from each other . 
  sometimes they feel they do n't belong to anywhere ; in russia they are finns and in finland russians . 
  very simplified version : if both of the brown eyed parents have blue eyed ancestors , it 's possible for their child to have blue eyes . 
  `` recessive traits like blue eyes can lie dormant in the genes for hundreds of years waiting for the chance to awaken and be seen . 
  that chance comes when two carriers come together and have children . '', 
  estonian , russian - other - ? 
  i think it 's called sea lion because the cable will be in the sea and a lion is a common heraldic animal of finland . 
  nobody remembers names of all old invasion plans , or would people know why `` fir east '' would make some people to raise their eyebrows here ? 
  doctors are recommending more vitamin d even for us , but the darker your skin is the more you should eat the vitamin during winters . 
  and if you do n't drink milk ( added vitamin d so that we would get more of it ) , you need to eat those pills even more . 
  this is what happened here when the social services believed what the father told to them and they gave his girl back to him and his girlfriend : `` eight year old vilja eerika died of suffocation in helsinki after a long-term assault and battery on mother 's day of 2012 . 
  the father of the child and his girlfriend were sentenced for life . 
  the girl had suffered daily torture , humiliation , violence , and deprivation of liberty . 
  she had 89 marks of abuse on her body when she died . '', 
  i do n't even want to descripe how she died , but even after her death the father and his girlfriend denied they had ever tried to harm or kill her , they were just trying to teach her to behave . 
  the social services got all the blame because they had n't acted even when several people - including the girl 's mother who had given up the custody of her because she had problems with alcohol - had reported about the guardians . 
  when the girl was asked where she got bruises , she just said `` i do n't know '' , sometimes they were from her hobbies . 
  the social services said the reason was that they are overwhelmed , and it 's impossible to help every child in need if they do n't get more resources . 
  ( they were both finnish , at first it was believed that the girlfriend was a franco-moroccan doctor because she told that to everybody , but in investigations she turned out to be a seriously mentally ill finn , and not a doctor . 
  the father was described as a really nice man who had a warm relation with his daughter . ), 
  * i 'm not saying the mother is lying in this case * , but their job is really hard . 
  they need to decide when it 's nothing serious and when it 's the real case . 
  i had already written street , and i was too lazy to fix it ... 
  you mean those swedish experts who have angrily told to us since that happened , that there are enough room for millions of refugees in finnish forests ? 
  nobody wants to live in a forest ... 
  there are so many theories about where finns came from that nobody knows which of them are true , here is some more recent information if someone is interested : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finns#genetics http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2015/05/150511095358.htm, 
  maybe some of them think christians from their region are traitors , but for outsiders it 's mostly ok because they are strange anyway ? 
  rantatie ( coast street ) , kirkkotie ( church street ) , koulutie ( school street ) , myllytie ( mill street ) , rinnetie ( slope street ) etc. 
  these are the most common . 
  better translation for `` tie '' could be just road . 
  hm , i 'm pretty sure we have more than one completely nutcase nationalist here , and there 's not much that can be done about it . 
  i just meant that the title made me think this has happened again but this time there were a lot of people in kkk uniforms . 
  when i saw this i thought they did that again , and this time there were many of them . 
  this happened already a week ago , and there was only one person who was wearing that kkk uniform . 
  `` when i recently asked one of the very few syrians i met in oslo why he had chosen norway , he said , ' i thought oslo was in sweden . ' '',
