  because it 's doing quite badly herself , and it 's only getting worse . 
  and those bailouts , they did n't really even help the ordinary people ( at least that 's what those who did n't like them thought ), 
  sweden did n't have to : in the early 1960s u.s. nuclear submarines armed with mid-range nuclear missiles of type polaris a-1 were deployed outside the swedish west coast . 
  range and safety considerations made this a good area from which to launch a retaliatory nuclear strike on moscow . 
  the submarines had to be very close to the swedish coast to hit their intended targets though . 
  as a consequence of this , in 1960 , the same year that the submarines were first deployed , the u.s. provided sweden with a military security guarantee . 
  the u.s. promised to provide military force in aid of sweden in case of soviet aggression . 
  this guarantee was kept from the swedish public until 1994 . 
  hm ... it was agreed already in yalta , that finland belongs to the soviet sphere , so no one even tried to `` force '' it to nato . 
  the only difference with the others was that finland was never occupied , so the only ways to try to influence it was by threatening or by sweet talk - which gave birth to finlandization . 
  that makes more sense : `` oarje '' . 
  but in some sami languages it apparently means west . 
  or are they udmurts : there have been claims that they are the `` most red-headed '' people in the world ? 
  `` orja '' ( slave , from `` arya '' which originally meant human ) and `` vasara '' ( hammer , from vad\u017era ) are some of the first loanwords from the indo-iranian languages . 
  but `` south '' is `` etel\u00e4 '' , and i do n't think it has anything to do with arya ( unless the word used to be different ) . 
  then `` finnish '' started to get loandwords from the baltic languages ( 2500-2000 bc ) , like words for a tribe , bride , sister etc. 
  there are over 130 old loandwords from the baltic languages . 
  they are all rather friendly loans . 
  then germanic loanwords ( 1500-1000 bc ) . 
  there are about 500 old germanic loanwords even today , like probably `` kuningas '' ( king ) next were loandwords from the slavic languages ( 600 a.d. ) , like words for a cross , pagan etc. 
  and then loandwords from swedish . 
  the oldest are from 800 a.d. 
  what is that weird small spot in eastern finland ? 
  and i do n't think there are finnish/karelian speakers in the karelian isthmus . 
  they were replaced by russians long time ago ... unless so many karelians moved there later from russia . 
  germany is a stripper gnome ? 
  and my country is a whale ? 
  and then there are words that look the same , but the meaning is completely different ... like estonian `` maasika '' ( strawberry ) . 
  in finnish maasika would mean `` ground pig '' . 
  `` you said crimean referendum did not meet international standards , so we say this did n't either '' , probably . 
  lost in a forest really means lost in a forest ... there was that one foreign berry-picker who was never found . 
  or maybe it would take only a day ? 
  they just do n't bother to threaten us because we 're not in nato . 
  they want to show off to nato ... 
  greens hate all nuclear reactors , not only russian-built . 
  so are they just using `` finlandisation '' as a weapon against them , or are they right ... 
  this nuclear project was agreed before what happened in ukraine , but maybe they should just cancel it . 
  you mean finnish samis ( many sami regard lap as pejorative term ) ? 
  they have never had any violent separitist movements , and most of samis live in norway and sweden anyway ( 6000 in finland ) . 
  why russians see women soldiers everywhere ? 
  in the winter war they were sure they saw women-sharpshooters ( they were usually in the trees ) . 
  they had red hair , were pale as death , and they were usually barefoot ( so they could n't leave the tree ) . 
  me\u00e4nkieli means `` our language '' and in finnish it would be `` meid\u00e4n kieli '' . 
  at least i understand that example of me\u00e4nkieli from the wikipedia without a finnish translation , so it 's quite similar . 
  i do n't understand what would change : in theory all the finns should be able to speak finnish and swedish , both are mandatory languages in schools . 
  well , a quite big percent of finnish speaking finns do n't understand a word of swedish . 
  swedish speaking finns understand more finnish because they hear it more often , but there are some areas where it 's not a common language . 
  no wonder when some of their newspapers claim that finland wants to be russia 's hong kong , in march and again last week ... and because what happens in ukraine . 
  i wonder what is the finnish orthodox church 's stance on this issue ... probably the same ? 
  and it 's nothing unusual . 
  the last time someone was kidnapped from finland like this was when stalin was still alive . 
  `` finnish premier alexander stubb says that finland supports the eu 's new package of sanctions against russia . 
  following an ad hoc session of the government 's eu ministerial committee monday evening , stubb said however that the timeline for enforcement of the new measures is ` challenging ' . '', 
  no finns in that batallion . 
  but does n't nato think like this too ? 
  and that 's why they do n't want to build those nato bases there ... 
  hm ... that 's exaggeration . 
  finland occupied areas that were taken from her and also russian karelia . 
  then made the promise to the usa that they wo n't go any further . 
  so there was a little hole all the time . 
  even zhdanov did n't accuse finland of the attack to the city , but said finnish troops were sitting in a bad spot , they did n't know what they are going to do or will they just stay there . 
  the same with finland . 
  nato plan was to nuke finnish airfields , airstrips , key road and railroad junctions . 
  soviet plan was to prevent nato planes using finnish airspace by using nukes . 
  sweden was promised help in this case , they would have asked for western help and were ready and willing to use up to 23 nato nukes ... to nuke finland . 
  so neutrality is pretty useless thing anyway . 
  nato is already close to st. petersburg because estonia is a member . 
  and no winter war -  no continution war . 
  finland declared neutrality in 1935 . edit : and i do n't mean the attack was acceptable because what had happened before , if someone thinks so . 
  it 's just that it 's really hard to stay neutral unless your country is on the right spot , or you have nukes so no one dares to touch you . 
  not really . 
  russians are slavs who populated the area where finno-ugric tribes used to live . 
  they are much more slavic than finnic . 
  the same , but they usually do this when something is annoying them . 
  probably that nato host nation agreement . 
  our lactose free milk trade has also stopped , because ... there are some papers missing or something ... 
  i 'm wondering this too ... and estonia is already close to it , if that 's important . 
  it was after a estonian russian mother kidnapped her son to russia from finland , and his finnish father kidnapped him back with a help of a finnish diplomat . 
  well , kidnapped and kidnapped , russian authorities agreed the father had the custody of the boy , but then they did n't allow him to cross the border . 
  they lived in the finnish embassy for weeks . 
  so , the diplomat smuggled the boy to finland in the trunk of his car . 
  then russia wanted to start an agency with finland where they would protect the rights of russians in the custody battle cases / or when someone is accused of a child abuse ( there were couple cases where the mother was russian ) . 
  so russians could live in finland according to russian laws . 
  finland refused . 
  and then jb and his followers went crazy . 
  and of course he wrote weird stuff even before this . 
  that finland has the oedipus complex towards russia : russian culture is the mother , and russian military is the father . 
  finland would like to kill the father and to be only with the mother . 
  and only because the father has needed to punish bad finland couple times . 
  jb is n't only after estonia , hates finland too . 
  we 're apparently kidnapping russian kids from their loving mothers and putting them to camps ( somewhere in lapland ) where we torture and rape them and teach them to be gays . 
  i ca n't even read his blog anymore . 
  if finland tries to join one day , processing of the application will take at least a year . 
  russia would go crazy , there would be a lot of troubles with the trade or it would end completely . 
  they would probably announce that we are fascist gay marionettes of the usa / et tu brute ! , and that we want to kill them all or something like that , and other nasty things would happen . 
  and all the members need to accept the application . 
  it 's not a sure thing because of finland 's location , and if after all this it would be denied , finland would be in a big trouble . 
  finland did that ... let 's say in 1944-1960 . 
  was even called the `` russia 's problem child '' in secret american papers . 
  but finland was pretty much alone , it was even advised to calm down by the west or something bad may happen , and no support in that case .
