  but almost everyone chose english because not many want to study three languages and you just had to pick the most important one . 
  then swedish was mandatory from 7th grade , and i have heard they want to start it already from 6th grade because almost nobody learns it now . 
  i would be worried if there were that many of these guys . 
  something positive about darkness . 
  but yes . 
  summer could be longer , though . 
  i hate to wait for it nine months especially if it turns out to be a disappointment . 
  i 'm ok with refugees , those whose lifes are in danger , but some of these guys who are n't satisfied with anything or are clearly just lying about certain things ... well , they should go back . 
  here they follow the local time , the only exception is that if they live really north and there 's dark for only one hour , they can use the time of the nearest mosque ( at least in 2012 it was so , maybe it 's easier for them now ) . 
  at least i have n't read that they would have reconsidered it . 
  finns were building fortifications that protected also russia ( or mainly russia ) , and there were those volunteers . 
  i guess that was enough , or maybe they were afraid finland would start an armed rebellion , and then they would need more soldiers there . 
  finland was quite calm even though people there were angry . 
  i tried to find something positive ... and you ruined it . 
  when you were a kid it was fun to play outside with a flashlight !, 
  well ... russia just built that new mosque ... 
  they did n't try to draft anyone from finland , there was russification going on and finns were sulking so badly they were classified as unreliable . 
  finns were paying military millions instead . 
  some of them go back to sweden when they get disappointed in finland too . 
  not sure will they stay there . 
  about 800 finns served as volunteers in the russian army ( ~ 200 died ) , and 1900 were fighting in the german army ( about 20 died ) . 
  then there were some finns in the armies of france , britain , australia , new zealand , united states and canada . 
  i think it was denmark ? 
  they said ( or at least one political party said ) they can take a lot of refugees if they all return back home after the war is over . 
  according to sipil\u00e4 , finland is ready to bear our part of the burden , but does n't support permanent mandatory quotas where reluctant countries are forced to take people against their will . 
  that 's why we abstained from voting . 
  ... where is that really from ? 
  there was a case in espoo , where jersey barriers ( in finnish betoniporsas , concrete pig ) that were shaped like real pigs were removed because they were ugly , expensive and because one finnish pastor said they will offend the local muslims . 
  people thought the muslims wanted them to be removed after that ... 
  there are still rumors that even ordinary jersey barries hurt the feelings of muslims . 
  they have never hurt our jews or tatar muslims , why would they be so awful to the newcomers ... 
  `` nawid from afghanistan seems to be confused about the topic , how the finnish girls dress is not a problem for him . 
  - i just want to learn finnish and start my studies . '', 
  refugee centers are too full , there are too many people in small rooms . 
  groke just wants friends and warmth . 
  it 's not her fault that those who she hug will probably freeze to death . 
  they have been complaining that our refugee centers are so full it makes them distressed . 
  and that they are dissapointed they did n't get a job right away . 
  i wonder who has spread nonsense to them , probably the smugglers . 
  mannerheim might be an old hero , but he is n't very well liked there and i understand why . 
  if i remember correct , putin did laid a wreath on his grave once . 
  but i do n't understand why would they want us to get rid of alexander ii ? 
  even they have a statue of him , it 's newer than the finnish one , though . 
  we even have alexander i here , he 's just more hidden than his predecessor . 
  the soviet union sometimes whined about those imperial statues , and exploded in rage when we repaired the stone of the empress in 70s . 
  but when the union collapsed , the same person who had written those condemning articles admitted that it was quite touching gesture in reality . 
  `` you can not show anger ; it means you ca n't cope . 
  if a person is very temperamental and alive , expresses emotions like anger and happiness , the person is seen as infantile . 
  even among nordic peoples , the finns ' stolid nature stands apart . '', 
  you just need to be stoic . 
  there are room for only 20 people , 30 000 is a bit too much . 
  go home isis ? 
  but the wall behind her ( ? ), 
  says welcome . 
  and they were a human wall only a short time , it was mostly a demonstration through the town . 
  usually people from the south get used to the cold weather quite fast . 
  it 's the ( almost ) 24/7 darkness that makes them go crazy . 
  our food is mostly swedish , though . 
  i do n't think we have much our own dishes . 
  but after that our voters voted britain to get the olympic games instead of france . 
  probably these people who are now protesting were n't the same ones who were criticising . 
  and finland was in trouble already back then , but our government did n't do anything . 
  and now that they try to do something , people are angry too . 
  those who had a german citizenship , had a dual citizenship ( this was possible after 1929 , but to soviet union they were only germans ) , or were married with a german lost their civilian property/company . 
  you did n't need to be a nazi , if you were a german or almost a german that was enough ( maybe some of them were , who knows , they did n't care much about that back then ) . 
  not a nazi owner , just a german who had n't given up his german citizenship when he married his \u00c5lander wife in 1938 . 
  oh , and i think his wife actually owned the plot , soviet union just decided that the wife turned into a german when she married one . 
  i said england !, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/richardson_family_murders here is what wikipedia says about the matter . 
  finlandization and the iron curtain are n't the same things , though . 
  finland was working with the both parties ... and are n't northerners also westerners ? 
  i do n't think so , this happened in 2006 . 
  was twilight popular already back then ? 
  this reminds me of that one case where a 12-years old canadian girl and her 23-year old boyfriend ( who claimed to be a 300 year old werewolf ) , killed the girl 's whole family because her parents did n't approve their relationship . 
  finnish pm listened the worries of the refugees . 
  one of them said he may look old , but he 's only 17 years old . 
  in reality he 's apparently 20 and not a refugee . 
  i read that emily_americana 's answers , and once she ( or maybe i should say he ? ), 
  said : `` i have numerous fake personalities online , and many of them are very fleshed-out . 
  some of them are male , while others are female . '', 
  how exact this is , i mean he was born in finland , and his parents were russians who escaped here already during the october revolution . 
  do you mean in estonia ? 
  or have i missed this completely ... 
  now that i have heard more about this , i think this tax raise is more like a symbolic gesture ( like the one where our mps give up their salaries for two weeks , ministers for one week ) . 
  they have cut from the poor and middle class and they have to cut probably even more from them in the future . 
  they say that everyone must participate in this , so they need to raise `` the wealthy tax '' a little bit too , otherwise the other classes will strike even more than they do now . 
  the raise is so small it does n't even give much tax revenues , so it will be used on refugees . 
  stubb really said so in finnish too . 
  i think sipil\u00e4 ( finnish pm , who offered his house to refugees ) said that they do n't support mandatory quotas , and that everybody needs to help these refugees , but it needs to be voluntary . 
  iraqis and somalis have already relatives here , so it 's easier to come here , to syrians finland is quite unknown , unlike sweden . 
  albanians are usually sent home right away . 
  refugees from russia are usually chechen and ingush refugees . 
  maybe it evolved again and you just did n't notice it . 
  the government of \u00c5land has been eager to have a refugee center too , but 800 could be too much ... 
  when they were going to share 40 000 refugees between the countries it was 800 , but now when they are sharing 120 000 , it 's 2400 . 
  at least if you believe iltasanomat . 
  i thought they want other countries to take refugees from italy , greece and hungary to ease their burden ... 
  `` a cute boy who is fighting against the whole world to archieve the perfect world , the world that is preached in the books . 
  and he loves only me , and i feel like i belong to the group . 
  no matter if i have a secondary role , it 's how it 's supposed to be . '',
