  maybe then when the most of our leaders are from the younger generation . 
  same sex couples can register a partnership , but it 's not same as marriage . 
  finnish romanis do n't usually beg , and they almost always wear their traditional dresses . 
  but i guess romania and romani sound so similar people automatically think they are from there . 
  well , the ussr had certain types of concentration camps for finnish civilians as well ( those few who failed to escape during the winter war ) , and especially babies and old people died there , but it should n't be an excuse . 
  it 's always bad when people start to die in those camps ( not enough food , bad treatment etc ) . 
  i remember these things from school , so at least it was taught in my school ... 
  we have muslim tatars also here in finland . 
  they immigrated here during 1800-1900 from russia , and are a really tiny minority . 
  i would n't call them radical in any way . 
  dugin actually visited finland last month and denied that he has ever wanted to annex finland . 
  he said he has only referred to the frontiers of russia which should be broader , but has never called for an invasion . 
  it 's history and borders are changing . 
  he also said he 's a great friend of finland ... 
  i do n't really understand what he tried to say or why , something about a multipolar world , but i 've read about his book . 
  not sure about sweden , but quite many finnish politicians have wanted to join since '90s , but most people have been against it and still are . 
  and before that it was impossible for finland to join nato . 
  and i guess the ukrainian crisis is making our economy even worse ? 
  is n't russia our second largest trading partner ? 
  or third ? 
  big anyway . 
  russia-estonia war would n't be ww3 , it would only turn into one if nato countries really come to help estonia , and the us is the strongest country of the alliance , i guess he ( she ? ), 
  meant that ? 
  he does n't think countries would risk their own lifes because of some small country . 
  i guess people just hate changes . 
  i think they accepted the english name `` true finns '' at first , but then they changed it ( maybe they thought it sounded too ominous ) . 
  now the party is known as `` the finns '' , which caused a heavy debate because not all the people were/are happy that they took a name that means all of us . 
  perussuomalaiset is hard to translate , but `` suomalaiset '' means finns , and `` perus '' means something basic , ordinary . 
  so it 's something like `` your ordinary finns '' . 
  i think in estonian mythology kalevi was a king who had 12 sons . 
  in finnish mythology kalevi was a giant , who had to escape from his country ( kalevala ) when people converted to christianity and started to hate him and his sons . 
  i 'm not sure is this true , but that 's what i found out when i tried to search who the heck he is . 
  but we are blamed quite often about it ... one finnish officer actually asked stalin during the negotiations before the winter war , that if their intention is not to threat anyone , why did they invade poland . 
  stalin said they just took what was theirs , and that those military bases they are going to build to the baltic states are n't threatening anyone . 
  this did n't calm the finnish negotiators , because they were n't sure what other areas they thought as theirs . 
  russia was negotiating with the british and french about alliance at the same time they negotiated about it with germany . 
  they wanted to bring their troops to poland and a free hand to protect the three baltic states ( this time it meant finland , estonia , latvia ) even without their permission or occupy them if they think they are in indirect danger , whatever that meant could have been anything . 
  poland was opposing the idea of the soviet troops on their soil , and the baltics their part of the deal , but they are irrelevant because they were n't listened back then . 
  the french and british did n't wa n't to sell their ally poland like that , but it seems in the end they were ready to agree , but it was already too late . 
  germany was more easy partner to negotiate , promised a lot more , not like they liked each other . 
  at least that 's what i have read . 
  links to the articles where they said it 's too crowed ? 
  it was here on reddit , there is also a link to the english article : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3ltk52/iraqis_on_facebook_warn_compatriots_against/ finnish article , refugees are turning back to sweden , and this happened already last weekend ( i ca n't find these in english , maybe google translate could help ) : http://www.iltalehti.fi/uutiset/2015091820374419_uu.shtml http://yle.fi/uutiset/irakilaiset_varoittavat_toisiaan_somessa_alkaa_tulko_suomeen_taalla_on_kauheaa/8320618 http://www.iltasanomat.fi/kotimaa/art-1442883848495.html or links to articles where the attack is condemned ? 
  here is at least one in english ( and timo soini is the leader of the true finns ) : finland 's three-party coalition government said in a statement on friday that it `` strongly condemns last night 's racist protests against asylum seekers . '' despite ideological differences , prime minister juha sipila , finance minister alexander stubb and foreign minister timo soini , who lead finland 's three largest parties , urged their supporters to accept that `` finland is an international , open and tolerant country where the majority accept migrants . '' http://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/26/world/europe/nationalists-in-finland-hurl-rocks-at-iraqis-seeking-asylum.html, 
  i did n't read the full article because the beginning was so stupid , but they were canceling them already before the idiots attacked . 
  then the reasons were that they did n't get a job , cigaretters are too expensive , and the asylum centers are too crowded . 
  i do n't like the true finns party , but even their party leader has condemned the attack , and said that there are real refugees among the crowd . 
  ... you gave it to norway . 
  and do you have better tea , then ? 
  so , romania , hungary , finland , and sweden ( because they came from there to finland because sweden was n't good enough ) are already in the club . 
  at least anu saagim told them a lot . 
  knives used to be useful in forests , especially people from ostrobothnia used to be really proud of their knives . 
  nowadays they are n't important anymore , and it 's illegal to carry a knife unless you need it at your work or something . 
  but foreign people used to be scared of the habit . 
  knives are still quite popular to give as gifts , you just need to remember that while in finland giving a knife as a gift used to mean something like `` i trust in you . 
  '' , apparently in some other cultures it still means `` i want you to die . '', 
  summer , going outside 6 a.m , just smelling the air and listening the quietness - i love it . 
  the same thing in winter but it needs to be cold , at least -20 c. 
  they give reasons like this to the authorities and interviewers . 
  maybe they are like that one `` 17 '' year old `` refugee '' who was just traveling around europe . 
  it 's against the law to mask yourself in demonstrations , but only if your intention is to hurt someone or break property . 
  i guess he just stood there . 
  or maybe he was among those who were arrested . 
  it 's not even winter yet and it 's actually quite warm ... 
  maybe the real refugees do n't think this way , but these `` no tea '' complainers are making the general population think they are all the same . 
  but what if he is a swedish speaking finn ? 
  not at the border , in lahti southern finland . 
  finnish words : keli ( weather ) , silta ( bridge ) , ratas ( cogwheel ) , pirtti ( cabin ) , sein\u00e4 ( wall ) , reki ( sleigh ) , terva ( tar ) , paimen ( shepherd ) , tarha ( ranch , also nursery ) , jyv\u00e4 ( grain ) , herne ( pea ) , ruis ( rye ) , vaha ( wax ) , vuota ( hide ) , hihna ( strap ) , porsas ( piglet ) , oinas ( ram ) , vuohi ( goat ) , mets\u00e4 ( forest ) , kirves ( axe ) , perkele ( old god , curse word ) , keltainen ( yellow ) , herhil\u00e4inen ( hornet ) , lohi ( salmon ) , sisar ( sister , sibling ) , tyt\u00e4r ( daughter ) , harmaa ( grey ) , laiva ( ship ) , kauha ( scoop ) . 
  that `` tarha '' is a bit tricky . 
  if you add `` puu '' it 's puutarha ( garden ) , if `` lasten , it 's `` lastentarha '' nursery . 
  cognate with estonian h\u00f5be . 
  originally meant `` soft '' . 
  i knew there are a lot of loans , but why yellow ( and grey ) . 
  i sometimes wonder what made our ancestors loan so random words . 
  maybe they sounded more cool . 
  i wonder is it a coincidence or does finnish keltainen ( yellow ) look a lot like geltonas . 
  it said we are making it to comply with the eu family reunification directive . 
  is it like this everywhere else ? 
  and how ours was before ? 
  they were mostly throwing rocks at finns who were helping the refugees . 
  they say it would help the fiscal sustainability . 
  if they get jobs . 
  employers from sweden came to finland to hire them . 
  and as some swede once said , they did the jobs the locals did n't want to do anymore , and were treated like shit . 
  i support taking in refugees , but those 70 000 were mostly under ten year old kids , so it 's a bit different ... 
  i suck at languages , so i was mixing english and swedish pretty badly when it started : hello , vad heter you ? 
  some of these are probably from the finnish defence league which in turn is led by its swedish big bro ...  . 
  and apparently they in turn have some connections with the russian nationalists . 
  they are weirdly multicultural . 
  he also said that by keeping a positive attitude we might survive this ( there is the worst recession in finland since the 90s , this is really the worst time for a refugee crisis to happen ) . 
  at least according to stubb , there will be half million immigrants in finland during the next 15 years . 
  that 's probably exactly what they are trying to achieve . 
  -- a-language ( a1 ) is the first foreign language in elementary school which starts from 3rd grade and continues until 9th grade . 
  another , voluntary a-language ( a2 ) can be started from 5th grade and it continues until 9th grade . 
  b1-language is the another official language swedish , which starts from 7th grade and continues until 9th grade . 
  b2-language is an optional foreign language , which starts from 8th grade and continues until 9th grade . 
  b2-language can be spanish , french , german , russian , italian or some another language . 
  and starting from the first of september 2016 , swedish will start already from 6th grade . 
  i have n't heard about this . 
  when i was in school you started your first foreign language from 3rd grade , you were able to pick english , german , swedish etc.
