  so , finland calmed down . 
  maybe a bit too much . 
  finland : december 6th ( 1917 ) , independence from the russian empire . 
  and we celebrate it by watching tv ... 
  but those who work in dairies will get fired because now there 's surplus . 
  more jobless is n't a good thing . 
  in eastern finland , finns and russians are hoarding cheese , yoghurts and butter . 
  crazy ... 
  not necessary to use their support to gain upper hand in internal politics ... there are still people , who genuinely believe the soviet union was a paradise on earth . 
  they never really needed to live there , so their image of it is pure , just like in propaganda . 
  finland was attacked , because finland was disrespectful , maybe even fascist . 
  the baltics joined it voluntarily . 
  the soviet union was never punished for what it supposedly did , finland was , so finland is wrong , so wrong they hate it . 
  if finland stays neutral unlike the last time ( finland declared neutrality in 1935 !, 
  ) , and is nice and non-fascist , maybe nothing bad will happen and finland does n't need to experience the same kind of shame ever again . 
  but now finland is starting to sound like in the 30 ' with these eu sanctions , bad bad nation ... well , they sound like that ... 
  maybe he 's trolling ... and then again , we do have finns who think finland is not a real country , and the soviets had the right to invade it . 
  i 'm not sure is he one of them , but it 's useless to make them to think what it would feel like : they are almost hoping for it ... 
  `` russia has removed lactose-free milk , salmon fry , trout , seed potatoes , onion , hybrid sweet corn and nutritional supplements from the list of foods banned from import into russia '' only lactose-free milk is good news for us . 
  and seed potatoes , but we do n't export them that much . 
  i do n't know from where they usually buy those other things . 
  in 2011 it was 12,1 liters per year . 
  only people in new zealand , australia , and united states eat more ... -30 c and an ice cream , what could be better than that ? 
  `` and those who have been born in territory of ussr and russian empire ( hi finland ) '' if i remember correct , you need to speak russian and give up your current nationality . 
  and prove you use russian within the family and in other contexts . 
  if the so called `` old russians '' whose ancestors have moved/escaped here ( finland ) during the empire times want to move back , i guess they can do it easily ... `` new russians '' usually have a dual citizenship already . 
  i think it 's just a loanword . 
  and it 's linnunrata ( bird 's path ) because in mythology birds used it to fly to a lintukoto ( bird home ) . 
  lintukoto was a place on the edge of the world , where people were so tiny they needed to fight against the huge birds when they arrived there every winter ( nowadays lintukoto means a small cozy place where is no worries . 
  linnunrata still means milky way . ), 
  edit : oh , and i found out that indian summer was once called `` p\u00e4rttylin pikkukes\u00e4 '' ( p\u00e4rttyli 's little summer ) , or `` akkain kes\u00e4 '' ( summer of hags ), 
  estonian newspaper makes fun of niinist\u00f6 because he met putin and therefore is too friendly ... ... and russian newspaper is unhappy because it almost sounded like niinist\u00f6 tried to give russia an ultimatum . 
  oh , do n't worry , we do n't have the power to `` sell '' other countries . 
  not to mention we know how it feels like to be `` sold '' to someone ... has happened many time ... 
  so the president ca n't even discuss with putin ? 
  he is n't even talking about the economy , they already said they are keeping the eu line , no soloing . 
  that , and in that same war they said they came to help the finnish people who have had enough of their fascist government ... later there was a joke , that you should never call for help when you 're eastern finland , the neighbor may send an army . 
  `` initial international targets are washington , london , berlin and helsinki . '', 
  so not only in helsinki ... 
  it 's always harder to ban something that 's already existing than something new ? 
  and : `` the company has already been told that helsinki 's radio waves are already overcrowded . 
  no permanent fm radio licenses will be granted in helsinki '' no one will get them , at least not right now . 
  that 's why russia called finland the most russophobic country after the baltics , sweden and poland , because we are always defending them ... 
  according to russia it 's only a banking fraud investigation , nothing to do with valio ... 
  that 's probably the most likely . 
  three possible choices : 1 . 
  they really need them 2 . 
  they are afraid this milk ban will make us crazy , and will increase support for nato , so they are ordering something from us 3 . 
  if there will be more sanctions , finland will be more hesitant, 
  in 2004 finnish-russian relations were pretty low ( baltic states joined nato ) , and russia practically fired finland from being their `` pr boy '' . 
  we did n't even know that was our job ... 
  1949-1991 it was impossible for finland to join nato , and later it just did n't seem necessary , it did n't have big enough support , and there were so much other things to do . 
  it almost seems that they were a bit more `` careful '' with lithuania , thought that they could cause more trouble somehow ? 
  because they are the biggest baltic country ? 
  even during the `` negotiations '' in 1939 estonia and latvia were treated more like `` we do like this or it 's war , is that clear ? 
  '' , but they took a bit more time with lithuania ( and finland 's until they ... had enough ) ? 
  we do have some pro-russian people ( and i do n't mean you should hate the country , but people who agree on everything it does , good or bad ) and people who are just selfish . 
  but we do n't really think we are better than europe ( pretty much the opposite actually ... an inferiority complex of some sort , i guess ) , even if it sometimes sounds like we have the we know it all attitude . 
  and you mentioned that greece case ... 
  it had originally nothing to do with especially greece . 
  at first there were talks that latvia needs some help . 
  ok , i 'm not sure did it need it after all , but finland agreed because it 's a small country with a hard past . 
  then iceland . 
  ok , it 's a nordic country , of course we help ... then ireland . 
  ireland was just cool , so help for them too . 
  then started the talks , that finnish economy is in danger , so we need to start doing something about it ... and then greece needed some help too . 
  ok , we agreed , but our social democrats promised that it was the last help package , no more is needed in europe , and we can focus on our awful economy now . 
  they were wrong , greece needed help again . 
  now , our `` lovely '' true finns party started to accuse the social democrats of breaking promises to the voters . 
  they were in trouble , so they needed to require an ( useless ) assurance from greece to save their face . 
  and our national coalition party told us , that greece must be helped again , or spain will be the next in trouble , and it 's just too big country for finland to help in any way . 
  and everybody in europe will be in trouble if it falls , but this will help , no worries ... and then spain needed help ... 
  yep , the 1990s . 
  in 1939-1940 portugal sent one volunteer . 
  but they sent some food , sardines if i remember correctly . 
  diplomatic nonsense . 
  not to mention we ca n't really use our `` superior diplomatic skills '' because we are in the eu and ca n't do whatever we please . 
  not to mention it would be pretty rude towards ukraine . 
  russia has in fact called as an eu colony or something like that not so long ago . 
  and yes , finland has been invaded by russia and we were mostly blamed for the treatment we got ( try not to make them angry again , you must have done something wrong , look at sweden , you 're on your one with this problem etc ) . 
  yes , i think their supporters are already saying this ... and also those even more weird writings on the discussion boards . 
  but we are n't neutral because we are in the eu . 
  we are only militarily non-aligned . 
  not really . 
  the last time we needed economical help , i think we got it only from japan ... and germany helped us to make a cost cutting program . 
  though ... we were n't in the eu back then , but france and greece were against our joining because we were doing so badly . 
  finlandia 's melody was used in the national anthem of biafra ( called land of the rising sun ) ... and they lost their independence almost immediately . 
  that 's a bad omen ... 
  according to finland-russia society , only 1.6 % of finns can speak russian ... and i 'm not sure are our russians included in this . 
  i 'm not sure does finnish have any funny facts , but you can make really long words when you write numbers : yksi , kaksi , kolme , nelj\u00e4 , viisi , kuusi , seitsem\u00e4n , kahdeksan , yhdeks\u00e4n , kymmenen ( numbers from 1-10 ) 11 - yksitoista - one on the second 12 - kaksitoista - two on the second 13 - kolmetoista - three on the second 20 - kaksikymment\u00e4 - two tens 30 - kolmekymment\u00e4 - three tens 40 - nelj\u00e4kymment\u00e4 - four tens 42 - nelj\u00e4kymment\u00e4kaksi - four tens two 100 - sata - hundred 123 - satakaksikymment\u00e4kolme - hundred two tens three 150 631 - sataviisikymment\u00e4tuhattakuusisataakolmekymment\u00e4yksi ( you should write this always with numbers ... ), 
  i 'm not sure about that massive superiority complex ... we 're known for our inferiority complex . 
  we ca n't do anything , and if someone says we 're good at something , we need to tell them at least 10 things we 're really really bad at . 
  and even that one good thing is probably a statistical error . 
  in discussion boards people are compaining about everything , telling how finland is the worst country on earth , and that we 're going to die soon if we do n't do something about something etc etc. 
  in saunas ? 
  hm ... no , i do n't think so . 
  almost all homicides have something to do with alcohol . 
  alcoholics having fights with other alcoholics . 
  it 's still a quite big problem here . 
  we have done pretty badly since 2008 recession ...
