  and now the true finns are in the government , so ... 
  you think most people think so globally ? 
  true , but it 's really hard to explain to the people why we need to cut from everything and still be able to send more money to greece . 
  that 's the problem . 
  oh , but we should have ignored the rules , like every other country in the eu does ... at least according to them , 
  we got all the blame , though . 
  russia 's internet friends are screaming and calling us estonia 's vassals . 
  '' ... a radical fan who tries to make her voice heard in europe , but the language is a bit hard so we in finland do n't understand what she tries to say , maybe she 's talking to a wrong camera ... '' `` thank you janne . 
  you should find out what the lady wanted to say so we will know why she wanted so eagerly be on the finnish television , but we will continue with greece . '', 
  i just simplified the list a little bit because the whole hassle with finland is about those people who are not allowed to travel to the eu  . 
  i thought you signed border treaty last year , just before this whole mess ? 
  ah , it 's not about that : eu puts sanctions on russia - travel ban to some important people . 
  russia puts counter sanctions because of eu sanctions - export bans to certain products , hurts finland along with other eu members that trade with russia . 
  finland follows the eu sanctions ( travel ban ) - * more * special sanctions on finland . 
  it 's double sanctions about the same matter . 
  probably . 
  the only russian that is going to arrive to the meeting , nikolay kovalyov , said they do n't understand why an old , good neighbor suddenly spits in their well , and aleksey pushkov ( the head of the foreign-affairs committee in the state duma ) complains that finland denies the entry of the russian delegation , but welcomes the us military fighter ( the arleigh burke-class guided-missile destroyer uss jason dunham is currently visiting helsinki and has nothing to do with anything ) . 
  then on the other hand at least some finns are indignant because they chose those russians who are on the black list to their delegation on purpose , trying to force finland to ignore the sanctions . 
  it 's been like this already 70 years . 
  but these are going to be extra sanctions , because finland have n't been able to sell milk products there either . 
  or are those vegetable sanctions a new thing ? 
  the eu put sanctions on russia , russia put sanctions on the eu , and because finland follows the eu sanctions , russia will put more sanctions on finland ? 
  people get angry every time rapists get away without a proper punishment , usually demanding that they should be castrated with an axe . 
  but i guess cases like this make nationalists even more angry . 
  i think there were even two somali girls who defended the rapists and mocked the victim in facebook ... which was a bit weird . 
  here napoleon is rarely mentioned , but for the people who lived back then he was the antichrist and they were actually cheering for russia and alexander i , and wanted them to crush him . 
  oh , and he also gave permission to russia to attack sweden ( which finland was part back then ) , which was n't liked . 
  it might be . 
  but i once read a study that suggested that here are more religious people than in the neighboring countries because of the soviet union . 
  god protected finland from communism , and everything that happened in the soviet union happened because they did n't believe in god ... 
  it does n't really feel like it , but i guess in statistics finland was a little bit higher than them . 
  finland has always been more conservative and isolated than the rest of the nordic countries . 
  even immigration to finland started only in the first half of 1990s when the first somalis arrived here from the former soviet union , during the worst recession ever which did n't help the situation ( not counting the vietnamese boat refugees ) . 
  maybe it has something to do with the age structure ( rapidly aging population in finland ) , old people are usually more against everything ( well , not necessary all of them ), 
  yes , i think the finns party grudgingly promised they are n't going to try to reduce the current immigration . 
  i do n't think they will agree to increase it . 
  who knows . 
  what i have read from comments it 's against the bible and ruins the holy marriage between a man and a woman . 
  and think about the children . 
  i think those two women ( the other one has a bicycle ) came to check what is happening . 
  why else would she bring her bike in the shop ... ? 
  dugin visited finland last year . 
  he denied that he has ever talked about annexing finland . 
  i do n't understand why he denied it because he has written a book where he says so ... 
  they also wanted a military base , not only land . 
  and they signed a mutual assistance pact treaty with the finnish puppet goverment which they installed right after they started the war . 
  it was supposet to be ratified `` as soon as possible '' in helsinki with the finnish democratic republic . 
  not to mention when molotov met ribbentrop and hitler later in berlin ( 1940 ) , he asked to solve the finnish question . 
  what question ? 
  `` the german-russian agreement of last year could therefore be regarded as fulfilled , except for one point , namely , finland . 
  kids who are on the same level in finnish as the natives are doing great , in some cases they are even more excited about school than their fellow classmates . 
  but if their finnish is still a bit rusty , they are about two years ( if i remember correctly ) behind the other pupils . 
  blood pancakes are tasty , especially with lingonberry jam ... 
  i do n't remember , i guess then ... there was a lot of noise because of greece , and some noise because of portugal and spain . 
  finland was doing badly even back then and had to take even more loans to support also them ( well , not them , banks , which was even worse ) . 
  i do n't think we have ever prescribed anything for the cypriots ... 
  1939-1940 - winter war , 1941-1944 continuation war , lapland war 1944-1945 , all parts of ww2 , but they all have also their own names . 
  well ... 
  i do n't listen to punk and i 'm not very familiar with the genre , but i do n't like this song . 
  so i guess i do n't like punk ? 
  it was because finland was doing badly even back then . 
  people wanted the government to do something about the situation in finland and to think the others later . 
  but in the end the government did nothing about anything . 
  finland did n't won , silly , but neither did the soviet union reach their maximum target : when the war started , the soviet union announced that the facist finnish goverment has escaped to an unknown location . 
  luckily , a new finnish goverment has been founded in the first village captured by the soviet union . 
  the new `` goverment '' has signed a mutual assistant treaty with the soviet union , and when they get to helsinki , the treaty with the finnish democratic republic will be ratified , and a bright red flag will be put on the roof of the presidential palace . 
  when the attack started , finland tried to start the negotiations again , but the soviets did n't want to . 
  not to mention that in next november molotov was in berlin and tried to get a permission to settle the finnish question ... 
  also at least these finnish words are said to have baltic origins : tribe ( heimo ) , namesake ( kaima ) , bride ( morsian ) , daughter ( tyt\u00e4r ) , sea ( meri ) , bay ( lahti ) , neck ( kaula ) , porridge ( puuro ) , vuohi ( goat ) . 
  well , they added a sign to vyborg in 1970 which says it 's a historical russian city . 
  it was emptied of the finns only in -40 and again -44 , so i do n't know what makes it specially russian . 
  you could say it 's a historical swedish city , it would be more close to reality . 
  yes ... finland is stealing russian kids because finland needs population growth . 
  it used to be very rude in finland too , but for some reason `` h\u00e4n '' become sound more distant , somehow sarcastic . 
  `` h\u00e4n meni tuonne '' `` he/she went there '' = that uppish better-than-everyone-else went there . 
  `` se meni tuonne '' `` it went there '' = sounds more natural for some reason ... animals used to be `` se '' and people `` h\u00e4n '' , but now it 's the opposite way . 
  the same thing with t -- v distinction . 
  older people used to be `` te '' and younger `` sin\u00e4 '' . 
  now older people might get angry if you call them `` te '' - `` you think i 'm old , almost dead ? 
  call me `` sin\u00e4 '' , i 'm still young at my heart '' . 
  you never know which one you should use ... 
  some idiot combined estonia in finnish ( viro ) and russia . 
  it 's old , and if i remember correct , the author asked in his article warm hearted nicknames , not something like that ... 
  i 'm not sure do the people who are against nato think so , they just do n't understand why would someone bother to attack here . 
  but sweden did n't help us during that war , it 's a totally different case . 
  well , they took children to safety even then , and so did denmark even though it was occupied . 
  and f 's , q 's , w 's and c 's . 
  fluently ? 
  only finnish . 
  my english sounds horrible and i forget everything when somebody starts to speak it to me . 
  and i can introduce myself and tell the sun is shining in swedish , so ... 
  what messages we have received ? 
  `` ol\u00e9-ol\u00e9-ol\u00e9 !, 
  crimea is ours !, 
  give us now poland and finland '' was chanted about 20-30 intoxicated men . 
  the slogan is from the russian civil war ( minus the ol\u00e9-ol\u00e9-ol\u00e9 part ) . except if you mean that message , where the secretary of the russian federation security council nikolai patrushev said that our nationalists are trying to reclaim karelia , growing their effects through a number of local ngos on the population of karelia . 
  summer vacation june-august . 
  and in august you just need to wear socks . 
  if i remember correct no one was barefoot ... 
  `` at the same time he said that the baltic countries were impossible to defend . '',
