  i guess something like that . 
  yes . 
  i would n't say nobody cares about them , that 's why we have different benefits and safety nets , but apparently they are n't always enough . 
  we even have one man here who took part to rwandan genocide . 
  he 's in prison , though . 
  i do n't think we have any official battle cry . 
  `` hakkaa p\u00e4\u00e4lle '' , usually translated as `` cut them down '' , and `` tulta munille '' which could be translated as `` fire to the balls '' used to be . 
  `` ura '' means `` career '' in finnish , by the way . 
  well , i think albanians wo n't get asylum because it 's a safe country . 
  apparently most of our refugees are from iraq and somalia , and only a small minority is from syria . 
  that 's weird indeed . 
  here the biggest sum a refugee can get is 316,70 euros / month . 
  they need to pay their food , clothes , and medicines with that money , housing is free . 
  of course they can use it to buy a smart phone , but what are they going to eat the whole month then is a mystery . 
  in turku asylum seekers are sleeping in tents because there are no room for them inside the asylum facility . 
  it 's only a temporary solution , though . 
  finland is n't overrun by poor eastern europeans , that person is talking nonsense . 
  our economy is in ruins , that 's true . 
  what the ... what are estonians called in finnish if they are n't `` virolaisia '' , or some people say `` eestil\u00e4isi\u00e4 '' ? 
  like russians are `` ven\u00e4l\u00e4isi\u00e4 '' , `` ryss\u00e4 '' is a slur , indeed . 
  7337 this years and more are coming every week . 
  so it 's not much when compared to those countries who take more than everyone else , but it 's more than 1000 . 
  last year it was 3600 . 
  i 'm pretty sure 1,300,000 estonians were n't involved in burning that refugee center . 
  someone is screaming that all the refugees are potential terrorists and the other one is screaming that all the locals are racists . 
  both of them are wrong . 
  there were also stories that female students have been asked to cover themselves in tornio where the asylum center is near the school . 
  the principal confirmed that this is pure ... nonsense . 
  if they burned stuff because it 's from infidels , then why they came here in the first place . 
  even our flag have a huge cross . 
  not to mention the winter is coming and most of them are wearing t-shirt and shorts . 
  he won the best character competition in 2011 in the tv show called putous . 
  no , i think we signed peace with them at the same time as with signed it with the soviets . 
  but there 's a possibility that we are still at war with germany . 
  it 's not sure because it was n't declared properly , but we never signed peace either . 
  since when ? 
  we share 10 % of genes with siberian populations , that 's true . 
  10 % strong !, 
  i 've never hear any swedes say anything about the topic either , except on the internet , but then again you can find a lot of garbage from here . 
  socialism . 
  i think that newspaper which questioned whetever finns possessed soul claimed that communism was in finnish blood . 
  this was the case in 1907 : `` the miners worked 10 hour shifts , six days a week , moving the heavy ore almost entirely by hand , in a darkness broken only by the flickering lights of the candles on their helmets . 
  there were frequent accidents . 
  miners had to pay for their own equipment and supplies , and sometimes , after all their backbreaking labor , ended up owing the company money . 
  in 1907 , the immigrant workforce in the iron range mines went on strike . 
  many of their leaders were finns . '', 
  15 000 is the minimum estimate of the asylum seekers , 40 000 is the maximum right now . 
  they still burned the towns down . 
  `` finns often faced hostility and discrimination from others . 
  their radical politics were part of the reason , but there were others , too . 
  the finns were known as `` clannish . '', 
  they had a strange , difficult language ; their beloved sauna , was seen as an outlandish , barbaric custom . 
  finns had a reputation not just as troublemakers , but as hard drinkers and knife fighters . 
  an american newspaper writer once questioned whether finns possessed souls . '', 
  `` after the 1907 strike , they tried to make the finns be seen as asians . 
  there was an asian exclusion act , and if the finns could be seen as asians , they could get them kicked out of the country . '', 
  the world was pretty racist back then , even more than today . 
  no wonder our version of the german song dschinghis khan has more `` cruel '' lyrics , then . 
  i did n't know he hangs with our nationalists , that 's weird . 
  they promised to help us to conquer back areas the soviets had taken from finland . 
  right after the winter war they helped finland otherwise ( e.g. 
  promises that they will help this time if the soviets attack again , not mentioning it was german-soviet pact that caused that attack , and i think they provided some food ) , but in the continuation war it was finland that attacked . 
  we have always had our own share of racists . 
  when the times are rought and unemployment is high there are even more of them , or at least they are more vocal . 
  or maybe this is just a stupid joke . 
  `` but the mongolian ` origins of the finns ' is a controversial topic in finland . '', 
  i wonder why ? 
  maybe because they `` found it out '' by measuring sami skulls . 
  at first they said that many bumps in the skulls meant that the people belonged to a master race . 
  when they found out sami skulls had more bumps than their skulls , they switched the theory the other way around . 
  maybe because the theory become popular by arthur de gobineau ( father of the theory of the aryan master race ) . 
  or maybe because the theory was used only in the racist contexts and this racism ended only after the ww2 ( except in sweden where it continued until 70s ) . 
  then it was switched that finns were those who were racists because they denied that they are mongols , even thought those theories were mainly negative . 
  and that dutton has said that we are also `` finnuits '' . 
  sometimes we are `` findians '' . 
  it does n't matter , i can be any of the three if someone wants so . 
  finland was n't nazi in 1939 ( and not even in 1941 ) ... russia was germany 's `` best friend '' back then . 
  and probably molotov asked in berlin the right to finish the finnish question in 1940 just for fun . 
  maybe he meant they were able to `` hide '' to the crowd even if they were n't considered white ? 
  like our ancestors , who took swedish names , never revealed their roots , and taught only english to their children ? 
  it was in the beginning of the cold war when there where rumors that the soviets will soon want a base from norway , too . 
  and if you believe memoirs of usa 's ambassador to finland , uk and usa promised to protect norway already then , because norway is important to uk and also to iceland , and the safety of iceland is in turn important to usa . 
  usually border crossers are illegal immigrants from afghanistan or the near countries , grannies who get lost while picking mushrooms , and once there were two russian boys who wanted to have an adventure . 
  swedes wanted to forbid sauna in 1700 because it was a suspicious finnish thing . 
  they have never been so interested in it . 
  i do n't think nato will force sovereign countries to join nato , but it does n't matter if russians believe so . 
  during the cold war the nato plan was to nuke finland in case of the soviet attack on europe . 
  maybe they are softer these days . 
  what 's the reason ? 
  i 've hear complaints that our asylum application program is way too slow ... or maybe it 's about something else . 
  well ... if there is a hypothetical situation where russia and nato are at war , and finland is neutral , russians can decide that finland will be forced to join to the nato side anyway ( even if they do n't want to ) , and it 's better to have a nice pre-emptive strike there before that happens . 
  or nato will decide that russians will force finland to their side anyway ( even if they do n't want to ) , so it 's better to neutralize the threat before it happens . 
  however , nato finland would n't be safe in that situation either . 
  but what would it matter that they would be less interested ? 
  they could ( or the other party ) decide to `` neutralize '' the grey area for good before the other party gets it as a base or something . 
  a bear killed a man who was jogging in 1998 . 
  the bear had cups , which probably was the reason . 
  it 's not that expensive as russians can buy it tax-free ? 
  they used to be the finnish rural party , so people do n't think them as far right ? 
  `` support for the party was at its highest in the 1970s and 1980s , with its share of the votes reaching around 10 percent in some parliamentary elections .
