  so hiding does n't help you . 
  not you , he meant the true finns party . 
  yup , we got our first swastika plane from sweden . 
  well , not from the government of sweden . 
  i think the mother was actually estonian russian . 
  and she left her other son ( not the same father ) to finland when she traveled to russia . 
  and b\u00e4ckman himself has lost a custody of his child to his russian ex-wife . 
  should n't the irish do that and not austrians ? 
  no , i would n't call it trolling . 
  he once said near the statue of alexander ii ( russian tsar ) , that those were good times for finland and they will return , or something like that . 
  and because russian media usually uses only him as a source , finns will of course think he 's repeating the opinions of russia . 
  and that small subtle hint sounded like a threat . 
  it 's pretty sure nobody will try to rob that place . 
  so 14 kids out of 15 ... 
  that 's how i understood it when i read some articles , but what can you do when there is not enough room ? 
  some people even believe b\u00e4ckman tries to create anti-russian attitudes on purpose , but i do n't understand why would he want to do something like that ? 
  if he 's trying to make people to see russia in more positive light , well uh , ville haapasalo does a much better job than him even if he 's also critical about some things in both countries . 
  of course it 's not . 
  it did n't happen here . 
  well , the winter war was our fault because lenin traveled through finland and it was therefore finland that created the soviet union . 
  i think it was zhirinovsky who said so , so i 'm not sure should it be counted . 
  i did n't , i 'm so bored of the topic as this has continued since 2008 ... 
  `` finnish authorities are taking children from russian families because finnish population is aging and untraditional families - gays - ca n't have children . '', 
  moving a finnish citizen from a family to an another one does n't even increase the population . 
  not to mention they are n't even removed from their families permanently . 
  according to some sources : a 13-year old girl has been taken into custody , and according to her russian mother it happened because she had forbidden the girl to meet her finnish friend , which ca n't be the real reason . 
  i have never tasted kalakukko :( . 
  `` finnish authorities are taking children from russian families because finnish population is aging and untraditional families - gays - ca n't have children . '', 
  a 13-year old girl has been taken into custody , and according to her russian mother it happened because she had forbidden the girl to meet her finnish friend . 
  finnish authorities ca n't tell the real reason , but i kind of wish they could ... 
  they want a kitchen where they can cook food and money to buy ingredients . 
  but it 's an emergency asylum center and there is no kitchen . 
  that 's something that ca n't be helped because every place is full . 
  but he does n't say it 's food for dogs and women . 
  women do n't want to eat bad food . 
  they are jealous because some other refugees are in better equipped asylum centers where is a kitchen . 
  they are in an emergency asylum center where you ca n't cook your own food . 
  at least one article said they do n't want to eat rice with minced meat or tuna . 
  happy meals ? 
  it 's rice without anything else . 
  not for a dog or women . 
  for a dog , and this is a problem for their women . 
  if someone makes `` the word for blood map '' it 's even more clear . 
  not sure is it just a coincidence , though . 
  no , it 's the greatest candy ever . 
  hm , we do n't use much spices because they were too expensive back then , and people are n't that used to them even today . 
  so everything must taste pretty bland to them . 
  my brother said that indians from his workplace pour extra spices on their food , and fill their coffee cup with sugar . 
  maybe they are n't used to those . 
  wikipedia says this is iraqi cuisine : meals begin with appetizers and salads -- known as mezza . 
  some dishes include kebab ( often marinated with garlic , lemon and spices , then grilled ) , gauss ( grilled meat sandwich wrap , similar to d\u00f6ner kebab ) , bamieh ( lamb , okra and tomato stew ) , quzi ( lamb with rice , almonds , raisins and spices ) , falafel ( fried chickpea patties served with amba and salad in pita ) , kubbah ( minced meat ground with bulghur wheat or rice and spices ) , masg\u00fbf ( grilled fish with pepper and tamarind ) , and maqluba ( a rice , lamb , tomato and aubergine dish ) . 
  stuffed vegetable dishes such as dolma and mahshi are also popular . 
  there is no way we could serve something like that . 
  and there is no way they would be given so much money they could cook something like that . 
  i 'm finnish and i do n't know it either . 
  potatoes and fish or meat . 
  thats it , i guess . 
  we know what borscht is , but it came here from russia . 
  actually all cuisines are either from sweden or russia , mostly from sweden . 
  refugees get rice and pasta . 
  we are n't even giving them what we usually eat , i mean pasta and rice are n't exactly parts of finnish cuisine ( not sure what is part of it , potatoes i guess ) . 
  the food tries to be neutral so everyone is able to eat it . 
  i think they should just buy raw materials to them and say cook for yourself . 
  oh , or maybe we should give them food money , they would see how expensive food is . 
  small population . 
  people usually mean that when they call finland small . 
  yeah , that must have been it . 
  the horrible food in this case was : bread ( + something on a bread ) , macaroni , rice with minced meat or tuna . 
  i think even president niinist\u00f6 said it would be a much better to raise the quota for un refugees and take more of them in , instead of those who are able to run here . 
  not to mention quick handling of asylum applications was probably true when there were n't so many applicants than there is now , and we have a huge unemployment at the moment . 
  especially older people , who have seen war or at have at least lived through the harsh years after it , always remember to remind that you should always respect food , never play with it , and just eat it without whining no matter the taste , or else you will lose it all and die . 
  so they are n't going to like this at all ... maybe their food is more spicey ( and tasty ) than ours , but there is no way we could hire the best cooks to serve different foods to them . 
  i remember watching this cartoon . 
  i did n't know it 's hungarian . 
  i think this was named as the worst music video ever : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ka5gklm5c7m, 
  it 's totally random . 
  people almost fight when someone is giving free plastic buckets , no need for miss finland . 
  probably because it 's free and it 's fun to get something for free ( they are usually old people who hoard them ) . 
  in some parts of western finland that easter tradition is almost unknown . 
  we ask candies and sing for them on st. knut 's day ( he was a danish duke who was assassinated by his cousin . 
  i 've no idea why he 's so important ) . 
  not to mention that moving the border was n't the only thing they demanded ; they wanted to build a military base to hanko . 
  finnish military was too near so they wanted to move the border , but at the same time they wanted to bring their military among the most populated part of finland . 
  ( and leningrad was n't a city of 5 million , like finland was n't a country of 5 million yet . ), 
  denmark maybe , but our economy does n't look too good right now ... 
  i love salty licorice , but salty licorice chips sound too extreme , i do n't want to eat potatoes with my salmiakki . 
  and honey butter chips sound disgusting . 
  but then again , i like salty licorice ice cream and chocolate , so maybe i should try these too . 
  i meant that `` sauna '' and `` not scandinavia '' are n't bad at all . 
  sauna is good and finland is not part of scandinavia , thats true . 
  but some of those are really horrible . 
  ours is not too bad ... if i write `` poland is '' in finnish i get : is poland in the eu , poland is the most wonderful place . 
  ... poles are desperately searching for slavs . 
  this was the only nutella i was able to find : nutella 350g - 3,99 . 
  it was made in poland . 
  yes . 
  there is a joke that says dogs are stupid because they are asking `` how '' all the time . 
  or were they clever because they can speak english , i ca n't remember ... 
  do chickens really say `` kaa '' . 
  i have heard only `` kot kot '' being used .
