let 's not pretend drug abuse in the usa is so extreme only because of the whole war on drugs thing and all , but it certainly contributes to people wanting to try drugs , just because it 's illegal . 
  not to mention drug related crime . 
  you guys have legalized drugs though , that 's got ta count for something . 
  last i 'd heard your nice invasion in iraq to secure your own agenda paved the way for the rise of isis . 
  [ neither does the usa . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/my_lai_massacre ), 
  i think we 're waaaayyyyy past that in syria tbh . 
  that conflict is n't gon na get any dirtier than it allready is . 
  and yes , i know that 's said very easily , and should n't be taken lightly . 
  why is that a shame ? 
  i want this conflict resolved . 
  i do n't give a shit if it 's resolved by russians instead of americans tbh . 
  it 's gon na be amazing . 
  because they will be buttblasted mad if uk leaves ? 
  well , i guess something else happened with their ass if we 're talking gay marriage . 
  [ ' k ben verliefd man ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g65owfmsok0 ), 
  do n't worry , we always have stronk polish winged hussars to protect the west !, 
  you know something is seriously wrong when the country that has fought on the sea with yours for over 500 years is the only country that can save you from your own leaders . 
  it 's not the uk membership that 's toxic . 
  there 's nothing toxic about not wanting to give up your sovereignty . 
  what is toxic is this current form the eu is in , which does n't even remotely resemble any degree of democracy . 
  our country voted no to a european constitution in a referendum , and they did it anyway . 
  if you think it is a good idea to give up your sovereignty to such an institution you are sadly mistaken . 
  why would we need france exactly ? 
  i would much rather have the scandinavians with us . 
  the french are closer to a south european country then a north european country . 
  not to mention they are arrogant pricks that think they know anything about good cheese . 
  that 's how the ~ ~ european constitution ~ ~ treaty of lissabon got passed in both france and my country !, 
  it would normally be a barge . 
  in this case the correct term is a pontoon . 
  and a pontoon like this should 've been secured which it obviously was n't . 
  besides that the weight was n't spread evenly and if they half-assed it like this there were probably some other things wrong with it . 
  mistakes were made and this is the results . 
  we 're both assholes . 
  remember srebrenica ? 
  survival of the fittest and all that jazz ? 
  no they are n't . 
  but still , people pretending to be democratic while promoting or being in the center of an undemocratic system are the scum of europe in my opinion . 
  undemocratic europhiles . 
  unfortunately there 's quite a few of those . 
  if it 's sweet popcorn just wait a bit , it will become salty in no time at all in this thread . 
  i suppose it 's better then guys cutting of heads in the name of religion . 
  congratulations , you just created a fallacy . 
  preventing is much better then fixing . 
  i suspect there may have been some goldman-sachs money involved in his appointment . 
  but no need to start tinfoiling . 
  it 's not as if it would change anything . 
  yay kitties, 
  [ molukse treinkapers , 1977 ] ( http://www.nrc.nl/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/anp-5926064.jpg ) in 1977 a group of moluccan people took a train hostage in the netherlands . 
  they did this because the dutch government had promised them their own land if they would side with them during the indonesian independence war/politionele acties back in the late 40 's . 
  after the indonesian independence they could n't stay there and had to be relocated to the netherlands , where the government never gave them land and did n't strive to fix relations with indonesia in order to send them back , which ultimately led to a group of them taking this train hostage . 
  [ the destruction to the train ] ( http://www.inenomassen.nl/pics/kaping_depunt/trein_kogels.jpg ) you see here is a result of the violent hostage taking and liberation of the train by the dutch armed forces/police . 
  the moluccan 2nd generation has used force more often to try and raise awareness for their issues , most prominently this and another train , and the hostage taking of a primary school . 
  edit : formatting, 
  how about tall and fat ? 
  a city on mdma, 
  i think everybody thought it was hollande . 
  this is the one true comment i 've read today without a prejudiced undertone at all . 
  i salute you for it . 
  living wage ? 
  as in minimal wage to lead a decent life ? 
  i completely agree with this . 
  but there is a big difference between actual refugee 's and the influx of bullshit fortune seekers in european countries . 
  yes war victims and refugees should get decent integration and the possibility to get a job and good housing , but the european nations could do a hell of a better job at doing background checks and deporting all the fortune seekers back to whatever shithole they came from . 
  but that is a very controversial thing to say , because we have it so good in europe and they have it so bad so we should just give those kinds of people our money and our land . 
  that does n't mean you can keep taking on unlimited numbers of refugees year after year . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/ac/tulip_price_index1.svg/1052px-tulip_price_index1.svg.png kek , that looks just like the greece gdp compared to 1999 . 
  i like how you added belgium and luxemburg to the netherlands , but waloni\u00eb can go to france tbh . 
  i get it you do n't see the problem of that . 
  except france is fucking huge . 
  i do n't give a shit what france 's debt in percentage of gdp is . 
  in absolute numbers it 's disgustingly big . 
  france is in essence a big greece waiting to happen . 
  but unlike the german economy , the french economy is hugely inflated . 
  of course . 
  they even staged hitler 's death . 
  i think the us can fuck right off with their fake bullshit . 
  just like the american world football series right ? 
  lol, 
  i think your government and cia does n't share that sentiment unfortunately . 
  cheese so old it crumbles and there 's delicious chunks of salt in them . 
  goddamn i 'm going to the market now and buy me some cheese, 
  ca n't the us and russia just go away and jerk eachother off on the other side near alaska instead of all over europe . 
  apparently the dutch had a pretty decent contingent of heavy grenadiers back in the day . 
  then came the 1st and 2nd world war and we had a bicycle brigade while germany had heavy tanks ... 
  well yeah , but the worst still had to come . 
  that does n't mean it is n't out of date . 
  it so happens we 've had a gigantic crisis in the eu between a month and a half ago and now . 
  i suppose you have a point there . 
  there have been 2 sieges of breda . 
  a spanish siege and a dutch siege . 
  the spanish siege took 11 months before conquest . 
  the dutch siege took 11 weeks . 
  lol i do n't think we ever truly turned to the french . 
  i think we would rather be friends with the english then the french . 
  but who am i kidding , i 'm from the south of the netherlands , i 'm pretty much a spaniard myself heh . 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  look at me . 
  using filthy french words and all that . 
  oh , but we do .
