i mostly noted a complete absence of any kind of campaigners so you may be right that it was thought to be `` already in the bag '' . 
  was it really expected to be remain ? 
  not far away and i could n't find anyone admitting to being a remainer , not a campaigner in sight either !, 
  lack of ambition and a pull yourself up by your bootstraps attitude ? 
  i was just attempting to provide a response , we were having a discussion about people wanting to redo the referendum , the regret was that they had been convinced of remain arguments and were regretful that they had been , though thankful that their vote had `` no consequence '' as you mention . 
  you have stumbled on op 's intention congrats !, 
  seems and often hear ? 
  well case closed !, 
  hope not despair !, 
  just in case you were actually looking for an answer i have a work colleague who was stridently for remain who has changed their mind when the sky did n't fall in on the 24th . 
  i guess many people are not quite as pessimistic as you are , i hope that they never are but the world is pretty chaotic so you may get your wish . 
  you might want to wait to count those chickens my friend . 
  not blaming surely ? 
  just saying that now that it is n't negotiable it is an issue . 
  which is ? 
  well lets face it that person was a fool , people walk around with electronic devices tied to bank accounts in their name , why would id cards be needed ? 
  they really want the third voter , a pair just is not quite a voting base . 
  that or he has done a complete 180 in the past year or so . 
  i do get what you are saying and in many ways i do feel it is a valid and fair point . 
  however personally i ca n't see there being many mps that are placed as you have described mainly because at the last election the eu referendum may have won the tories some votes but even they thought that it was a done deal and in my recollection was not a large part of the election campaigning at the time , especially from labour mps ( let me know if you feel differently about this as it is really just a personal anecdote ) . 
  so while we could say that all of the parties except for ukip supporting remain ( on the whole ) lends this line of reason some validity , i would also say that it is stretching it to claim to have much in the way of a mandate to vote down article 50 based on the last election campaign and your position on the eu ( barring any that have been elected in by-elections closer to the vote ) . 
  honestly i am satisfied with the path/expected path that this is currently on as i feel it is appropriate that parliament should vote , however i also feel that their hands will be forced as expected/described by all . 
  what about that mp ? 
  in the situation you have described then it would make sense for the mp to defy the party whip and vote against article 50 . 
  was there a specific mp you had in mind for this situation ? 
  i have not really looked into it but i had assumed labour would be making far more noise if they thought the situation if they thought there were any such voters up for grabs . 
  though that might be a hard sell coming from corbyn . 
  oh i agree , but it ca n't be let on to the remainers still voting for the labour party now can it ? 
  why obviously remain ? 
  if you think the labour party would n't suffer for voting remain now then i suspect you either have not been paying close attention or have been seriously mislead by a remain voter . 
  i agree that is usual for for politicians to insist they are right , the problem in this case is that the referendum was already an admission that they ca n't make the decision in this case . 
  so after admitting to this even they realise it would be pushing it to then say actually we know the answer we want forget about it !, 
  not exactly sure what you are saying here ? 
  the referendum was needed because there was such a divide that required a decision be made , so i would view it that the politicians made the decision to ask directly . 
  that is nice for you . 
  oh well you learn something new every day !, 
  you voted leave then ? 
  yeah i mean if we could change instantly and at no cost then i might have more sympathy for the position that everything should be decided repeatedly , but that is not reality and i do n't believe people really have the will to make such decisions constantly , we have enough non-voters as is !, 
  no i am not , neither is anyone suggesting the need for such a process for anything other than the referendum funnily enough . 
  well surely only the most obtuse politician can continue to insist they are correct and should be the people/person making decisions for the country as opposed to the electorate . 
  which when you think about it is a message i ca n't possibly imagine corbyn selling , even if he wanted to !, 
  well i was arguing against the `` this should have required a super majority '' . 
  i would mainly put that down to the fact that while there was the support for the leave vote , no one , not even people voting leave actually believed that leave would win . 
  the government has accepted one change to its `` world view '' but i would n't pin my hopes on the idea that everything is now up for debate . 
  i would say the same for all other issues if someone was attempting to change the decision making process after the fact in a way more likely to favour the losing result they supported . 
  well the limit there is surely the need for the referendum to be organised and part of the existing political process ? 
  i mean you could apply this to every decision ever made that was not immediately and certainly decided ? 
  yes but not more so than his stance on every other issue , this would be taking a strong stance opposing the majority of the voters labour are hoping not to lose . 
  it was never about hatred from the uk side . 
  why ? 
  i get the impression that the opposite is true . 
  how do you mean ? 
  there was not even a vote on the union in the current form so it does seem rather like an agenda driven suggestion . 
  what would be the benefit to that ? 
  question based on curiosity . 
  i do n't think even corbyn wishes to destroy the labour party quite so directly . 
  poor effort . 
  what kind of arguments have you had this response to ? 
  what restrictions would you see placed on the press to ensure they are freer ? 
  started chemo yet ? 
  do n't be disappointed be enlightened , the `` european dream '' never existed in the uk in the first place . 
  again you appear to be suffering a lack of reading comprehension . 
  you might have to explain what specifically you are responding to ? 
  i suspect you have not been reading the chain you are responding to . 
  what are you on about ? 
  well there is certainly no reason to argue with someone as wise as yourself , i shall leave the worlds problems in your hands fine sir . 
  did you not understand my point or are we meandering off into the sunset ? 
  so if the uk asks for the moon you are alright with the uk getting all the benefits of eu membership without paying ? 
  it was ? 
  seemed to miss out on responding though i guess if one ca n't come up with something snappy any response will do !, 
  your last sentence ? 
   the eu can not be blackmailed by anyone , it 's as simple as that . 
  was this meant as a response to someone else of have you stumbled on the incoherence of your own position ? 
  so my understanding of your position is that ireland should still be under british rule as that would have avoided the whole issue ? 
  or am i misreading you ? 
  you mean it is n't a unified market ? 
  i am not sure what the anecdote that many people hate regulations has to do with the regulations starting off being exactly the same ? 
  maybe i missed your point on this ? 
  oh really please tell me more . 
  compromise on having the same standards or are you completely ignoring that part , just curious ? 
  except turkey ? 
  mighty generous of you , how much were you thinking of contributing ? 
  no , i was talking about the usage of the term having certain connotation , that being that the person is in politics as a career without having any specific belief or purpose rather than someone who has a career in politics specifically . 
  so what i am getting at is that the phrase contains meaning other than the literal and i believe this to be so widely known that it is assumed the use of this term to be an insult . 
  i seriously doubt you have listened to anything said to you in all of time but i could be wrong . 
  hmm is this usage portugal specific or continental ? 
  you have serious emotional issues if you can put this much effort into commenting on something you appear to have not the slightest understanding of . 
  blimey mate you might want to calm down a little . 
  seems a little excessive to wish such an upheaval on others just to manage ones own emotions . 
  why would you expect the youth to think it is a good idea ? 
  fair enough , i can understand why he would n't be to peoples taste . 
  what are you on about ? 
  not to start an argument but it does rather seem you are projecting an awful lot there . 
  i guess he rubs everyone differently , i just never interpreted anything he said to be particularly in the vein of speaking for everyone , it would seem more that people like to say he speaks for no one but again i guess impressions vary . 
  i ca n't say i have ever heard or got that impression from farage ? 
  were you thinking of anything particular ? 
  i believe he says that he does n't just want the uk out of the european union but europe out of the european union . 
  was this meant for me ? 
  i did n't mention social justice nor would i and i definitely would not be considering the international aspect of it either !, 
  corbyn looks like he may be realising that `` social justice '' is not a vote winner for the majority of the electorate , though obviously this is specifically talking about free movment .
