  maybe it is n't what you imagine it to be . 
  you just do n't see the similarities because the language barrier gives you a limited view . 
  as someone who 's bilingual i would even say that germany is closer to the us than britain . 
  it is up for me . 
  the us is culturally more similar to germany than you realize . 
  [ only the two highest ranking judges get stoat collars . 
  ] ( https://www.vfgh.gv.at/cms/vfgh-site/images/pressefotos/verfassungsrichterinnen_und_verfassungsrichter_2013.jpg ) the president and the vice persident of the court . 
  i guess it 's a remnant of monarchic traditions where white stoat fur was traditionally the symbol of highest power . 
  [ for example here is your edward vii . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/44/edward_vii_in_coronation_robes.jpg ), 
  the current result is undemocratic whether you like it or not . 
  that is unacceptable regardless of your desired outcome . 
  it 's just bound to your general registration at your place of living . 
  idk after the hearings it became clear quickly that the poll had to be repeated . 
  any other outcome would have damaged our democracy and i say that as someone who voted for vdb in the second poll . 
  and that rules were broken . 
  i find that laissez faire approach to democracy disturbing . 
  yeah i suspect as much . 
  but on the other hand i also expect the fp\u00d6 to commit to europe while pushing for reforms . 
  that is incorrect the army engineers have some rowing boats . 
  no but until there are n't any laws broken . 
  the officials who signed that off are going to get fined in separate trials . 
  the court did n't investigate whether there was fraud or not . 
  that was not the scope of their investigation . 
  they only had to decide whether there was the possibility of fraud and so that was all they investigated . 
  elections have to be above any doubt . 
  brexit sealed the fate of hofer . 
  look i 'm not playing the game where i tell you something which you then ignore and ask the same question a few post later again . 
  the us would n't want any escalation in a conflict between uk and eu for obvious reasons and would make that point very clear to the uk . 
  they would also be on the side of international treaties and international law for obvious reasons . 
  it 's not about the law breaking . 
  it 's about ignoring a ruling of the ecj . 
  you wo n't ignore the laws anyway out of fear what uncle sam might have to say if you are naughty and do n't eat your greens like a good boy . 
  the eu will be threatening sanctions and the us will step in over fear for world wide economical consequences and the property of their investors in the uk . 
  but since that 's the obvious thing that will happen it wo n't happen and you will simply stick to the rules . 
  she 's just advocating sticking to the law . 
  just because the uk has decided to go full banana republic does not mean the rest of the eu has to . 
  you 're going to do what they us tells you to as always . 
  you ca n't run an economy of 60 million people on table scraps . 
  there 's a reason only micro nations do that . 
  oh boy are you in for a suprise when you read about british car production and who owns them , what they produce and where they sell it to . 
  it 's not a question of if any longer only a when . 
  your membership ends when it ends and does not slowly fade to your liking . 
  i 'm sure they will be of great help in all sheep related matters . 
  do n't even argue with him he 's a raging 14 year old brexiter . 
  rhe swiss also pay inyo it and recive nothing . 
  but it drove the price of rhe pound down so it is n't free either . 
  the eu is doing as much as it can which is as much as he national governments are willing to let them fo which ist much outside common market legislation . 
  but you get nothing from your payments into the cohesion fund . 
  if you take part in a specific program it 's something different . 
  shows that you only grow through adversity . 
  said the guy from a country that mourns a time over 2000 years in the past . 
  that 's the nationalistic myth in every country . 
  poland , hungary etc. 
  all constantly moan the historic injustices . 
  all countries that used to be something and are nothing now mourn for some idealized past and curse the evil external forces that constantly work against them . 
  recent case study brexit . 
  with royalty ? 
  forever . 
  no shit sherlock . 
  there 's also no way that thing can be extended unanimously without buying smaller countries off . 
  i can only imagine the the troubles things like border controls in ireland or stuff like fishing rights are going to cause . 
  stop living in your fucking little fantasy world . 
  two things made america great . 
  european mass immigration and european self destruction . 
  trying to separate america from europe is just an exercise in frustration and/or self delusion . 
  all they are fed in school is propaganda . 
  let 's start at the basics . 
  what would you even trade with the us ? 
  just look your meps up . 
  we have some career politicians but most have some private sector background or were teachers or university professors . 
  i like my opinions like i like my women . 
  elderly , american and a little bit retarded . 
  hodor, 
  a stupid line intended to impress clueless morons . 
  apparently it worked . 
  mountbatten is just he anglicized form of battenberg . 
  the biggest problem they have is a group of greek politicians that forced them down a wrong patch in the 1980s . 
  yes . 
  the best solution would be a european taxpayer that pays for european problems . 
  an extension of federal powers of the union . 
  but you ca n't just hand unlimited money over to national governments because there is no accountability . 
  besides that the greek problem was that they had a completely unsustainable system and cutting that down to sustainable levels is n't exactly austerity . 
  yeah because you kept sending irrelevant clowns . 
  even the tories simply left the eep . 
  if you pay you get to make decisions over the money . 
  no taxation without representation . 
  the german taxpayer ca n't be made to pay for greek policies if he has no say in those matters . 
  that 's the core problem . 
  but not inside the eu . 
  in the uk maybe but that 's not relevant to the european parliament . 
  i think you terribly misunderstood my post . 
  not in the european parliament . 
  his voice there has become worthless . 
  10 % shrinkage of the pound is more than a 10 % increase of a membership fee . 
  germany pays 0.38 % of its gdp to the eu and is the largest contributor the uk 0.31 % . 
  compare that to the 6 % gdp spent on pensions in the uk or the 2 % defense spending or the 22 % on social benefits . 
  if only 10 % of that money is being spent on imported stuff a 10 % drop of the pound means that you have to spend the entire eu budget contribution of the uk extra to get the same amount of stuff . 
  yet they probably love their german queen . 
  what a load of bullshit .
