  way too much hydro . 
  give give him some time . 
  they have yet to admit that their empire died in the 50s . 
  lol, 
  sorry i just expanded the other guys metaphor . 
  also i do n't necessarily think that he meant to do something stupid he just did n't know any better . 
  then they should have made that the question . 
  not a question about a very complicated agreement . 
  because everything is expensive there ? 
  also there is a whole lot of uk that is n't the city of london . 
  we have n't swallowed an eastern bloc country whole 25 years ago and had to undo the effects of 40 years of socialism . 
  either way i doubt anything will happen until the referendum is over . 
  he wanted to clean the stables of augeias but he just ai n't no heracles . 
  spain and italy would have an effect on the markets . 
  i think they , eu imf et al. , know exactly how and why they treat greece the way they do . 
  i do n't know why anyone would trust the numbers the greek government reported to the oecd . 
  every argument based on those pre-crisis numbers has to be flawed . 
  everything is possible but not until that referendum is over . 
  there are a lot of opposition parties here in northern europe as well that would absolutely implode if they ever came to power . 
  it 's like dog chasing a car . 
  they 're good at hunting it but once they 've reached it they have no fucking clue what to do with it and probably get seriously injured or killed . 
  well this season could be lost . 
  because it sucks if you are in vacation , the gas stations have no fuel , the shops are all empty and there 's riots all around . 
  if there really is a sudden change to the drachma i would avoid greece for a while until everything settles and i think a lot of tourists will think the same . 
  the former capital of portugal, 
  and across that water ? 
  yeah but they annected more than the majority area . 
  in austria from the late 90s on but we only joined in 1995 . 
  well austria is more like crimea in this analogy as both are predominately inhabited by the aggressors ethnic group . 
  if russia annexes lithuania to protect a russian speaking minority then they are like czechoslovakia and the sudetendeutsche . 
   and when you choose the wrong side of history oh come on that 's just an empty husk of words devoid of any meaning . 
  if you do n't like that policy of your isp choose another one . 
  it 's a free market unlike the us one where you simply have no choice for the most time . 
  no that 's where we were 15-20 years ago . 
  national monopolies . 
  the situation on europe is different because our landlines are already utilities for a long time . 
  in the us your provider owns the cable that runs to your house and nobody can use it but him and you 're stuck with the cable owner . 
  in the eu i have a choice which company gets to use the telephone line to my house . 
  nope , they thought the same with hitler and czechoslovakia . 
  but they would vote for the one giving them cushy government jobs and early retirement and that was what lead them to this situation . 
  well that 's about the euro zone not the eu . 
  i guess most of those guys simply do n't want someone from the political establishment . 
  another bush clinton race sounds like death to me . 
  i 'm just annoyed that he 's picking on the poor french guy . 
  i guess it takes a british bigot to make an austrian defend a frenchman . 
  well that 's how made in germany originated . 
  as a protective measure for english industries . 
  for me croatia is about sailing . 
  to be fair most 2nd generation immigrants from yugoslavia i know identify themselves as their yugoslavian nationalities . 
  not that it mattes in this case . 
  yeah considering what happened it could have been a lot worse . 
  1625 there 's going to be a zib special on at orf2 . 
  maybe they 'll know something more then . 
  yeah it just goes to show that one sad sob with a terrible childhood can cause a lot of damage in a fit of rage and there is nothing you can do about it . 
  complete safety will always be an illusion . 
  also it 's amazing that they arrested him and not simply shot him as reports say he had a knife after exiting the vehicle . 
  oh yeah i just meant to say that at least the official channels are n't making it an immigrant issue . 
  the orf just calls him austrian . 
  police here explicitly denied it having a terrorist background . 
  family issues and some kind of restraining order . 
  `` wegweisung '' is when he is n't allowed to enter a shared apartment anymore most often due to spousal abuse . 
  at least that 's the current information . 
  apparently he had a mental breakdown after he got some kind of restraining order . 
  at least the latest info from the police is that it were family issues and they deny it being related to terrorism . 
  100 km/h makes it seem like it was intentional so in a way i guess we were lucky there are only 3 dead as of now . 
  he could have done way more damage . 
  also goes to show how futile all the anti terror measures are . 
  not saying that he was a terrorist but all it takes is one human and a car to cause massive damage . 
  i would n't want out of the euro if i was greek . 
  you 're too stupid to look at a handful of numbers and understand them . 
  why am i not surprised greece is in such deep shit . 
  those were the numbers of the greek ministry and multiple papers reported on it and i trust greek numbers over oecd numbers . 
  even 683,627 is in conflict with your 2008 numbers . 
  the 2008 numbers you posted are pure fiction . 
  greece had 15-20 % government employees and that 's a fact . 
  those numbers are in direct conflict with this http://www.inewsgr.com/89/synolika-768009-oi-apografentes-dimosioi-ypalliloi.htm and that http://greece.greekreporter.com/2014/07/21/greek-public-sector-employees-reduced-by-267-095/ and the labour force of 5 million taken from here http://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?datasetcode=anhrs, 
  [ and stuff like this ? 
  ] ( http://rt.com/files/news/greece-protests-germany-merkel-946/protester-plackard-german-chancellor.jpg ) is that also `` something different '' ? 
  and how do you think german people like something like this ? 
  most time that 's not strictly racism imho . 
  greece as a country may have a cultural problem but the independent greeks themselves are n't viewed that way . 
  there are enough greeks in germany or here in austria and people mostly like them . 
  but it seems that the system in greece is shit and the same people often can do better in other systems . 
  at least that 's what those people think regardless of the actual situation in greece . 
  yeah there are certain stereotypes about mediterranean countries but more about the system in those countries than the actual people themselves . 
  if that makes any sense to you . 
  i 'm not saying that those stereotypes are true just saying that they exist and they exist independently of the actual people . 
  get your mind out of kindergarten and grow up . 
  except that nobody brought it up besides him . 
  well as an american you should be pretty sick and tried of issues being labeled as race issues when they are blatantly social and economical issues . 
  not to mention that it stereotypes us europeans north of the alps as petty racists which in itself is a pretty stupid generalization and displays nothing but ignorance . 
  race has nothing to do with the whole greek debacle . 
  the implication that it has something to do with it , it is nothing but harmful . 
  it 's not the truth , it 's not clever . 
  it 's only playing to a perceived victim status of the greek who like to blame everyone but themselves . 
  his sarcasm was simply unwarranted . 
  all he is doing is playing to stupid stereotypes . 
  i do n't like the implication that the stuff in greece has anything to do with race or skin color . 
  that 's disingenuous and poisons the discussion . 
  i do n't know what your country is but for nearly every country in the eurozone the answer would be : germany is your biggest trading partner , your biggest source of tourist income , your biggest market for your own products .
