  also i 'm really tired '' wo n't fly . 
  no just stating that there are more than enough failed states and that sovereignty is more a state of being than a right . 
  greece can choose any options it likes but if they run out of options nobody owes them to provide more . 
   there simply have to be some mechanisms that ensure that greece does what is agreed to , otherwise they do n't get the money promised . 
  oh boy , you are so naive . 
  there are n't any mechanism to ensure that . 
  the influence of germany and the others end as soon as greece has the money . 
  they can turn and around and say `` fuck you all '' as soon as that happens . 
  that 's why there has to be trust and that trust has been more violated than a kid in the house of lords . 
  `` i was just following orders '' . 
  yeah greece leaving the nato while turkey stays . 
  like that 's going to happen . 
  greece can chose its own way like a sovereign nation and it can bear the consequences like a sovereign nation . 
  if they want to go then they will be shown the door . 
  if they do n't want to go outside because it 's cold there then again it 's their sovereign decision . 
  being sovereign does not mean that others have to bend to your will . 
  just like with freedom your sovereignty ends where someone else 's begins . 
  that just means that only sovereign nations can join and that they are equal as sovereign nations within the framework of the un . 
  of course some are more equal like the members of the security council and states like western germany were members of the un without having full sovereignty anyway . 
  also being in the un does not guarantee sovereignty . 
  they should have never joined the eurozone in the first place yet they chose so themselves . 
  they should have never overborrowed that much . 
  you ca n't blame the other countries for defending their own sovereign interests . 
  there are more than enough failed states on this world . 
  regions where chaos reigns . 
  greece dismantled its own sovereignty . 
  they got themselves into a position where they are dependent on the goodwill of others . 
  well that 's the crux of the whole affair . 
  if you ca n't run your country yourself you are n't sovereign by definition . 
  greece pretending to be a sovereign country is laughable because right now they are n't within the context of the eurozone . 
  others are in a position that enables them to dictate their fate . 
  sovereignty is not a god given right . 
  you have to earn it , defend it and keep it alive by yourself . 
  can we also reflect on the fact that the only reason anyone gives a shit about germany is because no one else is willing and able to lead ? 
  spain and italy are kinda fucked themselves and france is too weak economically and it 's leadership too weak internally to be any use as a counter to germany . 
  germany is just pushing its own position and the whole rest of the eurozone is either aligned with germany anyway for economical and cultural reasons like austria and the netherlands for example or not influential enough . 
  so stop making germany responsible for the whole disaster . 
  the germans never wanted to lead europe the just ended up doing it because there is no one else that does . 
  merkel has no special powers in europe nor does she want them . 
  yet for years now she 's the centerpoint because germany is one of the few countries that take europe seriously . 
  cameron ca n't do shit because he has to badmouth europe at every opportunity to stay alive internally , a situation he got himself into because the eu was for a long time now sold as something bad in the uk , and hollande is head of a state that itself is in dire need of reforms that will never happen because those reforms ca n't be sold to the french public . 
  spain and italy are in deep trouble since the crisis and their governments have little stability compared to germany . 
  honestly it 's laughable to blame germany for being a bad leader yet at the same time everyone expects them to lead . 
   any money down to avoid it , it very much depends on the amount of money and what you get for it . 
  which is the only position that makes sense . 
  she does n't want a grexit and has said so often . 
  she is however not prepared to keep them in at all costs . 
  the same is true for the austrian position . 
  yeah and why did they have to pay back 300 billion in the first place ? 
  because they borrowed that money and dumped it into their economy via wages for government employees . 
  it just shows what can be done with free money . 
  they pumped 300 borrowed billions into their economy . 
  that 's going to have some effect . 
   overall a war would kill less greeks than merkel 's reforms . 
  just spare us the retarded populism . 
  here 's an article about the current recession and the divide in italy . 
  http://www.economist.com/news/finance-and-economics/21651261-north-limps-ahead-south-swoons-tale-two-economies and here 's one from 1996 just to show that that has been a topic for a while and because it 's a good article http://www.nytimes.com/1996/11/15/world/north-south-divide-in-italy-a-problem-for-europe-too.html should the ny times paywall you google the article they do n't do it if you arrive from google . 
  the thing is that italy is two countries in a lot of ways . 
  there is a real economical and cultural divide between the north and the south . 
  in case of a brexit they could end up outside the free trade zone . 
  there 's no real precedent how that 's going to be handled . 
  well obviously . 
  yeah but there is also a lot to gain for germany and a lot to lose for britain . 
  frankfurt and berlin could definitely profit from kicking london out . 
  it 's not just about being punitive it 's about hampering competition . 
  losing free trade access to the whole eu is going to hurt and keeping it is going to come at a hefty price . 
  but germany would also enjoy to crush your car industry . 
  and tariffs might just do that . 
  considering the demographic structure of germany the have to be fiscally conservative because pensions are going to blow up in the next decades . 
  the average german is ~ 50 years old . 
  sch\u00e4uble is bitterly disappointed by the greeks . 
  faz is definitely one of the most prestigious and well respected newspapers in the whole german speaking world . 
  just wait . 
  there is a meeting right now that started about 2 hours ago . 
  after that we will know more . 
  and what greece did was not trying to outmuscle the whole eurozone ? 
  they counted on the other european countries wanting to save the euro at all costs . 
  that 's why this whole shitshow started in february . 
  the thing that greece did n't consider was that the others would call their bluff . 
  greece thought they had an economical bomb as a threat but in reality all they ever had was a firecracker . 
  they massively overestimated their position and that cost the greek people dearly . 
  tsirpas went to a gunfight holding only a knife and then he managed to slip and fall onto it . 
  dry humor is harder to translate . 
  also germans love the absurd which is also hard to translate . 
  as an austrian i would welcome them with open arms although i guess they would prefer to stay independent . 
  well that 's even more depressing, 
  why waste substance on an imbecile ? 
  you 're a fucktard that 's all . 
  a little boy without any clue . 
  how about you go a little beyond your daily bild lecture before spreading such utter nonsense . 
  yeah according to their data which they probably got from either their ass or paid goldman sachs for . 
  all at the low low cost of weeks of capital controls wrecking havoc on the greek industries . 
  such brilliance . 
  if the law allows for that interpretation then yes you could do that . 
  now imagine how much stuff we could have bought if greece did n't piss away the borrowed money at all . 
  the banks are the bad guys for borrowing greece money and now the eu countries are the bad guys for not borrowing greece even more money . 
  it 's just your interpretation that makes you crazy . 
  laws can and should change but you should not ignore them if they are inconvenient . 
  if you need to change a law then fucking change the law and not make a special exemption . 
  yeah fuck those evil germans for making stuff that people want to buy !,
