  all the leave voters are going to get fucked . 
  yeah stabilize . 
  not bounce back you dimwit . 
  english will play a lesser role now in the eu as will common law . 
  at least we can get rid of that pesky british discount . 
  the elites never lose you moron . 
  every brit just lost +12 % of his net worth . 
  most eu passes were handed out in the uk . 
  yeah all these european pakistani are really getting out of hand . 
  paris , frankfurt . 
  because they are . 
  why should you put any nation first on a continent that 's as closely connected as europe ? 
  how the fuck is that supposed to work ? 
  yeah another recession is exactly what he and his oil companies need . 
   we will rise again !, 
  calm down adolf . 
  ca n't wait to buy a new rover !, 
  old people do n't use twitter but they vote . 
  80 year olds have decided the future for the 18 year olds . 
  it 's a stupid idea . 
  it 's mainly trump supporters trolling . 
  ca n't wait for the markets to open . 
  asian markets are going apeshit right now . 
  today is n't over yet . 
  it 's going to be more than 12 % at the end . 
  what crisis ? 
  nikkei is only down 8.5 % . 
  the pound has only lost 11 % . 
  it 's going to be a massacre . 
  nikkei already down 7 %, 
  becasue of the bloody eu . 
  yeah jsut wait until the markets in europe open . 
  why did they have to do that shit on a thursday . 
  you do that . 
  i would recommend buying pounds . 
  one of the biggest issues just decided to leave so that 's a start . 
  lol no they are n't as free as people in continental europe are . 
  their pubs have to close at like 11pm . 
  that 's the dumbest reason to do anything . 
  oh boy are you going to be disappointed with the follow up negotiations then . 
  lol why would china want to trade with the uk over germany ? 
  you guys have zero leverage . 
  well america mostly grew by taking every european immigrant they could get their hands on and britain really does n't want to do that . 
  unlikely . 
  what was the point of the referendum if it stays the way it was ? 
  yeah ? 
  take a look at the fortune 500 and nasdaq and the nikkei . 
  fun times ahead . 
  i do n't even know how that could work . 
  they could join ireland or something . 
  the eu has not even 10 % of the bureaucrats the uk has . 
  every power the eu has has been given to them by national parliaments including westminster . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about or you are simply trolling . 
  what a load of shit . 
  the eu has only the competences given to it by the member states . 
  westminster has agreed to every power the eu has . 
  this has nothing to do with sovereignty . 
  -9 % now http://uk.investing.com/currencies/gbp-usd, 
  all indices are falling . 
  becasue capitalism is failing the majority of people . 
  trillions of dollars lost world wide . 
  new recession . 
  riots in china . 
  what are you even talking about . 
  this is not some courageous freedom fight . 
  that 's just extremely short sighted xenophobia fueled by nationalist angst . 
  historically those countries have all failed . 
  the british mentality lags 70 years behind reality . 
  he also better save the pound . 
  go to greece . 
  more sun and better food and they could also use the money . 
  ... or dies . 
  should n't base your national policy on survivor bias . 
  becasue every power the eu has is one london does n't have . 
  and the results of this referendum . 
  total number, 
  timber !, 
  do n't think there will be much sleeping today for them . 
  tell that to the iraqis and syrians . 
  i 'm freeee freee fallin https://www.poundsterlinglive.com/free-live-charting-service-pound-sterling-live, 
  yeah but being the waterboy for the us and then running away from the consequences is low class even for britain . 
  should be . 
   chaos on global markets at the time of writing - the pound is obviously bearing the brunt of the hit but ftse 100 futures suggest the market will open a whopping 5 % in the red . 
   billions will be wiped off the market . 
  markets are reacting https://www.poundsterlinglive.com/eur/5082-pound-to-euro-exchange-rate-3434, 
   there is really nothing britain can do about the causes of refugees now . 
  well they could n't have invaded iraq . 
  that bloody war is the root cause of isis and that refugee shitshow . 
  50 % would be way more votes than the current government has so it 's something . 
  like 2/3rds of immigrants are from the commonwealth and not the eu anyway . 
  ai n't no pakistanis in poland . 
  but you are registered at your address are n't you ? 
  afaik you do n't need to register in the uk if you move . 
  they went there because the uk was one of 3 countries that opened their labor market directly after the eastern expansion . 
  germany and the others had restrictions . 
  sorry but you 've got some irrational nationalist hatred against germans so almost nothing you say makes sense . 
  look into the origins of the deutscher bund if you want to understand the developments that lead to german unification . 
  you only look at the results of long developments and that 's simply to short of a scope . 
  the world wars developed over decades . 
  the power shifts of the industrial revolution internally as well as externally have a million times more to do with the world wars then some racist conspiracy theory you dream up .
