  the scales are just so different . 
  austria would be a small economy on its own . 
  there are 3 big economic blocks in this world . 
  the us+nafta , the eu and east asia . 
  everything outside of that is either irrelevant or has oil . 
  on it 's own every european economy is midsized at best . 
  or any line other than its own for that matter . 
  one of the reasons there is this such a strong concentration on france and germany is that the uk 's position is so weak . 
  italy and spain have to big domestic problems to be a major factor . 
  that leaves only paris and berlin . 
  well he is n't wrong when it comes to gdp ppp in the g20 or gdp per capita in the eu . 
  it definitely is n't one of the heavy hitters like the us , japan , china or even germany . 
  and when it comes to english mentality the channel might as well be 4000 km wide . 
  whatever that is in miles . 
  japan is twice the size and they have a much more solid production base . 
  and they say germans have no humor . 
  yeah it should . 
  but that 's nothing that happens overnight . 
  switzerland does n't have capital controls . 
  yeah you 're right . 
  tons of easily exploitable resources do nothing for a economy . 
  all those poor oil exporting countries . 
  but outside your country you would have to compete with the globalized world . 
  germany is going to reach a trillion euro worth of exports by tomorrow the 3rd of november . 
  that does a lot for a country . 
  yeah if you would be so kind and point out the massive reserves of shale gas and oil in austria so that we could experience the same rate of economic growth like the us i would be very thankful . 
  perhaps it is n't bad everywhere else . 
  food is expensive in france . 
  same in austria . 
  a la carte is more expensive but the lunch menus are usually cheap . 
  mittagsmen\u00fc in some smaller restaurants can be cheap . 
  5-8 euros . 
  yeah some people tend to forget about the little thing called globalization . 
  it 's very easy to replace a `` fabrique en france '' with a `` made in china . 
  and those are exactly the reasons why that approach would n't work in a country like austria for example . 
  our country 's economy is simply set up completely different and would n't survive capital controls for 7 years . 
  yeah capital controls in greece seemed like real fun . 
  just imagine french or german industries having to life with those in place . 
  with the amount of intra european trade it would be devastating . 
  well the still have currency controls in place which may be fun if you are a relatively isolated island in the middle of the atlantic but is decidedly less fun if you are a country that 's integrated deeply with the greater european economy . 
  it 's simple we have to build a fence before germany does . 
  if slovenia does n't want to be fenced out it has to build one itself . 
  yeah but the suck at it . 
  the idiots always manage to run into each other . 
  also for a game called football there is an amazing lack of balls and foot ball interaction . 
  nah just put them where you want . 
  also make sure that you do n't accidentally spell a word like it is pronounced . 
  ca n't have a sentence without a few homophones . 
  shipping times are rather long but usually you can avoid import taxes . 
  returning to china is not going to be fun i imagine that 's why i have never done it and usually do a lot of research before buying something . 
  but for stuff like cheap tablets there 's no better place than china . 
  thank god that dhl is now directly delivering to austria by themselves . 
  amazon.at simply redirects to amazon.de, 
  if you order off brand stuff order it directly from china and sites like aliexpress . 
  yeah but you should get the tax free prices on amazon so it should be pretty much the same . 
  yeah marketplace is a different story but i tend to avoid them anyway because even if they have acceptable shipping costs returning something is much easier to do with amazon . 
  just print the shipping label . 
  way easier to return something to amazon and get a full refund than to return something to my local mediamarkt . 
  thank god austria is mostly treated the same when it comes to shipping cost from germany . 
  e u s a !, 
  e u s a !, 
  [ try spotting this mcdonalds in salzburg . 
  ] ( http://l7.alamy.com/zooms/21e216f4d2994971b0c7929feb3db986/getreidegasse-in-salzburg-austria-europe-b78dpp.jpg ), 
  heck no . 
  for denying the armenian genocide ? 
  heck yeah . 
  you have to add though that those bars were specifically made for poundland . 
  price is not something that the supplier can decide on his own . 
  actually it was about a coat of arms that depicted a motive from hungarian heraldic tradition . 
  wars of national independence you mean . 
  just look how hung up the us is with 1776 . 
  yeah and on the turkey subreddit , if one exists , people would . 
  a trump supporting brexiteer like you should get nationalism . 
  well then go back to / r/the _ donald seems to be a better fit for you . 
  consensus does not mean that it 's unanimous . 
  `` arguments '' . 
  bunch of completely false statements is more fitting . 
  you 're high as fuck . 
  yeah but not in germany or austria . 
  yeah the great innovation of atm fees . 
  just because you guys are culturally dominated by the us does not mean everyone in europe is . 
  staying open 7 days a week does n't make people buy more . 
  you just spread it out over more days . 
  also lower intensity on the other days might mean less jobs on those days . 
  yeah the law is called the `` doyouwanttokeepyourfuckingjob '' law . 
  not really since that wo n't arrive until tuesday or wednesday . 
  yeah that 's not how the world works . 
  the problem is if somebody does it then everyone has to do it otherwise they lose business to their competitors . 
  sure some industries have to stay open on sundays but if it 's avoidable why should n't there be a social consensus that it 's unnecessary . 
  it does nothing for the economy . 
  it started as a christian thing then it became a worker rights things . 
  businesses do n't really care as other countries show that business only gets spread out to 7 days and there is not more money to be made . 
  they would only have to hire more people and pay them sunday premiums . 
  concentration of industries will happen whether the eu becomes more federal or not . 
  the us needs trump just so the democrats get their shit together . 
  there ca n't be another 8 years of gutting the middle class like there would be under clinton . 
  trump is the light version of what is going to happen to the us system if they continue down the path they have since carter left office . 
  add 8 years of clinton doing nothing for the middle class while having to expand the power of the president so she can do anything against a republican dominated congress , just like obama had to do , and you get a really explosive mixture . 
  maybe not directly after clinton but every step taken in the wrong direction is a step that has to taken again in the right direction . 
  the us really needs to get its shit together to be ready to face the challenges of the future like ai and robotics wrecking the labor market .
