  growth for the sake of keeping everyone busy only wrecks the environment . 
  even if they are all service jobs there are environmental costs associated with it like the infrastructure and energy needed for transport . 
  of course we could all have service jobs where we give each other back rubs while passing the same 20 $ bill in a circle but at some point you have to admit that you are n't adding any value to society and are just trying to keep the system afloat . 
  but you probably only visited the touristic highlights and not the less fancy districts where immigrants live . 
  it 's a 20 kilometer long bypass to prevent flooding . 
  if they open the gates at the top an additional 5500 m ^ 3 / s can flow down the river without spilling into the city . 
  and the way those sources contradict themselves and each other . 
  it 's mostly deflection that causes it in my experience . 
  and i am fully aware that i responded to a shit post with a shit post . 
  i just wanted to mention the https://de.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/bmw_werk_steyr the engines for toyota get produced there . 
  more a fun fact than anything . 
  yeah it 's brexiters . 
  you got it . 
  maybe they had less smog problems if they bought more german cars . 
  yeah but those engines are austrian . 
  and i have read 30 forced nazi references just today . 
  not a single one was convincing . 
  also in the end , after a round 100 years , england has lost its empire and is on its way into isolation while germany dominates european politics and it 's economy . 
  history is a marathon and not a sprint . 
  it 's not because it most often leads to a complete dismissal of the point even if there are kernels of truth in it . 
  it is blinding in that way . 
  it also leads to little more than a round of self congratulating circlejerking as it is the worst possible way to communicate with people that hold other opinions . 
  especially in history a lot boils down to opinion as things like motives and general public mindset of a time are always recorded with a bias . 
  just think about the current year . 
  how will it be viewed in 200 years ? 
  will future generations of badhistory mock any notion that the united states of america was n't all racist ? 
  imagine if the only surviving source was either fox or cnn or breitbart . 
  the whole premise of the subreddit poisons the attitude of the discussion there . 
  mocking is always a weak stance to take . 
  i do n't have so much a problem with narrow but with the way any discussion is conducted there . 
  askhistorians is narrow and i can still can respect them . 
  just look at the link that has been posted that supposedly discusses the graph . 
  i generally have a problem with subs that have an air of self righteousness about them like atheism or all political subs . 
  any nuance gets drowned in a sea of generalizations . 
  no because there are a butt load of elections in europe and brexit is going to be a topic in everyone . 
  it 's a sheer question of probability . 
  the uk is n't exactly making any friends or garnering any sympathies right now . 
  bad history is an unmitigated circlejerk though and should n't be taken too seriously . 
  they have a very narrow set of views and discard everything against their narrative often with adventurous reasoning and while being very selective about their sources . 
  as i said as long as the uk rolls over and does n't contest too much maybe the split can amicable . 
  but given internal uk politics and rethoric for the last decades i would n't get my hopes up too high . 
  oh you 're right were going to stay good friends like all those happily divorced couples out there that like to hang out all the time . 
  it 's going to get ugly and the eu will unite against the uk . 
  unless the uk rolls over that 's the only possible outcome . 
  a common enemy is always a good reason to unite . 
  it was always the only realistic option . 
  any follow up trade deal is going to take longer than two years to negotiate and so a fallback to wto or worse was always part of rhe plan . 
  and obviously the world disagrees with you . 
  seems to happen a lot . 
  but an immigrant is not a broken window . 
  he is going to contribute to society . 
  and the state governments are most likely who handle all the housing stuff etc. 
  linz vienna and munich are all at 48 \u00b0 ~ 15 ' north . 
  stuttgart and paris are also in that ballpark . 
  vienna is 2/3rds the way between munich and budapest . 
  the largest part of european weather is that we are on the west coast and that we do n't have big coastal mountain ranges like america has . 
  vancouver is on the west coast . 
  juneau for example is warmer than oslo . 
  the largest part of european weather is that we are on the west coast and that we do n't have big coastal mountain ranges like america has . 
  he 's not the head of rhe executive so he ca n't sin executive orders . 
  but why blame those things on the west ? 
  those corrupt people are still russians being corrupt in russia . 
  just look how the rest of the eastern european countries has fared after being deeper integrated into the west . 
  their standard of living has gone up considerably . 
  that 's why irrational lunatics should n't be allowed to vote . 
  that would be kinda understandable if you did n't manage to imprison 10 times as many people as other western countries . 
  if 1 % of the population is in prison the system is broken . 
   we do n't label our fruit `` picked by illegals '' so we 'd have to stop buying all agricultural products altogether . 
  just avoid everything that 's produced in the us . 
  i do the same and it 's pretty easy . 
  then stop buying fruits picked by illegal immigrants . 
  news flash : the industry is n't going to come back to areas that have been economically dead for decades now . 
  i 'm all for stronger regions , weaker nations and a stronger eu . 
  cut out the middleman . 
  being contrarian for the sake of being contrarian is the definition of stupidity . 
  trump just pussied out from a comprehensive trade deal that took the us years to negotiate . 
  yes but not in percentage of gdp . 
  you ca n't really see germany . 
  upper austria and bavaria look almost the same . 
  you can see the alps but the area directly north of it is also austria . 
  it 's the danube valley and basically the only place in austria that has a lot of farming . 
  costs of military hardware do n't scale with gdp . 
  a tank is a tank and a kilometer border is a kilometer everywhere . 
  laws are laws and repealing anti nazi laws does n't win you any votes . 
  those laws were justified post wwii to enable denazification and they are still supported by the people in austria . 
  from a purely abstract standpoint i am also against the banning of any political idea but then again reality has a tendency to not to be abstract . 
  i would n't trust the british with any european data . 
  they have a well established history of spying on their friends and i do n't expect it to get any better when that friendship ends . 
  just think about % gdp and then about the gdp of germany poland and greece . 
  sure if you look at it this way people in europe have a universal right to bentley 's . 
  just not an affordable one . 
  they obviously used the wrong map . 
  the article text does n't fit the posted map at all . 
  [ they meant to use this one ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/d/dd/change_of_gross_domestic_product_%28gdp%29_per_inhabitant_in_purchasing_power_standard_%28pps%29_in_relation_to_the_eu-28_average%2c_by_nuts_2_regions%2c_2008%e2%80%9314_%28%c2%b9%29_%28percentage_points_difference_between_2008_and_2014%29_ryb2016.png ) the article is n't hard to read at all on the other hand it offers little more than a description of the maps . 
  from the text it 's pretty clear that he meant this map and not the one that 's in the article . 
  it 's not so much misleading and more like an honest mistake . 
  trains are n't easy at all because the infrastructure is n't there . 
  but that 's still decades away . 
  one truck can suddenly spend at least 3 times longer on the road without having mandatory pause times . 
  try to beat that economic advantage alone .
