it 's useless to speculate about details . 
  the german version of the article explicitly mentions that they used the captured system . 
  actually the german intelligence came to the conclusion that the ukrainian photographs were fakes . 
   bnd 's schindler says his agency has come up with unambiguous findings . 
  one is that ukrainian photos have been manipulated and that there are details indicating this, 
  do n't nit pick translated articles apart . 
  seriously it 's pointless . 
  the german article states that it was a russian buk captured from an ukrainian base and fired a rocket at the jet with that exact system . 
  the original german source is much clearer . 
  the translation is ambiguous . 
  well if he is accusing germany of being biased i know where his loyalty lies . 
  yeah you replaced your food with imports . 
  just like you did with your cars and plumbers . 
  at least you know quality if others produce it . 
  well its a thread about national food . 
  it makes little sense if everyone answers with `` pizza '' . 
  ok i do n't know what to do with that useless map . 
  [ also the median age of germany is 10 years higher than china and the us and 20 years higher than india ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_median_age ) . 
  it does n't matter if they retire 5 years earlier . 
  i did n't know that italian ports were that terrible . 
  well of course because they are all different subsets of europe . 
  also nobody said that it caters to the rhine exclusively . 
   belgium & the netherlands both have greater per capita export ratios then germany well of course because everything that goes through those ports is export . 
  you will find that you also have considerable more import per capita for the same reason . 
  also it 's less than 1 % of the worlds workforce because germany and the rest of the first world nations have a different demographic makeup than developing countries . 
  while it has more than 1 % of the population a significant part of that population is retired . 
  both ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  well it 's hardly going to be the main port of great britain so i think including it is a bit pointless . 
  similarly i doubt that northern italy is using a port that is 1000 km away when they have their own ports . 
  while a neat concept i do n't think it 's really applicable here . 
  rotterdam is at the end of the rhine and germany 's major industrial area is also at the rhine . 
  yeah but what is the major industrial power in europe today ? 
  that 's the deciding factor on what is the largest port . 
  germany has more than 10 % of the worlds exports with less than 1 % of the worlds workforce . 
  i have no fucking idea how that would work . 
  rotterdam is big because of ... you guessed it , germany . 
  without an industry using a port there is no port . 
  limescale and bacteria . 
  german water is n't exceptionally hard it 's just that germans use way less water than the infrastructure can provide . 
  germany has the lowest water consumption of industrialized countries and it fell from the 90s to today by around 20 % . 
  couple that with a lack of population grow and you end up with an oversized infrastructure . 
  waste water is also a problem and they have to flush the canalisation regularly . 
  probably an oil port . 
  usually water is treated or at least controlled . 
  the extent of the treatment depends largely on where you live . 
  nope in germany they have to open fire hydrants from time to time during summer to get the water flowing to prevent algae growth . 
  germans are just too efficient with water despite using only 2.7 % of the available renewable water every year . 
  http://www.spiegel.de/spiegel/a-719873.html http://www.zeit.de/2012/14/wasserversorgung german articles on the subject . 
  best known austrian sekt ( sparkling wine ) is probably schlumberger . 
  austria-germany : [ example 1 ] ( http://www.holidaycheck.at/data/urlaubsbilder/mittel/146/1156517695.jpg ) [ example 2 ] ( http://f.hikr.org/files/806862l.jpg ), 
  i mixed it up . 
  its 40 % nation wide . 
  certain states have more . 
  i had upper austria in mind . 
  every statistic you could ever want on that topic . 
  just to add to that young people in austria and germany also start to look for work very early . 
  40 % of all 15 year old austrians are in an apprenticeship . 
  the problem with such a set up is that it is a perfect setup for an even bigger failure at the next elections . 
  including the fp\u00d6 in a government is usually the best way to kill their growth as , like any protest party , they lack a critical mass of qualified leading members . 
  participation in a government usually exposes that . 
  protest parties tend to be less stable because often their only common denominator is their rejection of the current status quo and those alliances do n't work anymore if you are yourself the status quo . 
  nope usually more conservative in the rural parts and the bigger industrialized cities were dominated by the social democrats . 
  the fp\u00d6 is the classical protest party in austria and they doubled in 2009 in the wake of the economical crisis and they doubled again today to 30 % . 
  the only other notable party are the greens that usually hover around 10 % . 
  absolutely no surprise as this pattern has been somewhat of a constant factor for the last 20 years in austria . 
  the vienna election is going to be really interesting in 2 weeks . 
  the established parties failed to react to the influx of immigrants during the yugoslav war which led to the rise of the fp\u00d6 and ultimately their participation in the 99 government . 
  you barely see the difference that 's the point . 
  + -5 kgs is nearly invisible on a 180-190 male . 
  also physical appearance can differ vastly . 
  arnold schwarzenegger was technically obese during competition in the 70s with a height of 188 and a weight of 106 and a bmi of 30 , where obesity starts . 
  also in the general population the bmi group from 26-28 is the longest lived . 
  actually it is a bmi of 24.7 , at a height of 180 , and by definition normal weight . 
  yeah that 's kinda my point . 
  you can hide a few kilos easily . 
  i 'm 180 and it only really shows when i 'm over 85 although i 'm also down to 77 now . 
  especially in every season that 's not summer you wo n't really see it in most of europe . 
  it 's marginally less healthy . 
  bmi  25 is n't really all that much . 
  if you are 180 cm that 's 80 kg . 
  you are completely clueless . 
  so eastern europe ca n't handle refugees ? 
  western europe has to handle all of them because eastern europe is too weak for that ? 
  do you think we somehow have more arabic speaking teacher just hanging around ? 
  what mask ? 
  ca n't you spot the irony of a croatian moaning about war refugees ? 
  how about we let you sleep in the bed you guys made for yourself 20 years ago ? 
  did we fucking do that ? 
  no we took in over 100 000 refugees . 
  yeah we should n't have taken any croatian refugees . 
  europe can help all syrians through the war as long as everyone takes his fair share . 
  austrian can take its quota but it ca n't take a number way higher than that . 
  the two statements are n't at odd with each other . 
  again , reading comprehension . 
  i did n't write about my reading comprehension i wrote about your lack thereof . 
  well at least he is n't orban . 
  no but anyones that spews retarded nonsense like you has zero reading comprehension . 
  in berlin , things are serious but not hopeless . 
  in vienna , they are hopeless but not serious .
