  and they also have internal transfers . 
  if you ever want an argument as to why a transfer union would n't magically solve the problems of the south look no further than italy . 
  they have all the tools of a full country and yet the south is poor as fuck and has been for the last 100 years . 
  triggering brexit means invoking article 50 . 
  another victim of an underfunded education system . 
  actually you 're not saying much with your reply . 
   i 'm afraid we do n't share intelligence with nations that impose economic sanctions on us , nor do we cooperate militarily with them . 
  neither does russia and europe somehow manages to survive it . 
  how to get sanctioned in 3 easy steps . 
  if they do n't come to an agreement then the treaties are simply cut and the uk is left on its own . 
  because devaluing their currency goes a long way in inducing some growth . 
  how good or bad that is depends entirely on your personal situation . 
  most of central europe looks that way . 
  i did n't downvote anything but your paranoia is adorable . 
  although i down voted this post as i always do when people complain about down votes . 
  i usually express those directly in the posts you criticised . 
  of course that 's the case . 
  it always the same handful of talking points and every single one is stupid . 
  and obviously i am not attacking people because of how they voted but because of what opinions they voice in a public forum . 
  but there is still the possibility that article 50 does n't get triggered . 
  as you said it 's based on probability . 
  i do n't hate the uk . 
  i hate the always same brexiter rethoric . 
  the whole effect is only visible against the dollar . 
  brexit also has a negative effect on the euro . 
  yeah but how about a pack of dogs a few cats several rats and at least one hamster ? 
  there was also the hint that parliament would be involved . 
  once it 's actually triggered is the important thing . 
  yeah i also really like it when it rains . 
  nowhere did i say it was . 
  as soo as there is certainty . 
  which there really is n't . 
  prepare for another drop on the pound once a 50 is actually triggered . 
  the main reason you guys rejected was hat you felt it was going good for you and you saw no reason to change that . 
  not that you have to care about the costs of your actions when you have petrodollars to bankroll everything . 
  there 's a very good reason all norwegian governments keep the current situation afloat . 
  the predictions also thought that cameron would trigger brexit immediately just like he said . 
  dude , their currency lost 20 % . 
  other than that there have n't been any real world consequences yet . 
  still same common market membership and everything . 
  plus europe in general is doing good at the moment . 
  no its because they got their sovereignty back from those dirty foreigners . 
  just your average brexiter . 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  yeah but you are also utterly clueless . 
  norway has a completely retarded relationship with the eu . 
  all pay no say . 
  jesus christ you guys are embarrassing . 
  people just down vote stuff that certain people post for example . 
  down voting uk stuff is also a great way to make brexiters but hurt and who does n't like that ? 
   work less than basically everybody else while getting the same shit done . 
  that 's the difference . 
  nobody benefits from 12 hour days where nothing is done 50 % of the time . 
  a job is a job and not a daycare for adults . 
  no then rhe talks can be extend . 
  theoretically they can be extended indefinitely but practically it will never happen . 
  the netherlands and austria will have to follow germany out of sheer necessity . 
  plus a german work ethic . 
  afaik the main difference in austria is that there are no reduced rates and that you only have to pay it above a value if 22 $ and that it also has to be paid on any eventual tariffs . 
  but how much is london worth . 
  because i can tell you straight up its not worth 200 times as much . 
  even if you were as exceptional as you think paying 10-20 % more would negate any advantage . 
  you do n't pay vat when you order from the us . 
  at least in austria you pay an import tax callefd einfuhrumsatzsteuer of 20 % above a value of 22 $ . 
  above a value of 150 $ you also have to pay eventual tariffs . 
  certain things like pharmaceutical products or tobacco products ca n't be imported at all . 
  all i can say in that topic is that the eu is one large part of the reason south tyrol is basically a non topic in austria . 
  but reddit has decidedly other demographics than the general population . 
  it is representative for the demographics it attracts i. e. mainly people under 40 . 
  in austria it 's 20 % just like vat plus 10 $ customs fee . 
  at least if there are n't tariffs or anything like that . 
  you must be in another time line because in mine nothing has changed in north korea and it is still the private playground of one dynamic family and continues to be so until 2070 when nero jong il burns down pyongyang and finally gets killed by the palast guard . 
  hey i browse / r/all so i can see the whole human spectrum of idiocy . 
  that 's where you 're wrong kiddo . 
  try listening to some experts if you can stomach it . 
  but any micronation nation with 1/100th of your population can undercut you and still get way more out of it per capita . 
  why the uk and not iceland ? 
  it 's pure nationalism . 
  evey other motive is just selfdelusion to rationalise that nationalism . 
  there is no rational reason to leave the eu . 
  it 's all feels and no reals . 
  that 's a rather unique reading . 
  england is a collection of city states with armed robbers roaming the wilderness that lies between them . 
  scotland northern ireland and wales have joined ireland . 
  the us enter the 3rd year of its civil war and russia is on a fast track regarding their eurasian union membership . 
  yeah . 
  by whom is the question though . 
  do n't worry i will stick to ameican english just like always . 
  as long as you guys are happy with a border straight through your island . 
  but you would n't have to pay vat anymore so it should equal out . 
  it is when it comes to younger people . 
  of course there 's always some nationalistic losers that draw their entire self worth from them belonging to a group because that 's all they have . 
  yeah that can of worms has yet to be opened . 
  as there is a eu agreement on the subject i doubt that there are bilateral agreements in parallel . 
  it 's everywhere though . 
  you ca n't really compete there . 
  ireland can always out match you and be better off simply because there are less people to distribute the tax to . 
  there 's a reason micronations are tax havens . 
  and your labour can never compete with china or any other emerging economy . 
  tbh it really was n't though .
