  why should we be mad at the uk ? 
  summa summarum , after 100 years , the uk is just as irrelevant globally as we are and we are now richer then them . 
  thanks to the eu we also do n't need an anschluss anymore . 
  anger certainly is n't the dominant emotion when thinking about a people stuck on a rainy island whose greatest achievement is fried fish drenched in vinegar . 
  it 's more along the lines of pity . 
  yeah but with curry you saute the spices in hot fat and then they release their aromatic oils . 
  or something like that . 
  it 's not just the spices it 's also the method of preparation . 
  at least that 's what i read . 
   i ca n't tell a romanian from a roma the roma are the ones that look like indians . 
  romanians are the ones that look like europeans . 
  it 's quite simple really . 
  germany had a budget surplus in 2016 equal to 3 years worth of uk net contributions . 
  i think they will manage . 
   [ it really is n't lol . 
  you will be fine . 
  the uk as a whole will be fine . 
  well i would n't be so optimistic . 
   why am i not surprised that eastern europeans support racism because you only think in racist stereotypes ? 
  stale curry smell is everything but lovely . 
  curry has a lot of essential oils that can seep into the walls and can build up behind veneers . 
  depending on the wall and the amount of exposure sometimes the only thing you can do to get rid of the smell is to tear down that wall . 
  if you 're lucky you can get away with scrubbing down every surface in the kitchen , including behind shelves and ovens etc. , and then gassing the place for several hours . 
  but you have a right to property . 
  there 's a difference between ordering a curry every once in a while and cooking with it multiple times a week over years . 
  to be fair you ca n't get curry smell out of a kitchen . 
  alternatively just order from china and they will declare everything as a gift valued at 5 usd which makes it exempt from import tax . 
  you guys have sales tax and that is only applicable if the company has a presence in that state . 
  the model is also far from future proof as more and more retail sales go online and the entities that benefit from the sales tax are going to need to look for other avenues to finance themselves . 
  and hilti . 
  at the time germany was to europe what china is to the world today . 
  they had insanely cheap labour and a laissez fair approach when it came to product piracy and copy rights . 
  that depends if you are a british worker or not . 
  yeah tell that to the irish . 
  the same way israel can occupy palestine despite plastering settlements all over the place . 
  you guys act like saying 600 or 700 years makes a hell of a difference . 
  i did n't know you were that insecure . 
   many of those deemed not to be civilians for the purpose of the northern ireland conflict would have classed as civilian casualties under the geneva convention protocol 1 which may make sense in a symmetrical conflict but an armed occupier is an armed occupier shape of the badge notwithstanding . 
  oh come on you know what 500 years is alluding too . 
  the bosporus is the thing that makes the region interesting geopolitically and not some backwater anatolian mountain villages . 
  more or less . 
  but you are free to consult wikipedia yourself for exact dates . 
  that 's more the region than anything else . 
  the turks themselves came as concquerers only 500 years ago . 
  honorary germans . 
  the cad eroded and gdp/capita is an important factor . 
  it 's ahead by 0.004 points . 
  call me a cynic but i do n't believe that those numbers are that precise in any case . 
   that 's complete bullshit , the us had close to no influence on the war lol, 
  yeah ... 
  well it did n't help that the us fired the whole iraqi army and armed anti government rebels . 
  i doubt any country can survive a super power fueling a civil war in that country . 
  they are keeping a lid on the shit show just like saddam was . 
  you ca n't run a democracy over a dozen religious and ethnic fault lines . 
  same thing with the eu . 
  first you have to build a common identity then you can start with the democracy . 
  otherwise you get a yugoslavia situation . 
  the us was supporting the uk and russia way before pearl harbor . 
  it 's not just lacking power projection it 's also lacking strategic defenses . 
  if nato ends germany will have to get nuclear capabilities . 
   no , they were returned to germany . 
  no they were uprooted from their homelands where they lived for centuries . 
   we did not see germans fleeing all over europe . 
  actually we did when the eastern european countries were ethnically cleansing their countries after wwii . 
   how is anything like petrodollars relevant when talking about a country like afganistan , good thing then that i was also talking about iraq and by extension syria . 
  we have a humanitarian obligation . 
  they do n't have an obligation to let themselves be killed just because the us decided to destabilize the region for shits and giggles ( and the almighty petrodollar ) . 
  yeah the eu countries have definitely been enjoying the benefits of us military activity like for example millions of syrian , iraqi and afghani refugees . 
  no because the toll is collected by the asfinag a private entity which owns the highway network . 
  vehicles taxes did n't change when the tolls were introduced . 
  if germans were smarter they would return the money from the toll via taxes on fuel . 
  that would be non discriminatory towards other eu citizens and still would mostly benefit german citizens . 
  on in front of some tunnels as those have their own funding . 
  immigrants are causing avalanches . 
  as a parent i can confirm that kids are indeed pretty fucking stupid . 
  yeah but sane countries do n't have a first past the post voting system . 
  not really . 
  in the end hitler pushed his power grab trough with wartime emergency decrees and brutal street violence . 
  he only ever got 35 % ish of the vote . 
  but all the gay rights and whatnot have only been a smokescreen the whole time . 
  nobody in power gives a shit . 
  it 's just serves to generate talking points for 50 years and create an illusion of choice while the oligarchy takes turns at enriching themselves . 
  well technically the wienerwald is part of the alps . 
  and in 4 hours you are innsbruck by train but that 's a bit excessive if you ask me . 
  yeah i jumbled the numbers . 
  80 % of people in vienna rent . 
  yeah but at least in vienna there is an elaborate system to keep the rent prices down with something like 80 % of all apartments or so being either owned by the city or non-profit `` genossenschaften '' . 
  if you have the money you can visit those places easily and live somewhere nicer . 
   the woman at the booth talked to me for a couple minutes about totally irrelevant stuff that sounds like a nightmare . 
  chicago is probably pretty safe if you are n't black and selling drugs . 
  but that 's the case for a lot of cities on that list . 
  vienna is basically right next to the alps as are munich and all the swiss cities . 
  becasue the anglosphere combined has an incredible trade deficit ? 
  i guess they 're better than the communists . 
  and the elections were just as corrupt as today . 
  maximilian i borrowed so much money from jakob fugger for the imperial elections that he had to pawn off all the silver mines of the new world making jakob the richest man in history with personal control of around roughly 2 % of europe 's entire gdp of that time which translates to around 400 billion usd of today 's money . 
  it 's disputable if the holy roman empire was a state at all . 
  in a lot of ways you can think of it more as a sort of proto eu . 
  there were some overarching policies but most of the things were done locally especially at that time and it would n't really change for a long time . 
  that 's going to be rather hard unless you are into extreme necrophilia .
