  germany and most other countries roughly doubled their gdp per capita in dollars from 2000-2008 . 
  greece nearly tripled it and now they are around double of their 2000 value . 
  oh certainly . 
  i just was n't sure if i understood it all correctly . 
  would n't a haircut of 10 % mean that it can be used as a collateral for loans of 900 $ ? 
  yeah i just do n't get what a haircut on a collateral is and what implications it has . 
  does the ecb lose anything from a bail in ? 
  or is that only relevant for the customers of a bank ? 
  and what is that haircut thing ? 
  is the ecb rating the collateral it has from greek banks at a lower value ? 
  basically greek banks had something of value that they gave to the ecb as security for those loans and now the ecb says that those securities are n't worth their nominal worth because risk etc. ? 
  and it just happens to be at a value where there is no collateral left at all ? 
  so they wo n't get any ela credits anymore ? 
  what is a bail in for non native speakers ? 
  ca n't have the german lifestyle without the german lifestyle . 
  if you spend 45 % of the gdp as a government and only collect 30 % you have to cut 1/3 . 
  how about you include the time from 2000-2008 ? 
  oh i know what happened and it had to be done . 
  but still the money was owed by greece and the lending banks took a haircut . 
  also the worsening refugee crisis . 
  i was at a local refugee camp camp today because my girlfriend is head of the student body government of our local pedagogical university and they are organizing basic german courses lead by students wanting to become teachers . 
  currently they have to sleep in tents in 30 + \u00b0 c heat because all the regular quarters are full and finding suitable new quarters that everyone can agree to is a painful political progress and the rest of europe acts like it 's not their problem too . 
  devaluing the currency was a always a way to levy taxes on the mediterranean countries . 
  the government simply prints the money they ca n't collect and the people pay for it in the form of high interests rates and inflation . 
  the problem with that approach is that it disincentives investments into those countries as any money brought into the economy is going to the same devaluation process and local credits come at high rates . 
  interesting times . 
  usually i prefer boring . 
  best luck to all of us . 
  but it 's not the same potential germany had after wwii . 
  especially since germany did n't regain full sovereignty until the 1990s . 
  the thing is that germany had potential . 
  it was not made an economic super power by the allies but they also did n't prevent them from becoming one something they could have easily done . 
  that potential just is n't there in greece . 
  greece produced a lot of bureaucrats . 
  kohl bought the reunification at great cost . 
  the germans would have never agreed to the euro if it were n't for the reunification . 
  you guys seriously underestimate him . 
  the whole euro only exists because mitterrand wanted to put a unified germany on an economic leash . 
  he saw the collapse of the ussr as an opportunity for reunification and he took it no matter the costs . 
  he managed to get a bilateral agreement with poland through the bundestag that basically signed away eastern prussia . 
  the man had a clear goal and he achieved it to the benefit of all germans and he had to overcome gigantic hurdles to do so . 
  german unification was the one question that dominated the history of the 20th century in europe , that caused 2 world wars and that was finally brought to a peaceful end by one man . 
  especially eastern germany has been paying enormous sums to russia . 
  something like 98 % of all german reparations have been paid by eastern germany . 
  and then another 10 % tax to save italy and another 10 % to save spain . 
  then another 15 % tax to save france that 's collapsed under the economic pressure of those taxes . 
  sounds marvelous . 
  the thing is that if the lenders cave in now it 's going to seem that you are able to blackmail them and that would set a harmful precedent . 
  for that reason alone i think that the referendum was harmful for greece if anything . 
  still setting a positive percent would heavily influence the italian or spanish elections . 
  pictures of humanitarian aid being distributed in greece are going to have sobering effect . 
  i ca n't see a positive outcome for greece . 
  with italian and spanish elections on the horizon the message ca n't be that you can vote your debts away . 
  the current governments of spain and italy would be driven out by the populists and we would be faced with a way more serious situation . 
  i 'm afraid that any discussion about technicalities is going to get lost in translation . 
  can we agree that the eurozone countries wo n't let greece conjure up money from thin air ? 
  that the explanation that they suddenly found 300 billion under a mattress wo n't fly with the other countries ? 
  and that a isolation of greece would be necessary if they were to start tempering with the euro in any way shape or form ? 
  yup but mateschitz made it a commercial success worldwide and hold 49 % . 
  only the ecb has the power to issue euros . 
  if greece starts issuing unauthorized euros there is no other option than to isolate them . 
  how that 's going to be done is open but they will find a way . 
  even only hinting at the possibility could seriously backfire . 
  a currency is about trust and it can not be allowed to be undermined . 
  if they want to get hit with international sanctions . 
  illegally printing euros would be one of the few things that could make the situation even worse for them . 
  would make for a nice casus belli . 
  peoples vote should be based on reality and not on the empty promises of populists . 
  italy and spain have to understand that they are exactly like greece and they have to understand what happens to countries that try to do what greece did . 
  i think the more finance oriented economy of the uk would suffer heavily as would tourist oriented economies . 
  yes but the average voter in the middle is going to see that left parties are n't able to offer miracle solutions . 
  i 'm just saying that it 's completely a matter of opinion . 
  in germany and austria you have right to privacy in public and as a result we barely have any paparazzi . 
  whether that 's good or bad is up to your opinion . 
  and no politicians are n't protected by that but artist and ordinary people are . 
  i have been saying for years that the euro was designed to fail to force a political union . 
  if the ez collapses britain is also going to massively suffer . 
  the only countries that could bounce back from a collapse are export oriented countries like germany . 
  greek banks have money left . 
  it is manageable for the piigs . 
  and yes we are interested in loans being repaid . 
  if half of europe defaults the 2008 crisis will look like child 's play . 
  it 's going to ruin the global economy and people world wide are going to suffer for it . 
  and i 'm not even kidding . 
  you should be very very afraid of that . 
  author rights are unalienable . 
  you can not sell them . 
  the sad thing is i do n't really see that the have another choice . 
  because it is manageable right now . 
  if populists win and roll back austerity measures like syriza did then it could become unserviceable . 
  that can not be allowed to happen . 
  yeah but ignoring the fact that your empire went under and acknowledging it are two different things . 
  because italy is one of the biggest economies worldwide and owes 170 % of its gdp or something like that . 
  that 's not something you can brush away if they would default . 
  it would end the euro for good . 
  a greek default is manageable a italian or spanish default is n't . 
  like lose your leading position in the last 150 years . 
  that 's why greece has to be visibly suffering . 
  there 's simply no other way left . 
  that 's why renegotiations could never succeed no matter how right they may have been .
