  it stayed popular throughout the nordics . 
  the plague , syphilis and deforestation killed them in central europe . 
  baths were pretty popular from roman times all the way through the middle ages until a combination of wars , new illnesses imported through europe 's exploration e.g. 
  syphilis and rising firewood prices killed them off . 
  maybe your dad is simply schizophrenic . 
  `` do you hear voices ? '', 
  is like question one of a psychiatric evaluation . 
  i fail to see how pointing out a strawman and differentiating between adoptive parents and foster parents is controversial so i just chalk any downvotes up to homophobes enraged that i dare to suggest that gay people would make fine foster parents if they are willing to commit to that difficult task . 
  well maybe the romanians should change that . 
  europe is big enough that you will always find an exception . 
  does n't change a thing for the other 90 % . 
  as i 've written below in austria gay couples can care for kids that need special attention but that 's not classical adoption imho . 
  at least in german there 's the distinction between adoptiveltern and pflegeeltern like adoptive parents and foster parents . . 
  yeah but imho children with disabilities or in need of special attention are a completely different story . 
  what people want is a small healthy child to raise as their own . 
  raising a traumatized 6 year or so is a completely different affair . 
  that 's what 's basically happening right now . 
  the debt has been moved to very long term low interest loans controlled by germany et al. 
  they feed greece money in exchange for a say in their budget policies etc. 
  as soon as there is a debt cut they lose all leverage since there is no way for one european country to control another european country . 
  those are usually not just adopted by some random people . 
  first there is less demand because people usually want little baby 's and not traumatised 12 year olds . 
  second you ca n't just take someone 's kid away without a lengthy legal process and there are rather strict criteria who is able to care for a child that 's taken away from its parents as they have special needs . 
  third that process is already open to homosexual couples . 
  it 's a matter of the individual states and in vienna for example it has been possible for over 20 years now . 
  but as i said that has strict criteria . 
  you need to be financially secure , you need to take half a year of lessons and in vienna for example you have to be outed . 
  in the end there are only like 50 himosexual couples in vienna that act as foster parents . 
  wow a lot of homophobes in this thread . 
  thanks for the downvotes . 
  well at least the government in austria says that there is a 2-3 year waiting period . 
  there 's even the possibility to give birth anonymously or to deposit your kid at a hospital . 
  you just open a flap , place the baby in there and ring a bell or after a while the bell rings automatically if there is something in there . 
  there 's still not enough children to meet the demand . 
  it 's just a matter of getting used to . 
  in german tschechien or tschechei is pretty common so for us it barely registers as unusual at all . 
  except that there is n't an orphan problem in europe . 
  this is n't the 19th century with oliver twist begging for bread . 
  in austria there is a waiting list of over 2 years for parents and if you 're a little bit older or have natural children your chances are basically zero . 
  western europe has very low birth rates anyway and in eastern europe abortion rates are through the roof . 
  better gay parents than no parents at all is not an argument because the problem of no parents simply does n't exist . 
  the only kids that are older and in state care are those with severe behavioral issues . 
   both systems can can lead to equally rational and irrational law . 
  systems do n't make stupid laws people do . 
  one is not more `` enlightened '' than the other . 
  roman law was pan european more or less . 
  in the hre the influence was quite substantial because unlike the tribal and customary regional laws it had a major body of academic work backing it up and it was recognized throughout the empire . 
  technically it was supposed to be subsidiary to regional customary law but since it was wider spread and good lawyers had more experience with it it replaced those bit by bit . 
  it 's the opposite actually . 
  german law was the blueprint for a lot of legal systems including japan and china because it was the latest and greatest at the beginning of the 20th century . 
  it has more to do with enlightenment and the idea that law should be rational . 
  at the time the great switch to civil law happened there were well established law systems everywhere . 
  two of the best stations we have are arte and 3sat . 
  as long as they are well done and not politicised channels like that can be extremely valuable as they are free from having to carter to the lowest common denominator the whole time . 
  similarly in austria servus tv can afford to show some interesting niche stuff because it 's more or less just a hobby project for mateschitz . 
  i guess the question was kinda aimed at why the greens have a connection with loew or something like that . 
  we just pay with debit cards . 
  also nowadays you can pay with credits cards almost anywhere anyway . 
  but it was n't that common for a long time . 
  i guess fuck us for not wanting to pay 2-3 % tax on every transaction to some american company . 
  also a lot of it is from germany 's export surplus and moving tons of gold around the globe is n't exactly cheap nor necessary . 
   after the war , global trade revolved around the u.s. dollar , which was backed by gold . 
  under the arrangement , any nation could cash in its greenbacks for ingots at any time . 
  as west germany 's economy took off , the nation ran a trade surplus during the 1950s and \u201960s . 
  german companies exchanged their dollars for deutsche marks , filling the new deutsche bundesbank with u.s. currency . 
  the central bank , in turn , switched the dollars for gold at the new york fed , swelling its stores under liberty street . 
  that ended in 1971 when president richard nixon suspended gold conversions , making the dollar a `` fiat currency , '' backed by nothing but the public 's confidence in the u.s. during the cold war , it made sense to keep the gold in manhattan rather than frankfurt , 75 miles from the iron curtain , just in case the soviets invaded . 
  yet even after the berlin wall fell in 1989 , the gold remained in new york . 
  taken from here https://www.bloomberg.com/news/features/2015-02-05/germany-s-gold-repatriation-activist-peter-boehringer-gets-results, 
  i think a lot of it has to do with the level of taxation and the prevalence of cash . 
  europe is highly taxed and cash heavy that 's why you see those figures . 
  canada is probably more similar to europe in those areas . 
  it 's not a circular argument if homophobia is inherent in people . 
  not everything is a social construct and puberty is hell . 
  besides that there has to be some value in seeing a hetero relationship from the inside for the 97 % of kids that are n't gay and are going to seek such a relationship themselves one day . 
  or what about having role models of both sexes . 
  im not saying that those advantages are giant but just theorising that they might be there . 
  you only asked for possible advantages . 
  as to why they have to wait ... well i already said that i think the rights of the child absolutely dwarf the rights of the parents . 
  there is already heavy discrimination when it comes to adoption in all kinds of areas . 
  age , relationship status , income etc. 
   while many of the sample sizes were small , and some studies lacked a control group , researchers ... do not view large , representative samples as essential . 
  that 's the problem right there . 
  that 's not science . 
  waiting time for an adoption in austria is 2 to 3 years for the parents . 
  we can afford to be picky . 
  #butmostgreeks ? 
  just no tax benefits/pension tied to marriage at all . 
  i said as much above . 
  my main problem with complete equality is with adoption and certain tax/pension benefits that only really serve the social goal of producing children for the state that should be taken out of marriage in general and baked into benefits tied to the child . 
  adoption should have one main focus and that is the child . 
  it 's more vulnerable and its rights should be at the centre of the discussion and not the rights of the adoptive parents . 
  keep in mind that this is not me saying that gay parents ca n't be good parents but that i find the whole discussion has the wrong focus . 
  it 's not an equality issue it 's a child protection issue and until it is clearly scientifically proven that children get the optimal circumstances from their adoption i see no need to change it . 
  unlike with your own children with adoption you are able to make a conscious decision as a society and that should be as informed as possible . 
  that 's the beauty of the eu that all countries can profit from it . 
  german supply chains keep a lot of people in work all over europe . 
  most bmw engines come from autria for example , as does a lot of the steel for them and so on and so forth . 
  german economical sucess means sucess for all its neighbours thanks to the way we are interconnected by now . 
  but not as competitive compared to china or japan .
