  here is a / r/askhistorians thread on that topic https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/2r8597/was_caligula_crazy_subquestions/, 
  every list of rich people that does n't include jakob fugger ca n't be correct . 
  he controlled 2 % of the european gdp at the time . 
  2 % of an entire continent controlled by one person . 
  that means that 22 of it are in mortgage derivatives ... 
  i do n't know exactly only that the government and the owner could n't come to a compromise over the usage of the building . 
  the government was paying rent since they returned the house to the family that willingly sold it to the nazi party in 38 and for the last 5 years it stood empty . 
  they always had a very narrow rent contract that did n't allow the usage as a museum for example . 
  the contract allowed the use as a school for example but it had to be renovated and the owner would n't permit that for whatever reason . 
  she was just happy to cash in around 5000 $ per month and was unwilling to invest anything in it . 
  it used to be a school for the disabled until 2011 when the owner started to cause problems . 
  the federal level wanted it gone but state and local government were against it as was a historical commission tasked with the evaluation of how to use it best . 
  we have a federal system in austria and usually that 's all being handled on the local level but if it is a site of historic significance the federal government is responsible and the house has been private property and had to be seized from the owner before they could do anything with it . 
  the republic was paying rent for the house since the 70s but the contract they had with the landowner prohibited them from using it as a museum and it had been a social project for disabled people until 2011 when the owner started to act up . 
  so after 5 years of talks about the usage of the building the federal government seized the property paying normal market prices for the home . 
  that 's just what a democracy is . 
  different sides want different things and everything takes forever . 
  there are less and less poor people world wide . 
  no because a sham is something intentional . 
  there is no evil entity behind it . 
  there is no man behind the curtain . 
  there is n't even a curtain . 
  not even if you go full totalitarian china mode you are able to stay in control today . 
  yeah and probably 80 trillion of that is in real estate and we 'll know how stable that is and in no way a bubble again . 
  but the dutch are more known for never using their motor brakes and overheating their brakes halfway down a mountain pass . 
  if you ever see a car with flaming wheel arches being pushed down a mountain by a trailer it 's almost guaranteed to be from the netherlands . 
  the empire that was brought down by ww2 was not the german one but the british one . 
  it took two world wars but we finally succeeded . 
  because nobody has any control . 
  it 's all just auto pilot and hope we do n't crash . 
  do you have a link to the agreement on the latest debt relief ? 
  while getting a debt relief at the same time . 
  how hard is it to understand that that 's a terrible optic . 
  it 's like when you have debts with your friend , find 20 $ in your pocket and go for a steak dinner . 
   whatever she says . 
  ~ every other european politican, 
  elections are n't a sham it 's just that every government in general is unable to to control a modern state . 
  it 's all gotten way too complex . 
  they also underestimate the long term consequences . 
  no qualified greek is going to sit through that not as long as he can work in any eu country . 
  it 's backed by the fact that oil is traded in dollars . 
  he did n't . 
  that was just what he said to the police . 
  there 's only two different levels of rape that have to be considered by the court . 
  the boy could n't give consent so it 's already rape . 
  that was going to stick either way but the prosecution failed to establish whether the boy was implying consent or not . 
  that may seem unnecessary to you and it is unnecessary for the base crime but for a harsher punishment it is a necessary test . 
  it was a mistake of the prosecution that they did n't explicitly test for that , so all the court legally could do , after the defense rightfully claimed that fact , was to send the harsher conviction of violent rape to a retrial , in which the prosecution had to properly establish the grounds for a harsher conviction , which they now did . 
  why not ? 
  there 's rape and then there 's violent rape and then there 's violent rape where the victim dies or becomes disabled . 
  rape can be if you sleep with a severely impaired person or someone who is n't giving consent . 
  but if you use violence to force someone clearly against their will it 's just amps the punishment up . 
  raping a passed out women and holding a struggling women down while you rape her are not the same thing . 
  there 's always the base crime of rape but there are different levels of severity . 
  if you kill your rape victim it 's a mandatory life sentence . 
  he 's not going to be the same 20 year old moron in 7 years . 
  impulse control gets way better in that time . 
  that 's why 18 year olds drive like idiots and 30 year olds usually not . 
  sexuality is always a power play . 
   the creditors have nothing to fall back on except the `` i do n't like how he spends money '' argument . 
  unless you have an in depth knowledge of the exact terms the debt relief was granted under that 's pure speculation . 
  of course it enters the equation . 
  it 's like a bank refinancing some guys mortgage so he does n't lose his house under the agreement that he does n't spend his income on booze . 
  he then turns around and blows his first paycheck on a big fat bottle of ouzo . 
  look it 's pointless to ask a random stranger on the internet for technical details . 
  all we can really do is to look at cause and effect . 
  i was talking more about the principle that the debtors do n't touch greek money at all . 
  all they do is to either reduce the burden below what is contractually set in place or to not do that . 
  that 's a pure goodwill gesture and they can bind ot to whatever they want and greece can either accept it or got hell ( as ) . 
  now what 's really stupid is to painfully negotiate a deal and then turn around and break it a few days later . 
  yeah but a debt relief affects the money of others . 
  they do n't have to grant it if they do n't like what you do with it . 
  they ca n't stop you doing it but they do n't have to do you any favors if you break your agreements . 
  they can do whatever they want with their own money just not with the money of others . 
  yes it is a violation of his rights but is a deliberate and measured one based on social consensus . 
  rights are granted and guaranteed by society and can be revoked by it . 
  britain it is . 
  austria has a recycling rate of 63 % and the rest is incinerated . 
  that 's arguably better . 
  just saying . 
  daylight played a major role at the time the time zones were introduced and like 90 % of the population was still farmers . 
  but today it 's completely meaningless . 
  he dumbo . 
   why are you so butthurt ? 
  lol have you read your post ? 
  that 's the most butthurt thing i 've read all day . 
  do you even realize that the point you are trying to make , not that you are doing a good job of that , is in itself incredibly stupid ? 
  you are completely and utterly missing the point . 
  a point that i have spelled out explicitly . 
  in multiple comments . 
  you are either incredibly dense or trolling and i have time for neither . 
  just take a look at the german version of the wiki article and bask in its glory . 
  in general we have more important things to learn in history class in that time period . 
  sorry but if we go by 1500s standards we might as well put the start of globalisation to 200 bce because hey the silk road already existed or 1000 bce because greeks imported ember from the baltics . 
  and it 's telling that it 's basically unkown in europe . 
  it 's also a curious name considering that the unravelling of the spanish empire falls into hat time frame as do the american civil war the austro-hungarian german war the franco prussian war and countless other conflicts . 
  it 's not bizarre if you look who it forced the language upon and when . 
  a bunch of iron age tribes men in a time when the fastest mode of information transport was the steamship . 
  america was cut rally and economically dominant when globalisation got rolling . 
  when jets started to shrink the world and when you could watch events from the other side of the globe in real time on television .
