   the definition of genocide ( according to un ) does n't fit antiquity because it does n't meant to be for the antiquity . 
  that 's completely irrelevant as we are not in antiquity . 
  any moral judgment is dependent on the judge . 
  i do n't have to assume a nazi standpoint to judge nazi actions . 
  it conveys exactly the message i want it to convey . 
   taking a modern moral perspective to judge events in the ancient era is naive , biased , and anachronistic . 
  that is not an argument but a statement . 
  a moral judgment from a modern person will always be a modern moral judgement . 
  morality is not absolute . 
  also what do you think the moral judgment of contemporaries was regarding the mongols or the romans ? 
   scholars purposefully avoid doing exactly what you are doing . 
  at best this an argument from authority fallacy . 
   let me guess , you 're one of those people that think columbus was an unconditionally evil , mass murdering genocidal maniac . 
  stop projecting please . 
  for the local population of population of hispaniola columbus was undoubtedly not a positive figure and from a modern perspective some of his actions are to be rejected . 
  again you say very little in your reply outside of one unargued statement right at the beginning . 
  if you want to see a mess wait until the a50 talks start . 
  yeah we can . 
  if you enter a city and kill every man , child and woman it 's genocide and it happened throughout history . 
  the indiscriminate killing of noncombatants with the express intent of extermination is not a modern phenomenon . 
  also stop talking like a 14 year old ffs . 
  `` ugh '' `` lack of understanding '' ... do n't try to imply what you want to say and just say it . 
  use your adult words , tone down the condescending tone and try to form a short and coherent argument as to why you think that one indiscriminate slaughter of a people is different from another one . 
  as classy as a holocaust joke . 
  just because you use `` depopulate '' instead of `` conducting a genocide '' does n't change anything . 
  carthage was by all accounts a full blown genocide . 
  your fake outrage does n't change that nor is it convincing . 
  the laws being stricter does n't matter if no one enforces them . 
  this is actually a thermostat otherwise it could n't regulate by temperature . 
  and you should n't underestimate your fellow countrymen . 
  and you misunderstand me . 
  i meant that it 's pretty obvious that the eu is n't the culprit as they are even providing viable alternatives . 
  it is n't even a good propaganda move and if anything makes dornbrindt look incompetent as the conflict with eu law was easily avoidable from day one of the debate . 
  only that the eu is even providing alternatives that are n't straight up discriminatory . 
  a cut to fuel taxes for examples . 
  the wars could have been predicted but not their extent nor the spanish flu that also killed millions . 
  more importantly they could n't predict the complete destruction of their societies through two world wars and the spanish flu . 
  most european countries have little to do with their 1900 predecessors . 
  without fleshing those words out they are just empty husks . 
  it 's the name of the austrian aldi stores . 
  we are a big enough country that we would run out of pronounceable names if everyone was forced to have a unique last name . 
  aldi/hofer does have a bakery in austria . 
  since the brexit is irrational i think that 's only fair . 
  not getting special treatment does not equal being abused . 
  wto rules are not a punishment . 
  it 's the international standard . 
  everything else is a privilege and comes with some associated costs . 
  no but it should have had a plan . 
  white trash just means lower class people . 
  proles . 
  bust since a class divide runs against the american anti socialist propaganda they opted to call them white trash and since american english is the dominant form of english worldwide people use that . 
  nobody forced cameron to hold a referendum . 
  how about you did that before the refrendum ? 
  yeah except if you went through that shit a thousand times already . 
  meh , most likely just organised beggars that snuck on board for the fitht time this week to beg . 
  the author is just ignorant of the situation is projecting his own ignorant stereotypes of austrians onto what he sees . 
  i have little sympathy with people who keep their kids out of school and force them to beg with them on the streets . 
  because what the really wanted to put into quotation marks was `` human rights '' but even they realized that that 's a bad optic . 
  that 's a `` let them eat cake '' level comment . 
  the words are synonyms . 
  but it has multiple centers and not none at all . 
   i do n't see your point at all . . why are we comparing london ( population 8.4 m ) and liverpool ( population 400k ) ? 
  because that state of affairs is direct result of the policies acting on those cities over centuries . 
  that 's simply what happen if you force london centric policies for hundreds of years . 
  the differnces in size are exactly the point . 
  for the rest of your arguments simply look at the us and similar constructs and how they handle their affairs . 
  we are talking about tendencies . 
  just look at the real world and how stuff is distributed in different countries . 
  look at munich and berlin and look at nice and paris . 
  look at hamburg and bonn and then look at london and liverpool . 
  that 's a silly argument because nothing does . 
  structure direct influences policy . 
   in short , its a nice map exercise , but in practice it falls down economically , socially , politically and practically , and would be missing any kind of popular mandate , whilst failing to address the issues its supposedly going to solve it 's not an experiment . 
  that 's how stuff had been organized for millennia . 
  i ca n't even fathom how you would come to your conclusion . 
  some sort of regional government has existed since roman times and for good reasons that exceed communication problems . 
  different biomes and different resources favor different industries and need different policies . 
  a building code for tyrol probably has good reasons to be different from one in sicily . 
  i do n't know about england but in german countries there has always been a very strong regional element with stuff like the hre or the german reich only providing a , often rather weak sometimes stronger , envelope . 
  it 's the current centralized model of some states that bleeds some regions dry . 
  dissolve the nation states , create 5 ~ 10 million people regions along national , ethnic and historic lines and move some competences of the nation states to the eu and some to the regions . 
  that 's the only way for europe to stay relevant in the future and to release some tensions within europe . 
  the regions in europe are pretty homogenous unlike `` nation '' states . 
  there are some regions like south tyrol and northern ireland that suffer from the relics of past fascist governments that attempted to colonize them by relocating people from different parts of the country but those are few . 
  the only regions that would suffer from changes like that are the capital regions of hyper centralized states like the uk , france and spain . 
  but germany is a good example that a pluricentric state can also work . 
  you have to free your mind from the notion that nation states are something different than the eu . 
  that 's only in your head . 
  the fact that there 's 10 times as many people in the eu does n't change a thing . 
  there 's 10 times as many people in germany than there are in austria and the only difference is that one is relevant and the other not . 
  the differences between carinthia and vienna are just as big as between bavaria and brandenburg . 
  you have to realize that that diversity only exists in your mind most often . 
  the difference between a german and a brit is superficial at best . 
  a thin veneer over mostly common interests . 
  you also ignore that while , i personally think , that scaling effects hardly matter inwards as disenfranchising 48 % of all people is the same no matter if your base 60 or 600 million , those scaling effects matter far more on the outside . 
  a federal eu can simply get more stuff done than a federal germany or an uk . 
  so in my mind i get outvoted probably just as much no matter the scope and scale of the government currently responsible but the bigger the top level the more it can do for me . 
  europe 's nation states on their own are neither here nor there . 
  the uk is too big to be able to be concerned with regional affairs , those are still best left to the municipalities or provincial governments , and it 's too small to trade blows with china or the us . 
  in short the nation states of europe are useless constructs , remnants of a past that was slower and less immediate and where scale had a limit .
