  away i 'm convinced gmos as they are done now are a net negative . 
  yeah the uk is only a proxy for us interests and a willing partner when it comes to spying on eu countries . 
  stop cherry picking . 
  not all biotechnology is bad but by far the most widespread applications are just making them pest - or herbicide resistant so you can dump enormous quantities of glyophosphates on the fields . 
  and that 's bad for so many reasons . 
  but people like you with a simplistic understanding of gmos will only focus on the simplistic counterarguments . 
  yeah people from alabama ca n't migrate to california . 
  also the federal courts are completely irrelevant . 
  it 's not like you did n't try . 
  depends on what outcome you want . 
  if it is a violation of his human rights and the european convention of human rights it could make sense to fight it through . 
  if it is n't well he should have to live with the consequences . 
  anyway i find it better to let the judges decide and not politicians . 
  or merkel could just do what 's appropriate and let 's the courts decide . 
  that 's what 's going to happen . 
  that 's a hallmark of a democracy . 
  an independent judicial system . 
  wrong comment homeboy . 
  after 500 years of turkish occupation ? 
  sure but he was already past his peak then . 
  because that 's missing the point . 
  more like 30-40 years ago . 
  you 're starting to become human . 
  he was more of a politician than a boss . 
  you do n't break something like that on your own . 
  do n't be stupid . 
  the price you pay for communism . 
  but you and the czechs are catching up fast at least . 
  give it another 20 years and you 're equal . 
  and that is because foreign companies invest in your countries . 
  do you think austrians and germans are happy to have price dumping neighbours ? 
  to dude maybe it 's time you take a look at your economical development in the last 20 years . 
  the notion that you do n't make a profit from that is ridiculous . 
  that 's a ridiculous conclusion . 
  germany has to compete with china and the us and other countries worldwide . 
  those are driving everything down . 
  do you think german jobs are going to spain if germany gets less competitive ? 
  they go directly to china . 
  me why not ? 
  he still properly is one of the guys that knows this organization the best . 
  poland also housed cia torture camps . 
  if i watch tv it 's usually arte or 3sat the d/a/ch channel . 
  if you eat in a canteen i see no problem with that . 
  and spain was ruled by the habsburg . 
  that 's why i said they experience freedom . 
  i feel they are somewhat repressed . 
  yeah no problem with brits in austria . 
  the common lower class brit does n't seem to be a fan of skiing or hiking . 
  then why ca n't you handle your liquor ? 
  probably russians and swedes . 
  russians are just uncultured and swedes always over compensate when they experience freedom for the first time and drink and drink and drink ... but there really are n't that many stereotypes about tourists going around . 
  well i 'm glad to hear that . 
  yeah in austria 99 % of all workers are covered by a collective bargaining deal between the workers chamber , industry representatives and unions . 
  those panels set industry minimums and regulations for those industries that regulate basically everything relevant for that industry . 
  some fields have extremely low minimum wages like gastronomy or agriculture others have way higher ones . 
  as long as the russians are still a threat any buffer between them and the greatest country on earth ^ tm is welcome . 
  they will also know if you went to one of the many brothels or to the wrong church or park in front of your old lovers home . 
  both austria and germany have legalized and regulated prostitution ... 
  the us does n't have allies it has minions . 
  stop being useful and you get axed . 
  as a sovereign nation you might be easier able to change course but you will still lack the engine power to make it out of the way of a storm . 
  and the syrians would have been right until the us completely destabilised the iraq and fired 300k iraqi soldiers at once . 
  i just thank the russian nukes that guaranteed peace in europe . 
  the us has a very clear track record when it comes to countries and people that are not in their national interest . 
  their only reason to invest in europe was the fear to be overshadowed by a europe unified under a red flag . 
  how would we get all those refugees otherwise ? 
  it 's from 1904 http://www.simplicissimus.info/uploads/tx_lombkswjournaldb/pdf/1/09/09_06.pdf, 
   most historians disagree with you . 
  aka some british historians . 
  any security force that relies on the decision of 27 parlaments is going to fail . 
  just look at the un . 
  yeah but the eu is as much cause as a result of this development . 
  greece is simply uncompetitive . 
  they did n't do shit the last 3 decades and had a economy build on consumption fueled by public spending bankrolled by the rest of europe . 
  that does n't mean that the individual greek is responsible but all their work had no solid base to build on . 
  of course it prevents wars . 
  granted there are other factors but one of the strongest detergents to war is economical integration . 
  waging a war in europe today would completely bankrupt everyone involved for at least a generation . 
  that 's a completely different situation than in all the centuries before . 
  the eu is just the framework that is needed to facilitate that integration . 
  you want german sausage factories to be running on polish pork and you want bmw to use austrian steel and french windows and you want everyone in europe to go shopping at lidl or aldi . 
  that 's the stabilising factor that 's needed . 
  yeah but most people in this sub probably do n't go to eu elections . 
  i would n't say it de facto bind the next government . 
  anyway the longer you do n't enact 50 the shorter time you have until the next elections and the weaker your bargaining position gets . 
  the eu has no reason to press the matter and getting all 27 members to agree on the conditions of a uk entry to a common market is going to be a fun spectacle to watch . 
  they are going to have to grease a lot of pockets . 
  well you 've got time from the referendum until the next elections . 
  is the next government bound by the referendum ? 
  yeah but would you open a factory in a country where it 's unclear whether it would have common market access ? 
  would n't you like to know if your investment would still be worth something 5 years down the road ? 
  vienna is pretty affordable and nice on a budget . 
  a full emergency passport is 220 $ here ... a special emergency passport is cheaper but does n't offer all the things like fingerprints that you need for countries like america . 
  in europe you will find cultural lineages . 
  depending on your family you might very well have ended up typically german despite what the guys in this thread say . 
  i am very like my father and he is like his father . 
  it 's just who we emulate and learn from . 
  also the us is similar enough to germany in certain aspects like high work ethic and a certain pragmatism . 
  it took 10 minutes in austria . 
  granted it took 2 weeks to arrive from being printed but there are emergency passes you can get far quicker if you really need it now .
