  i ca n't follow the conclusions you 're jumping to . 
  you have to explain like every sentence . 
  the language is ambiguous that much is true but the conclusion you draw are advetourus . 
  he was the front runner , he won , the council acted in the spirit of article 17 and the parliament followed . 
  your argument seems to be that article 17 is not binding enough for you ? 
  you seem to completely ignore the spirit of the law . 
  now you 're arguing hypotheticals . 
  european election where on the 22-25th of may and the epp won the majority of votes . 
  juncker was nominated by that party on the 6th of march . 
  what do you mean by but ? 
  his party won the european election and he was their front runner . 
  yes this is a satirical website . 
  does she have to be there ? 
  ca n't she just send a telegram or fax ? 
  like one of those that play music when you open it . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_parliament_election,_2014#televised_debates that being said we really need the nation states to step up their game when it comes to education about europe . 
  the commision has to be approved by the elected parliament and juncker was the front runner of the [ epp ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_parliament_election,_2014#european_people.27s_party ) which won the last elections with 29 % . 
  he was proposed by the council in accordance with article 17 paragraph 7 of the treaty of lisbon . 
  taking into account the elections to the european parliament and after having held the appropriate consultations , the european council , acting by a qualified majority , shall propose to the european parliament a candidate for president of the commission . 
  this candidate shall be elected by the european parliament by a majority of its component members . 
  if he does not obtain the required majority , the european council , acting by a qualified majority , shall within one month propose a new candidate who shall be elected by the european parliament following the same procedure . 
  ] ( http://www.lisbon-treaty.org/wcm/the-lisbon-treaty/treaty-on-european-union-and-comments/title-3-provisions-on-the-institutions/86-article-17.html ) that 's about as democratic as it gets in a representative democracy . 
  not saying that the system is perfect but juncker has a pretty solid democratic backing . 
   your choice of language i have to say sounds pretty fucking racist . 
  yeah because shitposting to annoy a troll is to be taken seriously . 
   you 've designated him a `` fuck '' , because he is `` anglo '' . 
  i thought you read my posts . 
  the democratic will of the greek people was ignored by their own government . 
  you can vote for everything you want but then you also have to bear the consequences and the greek government was unwilling to do so . 
  well the organization in charge is the italian state . 
  thats not an argument against a federal government . 
  bavaria specifically frankonia , hungary ( an aristocratic great grandmother on my mother 's side ) , possibly italy , styria , upper austria , salzburg . 
  at least in the last 250 years . 
  a two speed europe would work as well as a two speed car . 
  because that 's not something you can put in numbers and quantify . 
  at least i ca n't . 
  do you have the feeling that the uk was pushing for a federal europe or not ? 
  a big and influential member not participating does slow things down . 
  the uk was by far the most important economy not participating in the euro , which has 19 members btw . 
   so now , were we austrians ? 
  no we are all central europeans . 
  trying to create some mythical race relations in central europe is bound to fail . 
  idk about you but i have ancestors all over the monarchy and the further you go back the wider the circle gets . 
  people moved around all the time after the dark ages especially from city to city . 
  by being a member and not participating in the already existing programs . 
  what do you mean by specifics ? 
  i doubt that you are able to differentiate between austrians and czech by blood . 
  well the eu can move forward but i doubt it will go all the way . 
  even if the path is paved you have to be willing to walk it . 
  the whole thing is a process and the eu was one of the stronger eurosceptic voices in the union . 
  the fact that they had various opt outs was reason enough . 
  nothing . 
  just as always . 
  in reality a federal europe will never happen because nationalism is still too strong in europe . 
  the next big crisis will either break europe or federalization will come through the back door . 
  the eurozone has to implement more federal structures sooner or later otherwise the union will drift apart . 
  what if italy defaults and not greece ? 
  the eu in its current form wo n't survive that . 
  it 's at that point where the future of europe will be decided . 
  we either unite or we break apart and become irrelevant . 
  well of course it is n't helpful . 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  kaliningrad will never be k\u00f6nigsberg again unless you are a fan of ethnic cleansing . 
  well you guys do enjoy war a lot more . 
  i mean we all do remember the reason for freedom fries . 
   our well then give back prague if you want to go there . 
  majority german until mass immigration happened in the 19th century . 
  you will get there soon enough too . 
  but just as the brexit vote has shown british mentality lags behind reality by at least 70 years . 
  you stole them from the french . 
  and at least i 'm bad at two languages and not just bad at one language like you . 
  oh surely if you are n't guided by rationality that might seem like a good idea . 
  if you just have an ounce of vision you will see that many of europe 's very real problems stem from the fact that we are only economically interconnected but not politically . 
  i have yet to see a good argument against federalization that does n't boil down to xenophobia . 
  but i 'm open for your opinion if you manage to articulate it properly . 
  what arguments are there against a federal europe if you exclude nationalistic angst ? 
  that 's a mighty big word for you . 
  how do guys like you learn words like these since reading obviously is n't your strong suit ? 
  the danes and swedes can leave if they want . 
  do n't care about the finns either . 
  the netherlands leaving would just be stupid . 
  see i told you your reply would n't be worth it . 
  i am not a banker so it definitely was n't my own insult . 
  you call me fuck head for no reason . 
  since you used `` triggered '' i already know that any answer of yours would be of dubious value at best so please save us both the time and do n't bother to reply . 
  just go and set fire to some polish store or whatever you guys do for fun on sundays . 
  well they certainly were n't in favor of it . 
  just in february cameron negotiated an opt out of the ever closer union language in the eu treaties for the uk . 
  oh please that is n't even racist . 
  he 's a fuck head because he 's a banker . 
  him being some anglophone dude is only relevant in the context that the bank was attacked for being german when it is a very multinational construct . 
  at least they were accused of hypocrisy by contrasting their position with that of the german government . 
  you can stop wallowing in self pity now . 
  i voted for junker so i have no idea what the guy is talking about . 
  and thankfully a brexit paves the way for more integrated federal europe . 
  a european government that is accountable to all europeans can make a better job of governing europe than national governments that are only accountable to their own electorate and only have power there . 
  a europe where decisions in berlin or rome have consequences everywhere but are only done with the interest of a subset of all people in mind can not work . 
  he corrctly identifies thst but misattributes that to be a problem of the eu when it is a problem of the european nations . 
  deutsche bank is a publicly traded private entity with some anglo fuck head as ceo . 
  they hold no moral stance whatsoever and have nothing todo with the german republic .
