  when wars and alliances became truly global and when trade between continents reached completely different levels . 
  spain was the supreme global power for just as long and it never reached that status because that happend in the age of sailing . 
  your culture is so sucessful because you were the only country that had n't been bombed to shit when movies really took off . 
  if there is another war and the only country that escapes the madness is china eveyone is going to speak chinese . 
  if another culture gets to dominate for 50 years because the leading world powers eviscerate each other while you happen to be an ocean away then that culture is going to be dominant until there is another reset . 
  just look at the language of science during the heyday of the british empire . 
  a whole lot of german and french . 
  only since the end of ww2 has it been completely lopsided . 
  because the only ones left with money was the us . 
  even at their peak the uk did n't have the same rank the us achieved in the postwar period because it was far more evenly matched with continental europe . 
  you can add as many 3rd world countries to the list as you want it does n't change a thing . 
  spanish is just as widespread and does n't have the same impact in europe because the us is n't on the list of countries that speak it . 
  but it 's an easier sell that way . 
  any corporation with presence in central europe is going to keep the same office hours anyway . 
  nobody gives a shit if nigeria speaks english . 
  america dominates culturally and that 's what counts . 
  just like french before english and italian before french it 's the language of culture . 
  if americans spoke spanish we would be having this discussion in spanish . 
  i am all for the eu getting control over all borders . 
  the empire has nothing to do with europeans learning english . 
  that 's solely america . 
  in india or pakistan that 's maybe different but who cares about that . 
  that 's way beyond the competence of the eu right now . 
  they ca n't do it and are n't allowed to do it . 
  there 's no eu police that 's guarding the border . 
  there 's no eu army to support them . 
  those are national competences . 
  there 's frontex and limited projects like mare nostrum but there 's no overarching strategy possible because in the end it is the job of the nation states to secure their borders and the nation states want it that way . 
  and you only have to pay with your firstborn not to mention that most isps are introducing download limits or already have hem . 
  yeah . 
  it 's called yodelling . 
  one has nothing to do with the other . 
  disdributing then makes it just much more bearable . 
  insanity is returning to a monetary policy that caused the problems in the first place . 
  just because you are ignorant about it does n't mean it does n't exist . 
  your knowledge of that matter is irrelevant . 
  but here is the percentage of gdp that the industry is responsible for http://wko.at/statistik/eu/europa-wertschoepfung.pdf, 
  because chinas export exploded in that time period . 
  they out-italied you by a massive scale . 
  you ca n't reduce everything to one common cause when the whole world has shifted in that period . 
  i do n't think any country is as mountainous as austria . 
  enjoy those italian smartphones and televisions . 
  we are way beyond the point where you can produce everything domestically . 
  what happens to your savings if you devalue the currency ? 
  of course you had a great home ownership rate because all other savings simply eroded before your eyes . 
  also just look what germany or austria achieved with a completely different monetary policy . 
  try understanding one austrian from 50 kilometers away ... 
  and with more power in brussels refugees could be better distributed . 
  right now brussels ca n't do shit about that . 
  but italy is one of the best examples that that does n't work that way . 
  you kept devaluing for decades and the end result is an economy that only works as long as you keep devaluing . 
  they absolutely should do that . 
  dissolve the nation states and move their competences to the regions and parts of them to the eu . 
  a central government for a country that 's as divided as italy is lunacy . 
  the overarching stuff should be even more overarching and the regional stuff should be even more regional . 
  by devaluing their currency italy was kicking the can down the road for decades . 
  yeah your products are cheaper on the international markets but that only allows you to stay inefficient for longer . 
  yeah they are in vastly different fields . 
  well yeah everybody speaks english thanks to the american hegemony but brits do n't speak any second language for the most part . 
  nope vw was higher for the last few years although i suspect that the exchange rate euros to dollars has the biggest impact on the exact rankings . 
  they are both at around 10 billion every year . 
  for austria it 's worth noting that those are plans that include a voice line . 
  pure data plans are considerably cheaper . 
  i have a data sim with 30 mbit unlimited for 24 $ 150 mbit can be had for 45 $ . 
  yeah but north america is a statistical outlier and should n't count just like australia . 
  wikipedia says it 's 8,2 million https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/milan_metropolitan_area, 
  i guess by city of milan you mean the greater metro area ? 
  because that has almost more people than all of austrians so the similarly in gdp is n't that surprising then . 
  but yeah northern italy is basically on the same level western germany and austria are it 's the south that 's dragging you down . 
  yeah as i said you should have participated in the transitionary period . 
  austria is even worse . 
  and now they are crying about eastern european immigrants . 
  figures . 
  a transition period was necessary because of the enormous economical differnces . 
  the transition period was a temporary exception that was negotiated with the eastern eu candidates during the eu eastern expansion of which the uk was one of the biggest proponents . 
  the uk then deliberately left their job markets open to poland and the other countries . 
  because they have been working there for a century ? 
  idk what 's hard about that to understand . 
  what does science have to do with politics ? 
  baby jesus does . 
  is that a remnant of austrian influence ? 
   turkey also axed an archeological dig the austrians were working on since 50 years . 
  ephesos has had a strong austrian presence since 1895 . 
  no cheating was declaring that the iraq has wmd 's . 
  recent british conduct . 
  you could have had a transition period . 
  blame your government not the eu . 
  yeah i do n't see that happening in the current climate . 
  but outside the eu there is no free service market at all . 
  the problem is that globalisation does n't just stop just because you decide to not participate it just makes you less competitive . 
  a single nation stands no chance to combat the inequality caused by it because the capital will simply leave as it is way more mobile than people . 
  it 's just the usual reddit nuclear-power-is-the-best-thing-ever circlejerk that ignores everything but the most surface level problems . 
  it took them 1 million hours just for the assembly . 
  here 's a super intersting interview in german https://resonator-podcast.de/2014/res032-der-wendelstein-7-x/, 
  well agree to disagree then . 
  yeah right . 
  just like the chauffeur of merkel is clearly more important than her . 
   the way it 's presented on the cover of the sun , one might think the black guy is in custody . 
  yeah ... right ... 
  he 's performing low level tasks for a bunch of privileged former colonial exploiters that wo n't even touch the filthy boat themselves .
