  merkel has one job and that is to look after the interests of germany . 
  if people want a better europe they should n't block a better europe at every step of the way . 
  the problem is that germany has to make european policy because no one else is able to . 
  at the same time they lack the proper tools to make policy . 
  if merkel had to answer to an european electorate and if there tools to enforce fiscal policy in member countries then you could call if her fault . 
  people sometimes expect the eu to work like the us without realizing that it is nothing like it and that most of the power still lies with the member states . 
  in that situation you simply ca n't throw german tax money at greek problems without being able to hold the greeks accountable for that money . 
  also blaming her for the refugee crisis caused by an us-anglo war is more than just a bit hypocritical . 
  he has no power base left . 
  he ca n't do anything but waste everyones time . 
  - no schengen - no euro - [ uk rebate on their membership fees ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uk_rebate ) - constant blocking of effective oversight of banks - opt out for criminal and justice legislation - [ opt out on the charter of the fundamental rights of european citizens ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opt-outs_in_the_european_union#charter_of_fundamental_rights_of_the_european_union_.e2.80.93_poland_and_the_united_kingdom ) - opt out from `` an ever closer union '' in case the referendum would n't have ended in a brexit . 
  i dont know what your ptoblem is . 
  this is a perfect way to create a good climate for negotiations . 
  they would be retarded if they talked without a deadline . 
  add vienna to cisalpina and it would be pretty rad . 
  just use nuts 1 or 2 regions . 
  do n't worry our country will overcome it sooner or later too . 
   if anything they are the most extreme within europe . 
  sorry but that 's not true . 
  that 's typical austrian left wing bullshit . 
  yeah but from an austrian perspective we do n't have a government that speaks for all germans . 
  there are germans in austria , germany , switzerland , belgium , the netherlands , italy , liechtenstein and luxembourg . 
  i always would want a strong regional parliament but that can be more localized on a provincial level while the federal state of austria might as well cease to exist . 
  it has served its purpose . 
  i do n't want to be ruled by linz , vienna and brussels . 
  linz and brussels would suffice . 
  the color of the sky in german is `` himmelblau '' . 
  you will hear that other things are `` himmelblau '' . 
  talking about the sky and saying that it 's skyblue would only be redundant so we do n't do it . 
  yeah but you wrote  some random guy in the netherlands ? 
  which at least to me implies more than him just passing through an plastering posters on the walls . 
  you mean siebenb\u00fcrgen ? 
  you do n't know who is responsible for that poster . 
  for all we know it could be so.e romanian right wing party that wants to evoke anti eu sentiments , the kremlin , ukip for whatever reason , dutch right wing etc etc. 
  op says it was hungarians so no idea what 's the story behind that . 
  op says it 's the work of a hungarian . 
  most likely some nationalist bullshit . 
  i do n't think so . 
  people think romanians are criminals here in austria but that 's it . 
  no idea what you think you can learn from history in that context . 
  and a little picture of the prime minister/chancellor/president where you can draw small hitler beards on them and horns and smell lines . 
  so you are also for a more federal eu and a massive xtension of its current scope and power ? 
  the fpo is not comparable the other parties you 've mentioned . 
  they are way too big to be that radical . 
  leaving the eu would completely destroy austria . 
  you guys jeep talking about reform but what do you mean by that ? 
  customs unions would mean no access to the service market and not trade deals of their own . 
  both are kinda no go options . 
  it 's just another example of english being irrational as you guys are affected by effects . 
  yeah just a third option that states '' i 'm disappointed with the general state of things '' . 
  but a eea membership of the uk accomplishes absolutely no goal of the brexit campaign . 
  you will still have immigration , you wo n't get to make your own trade deals , you will have to pay roughly the same amount of money into it if not more and you have no voice in the eu anymore . 
  austria will never leave . 
  if you stay a member of the internal market you wo n't be able to make your own trade deals . 
  the internal market is represented as a whole by the eu . 
  yeah but on the other hand you will pay just as much as you always fid because there wo n't be a rebate this time around for your contributions to the cohesion fund . 
  and that 's the best case scenario . 
  [ classical britain . 
  ] ( http://www.okmoviequotes.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/8-monty-python-and-the-holy-grail-quotes.jpg ), 
  yeah the referendum started as political posturing and ended as political posturing . 
  outside some diehard ukip morons nobody is stupid enough to really belive in it . 
  edit you seem to have trouble with following what i 'm saying so i 'm just going to stop talking to you . 
  the only thing the whole brexit camp has said was to stay calm and to take it slow now . 
  why do n't they push for a faster exit ? 
  why do they accept camerons gift of 3 months to prepare without moaning ? 
  your narrative does n't make sense . 
  the whole referendum was meant as political posturing . 
  they simply overestimated the british electorate . 
  you do n't need executive power to at least have some plan . 
  you do n't need a state to speak your language . 
  regional parliaments are enough to set the curriculum of your schools . 
  just look at german in europe . 
  we do n't have a nation state and we do just fine . 
  we are split over 3-4 states . 
  yeah but outside some semi mythical sob stories that every fucking nation on earth uses to make itself unique what is there to care about it ? 
  it 's just exploiting feelings for the personal gain of the people in power . 
  dieing for your nation is just as stupid as dieing for your god . 
  why place any value on a fairy tale somebody told you in school ? 
  why be proud of things people did that have long turned to dust since ? 
  i 'm more proud of my eastern european neighbors today then i am of some mythical ancestors because they are real and the past is only some intangible construct in my head . 
  if you disagree you do n't have to sign them . 
  yeah that 's why you get rid of the nation state . 
  you have to get rid of that working class attitude . 
  the real karma is n't made by honest work but by karma farms and on the karma stock market . 
  why work for your karma when you can buy shares in gallowboob ? 
  why think about a comment when you can make ten times the karma by shit posting formulaic crap to circlejerk subreddits like the_donald ? 
  what good is independence ? 
  it is just a concept . 
  something abstract . 
  as long as we are equals in a unified europe with strong personal and economical freedoms i could n't care less about who runs the day to day business . 
  as long as there is a strong federal aspect to the whole system with regional parliaments . 
  why not ? 
  i just want my regional parliament in upper austria and the eu . 
  get rid of fucking vienna and the useless national state . 
  why care about the nation state ? 
  the 150 years of nationalism were the bloodiest in history . 
  if there are new eu treaties you can either join them or not . 
  yeah and we did n't have to pay them so i 'm fine with that . 
  well then it would have had some planing at least . 
  the problem is that there is no script at all .
