  that 's not some long shot but that 's going to happen within the next 20 years on an ever expanding scale . 
  rather an end with terror than a terror without end . 
  all in all i think trump would be the healthier option for the us in the long run . 
  he basically an american berlusconi and in a few years that option could be gone and there could be an american mussolini . 
  that 's pretty clearly an imitation of werner herzog . 
  smart . 
  yeah but that 's just the typical circlejerk . 
  but cutting fuel tax is n't discriminatory so the csu does n't like it . 
  no not like that . 
  a maut that discriminates against non germans . 
  see there 's a difference . 
  gypsies . 
  they are talking about gypsies . 
   remeber how big of a scandal blackwater was ? 
  actually i do n't . 
  there will be less and less employment during our lifetime . 
  that 's almost guaranteed . 
  yeah but that 's just the way it is . 
  you ca n't undo the effects of 70 years communism in 20 years . 
  industrial clusters do n't move that easily . 
  they have to grow organically . 
  and all of that to make exploding cellphones . 
  and the british did n't place restrictions on their labour market and look what that got us . 
  jeb bush was very much a center candidate as was mitt romney . 
  the center very much still exists in the gop but since clinton in the 90s the whole us political spectrum has shifted to the right . 
  the problem with the us two party system is that there is no typical republican or a typical democrat . 
  the gop has everyone from the extreme right over religious nutjobs to very moderate mainly economical liberals . 
  stuff that would go to a bunch of parties in a more pluralistic system . 
  same on the democratic side . 
  a bernie sanders would have never tried to run for a party that sits on the place of the political spectrum the democratic party does in a system where there are more than two viable choices . 
  but in the us it 's either red or blue or bust . 
  if the internal party climate was the same as it is in the republicans right now most european parties would experience a schism of some sort of another . 
  the democratic move to the right under bill clinton has thrown the balance of politics off in the us . 
  trump is not a candidate of party that has got it 's shit together . 
  i suspect you know very little about austrian politics . 
  compared to most israeli politicians hofer is basically marx . 
  that 's not a vague threat . 
  the discussion in the media had him framed as a danger for the eu membership of austria . 
  so he has to address it . 
  the fp\u00d6 never was a pure right wing party . 
  that 's their power and their weakness . 
  they are like the us republicans in a way and cover the spectrum from the extreme right to the neoliberal just a little right of the center guys . 
  and just like the republicans that extreme spread causes huge centrifugal stress but as we are not a 2 party system those stresses lead to the creation of new parties that split from it with some regularity . 
  makes sense if you are german . 
  - xit is going to stay with us like - gate . 
  better get used to it . 
  dubbing is the best choice once you have a big enough market that you can recoup the costs of a quality dubbing with multiple actors . 
  the only reason i will watch something in english is because it 's easier to pirate most of the time and you can watch it closer to release . 
  which is basically all the time . 
  i never got the hate for dubbing and especially the german ones are done exceedingly well . 
  it 's dangerous because people can and will find echo chambers that mirror their views . 
  subreddits tend to get more extreme over the time . 
  the bigger the worse . 
  the way up and downvoting works leads to creations of communities that push one narrative . 
  try having a somewhat sensible discussion in / r/atheism . 
  it 's impossible . 
  if you stick to those subreddits you will get a filtered view of the world and all the commenters will agree with what you think because you will mostly subscribe to communities that mirror your views . 
  you always have to realize that just because a comment is heavily upvoted does not mean it 's right and i think a lot of people fail at that . 
  reddit is the best example . 
  it 's designed around echo chambers and extremely dangerous . 
  you are just way too apologetic for propaganda . 
  the headlines are an outright myth though . 
  but there had to be a push to unify it from somewhere . 
  as you said the uk was n't it using for nearly 15 years . 
  why the sudden change ? 
  why no protest from the uk ? 
  despite popular belief the eu is not an omnipotent dictatorship and especially in cases like that that only involve one country really it does n't make sense that the initiative for that change did n't come from london . 
   there has not been a wholesale conversion of any imperial measurements appearing on title plans or registers created prior to 1995 either . . that has almost never been the case anywhere . 
  usually you just have to remeasure it when you sell it or you want to split it up . 
  also that was n't my question . 
  my question was if you have a source that that whole thing did n't come from the uk . 
   they did n't though , the land registry simply did n't use it any more . 
  got a source on that ? 
   do you feel that the papers should n't report it because its the right move ? 
  it 's a nonstory . 
  if people cared about the acre they would have cared when the uk government stopped using it . 
  it 's typical `` us vs them '' propaganda piece . 
  it has no other value beyond that . 
  because there has to be some kind of regulation about what kinds of measurement to use . 
  there has to be some kind of legal document that says you are to use the meter and here is how a meter is defined . 
  legislation like that exists since antiquity . 
  and since regulation in commerce is kinda the eus thing it also makes sense that it would be regulated on the european level going forward . 
  if the uk government goes ahead and says that they are n't using the acre anymore it makes sense to remove an obsolete unit from a list of exemptions . 
  because it is meant for human consumption . 
  same reason newspapers do n't just print graphs and verbatim interviews . 
  what are you even trying to say ? 
  do you really think anyone cares about your pompous fake outrage ? 
  yeah but the land registry already was n't using acres anymore . 
  so it was the uk who decided to stop using the acre the eu just followed foot . 
  or how would you interpret ` to reflect current uk practice ' . 
  the story may be true in some points but it was not a decision made by the eu and at the point it was changed in brussels it was already done that way for some time in the uk . 
  basically a non story but you would n't be a proud member of the british press if you did n't take any opportunity to shit on the eu . 
  so the money is a bonus or does the medical care not suffice ? 
  and i was talking about austria and the case at hand . 
  which is why 4700 $ is appropriate . 
  the goal of the system is to help the victim and to hold the offender accountable . 
  you do that via money and we do it via medical and psychological help . 
  yeah and those damages are 4,700 $ . 
  and no we do n't use precedent . 
  what precedent damages ?
