  low corporate tax rates are already standard pretty much everywhere . 
  but countries like slovakia have much less people to support with their tax revenue and offer cheaper wages and are in the eu . 
  tax heaven status works for micro nations but not for the big economies . 
  it will always go to wto rules first . 
  any followup trade agreement will have to be negotiated after the fact and nit during the severance talks . 
  the eu just does n't talk outside of article 50 . 
  nobody knew the uk would drag it 's feet the way they did . 
  german is too complicated . 
  english has very little grammar and like 50 % french and 50 % german vocabulary . 
  it 's the ideal lingua franca in europe for that reason . 
  there 's lithuania in 2007 and germany in 2016 ... 
  guess which one has an easier time growing . 
  yeah before it became a 1st world country . 
  it would be tolerance if they accepted it when everybody does it . 
  if they only accept when some places do it it 's selective law enforcement . 
  if you got a whole system set up with licenses and regulations it is legal and regulated no matter what you call it or the nominal status of the bar owners . 
  because if a car is suddenly 15 % more expensive for the consumer it 's not that competitive anymore . 
  and new zealand 's economy tanked when the uk entered the eu and their biggest market was n't as available to them as it used to be . 
  it took decades and a rising china to pull them back . 
  what 's going to be your china ? 
  no problem . 
  you 're gon na need as much luck as you can get your hands on anyway . 
  yeah good luck with that . 
  no , inside the eu you are competing under protection . 
  only that you suddenly do n't compete with other eu countries but with china or kenya . 
  have fun deregulating to their level . 
  well expect another dive once brexit is actually triggered . 
  then another everytime something from the negotiations goes public . 
  it 's idiotic to expect no consequences from artificially burdening your economy with competitive disadvantages . 
  no matter what you vote for you get the tories . 
  completely silly though . 
  19th century industrialization happened where the resources were . 
  austrian industrialization happened in silesia and northern bohemia for the same reason . 
  bayern is no ruhrpott where they have coal coming out of every orifice . 
  i mean what else would you call someone who sells themselves ? 
  only that the german constitution forbids changes that could end the german constitution . 
  in the end the point is moot . 
  if there is consensus to abolish the constitution it will be changed anyway . 
  it just puts additional hurdles in place to prevent a legal coup which is way easier to achieve . 
  if you want to make radical changes to the german constitution you 'd have to adopt a completely new one . 
  but that sounds like a fever dream . 
  and bohemia !, 
  original name does n't matter as we certainly would n't go back to being ruled by a duke so we would n't be able to establish the full name of duchy of bavaria . 
  besides that if we were to restore the whole thing including the full duchy of carinthia and the march of verona it would be a pretty rich country although we should probably annex venice for aesthetic reasons . 
  also lombardy and bohemia while we 're at it . 
  maybe moravia and silesia . 
  and dalmatia . 
  basically the austrian part of kakanien plus bavaria . 
  becasue the constitution does n't allow for that . 
  a constitution does n't have to have a mechanism for its own abolishment in the whole or in parts of the country . 
  you already ethnically cleansed the sudetenland . 
  something like 98 % of german war repetitions were paid by eastern germany . 
  the pound dropped and nothing else has happened yet . 
  what do else do you expect to happen ? 
  i would n't even fault them for taking that angle if they had sourced it better . 
  but this is just shoddy workmanship . 
  according to a guy from a health workers union . 
  the article then goes on to a completely unrelated study from 2011 about hospital infections , pulls a 9.9 % of gdp public healthcare expenditure that i can find no source for out of its ass ( 9.9 % is close to the total health expenditure public and private ) and then goes on to lament about the low amount of nurses per patients without mentioning that [ the ratio per population has actually gone up from 2000 . 
  ] ( http://image.slidesharecdn.com/oecd-health-workforce-policies-2016-chartset-160315082518/95/health-workforce-policies-in-oecd-countries-right-jobs-right-skills-right-places-chart-set-8-638.jpg?cb=1465216772 ) i 'm not saying that there are n't problems because frankly i do n't know but the article is clutching at straws to blame austerity . 
  it 's pretty fucking close to fake news . 
  because you 're all fallen austrians . 
  just build your nuclear reactors at the polish border and were good . 
  slovenia , czechia , croatia , slovakia/poland followed by the rest . 
  that 's a highly sientific , nonbiased and of course objective ranking . 
  italy rejected a change of their constitutional makeup . 
  just because it is a reform does not mean they rejected all reforms . 
  oh it depends . 
  a military dictatorship is basically the only way you can fight such wars at all . 
  you have to have total control over society and the economy . 
  hitler probably fucked up as much as evey dictator would have . 
  a lot of the criticism is just applying hindsight . 
  it 's just anglos looking for a reason why germany lost wwii . 
  there 's all these myth about what went wrong when the explanation is pretty simple . 
  you ca n't win when the enemy out numbers you at least 4 to 1 on all fronts . 
  not in a modern war against somewhat equal opponents . 
  all that hitler did ruin it bullshit is just stupid . 
  how is that a clusterfuck ? 
  it 's just what happens if you control millions of people on different fronts . 
  you got a commander in chief , a high command , a regional command and the unit commands . 
  army , corps , division , brigade , regiment , battalion , company , platoon , fire team . 
  that 's completely normal . 
  there were some clusterfucky elements like the ss troops that kinda were their own entity but the rest is just army organisation . 
  try reading the article even if it 's a lot of words . 
  yeah but who prefers a warmonger ? 
  trump was always my preferred candidate as a european . 
  a us that 's a bit less interventionist is a good thing . 
  whitout the us/uk fuck up in iraq and syria we would n't have the refugee crisis . 
  putin has a very old fashioned imperial way imperial way of thinking . 
  or it could suggest bigger problems in the uk . 
  given the state of libel laws in the uk i would n't get my hopes up too high . 
  it 's just ridiculous that you would pretend that that one deportation is the only reason for withdrawing from the council of europe . 
  and just fyi torture is pretty widespread in jordan . 
   trial elsewhere let me guess , guantanamo ? 
  europe is going to be surrounded by authoritarian regimes on all sides . 
  the uk , russia and turkey . 
  fun times ahead . 
   why go through facebook ? 
  because facebook is the one making money from pushing the stuff that generates the most views and clicks . 
  the are the one making the profit . 
  that 's the place that has to accept responsibility .
