  the article states :  the zimbabwe professional hunters and guides association admitted that its members were involved and that the case was being investigated . 
  it claims it was a private safari and therefore not illegal , but the government insists that the lion lived on the reserve and came under its protection . 
  he went down there and paid a fee to hunt a lion . 
  now the government says it was illegal after it turns out to be a famous lion . 
  if anything this is a tale of shitty african governments that ca n't control their own agencies or fail to provide clear guidelines or oversight . 
  well but the whole idea of elements composed of atoms is a european idea . 
  and , thanks to you , one butthurt greek . 
  the bible mentions the care of lepers so people saw it as their duty . 
  it 's also not very infectious in a somewhat hygienic environment . 
  leprosy was n't all that common in central europe and it 's not very infectious . 
  it was more common in the mediterranean area and in scandinavia according to older books . 
  mainly because of worse hygienic conditions due to higher population densities or worse nutrition in scandinavia . 
  most infections from leprosy in austria were during the times of the crusades . 
  compared to russia you are n't doing too bad and that without oil . 
  most countries that were part of austria-hungary or germany are n't doing too bad considering the 45 years they spend under the soviets . 
  and that 's good for all of europe . 
  actually in our system money tends to accumulate . 
  but then those us companies ca n't compete . 
  start ups like uber and airbnb only exist because their business model is to circumvent government regulation and siphon off the profits to wallstreet . 
  once they are reigned in by regulation like everyone else is they die . 
  just look at uber in germany . 
  to be compliant with the law they have to own the cars , pay increased insurance and the drivers have to be employed and insured etc. 
  basically they are a regular taxi company by everything but the name and the ca n't use taxi stands or pick up people from the street without the app . 
  give it a year or two and they are dead . 
  and simply employing massive amounts of people for government jobs that are useless is n't sustainable either . 
  well most countries in the eu are making massive improvements . 
  western standard of living will follow ... eventually . 
  we are still talking about decades here . 
  the further you are away from central europe the longer it will take . 
  no it would n't be a fair comparison . 
  but it would n't be a fair comparison with greece either . 
  greece joined the eu in 1981 nearly 20 years earlier than poland or the czech republic and the had to suffer under soviet mismanagement for another 10 years . 
  the `` same scale '' is percentage of their respective 1999 gdp . 
  of course that makes sense . 
  if anything emerging countries should perform better than g7 countries . 
  poland would dwarf all the other countries here . 
  because they were the protectors of orthodoxy after the fall of constantinople . 
  if anything it was n't part of christendom any more . 
  that concept was way more far spread than that of europe . 
  nah russia is the cultural successor of byzantium in europe . 
  definitely an empire , as it was a multicultural and multiethnic federation of kingdoms under the supreme command of one emperor , and arguably roman and holy as he was the only emperor to be crowned by the pope in rome . 
  well that 's the un definition of europe . 
  the border is along the watershed of the caucasus mountains . 
  putting parts of georgia geographically into europe . 
  at that point it becomes just like speeding and a good source of revenue . 
  do you guys get in trouble for torrenting stuff ? 
  [ yeah but the usually look like this . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a5/menzura-korporacja_sarmatia_2004.jpg ), 
  meh it 's tradition . 
  it 's as stupid and insane as tattoos at worst . 
  it has got a bad rep because it is tradition and once everyone got to go to universities in the 60s-70s everything that was traditional was suspect by definition plus they were surrounded by an air of elitism because traditionally when they were founded only the elities studied at universities . 
  of course the bad rep it had caused less moderates to join fraternities and it kinda went downhill from there and you have to be pretty conservative if you join a fraternity today . 
  that being said fraternities can be fun if you happen to be in a town where the majority of the students still belong to one . 
  sadly ignorance and propaganda is slowly killing them too . 
  just look at the word `` neger '' . 
  in austria we have almost zero history with black people and yet our word for black people has been ruined by the american `` nigger '' . 
  it 's completely ridiculous . 
  it is 100 % a cultural import spread via movies mostly . 
  it has absolutely nothing to do with us unlike for example the switch from `` zigeuner '' to `` roma und sinti '', 
  the trojan horse ? 
  [ austrian navy checking in . 
  ] ( http://www.bundesheer.at/waffen/images/noe.jpg ), 
  and what about ice tea and starbucks ? 
  becasue for austria and i guess the netherlands a currency not pegged to the german currency makes little sense . 
  austria has been pegged to the deutsche mark since the end of bretton woods . 
  sure if we get some seats in the bundestag . 
  while we are at it we could change the name back to reichstag . 
  or ice tea . 
  sure as long as they ban cola , tea and coffee that seems reasonable . 
  standard procedure for leftist protests all over europe . 
  hold a g8 or any other summit and they are all over it like flies over shit . 
  i forgot that the sovereign will of nations is only a worthy argument when we are n't talking about germans . 
  but every fucking article reduces the problem to a germany vs greece problem . 
  it 's simply ridiculous . 
  i never got to vote for ms. merkel so why should she speak for me ? 
  us and uk commenters obviously only take germany serious and the rest of the ez are merely children in heir eyes dependent on the whims of `` mutti '' . 
  i blame france for not letting the greek drop out of the euro . 
  germany is n't deciding this alone . 
  the problem is that internal problems make you weak externally . 
  why bother talking to someone that wo n't survive the next elections ? 
  just wait a bit . 
  yeah but that 's also not going to change . 
  not with china and the rest of the world rising . 
  because germany is n't competing with greece . 
  it 's competing with china and the us . 
  that 's never going away . 
  with more and more efficient industries those industries will be concentrated more and more . 
  asking germany to produce less is not going to work and it would n't make economical sense . 
  in the end if they are the best at producing something they will end up being the only one producing something . 
  that 's innate in our system . 
  you buy the cheaper stuff that 's better . 
  blaming germany for playing the game is stupid . 
  maybe further automatization is going to end capitalism but that wont happen for some time . 
  until then you can either play the game or lose by default . 
  how about you start producing shit that 's worth buying ? 
  and how about you back that shit up with some numbers ? 
  they are simply more efficient than other chains . 
  and i mean that not in that stupid circlejerky reddit `` hurr durr germans are efficient '' way but literally . 
  the biggest retailer in the world walmart had to give up in germany because they could n't compete there . 
  they are winning because they are better a concept that 's seemingly so foreign to some people that they have to assume foul play because that 's the way things get usually done in their personal experience .
