  change is good in politics and in the 90s the two big parties became too comfortable . 
  nevertheless they play an important role in our political system because of that . 
  you are a close minded hate filled person . 
   nigeria is in africa well duh . 
  vdb was backed by all parties at the end and the chancellor had to resign to appease the people . 
  if it was victory it was a pyrrhic victory . 
  but they do it best . 
  it 's no secret that most people are bad at math . 
  maybe you should have kept your 13 school years . 
  the important thing is that the growth is still accelerating in absolute numbers . 
  from 2 million between 1960-70 to 5 million in the last undisturbed period . 
  i did n't say that the exponent was 2 . 
  it 's jsut the closest one . 
  it sure as hell is n't linear . 
  counterargument india . 
  excellent comment . 
  please look up these terms and come back . 
  i never said what the exponent was only that it was n't linear . 
  if you keep growing by the same percentage like egypt that hover a t around 2 % growth rate every year it 's still not linear . 
  sigmoidal is just as wrong as linear . 
  it 's an exponential curve with a dent due to the war and refugees leaving the country . 
  green one . 
  next question . 
  want an excellent point you make . 
  you have convinced me of the error of my ways . 
  there was more growth from 1990 to 2000 than from 1980 to 1990 . 
  not much but still accelerating . 
  2 million growth from 1960 to 1970 . 
  linear would another 2 million every 10 years . 
  but from 1970 to 1980 we have a 3 million growth , from 1980 to 1990 4 million , than 5 million then another 5 million but that 's already in war times . 
  it 's clearly accelerating . 
  the thing is if you grow fast enough you outgrow any economic growth keeping you in eternal poverty . 
  europe would have lived in eternal misery it it did n't have an america shaped valve for its excess population . 
  we all know how that ended for the natives . 
  it took a massive government intervention in china to stop that trend there , something you will never see happen anywhere else . 
  he campaigned for it because there is little to campaign for if you are campaigning for that seat . 
  just like vdb made some antidemocratic statements that he can not possible realize . 
  any fp\u00d6 government he rejects after the next general elections will only grow their power even more and he knows that . 
  a company that has been used as a slush fund for the sp\u00d6 for decades and the very fact that they still recruit their personnel from there raises so many red flags for older people that you could mistake it for a may 1st rally . 
  well then either get your eyes checked or take some math lessons . 
  does that look linear to you ? 
  kern is only better suited because his name has not been tainted as of yet . 
  give it a year or two . 
  well only the head of the government , the minister of the interior before the first election , and several other ministers in the wake of the chancellor . 
  the whole middle east has tripled its population since 1980 . 
  even if climate does n't change that 's completely unsustainable . 
  this is the demographic development of nigeria https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_nigeria#/media/file:nigeria-demography.png and since 44 % of the population is under 14 there is no signs of slowing down . 
  the ironic thing is that the current government stepped down already to avoid him being elected . 
  how could the results sbe positive ? 
  of course not but all in all the election was a giant vote of distrust against the current regime and its policies . 
  the fp\u00d6 an always build on that and always has . 
  that 's a gigantic deal because that means that the \u00d6vp and the sp\u00d6 wo n't get over 50 % together . 
  that 's the end of the austrian political system as we know it . 
  i am not aware of a war on slovenia 's borders either . 
   it wo n't be of interest anymore in 2 years . 
  you wish . 
  the crisis is never going to leave us . 
  wars in the middle east and in africa do n't jsut happen out of the blue . 
  syria , iraq etc tripled their populations from 1980 to today . 
  the countries are getting constantly less inhabitable thanks to global warming . 
  this is only the overture of things to come . 
  the will see that it took the combined effort of all other parties in austria and resigning of the chancellor and most of his party 's cabinet members to manage a 50.3 % victory . 
  it 's a pyrrhic victory at best . 
  only 49.7 %, 
  anyone reaching austria is an economic migrant and not a war refugee as there is no war on austrias borders . 
  unless you belive that the current government can grow the economy and put an end to the refugee crisis i fail to see how the fp\u00d6 could n't have profited from any outcome . 
  they are guaranteed to grow unless something radical changes . 
  and no 50.3 % is a historically bad result and do n't forget that the current government resigned to make that happen . 
  if fayman would still be chancellor hofer might have won . 
  i would n't be surprised if the fp\u00d6 was n't the biggest party after the next general elections . 
  but not the parliament . 
  also the government already resigned because the results of the first election . 
  that is the chancellor resigned as did several ministers . 
  he ca n't do shit anyway . 
  austrias president has relatively little power . 
  the thing is the fp\u00d6 was going to profit from any outcome after yesterday . 
  they showed that they can rally 50 % of the people behind them . 
  a few thousand votes up or down do hardly change that . 
  now if the current government continues down the path it is has been going down for the last years the fp\u00d6 can point at the results and use that to grow at the next parliamentary election . 
  the tricky part is that most of the stuff like economical development or the refugee crisis is largely outside of austrias control . 
  the president is still a largely ceremonial position . 
  the left building him up in attempt to fearmonger only enables the right to say that vdb could n't change a thing despite all his powers . 
  the fp\u00d6 won 4 weeks ago . 
  the rest is just formality and the loss today only enables them to keep talking without having to show . 
  mostly historical reasons . 
  upper and lower austria are where the name austria comes from kinda like holland and the netherlands . 
  they have been administratively separated from the 13th century onwards . 
  vienna became a separate state only in the 20th century and the burgenland is the german speaking part of hungary that voted to join austria after wwi . 
  salzburg was ruled by an archbishop and only became part of austria 200 years ago . 
  styria was the first state that joined austria in the 12th century after the last heir of the reigning house died . 
  in the 13th and 14th century carinthia and tyrol came under habsburg control . 
  vorarlberg is a series of small counties that got bought or were given to the habsburgs over the course of the 13th to 16th century . 
  the reason that those boundaries still exist today is that the habsburgs never completely unified the country like french and they always had some kind of autonomy in some aspects . 
  russian ones do n't make it that far west . 
  classic common market legislation . 
  ask the tuna . 
  if somebody is referring to cheap smuggled cigarettes they are usually referring to romanian ones here ... 
  it 's amazing what a housing bubble can do to statistics . 
  yeah greece has nicer weather and better food . 
  tbh you only would have bought cigarettes and beer with it anyway .
