  i think merkel and hollande know that they ca n't give in . 
  italians and spaniards would be stupid not to do the dame if greece succeeds . 
  and yet you were unable to do something about it . 
  my guess is that greece has a few rough years ahead . 
  they simply ca n't offer better terms to greece for 2 reasons . 
  italy and spain . 
  the eurozone countries have to make clear that they do n't negotiate with `` terrorists '' . 
  there can not be a precedent where a democratic vote is used as blackmail against the lenders or italian and spanish populists are going to run away with the next elections and do the same thing and they can never receive the same treatment simply because of their size . 
  italian and spanish governments would sign their own death sentence . 
  if the greek vote has a positive outcome for greece the euro is dead and the european union is set back decades . 
  nobody wants that . 
  greece has to suffer to save the eu and the only reason for that is the greek government and their dilettantism . 
  yeah and britain desperately wants to be the 51st state of the us . 
  but you 're going to find out soon enough that european problems are your problems too . 
  instead of the totally sane choice of giving greece a pass and setting a precedent for renegotiations with italy and spain two countries so big and so in debt they simply can not be saved . 
  and what happens if italy decides to vote it 's debts away ? 
  they would be stupid not to renegotiate a better deal if greece gets a pass . 
  or spain or portugal ? 
  greece can not get special treatment because of the precedent it would set . 
  because those bigger countries simply can not be saved like the smaller greek economy could have been . 
  you 're going to really need luck the next few days and weeks and i really wish you all the best but i doubt that it will have a positive end for greece . 
  if italy and spain were n't involved there might be a chance but they are simply too big to be rescued and thus it is impossible for the eurogroup to give in . 
  it was never about you alone . 
  of course you can . 
  no new credits for them leaves greece no other choice than to leave . 
  i do n't think that merkel can find a majority for that in the bundestag . 
  it all depends on the ecb . 
  if they do n't approve new ela credits all you did today was to democratically leave the euro . 
  sure that 's one side of the coin . 
  on the other side stand the inalienable rights of the author that some legislations have . 
  i do n't think there 's a clear right and wrong . 
  you have to decide what 's more important the right of the public or the right of the individual . 
  meh if your business is selling postcards of the eiffel tower you are profiting of the work of others . 
  for private use it would be absurd but i can see some arguments regarding commercial use . 
  selling records of public live performances is just as illegal as filming a public screening of a movie . 
  just because something exists in public space does not mean that you forfeit all your rights as an author even if we tend do not think of architects as authors or artists . 
  that being said there 's obviously different opinions on the subject as evidenced by the different legislations and i am quite happy with the austrian stance of panorama freedom . 
  of course it is as brittle as glass as it has been deliberately constructed that way . 
  we had n't have had a civil war over state rights yet . 
  excessive sovereignty is a problem for the eu . 
  but they are going to make an example out of greece and use the momentum to implement control structures . 
  financial oversight , a centralized tax agency , give the ecb some auditing powers etc. 
  something along those lines . 
  we do n't need a gettysburg . 
  jesus christ greece is such a banana republic . 
  wrong . 
  and now we are getting closer to the whole goal of this affair . 
  the whole debacle is about sovereignty and control . 
  if greece votes now they 're going to make an example out of them . 
  after the payment of a little fee ... 
  nobody says that those loans went anywhere else but into debt restructuring . 
  if idiots are the only choice greece has why is it the fault of the eurogroup ? 
  not everyone on the greek ship was an idiot but the captains certainly were . 
  no but they simply could n't afford to rescue them either . 
  if you are in a storm you ca n't stop your ship to rescue the idiot that lit his own boat on fire . 
  if you lend them money under the current rate then you are losing money . 
  you are losing potential interest you would have gotten had you lent it to someone else . 
  well if he thinks he has nothing left to lose the following weeks will be quite a surprise for him . 
  their government spent 45 % of the gdp and collected taxes worth around 35 % of the gdp for decades . 
  whatever they spent it on it had to stop . 
  because reasons . 
  and magic and stuff . 
  if your only economical plan is to spend the money of the public then yes . 
  unreadable idiocy spiked with insults would have been more fitting . 
  you mean replacing high cost short term loans with low cost long term loans . 
  because that 's what `` giving money to the banks '' is . 
  a greek default would have wrecked havoc in the financial system and had to be contained . 
  of course . 
  i 'm not saying that greek people are worse than other people but that the greek system is worse . 
  a weak system will even allow grandpa to avoid taxes . 
  but you ca n't spend 45 % of the gdp , collect 30 % and fill the rest up with loans . 
  yeah but if you pay your plumber in cash without a bill you are avoiding taxes . 
  tax evasion is not just having a foreign bank account . 
  it 's also buying your cigarettes from the guy at the corner . 
  because they had ridiculously inflated government expenses . 
  they had scandinavian level of government employees with a tax revenue on the level of the us gdp wise . 
  nothing has been confirmed . 
  a bad situation in greece now is not proof that the alternative would have been better . 
  do n't get guilt tripped for something completely out of your control . 
  the greek economy was artificially inflated and no matter how it would have been handled it 's always hard on people when a bubble bursts . 
  even if all the debts had been forgiven without new credits the loss of `` income '' through loans that had fueled greek economic expansions from 2002-2008 would have been catastrophic and an adjustment inevitable . 
  2017 10 million drachma 2018 100 million drachma 2019 10 billion drachma 2020 500 euro . 
  fuel is a another big problem . 
  imagine getting stuck during your vacation because they ca n't get fuel to an airport or for ships or for your car if you are a camper like i always was when we were on holiday in greece . . 
  but how do you get bitcoins with capital controls ? 
  yeah when the banks open again after a no vote it wont be with euros . 
  oh so now thatcher is also the fault of the eu ? 
  and everything that is n't austerity is a waste of money that does nothing in the long term . 
  but they do n't have to hit everyone with a fine . 
  police with tear gas and water cannons to disperse them . 
  krugman is a retard . 
  he may be right that austerity is maybe not the ideal solution but he always forgets that we are dealing with a completely corrupt country without functioning taxation mechanisms . 
  if greece had a functioning system other measures might have been better at getting greek debt under control . 
  but they do n't . 
  greece had a rapidly growing gdp from 2000-2008 . 
  way higher growth than germany . 
  but as it was mostly debt fueled it burst together with the crisis of 2008 . 
  ties to your economy , export and tourism , and much higher exposure to south eastern europe during the crisis . 
  well of course . 
  nuclear never made sense for austria .
