  so that 's camerons plan ... 
  look what happened in germany last time there was that level of unemployment . 
  we do n't wan na end up like you . 
  the film was made by an austrian and is more of a satiric view on ethnology and austria . 
  i suggest you take another look at a map . 
  a stupid reason is a stupid reason whether he meant itserious or not . 
  and a unified fiscal policy and a unified social policy as a result of that and suddenly you have a federation . 
  with the implementation of the euro the question no longer is whether we want to have full federation only how long it takes us before we arrive there . 
  nationalism is cancer . 
  that 's literally the stupidest reason in an entire thread full of stupid reasons . 
  germany became sovereign again in 1990 . 
  until then the allied powers made a lot of decisions for them . 
  the allied powers refused . 
  they took reparations themselves . 
  go cry to england . 
  is n't that answer enough ? 
  greece received reparations and decided to let them rot . 
  the allies that defeated germany felt like that was enough . 
  end of story . 
  just because one side thinks it deserves something does not grant that wish any merit . 
  the whole shitshow is just a stupid populist distraction from the pathetic greek government . 
  because you try to apply there concept of nationality to absolute regents . 
  they are the sovereign in a monarchy . 
  not the people . 
  besides that he still was their king nationality aside so the sentence is true anyway . 
  no they were the emperors of austria but they were also the kings of hungary and bohemia etc. 
  and nobody cared for 70 years . 
  greece received some compensation in the 50s . 
  asking for more 70 years after war ended is just stupid . 
  by no one but greece . 
  there is no legal base for reparations outside of the treaties that end a conflict . 
  germany surrendered to the 4 allied powers and those 4 allied powers singed a treaty with germany on the final settlement in 1990 . 
  other entities that receive reparations like israel have claims from different treaties that were signed shortly after the war . 
  but demanding a separate peace treaty 70 years after the war ended is a bit rich . 
  you can then give us back the money for reparations for 1848 . 
  ok first if all the money greece has to pay is owed to international debtors from all over the world and not just to germany . 
  second nobody forced greece to pay anything . 
  if they choose to refuse to repay their debts they can do so . 
  what germany does is giving greece money so that it can repay it 's current loans . 
  that money comes at a price . 
  not a monetary one as they get very very generous rates on those loans with running times in the decades and basically no interest but a political price . 
  if greece refuses reforms it does n't get any fresh money from germany and other eurozone countries to repay its current debts and has to go into default . 
  that means the greek government does n't have any money to spend at all anymore . 
  no pensions , no pay for government employees etc. 
  greece itself can not print any money as that authority only lies with the ezb . 
  so what 's greece to do next ? 
  if the government starts to emit ious they 're basically out of the euro as those de facto constitute a new currency . 
  so what do you expect ? 
  germany should give money to greece without asking what 's being done with that money ? 
  why should they do that ? 
  that 's a completely different legal matter . 
  of course the jews made their claims heard as soon as possible because they could use the money to erect their state on palestinian territory . 
  the basis for reparations to israel and the jewish community in general is the luxemburg treaty of 1952 . 
  1952 being much closer to 1945 than 2015 as the keen observer may notice . 
  not that israel does n't try to reopen the negotiations time and time again as running an apartheid state is an expensive affair . 
  yeah i demand reparations from hungary because your king used to exploit austria . 
  germany also never surrendered to greece . 
  there is however a separate treaty with poland regarding the new border . 
  no germany wants to take the money from the greek state which took those loans . 
  the greek state takes that money from the greek people via taxes . 
  no greek citizen is going to find a bill from germany in his mail . 
  and they have been handled with the existing treaties . 
  greece revived millions worth of machinery as reparations in the 50s yet the greek guy who was responsible for that let them rot for years in a german harbor and then sold them for scrap to england despite there being way higher offers from german companies . 
  also the international law knows no reparations to individuals nor can individuals of one state sue another state in front of a civil court of another state like it was in the case you mentioned . 
  states pay reparations to other states and the state then decides how that reparation money is spent . 
  all that combined makes the decision pretty easy for me . 
  there are very good reason the stuff was handled the way it was . 
  should individuals in japan be able to sue the us in front of a japanese court and be awarded reparations for hiroshima ? 
  just something to think about . 
  those treaties are meant as a way to put things to an end so peace can be secured in the future . 
  oh definetly if you are a fan of slutty dresses and tons of make up you will be happier in the east . 
  not really . 
  just look at any genetic study of europe . 
  central europeans are pretty much the same people and i 'm not really a fan of the more southern or eastern looking hungarians . 
  a lot has to do with the fact that the czech republic are the closest to germany and that they were some of the first countries to have a `` porn boom '' in the 90s . 
  so there 's some infrastructure there today aka agencies etc. 
  yeah i meant it on a purely economical level . 
  50 % lower hdi would be countries like afghanistan and you ca n't really use the hdi numbers for a comparison . 
  if somebody makes ignorant comments about other people being collectively ignorant i assume it 's because he 's butthurt and please do n't interpret that as me saying every czech is butthurt . 
  standards was not exactly defined by me but i thought the context would be enough . 
  that means i defined what i meant by it by the numbers i used . 
  if i would have meant living standards i would have used the word living standards . 
  i was never making a moral argument just a purely economical one . 
  i live 50 kilometers away from the czech republic and i know that it 's not a 3rd world country and a 50 % lower hdi would put you squarely in the third world category but i also know that everything 's significantly cheaper there including sex workers of any kind . 
  first no that 's the right data . 
  show otherwise . 
  i admit to simply googling it but then again i 'm not making a scientific argument . 
  second hdi and living standards do not come into play in a purely economic argument . 
  probably the most relevant statistic you could look at is median wage not even adjusted to purchasing power because that the level of pay you have to calibrate your wages to . 
  for example , not actual numbers , if you would have to pay an actress 10 times the median wage those numbers would be significantly lower in the east . 
  how much that buys for the actress etc does not matter at all . 
  also i did n't think czechs were that ignorant towards their neighbors in the west . 
  no the hdi is the wrong data . 
  the important thing for the economic side is the gdp . 
  more important would be the median wage . 
  those are international producers and every dollar or euro weighs more if you have a lower economical standard . 
  a certain budget carries you further in the czech republic . 
  the hdi has nothing to do with it . 
  but that 's the same for all of central europe . 
  i was just comparing the world bank data between austria and hungary .
