  ours is 8 pages but 4 of them are for you to fill out the rest is for the agency and waivers you have to sign.http : / / www.bmi.gv.at/cms/bmi_niederlassung/formulare_2014/niederlassungsbewiligung_formular.pdf, 
  just use a less ambivalent language . 
  it 's like some weird mixture of dutch and greek designed by an austrian patriot . 
  you do n't need legal reasons to create a law . 
  any creation of a law is a political process . 
  the only legal aspect you have to check is whether there are constitutional hurdles and i do n't believe that there are legal protections for foreign citizens campaigning for foreign elections . 
  i was mainly thinking about tariffs and single market regulations when i asked . 
  the uk is obviously a good choice because they already have an aviation industry cluster and that 's worth quite a bit . 
  but that only takes you so far and nothing can compensate a 20 % tariff on parts for example . 
  but without a special deal that 's outside the eu that 's not that much of threat and air traffic follows european and american regulations anyway no matter where you are . 
  the other answers are n't as satisfactory because they are largely speculative . 
  sorry you never know with reddit . 
  i mean my question got downvoted so i interpreted your answers as being somewhat hostile . 
  but thanks for the only real answer . 
  you may have noticed that i asked a question indicating that i know that i do n't know much about that subject in particular . 
   also , it is pointless trying to compare brexit to a war . 
  both are accidents that happened outside the order of things . 
  brexit is an anachronistic throwback to nationalism that has no place in this world . 
  and while you might belive the uk i really do n't given its track record . 
   brexit is n't sudden but just like wwiii everybody thought that cooler minds and reason would win in the long run . 
  just like wwiii everybody thought that the obvious costs and the impossibility to profit from it would prevent it from ever happening . 
  brexit just like an eventual wwiii is an accident . 
  wwiii wo n't be sudden in a sense because everybody has been preparing for it since the end of wwii . 
  it will be sudden in a sense because nobody thinks that irrationality is going to win . 
   i do n't think that the uk will be run like argentina and nor do investors like boeing . 
  it 's not matter of `` will be '' anymore with the uk but a matter of how much longer . 
   other perceived regulatory and legal stability factors of the uk . 
  that may have been a good point until the referendum . 
   or disadvantages . 
  yeah if you do n't count little things like tariff barriers and wage levels . 
  but in case where a sudden irrational policy change like brexit happens you ca n't leave companies a lone without serious risk to your national economy . 
  look at argentina for an example of how economic politics with a crowbar work out in the long run . 
  it 's not about generosity . 
  a poland rich enough to buy german products is also good for germany . 
  and 100 billion is n't that big a deal in the grand scheme of things . 
  germany 's budget surplus this year was 23 billion . 
  unlike what trumplets and brexiteers think wealth is n't strictly a zero sum game and for the parts that are like resources the competition is always going to be global no matter how much isolate yourself . 
  yeah but the rules for primarily resource exporters are always a little different . 
  but why ? 
  outside the single market and britain wants to run a low tariff strategy . 
  it has literally zero advantages over running them either inside the single market or in far east . 
  i 've read somewhere that truthahn actually comes from the same root word as threaten or german drohen because of the threatening posturing behavior of the birds . 
  and in styria `` indianer '' was common at least according to my grandma from there . 
  well just like current german taxpayers have absolutely nothing to do with the holocaust . 
  yeah but having germans subject to collective punishment while ignoring the transgressions of the israeli apartheid regime is not just a little hypocritical . 
  it 's really good because we all profit from that trade . 
  actually austrian tigers [ look like this . 
  because why not ? 
  should italy limit itself to only eating pasta and pizza and driving around on little scooters ? 
  i actually think they should n't pay another cent until israel stops building illegal settlements on occupied land . 
  it 's the damned jews !, 
  bremen and berlin ? 
  at least that 's what i would guess if i had to . 
  but if everyone is against the law it simply gets replaced . 
  law is only binding if people want it to be . 
  i think originally the majority there were natives . 
  yeah but the biggest ancestry group in america is germans . 
  there is more than enough wiggle room here that any decision made is going to be a political one and not a purely legal one . 
  it may not be decided by politicans but the decision is going to be more about shaping the eu and less about strict interpretation of the law . 
  ots going to be about creating precedent and not interpreting according to strict rules . 
  in the end it boils down to the following : letting nations declare and withdraw from article 50 at will and unilaterally is bad for the eu and an open invitation to extortion attempts . 
  and especially since any extension of the talks requires unanimous approval of all member states i do n't think that it fits the spirit of article 50 at all . 
  does n't mean that 's it 's any less grasping at straws . 
  sure if you close both eyes and ignore the nausea you could twist it that way . 
  i doubt that there is going to be political backing for that though . 
  you 're just inviting chaos and enabling populist posturing at the cost of stability . 
  i 'm sure that the judges are going to think along similar lines . 
  now that 's grasping at straws . 
  if all members decide that something should happen it will happen . 
  treaties are just paper . 
  because it 's a laib and not a kugel . 
  both iraq wars only served the stabilisation if the petrodollar dollar . 
  you ca n't say that there wo n't be intervention when the was nothing but intervention the last 30 years . 
  the influence you buy with that lets you intervene in the middle east all the time , which keeps oil traded in dollars and that in turn keeps the price of the gollar high and stable . 
  that way you can finance your debt based economy . 
  somebody has to finance the trade surplus of germany . 
  * you 're, 
  you seem to confuse literacy with fath fingering your phone . 
  and nothing of that was clear in the beginning . 
  you may recall a rather infamous secession event in america history . 
  it has still survived . 
  i fail to see your point . 
  is your point that the us is shit because if the non white people ? 
  if you go down that road you might like to consider that austria is n't part of the nato anyway . 
  but we take care of the syrian refugees after the us trashed their country by creating isis and providing weapons to islamic extremists in taht region for decades . 
  funny coming from a country that gets hysterical over russia that has like a tenth of the economy of the eu . 
  you pay more dollars for shittier healthcare . 
  that 's as simple as i can put it . 
  you pay more and get less . 
  spending even more would n't change that . 
  we do n't even have to touch upon that the us does n't spend that money out of good will but because it buys them influence . 
  influence that props their whole economy up . 
  only that they got more out the marshall plan than germany and has less bombs dropped on them . 
  the us has survived for 200 years with a terrible constitution . 
  also your link shows a growth rate of nearly 2 % . 
  the bars are per quarter fyi . 
  i just felt like that was the most appropriate response . 
  you fail to understand anything i write . 
  i have already given you an answer to your question . 
  simply go back and reread my comments .
