  take your time this time . 
  [ sounds like you could use some help from these guys . 
   exactly , my friend you guys are so used to not having to pay for military spending . 
  then your like har har why is n't your healthcare better ? 
  why is n't your education better ? 
  why is n't your country so unstable . 
  it 's because my tax dollars are paying for your weak countries that just expect us to protect you guys . 
  you seem to have problems with functional literacy . 
  as a sidenote you spend twice the amount on healthcare as a percentage of gdp than we do . 
  it 's not potable water in any case . 
  i said devastation not deaths . 
  you have european allies so you do n't have to spend as much money and resources . 
  defending europe is cheaper than defending against europe . 
  that happens when trumplets brigade a thread . 
  i am all for the eu/germany having their own nuclear arsenal and being less reliant on the us in that regard . 
  abandonment of your allies would only mean that you 'd have to up your defense budget . 
  the whole fucking point of nato is to prevent germany from getting nukes themselves . 
  which would have to happen if the us withdrew . 
  if the country with the second most nukes in the world suddenly goes rogue and withdraws from mostly diplomatic institutions designed to prevent wwiii ? 
  what 's your guess ? 
  i do n't want to speak for all europeans but i think it 's safe to say that in general were not the biggest fans of a nuclear holocaust . 
  gdp per capita . 
  in vienna they use the waste heat from garbage incineration for example . 
  the ecb is independent and outside of the control of the member states . 
  and yes the eu would be far better off if member states had less power . 
  national states are a relic of the past and do n't fit in our current interwoven economic system . 
  greece got way more per capita from the marshall plan and suffered far less devastation than germany . 
  the eu will never survive in the long run in its current form . 
  you are wrong though if you think that this means that it will collapse . 
  the work done there is way too valueable, 
  you are still confusing eu and eu member states . 
  you buy only once ? 
  are you guys all slaves to the brand ? 
  are eastern europeans devoid of taste buds ? 
  is marketing that more effective in eastern europe ? 
  the consumer decides the quality he buys . 
  this is n't communism anymore . 
  sounds like you could make a lot of money importing austrian products . 
  ca n't they simply taste the difference ? 
  only that the same packaging is n't used in the same markets . 
  unless you travel between two markets all the time that 's not a real problem . 
  bulgarian shampoo does n't compete with shampoo on german supermarket shelves . 
  i buy my stuff based on taste and price . 
  reputation may help but in the end if there is something better for the same price or cheaper i 'll buy that . 
   that allowing identical labelling of different products accross counries impairs proper market behaviour . 
  why ? 
  that makes no sense at all . 
  i buy stuff based on my local market and reputation in other markets does n't faze me one bit . 
  you keep repeating the same few points over and over again , with way too many words btw. , but the base you build your conclusions on is n't solid . 
  there are competitors available that can easily move into eastern markets thanks to the eu . 
  just ignore the label . 
  i do n't choose my bread spread based on the label but based on quality/price . 
  if nutella sold manure with their label i would n't buy it . 
  marketing only takes you so far . 
  you are trying to argue that marketing overpowers all other market forces but that certainly is n't the case otherwise discounters would never stand a chance and they are a rather big factor especially in germany . 
  just go to / r/de and rave about nutella and people will tell you in droves that other products are better . 
  nutella is the quality it is in germany because that 's the quality it needs to be to be competitive . 
  it helps if you read what i write . 
  you are arguing a point that i have never made . 
   lastly , you discuss with the mindset that competition is going to be present , access to entering the market is easy , and that the competition itself is fair . 
  i do n't . 
  i just refute that this is a problem of the manufacturers . 
  it is a problem of the market . 
  manufacturers should be able to create products tailored to different markets . 
  there is no regulation needed . 
  especially since there are many manufacturers to choose from in the internal market . 
  if you notice that nutella is bad in bulgaria the best option is to call a german competitor of nutella and order from them . 
  setting up your own shop is always going to be difficult but it also is n't necessary . 
  you always ignore that point . 
  the customer does n't expect to buy german nutella because he has no concept of german nutella . 
  the customer is going to buy the best chocolate bread spread that is available to him in his local market . 
  for all i care apple computer could be made out of solid gold in america that does n't affect me one bit as long as they are not available to me in europe . 
  the local market is the deciding factor . 
   with nutella you have market impairment : nutella has created a version for some markets and pushes retailers to use this version . 
  thus competition is not easily possible . 
  that whole thesis makes no sense . 
  in mature markets there are a whole boatload of options when it comes to chocolate bread spreads . 
  if there are n't that 's a problem of the market and not the manufacturer . 
  if there is low enough demand for those products that only one will survive there is n't going to be much competition and the products will suck . 
  and unlike your example with x86 chips the barrier to entry is n't exactly that high and there are many options to chose from for retailers inside the internal market . 
  i 'm sure wilhelm reuss gmbh & co. . kg would be happy to sell to france . 
  except that there are many options to order from in the internal market if you are a bulgarian or romanian retailer . 
  it 's a retail problem and not a manufacturing problem . 
  because they compete with shit in other countries . 
  the problem is that the lidl chocolate has to compete with belgian chocolate in one country and bulgarian chocolate in the other . 
   and there is no reasonable justification for this . 
  well of course there is . 
  worse competition . 
  just wait a few decades and the differences will have leveled out . 
  but if the b line of shampoos is good enough for the local market there is no reason to sell the a line . 
  but why would you want to buy nutella in france if it 's shit ? 
  if the reason is that there is still nothing better when then it 's a matter of not enough competition . 
  bigger and older markets with more competition are going to produce better goods . 
  that 's like the whole basis of capitalism . 
  you 're going to have to bring a better product to the market to be able to compete in germany . 
  becasue the german is n't going to buy shit nutella if they can buy nutoka . 
  but the french is going to have to buy nutella in your example because that 's still better than the french competitors . 
  ferrero is going to put their best stuff in germany and the worse stuff in france if that 's going to save them money as long as they are competitive in both markets . 
  that 's just rational . 
  over time those differnces are going to level out if french supermarkets are starting to order nutoka from germany for example .
