  they are n't going to do that on their own because their only incentive is to make money . 
  the rest is for the judges to decide and they will no doubt write pages upon pages of legal opinion on it . 
  it 's not an unsolvable problem . 
   should cnn articles that call trump racist be taken down ? 
  they should n't publish such articles in the first place as they are opinion and not news . 
  you can have any opinion you want but you ca n't forge facts and publish them as truths . 
  if it is fully automatic it is prohibited . 
  that 's category a. 
  also includes flamethrowers , shotguns under 90cm , barrels under 45 cm , silencers , any gun that does n't look like a gun ( no james bond umbrella shit ) if it is self loading or a handgun you need a permit complete with psychological testing . 
  that 's category b. semi auto shotguns , ar 15 's , glocks etc. 
  if it has a rifled barrel you need to register it every time the owner changes , you do n't need a permit except if you do n't want to wait 3 days . 
  that is category c. includes bolt actions , lever guns , break actions , drillinge etc. 
  smoothbore guns without magazine are category d. only the first buyer has to register them . 
  3 day waiting period without permit . 
  single barrel , double barrel , triple barrel shotguns . 
  rifled insert barrels for shotguns are treated as a weapon category c. 
  semi autos are legal but you need a permit . 
  pump guns were freely available just like break action shotguns are today . 
  you can get most things in austria as long as they are semi automatic . 
  and that 's only the legal stuff . 
  the yugoslavian war made a lot of military grade weapons easily obtainable if you were so inclined . 
  weapon availability does n't really factor into the homicide rate . 
  we even have something like 35 guns per 100 people . 
  to get an ar 15 in austria you have to pass a psychological test and you have to prove that you have a weapons locker and the police is going to check that everything is locked up every 5 years . 
  yeah we had a couple of murders with them in the 90s and they did n't have a lobby since they are kinda useless anyway . 
  but you could simply walk into a gunstore and walk out with a unregistered pump gun back then . 
  since 2012 we have to register every gun thanks to the eu . 
  we still have one of the highest gun ownership rates in the eu and you can even get carry licenses if you need them for self defense . 
  every two years or so you will read about a taxi drive or a jeweler shooting a robber and getting cleared of all charges because of self defense . 
  in austria the only prerequisite to getting a shotgun is that you are 18 . 
  yeah the one that projects a decades longer life span for nuclear plants than for anything else including hydro and that adds a random methane penalty to hydro despite that making no sense for most austrian hydro for example . 
  yeah the other studies that do n't fit your narrative . 
  this is what we call cherry picking . 
  just scroll down a bit . 
  unless you have some `` concrete '' numbers this discussion is completely pointless . 
  just look at the different studies that are out there . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/life-cycle_greenhouse-gas_emissions_of_energy_sources besides that unlike a nuclear reactor a dam is n't really standardized and using one median value for all countries is kinda pointless . 
  nuclear power plants also use alot of concrete and hydro does n't use any fuel at all . 
  uranium mining is also a pretty dirty affair . 
  just tax the shit out of oil . 
  that has the biggest impact . 
  fixing estonia would be like blowing out a candle in a burning house . 
  a gesture at best . 
  uranium ore does n't just magically appear or disappear so there should be some running costs . 
  but those are fixed costs and not running costs . 
  also why would hydro produce double the amount of nuclear . 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  does nuclear include the co2 costs of mining uranium and storing the spent rods ? 
  if estonian consumption is so low then why do their emissions matter ? 
  you may have noticed that austrians have a negative view of everyone . 
  germanic would include sweden or england and that really is n't he same thing . 
  even if you narrow it down to west germanic it still includes the dutch and the english . 
  it 's german . 
  south german if you want to me more specific , bavarian if you want to be even more specific and exclude vorarlberg . 
  of course we are germans but we are austrian citizens . 
  one is a cultural thing and the other is a state thing . 
  vienna was the defacto center of german culture for centuries . 
  i am upper austrian , i am austrian , i am german , i am european . 
  those are all part of my identity . 
  only that america created isis and had the fabulous decision to arm syrian rebels . 
  the refugee crisis is 100 % americas fault . 
  its not europeans who constantly meddle in the middle east . 
  and you would probably be speaking german by now . 
  maybe you get to keep your empire in that fantasy version of history ? 
  yeah but hofer is the austrian offshoot so different rules may apply . 
  because terror bombings only work when you target civilians . 
  if conflicts get global arbitration needs to be global . 
  the formation of pretty much every nation state in europe followed the same lines . 
  rome evolved into a similar form over the centuries . 
  from a one sided form of government into a relatively inclusive one until finally evey inhabitant of the empire was a citizen . 
  a global society will eventually form a global state . 
  look as soon as people tell other people what to do and there are is some consistency to it it is a government no matter how you call it and what it exactly looks like . 
  a federal form would be the most stable in my opinion and in the long run stability always wins because that 's what people want . 
  even if you end up with two blocks like in the cold war they both restricted each others movement so much that they were as much symbiotic as they were antagonistic . 
  yeah basically only the kaisersemmel is called semme ( r ) l. 
  wecken is like a loaf of white bread in austria . 
  from wecken ? 
  like a elongated bread ? 
  at least that one is common in austria . 
  how is that stretching ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xzrjwzybuku the invasion started on the 20th of march . 
  the war phase in iraq lasted a bit over a month . 
  the hundreds of thousands of dead happened during the botched occupation . 
  just look at the historical trend . 
  people are getting more and more similar . 
  it 's only going to be so long until they realize it . 
   true , but if two countries , for example pakistan and india , go into war without nukes , and one of them started losing , launching nukes would seem like a pretty good option for the losing side . 
  that 's why they will never go to war with each other again . 
   i 'd argue that us wars in the middle east kept the us dollar quite high , just as the show of might of russia in syria pushed several countries into an economic union with russia . 
  those are n't wars those were imperial police actions . 
  if you go in and shoot a few barbarians to topple a local regime ... that 's just not a war to me . 
  in the end everybody will have to benefit from it . 
  you ca n't keep a lid on people . 
  those times are over . 
  there are only two ways forward . 
  cooperation or the end times and i have still some faith in humanity left . 
  just give it another 200 years . 
  depending on the circumstances like climate change some framework might even have to emerge sooner . 
  cultural boundaries are disappearing ever faster . 
  add some future tech like implanted translation devices into the mix and they will completely go away .
