  as a taxpayer i disagree . 
  only if you like stucco . 
  yeah but not before the immigrants have killed nearly all the natives . 
  there could be reservations for british where they could live according to their culture in tiny terraced houses sipping tea under a picture of the queen . 
  maybe they could run a casino or two . 
  so what you are saying is that britain should leave the eu and then invite a massive wave of immigration from all over europe ? 
  but it has worked out for germany . 
  that 's important . 
  germany could n't stay the way it was because of outside pressure . 
  your personal sob story with germany or national delusion does nothing to change that . 
  really ? 
  care to mention a recent example ? 
  the eastern european or yugoslavian countries all joined another block so i ca n't really think of one . 
  what a load of bullshit . 
  germany 's rise began in the 19th century when it started to unify more and more under outside pressure aka napoleon . 
  the hre was never anywhere near to being a centralised power and it 's constitutional backbone found in the golden bull made sure of that . 
  federalization will come bit by bit driven by measures that seem like a necessity at first . 
  once the brexit shit show is over the issue of issuing euro bonds will reemerge again which will come eventually but coupled with control rights of the union which will act as a pathway to consolidation in fiscal policy . 
  the euros existence alone does n't allow for anything else . 
  the uk may vote to remain only to find itself on the outside anyway if they continue to reject the euro . 
  well it 's a train station . 
  the form is dictated by the function . 
  the thing is that the eu can only legislate in very specific fields most of which concern the common market . 
  it can not make legislation in all the other fields . 
  by parliament i specifically meant the british parliament . 
  every single competence of the eu has to be given to it by the member states and you ca n't be outvoted in that matter . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/principle_of_conferral  the eu has no competences by right , and thus any areas of policy not explicitly agreed in treaties by all member states remain the domain of the member states . 
  it 's not like a federation like the us or austria where the states get their competences from the federal entity and the federal government can extend or reduce the rights and competences of the members at will . 
  no it 's not because the eu only has the power given to it by parliament . 
  it can not extend its power by itself . 
  the council is made up of democratically elected ministers . 
  intentionally so . 
  is that the guy that gets his face smashed in with the fire extinguisher ? 
  average weekly work hours in continental europe are around 32-34 . 
  try to find another place on earth that has our living standards with the hours we work . 
  but she was way uglier so i win . 
  yeah ? 
  where do i even mention my nation ? 
  thatcher, 
   wiping evil from the earth was worth any price yeah right ... evil is gone now . 
  that 's why a million iraqi civilians died after you fucked up the region with your daddy the us of a. 
  what better world did their suffering buy ? 
  your last attempt at trying to act relevant was an unmitigated disaster that further destabilized one of the most unstable regions on the planet and unleashed isis who in turn unleashed the refugees you are now running away from with your referendum . 
  amazing job . 
  and even if you only were a waterboy for the us you still stood first in line and followed them blindly like a dog trying to impress its master . 
  if it were n't for the ussr and the cold war nothing would have been rebuild in europe . 
  also why the fuck would you compare a peace treaty with a loan a government takes up ? 
  what a shitpost . 
  while it 's true that you have little else to be proud of it did n't really pay of now did n't it ? 
  and you 've won and got humiliated . 
  hey the last time we brought down the largest empire of the world at that time . 
  although it sometimes seems like they have n't noticed it yet . 
  swedes commenting on humor is about as believable as swedes commenting on good food or modesty . 
   and english has spread to all corners of the world thanks to britains efforts . 
  as has polio . 
  weird thing to be proud of . 
  britain has surely spread the germs and by now the boils are in full bloom . 
  i thought when we speaking of popularity we were talking about countries that have a choice in the matter and not the ones that were colonized . 
  in the western world english is only popular because of america . 
  sorry i do n't understand you . 
  you speak in a weird accent and not the one i 'm used to from movies . 
  yeah but that 's the work of the americans and not you . 
  95 % of the english consumed and spoken in this world is american influenced . 
  that 's hardly a win for you . 
  it is n't even your language anymore . 
  also half of the english vocabulary is french so you would have to share anyway . 
  yeah but they are not english so that 's an automatic 2 up . 
  of course the countries with the lowest taxes will always be favored . 
  but we 've got to handle it somehow . 
  there is a future where humans wo n't have to work anymore and it would be a shame if the economical system would be the one thing holding us back . 
  [ just read the report that the graphic is based on . 
  ] ( https://www.opensocietyfoundations.org/sites/default/files/globalizing-torture-20120205.pdf ) austria is on the list because one viennese resident of sudanese origin was arrested in amman and detained there . 
  his suspicion that austria was involved is all the data that is given . 
  they submitted wrong flight plans . 
  why should austria intercept a civilian flight from germany to azerbaijan ? 
  a euro plug can be simply injection molded . 
  a british plug has a switch and a fuse and hilariously oversized connectors . 
  that 's a world of difference in manufacturing . 
  and ? 
  that stat alone tells you nothing . 
  yeah it 's an overengineerd workaround for a specific countries problem . 
  the best design is either the euro plug or the new standard that nobody uses that 's like a euro plug with grounding pin in the middle . 
  why ? 
  they do exactly the same stuff and they are substantially cheaper to produce . 
  the features are still irrelevant . 
  it 's a more expensive design that does nothing . 
  there 's no electrocution epidemic in germany or france . 
  in modern houses every single room is on one or two fuses anyway with bug appliances like ovens having their own extra one . 
  do you honestly think that there would be less regulation without eu ? 
  it would just come from london and not brussels that 's all . 
  what are they going to do ? 
  buy british cars ? 
  it was staged anyway . 
  yeah the whole of the british isles could use some more geography . 
  maybe not the excessive amount austria has but a little bit more to spice things up . 
  there have been multiple studies that all debunked the myth that the euro raised the prices . 
  at least for me it 's hard to judge the validity of those studies as i was around 18 when the euro was introduced so i was n't really paying my own bills in schilling . 
  all i know is that you could get a pack of cigarettes and like 3 beers for 100 schilling and that was all i needed to have a fun night when i was 16 . 
  that 's 7.2 $ but also mostly normal inflation . 
  with an election this close it kinda was unavoidable .
