  gr\u00fc\u00df gott is more traditional . 
  i ca n't give you a proper source as i doubt it has ever been studied but it is an observation made by quite a few people like for example here http://www.faz.net/aktuell/politik/europaeische-union/wahlen-in-oesterreich-wehe-du-sagst-gruess-gott-12156127.html, 
  if a stranger greets me with `` einen wundersch\u00f6nen guten tag '' i automatically assume that he is either an asshole , wants to sell me something or works in the service industry and does n't mean it . 
  either way the chances of my retinas detaching because i roll my eyes to hard is about 50 % . 
  guten tag is a socialist thing and basically not used outside vienna in austria . 
  why would anyone expect spending to go down ? 
  the pound is now worth less meaning you have to spend more if you want to get the same stuff and interests rates are in the gutter . 
  if there is a time to spend more it 's now before the lower pound value fully reaches consumer prices . 
  why would anyone sit on his pounds if it drops 10 % everytime theresa may opens her mouth . 
  a common enemy is a good way to unite people . 
  the uk has the eu as a common enemy and vice versa . 
  they simply do n't sell it in the uk . 
  france ? 
  it 's not hostility . 
  that product is not being sold in the uk . 
  no need to put their flag on there . 
  are you lactose intolerant or what ? 
  it 's not being sold.in the uk . 
  no reason to have their flag up their . 
  yeah i bet that shit is n't even deep fried . 
  the question was what the eu can do . 
  not what they should do . 
  you guys always act like the uk is untouchable and has some divinely granted sovereignty . 
  the reality is that it has some very important neighbors that it ca n't simply bully around like it wants to . 
  punitive tariffs , economic sanctions etc. 
  same stuff they do to other rogue states like russia or iran . 
  oh in austria it 's absolutely commuting . 
  about 200 000 commuters to vienna every day . 
  that 's  10 % of the population of vienna and like  20 % of the workforce . 
  gdp per capita is just that . 
  nothing more and nothing less . 
  people commuting into a city center that is its own statistical area is always going to produce those artifacts . 
  actually austria is . 
  dumping untreated waste is banned in all germanic countries in europe . 
  it would also remove any incentive to think long term . 
  how would a term limit improve anything . 
  just stating it is hardly arguing for it . 
  well you hardly brought up anything better . 
  but you can look at chancellors like schr\u00f6der or kohl if you want some examples . 
  because the party is a private club anyway and how they treat their internal structure is up to them . 
  they are not part of the constitutional framework in any democracy . 
  but the people in germany have the choice of many clubs and that 's the important thing . 
  that 's just wrong and german politicians do n't think that way . 
  long term greece was handled correctly and you seem to confuse refugees with migrants . 
  refugees are granted a temporary stay . 
  long term would be the ability for those refugees to gain citizenship and that 's a completely different topic . 
  germany is not a two party system . 
  but your president is something completely different from our chancellor . 
  the systems are just too different to compare them point for point . 
  it 's being handled through the courts anyway . 
  all that 's separating gay marriage from normal marriage now is the name and the right to adopt . 
  the first is a non issue and the later is more of an issue of children 's rights than of gay rights and has to be handled in that context . 
  a country of 400 million just elected trump . 
  `` let 's elect a clown just to see what happens '' - most other nations . 
  anyone who still cares about gay marriage is stuck in the last century . 
  the important thing about gay marriage is the rights it gives . 
  and those rights have been given to them over time through the courts . 
  in the end it did n't cost political capital , the result is the same , the timeline is about the same and it did n't divide the nation over a non issue that affects like 2 % of the people that are gay and actually want to marry . 
  that 's how it should have been handled everywhere . 
  in the us and elsewhere it 's blown up to be that big giant issue when it really is n't . 
  it 's at best a distraction from far more important political areas . 
  you just have a false impression of what `` the job '' is . 
  the eu is not a dictatorship . 
  you can only ever expect there to be subtle movements and merkel is thinking extremely long term . 
  that 's what makes her suited for the job . 
  and unless the nation states are willing to confer more powers to the union this is n't going to change . 
  merkel does a decent job at keeping the germans on board and exerting gentle pressure where needed without resorting to outright bullying . 
  greece for example was treated very leniently while still being able to sell it to the german public as something necessary . 
  everyone who expected more for greece or less from germany is simply deluded . 
  we prefer to call it the empire thank you very much . 
  to put it into service without details leaking out . 
  well it helps that you dismantled you industry in the 80s . 
  also you have a rather mild climate so you neither need much energy to heat or cool your homes . 
   it 's called free market capitalism . 
  not with chinese subsidies . 
   you want to say hey it 's ok to import all those electronic goodies , but people might loose jobs in germany if you import cheap steel ? 
  one is consumer crap the other a strategically important commodity . 
   the eu hands tons and tons of money over to france under common agriculture policy which has killed many industries in other eu member states does not compute . 
  it 's okay because steel is of strategic importance . 
  you ca n't be dependent on steel imports or the exporters can ruin your industries by turning the price screw after driving your domestic producers out of business through subsidies . 
  complaining about tariffs on subsidised essentials is incredibly short sighted . 
  how the fuck would i go bear hunting in austria ? 
  we get like one every 10 years, 
  bears are weird somehow . 
  when i was little i always imagined them to be some strange hybrid of dogs and monkeys . 
  you all just copied the spanish . 
  still if the upper courts remain independent all it does is to slow the justice system down . 
  the danger for democracy and the separation of power has been neutered . 
  in austria the president can reject any law if it is against the constitution . 
  the only way around it is to make the law a constitutional one which has stricter requirements like 66 % approval etc. 
  also 1/3 of the representatives of the national chamber or the federal chamber can demand a referendum in case of a partial alteration of the constitution and in case of a major revision of the constitution a referendum about it is mandatory . 
  [ you should take a look at our new ones . 
  ] ( http://www.irmscher.tv/h/images/2015/11/04/14bp61.jpg ), 
  it 's not like the technology that 's being used here has changed all that much . 
  a diesel bus from the 80s would probably destroy a modern emissions no testing machine but electric motors have changed very little . 
  if labour is cheap enough it 's probably worth to do it that way . 
  i do n't think you could make an economic case for restoring a bus in germany for example . 
  you can see that there is quite a bit of leeway in the connection to the he power line so staying exactly on track is n't all that important . 
  you just have to drive your route like any other bus . 
  why should eastern europeans be the only ones that get a pass on being economic refugees ?
