  where do you get those numbers from ? 
  because that 's exactly where your argument falls apart . 
  you just tried to sidestep that with your last reply . 
  you argue that there is some sort of quantifiable income loss that happens every time someone gets raped . 
  and quite frankly that 's bullshit . 
  yeah but that was not the argument you were making . 
  do you ? 
  how do you quantify a supposed psychological impairment ? 
  why should you be able to sue for hypothetical damages ? 
  that hardly seems just . 
  the healing has to come through therapy and i do not mean shopping therapy . 
  materialism is not the only form of happiness . 
  yeah our legal system is n't very touchy-feely . 
  medical and psychological treatment gets paid for by the health insurance but pain and emotional suffering usually does n't get compensated that highly . 
  it 's not like money could make what happened undone anyway . 
  economic turmoil is always dangerous for a society . 
  sure in the long run britain will find some role for itself outside the deep integration into european economy it currently enjoys . 
  i 'm sure the dust will have settled in 20 or 30 years . 
  but the short to midterm will hurt and it will be dangerous . 
  it 's just what the majority here enjoys . 
  would you go to r/amd and complain that there 's no news about nvidia products ? 
  young continental europeans that are able to hold a conversation in english will be pretty pro eu . 
  if you do n't like the way reddit tends to create those community echo chambers just stay away from reddit or the echo chambers you do n't like . 
  you ca n't just devalue the pound however you want . 
  too much and the whole london property bubble colapses and that will be real fun for a lot of people . 
  but it 's undeniable that there will be suffering . 
  you really do n't need a crystal ball anymore to see that . 
  i 'm just curious how long it will take you to admit it . 
  yeah just like german and gerwomen ... 
  just fuck off then will you . 
  go to the echo chamber of your liking and do n't expose yourself to different ideas . 
  it 's not like you would listen to anything in here . 
  all of her income is derived from some ancient birthright granted to her by god . 
  call that what you will but do n't call it justified . 
  if the wto admission of the uk goes according to plan . 
  marvelous argument . 
  very well spoken . 
  man you 're deep in denial . 
  just admit your crimes against humanity . 
  what good is it to deny them ? 
  the world is not blind . 
  `` our '' technology . 
  lol . 
  and you call me ignorant . 
  your country is killing innocent people all over the world ** right now ** . 
  just in the last decade over a million iraqis died as a direct consequence of your inept attempt at imperialism . 
  yes your country is evil . 
  it 's that simple . 
  and carriers exist only to throw bombs at 3rd world countries that ca n't fight back . 
  that 's also simple and straightforward . 
  what does that have to do with being austrian ? 
  sorry i forgot that you to defend your borders in the middle east by dropping bombs on civilians . 
  actually only the us . 
  the other mentioned countries have completely different carriers . 
  well china is starting to terrorize it 's neighbours too so you have at least one pupil . 
  that 's the most retarded thing i will read all day and i have just woken up . 
  carriers are useless against super powers . 
  you can bomb 3rd world countries with them but that 's about it . 
  too bad they ca n't do shit against powers of equals strength . 
  that 's why non imperialistic powers do n't bother with them . 
  yeah but who would ask that con artist . 
  because it 's not a strategic weapon like the us carriers . 
  it 's meant to protect a fleet and not to need a fleet for protection . 
  the russians relied on their subs for strategic deterrence . 
  a carrier is only really good to terrorize smaller nations . 
  you just do n't understand politics do you ? 
  once you announce that you will leave the table your voice is worthless . 
  even if you announce that you will leave in a few years time it is going to lower the impact you have . 
  part of politics is cow trading where you support certain projects that do n't benefit you directly in exchange for support for your own projects . 
  even the constant talking about brexit could n't have been good for uk influence . 
  yeah but a golf club that would n't let me do buisness with them would be more like eu sanctions against the uk and clearly nobody is suggesting that . 
  yeah but oil is on it 's way out and the uk is already an island fortunately . 
  yeah but in hindsight you guys would n't have lost that much if you 'd let alabama , mississippi and florida go . 
  and when it comes to things like teen pregnancy and fat people the uk is basically the mississippi of europe . 
  you guys even waged war against anyone who dared to leave . 
  just like the fucking local golf club that wo n't let me use their facilities because i 'm not a member and do n't pay membership dues . 
  i 'm pretty sure the uk wants to sail to the us anyway so there should be some room . 
  it 's going to get interesting at the end of 2018 when it slowly starts to going to get apparent that there wo n't be a deus ex machina . 
  why does that matter ? 
  it 's suicide , do n't romanticise it ffs . 
  you ca n't kill yourself and hold your head up high . 
  and i say that as someone with a history of severe depression . 
  if you are nihilistic enough to say that you are through with life why would you care about stupid stuff like dignity ? 
  suicide should always be perceived as something negative other than . 
  in cases that are absolutely hopeless from a medical standpoint . 
  because brits are willing to pay more for european wine . 
  this is about assisted suicide though . 
  if you are healthy just hang yourself . 
  no help needed . 
  that 's just painfully ignorant . 
  pensioners are getting hit as well . 
  their pension buys less stuff , if britain gets less interesting for investors and for the corrupt of the world to park their money there the housing market may crash and may further devalue their assets . 
  british pensioners in eu countries are getting the worst deal of them all . 
  yeah it 's slowing filtering through to the traders that the politicians mean what they say this time around . 
  judging by the headlines he 's a massive eurosceptic . 
  although - sceptic might be too weak and - phobic might be more fitting . 
  petrol cars wo n't just disappear from one day to the other . 
  a sales ban will see them being phased out over the 10-20 years or so . 
  also there are other ways to reduce engery consumption from transportation . 
  by expanding public transport for example .
