  the fuckers are overpopulated like crazy . 
  syria tripled it 's population since 1980 . 
  it 's only the start . 
  over 50 % of the nigerian population is under 14 for example . 
  egypt is one of the biggest food importers in the world . 
  oil has little to do with all of that . 
  it entirely depends if the influx of refugees continues or not . 
  unlikely . 
  the old president is still around to swear the new chancellor in so there are no obstacles from that direction and the conservatives and social democrats would certainly lose ground in a general election right now . 
  their best chance is to ride it out until the next elections and hope that the refugee situation has died down by then . 
  so i think the coalition will remain stable and there will be a new government under a new chancellor . 
  ireland is a tiny english speaking country with a low corporate tax . 
  they attract european headquarters of multinationals like shit does flies . 
  something like that is never going to be translatable to the industrial economies in the eu just like nobody can emulate luxembourg or monaco . 
  it 's a simpsons quote . 
  do sweden and norway have one ? 
   the uk has no desire for a border and never has . 
  well there is going to be a border simply for customs and stuff . 
  a militarised border is a different story . 
  whatever the reason for the 2 year dead line is it stated explicitly that any extensions can only be done unanimously . 
  maybe it 's just different legal traditions but continentals in general are n't strict letter of the law guys and generally frown upon loopholes . 
  the intent of the law is made pretty clear by giving the other member states a voice in the only alteration of the deadline that is explicitly mentioned and imho thereby extending that voice to all subjects that are implicit . 
  an unilateral withdrawal from the proceedings would run counter to that intent . 
  if i were to redesign the article i would explicitly bind a withdrawal from the process to a simple majority among member states or make the european parliament approve it . 
  everything else like being able to unilaterally step down or requiring an unanimous vote gives single members too much influence on the political stability of the union . 
  which is all fine and good but art 50 clearly contains a dead line and a provision to extending that deadline . 
  the intent is clearly for it to be nonrevokeable otherwise those two provisions would n't make any sense as revoking the invocation of art 50 and invoking it again would de facto be a unilateral extension of the deadline . 
  are saying anything or are you just stating facts ? 
  yes we are a german country , not state btw , yes hitler was born here ( so what ? ), 
  and anschluss would be nice but since we have the eu it 's not necessary anymore . 
  yet another thing where the uk failed . 
  i agree that there is nothing you could possibly add to that . 
  we just want what we are legally owed . 
  nothing more and nothing less . 
  you 're going to have to buy enough favors in the near future anyway . 
  i do n't see a reason why they should do someone a favor that 's going to start a fight over their bills and calls them names every other day . 
  the best way to treat someone like that is do to everything by the book . 
  there are legal reasons why you ca n't negotiate trade deals while you are still a eu member . 
  just pay your share of the pensions and other future commitments the eu made as long as you were members . 
  it 's not that hard of a concept . 
  you 're still part of the eu so parallel negotiations are unreasonable . 
  the moment you are n't a member anymore you can do whatever you want . 
  also just pay your bills like a grown up . 
  do n't be like the guy in your extended circle of friends that suddenly has to go to the toilet when it comes to paying the restaurant bills . 
  do n't make enemies of people that are your neighbors and can veto you in everything from wto to uno . 
  all you do is to display your ignorance and that 's not really our problem . 
  the forward planning was that there were to be two years to sort exactly those kind of things out . 
  any plan you would prepare in advance would have been long obsolete anyway by the time you needed it . 
  floods ? 
  because it completely replaced the indigenous niederdeutsch in those areas . 
  hochdeutsch comes from the south so they kinda got to keep their local languages leading to greater linguistic variety . 
  since your own domestic companies are competing on the global market you kinda have to do what everybody else does or it is a competitive disadvantage for them . 
  globalization is not a choice . 
  idk i have a feeling that it probably is n't a problem in tokyo . 
  english is vastly simplified . 
  so much that there 's the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/middle_english_creole_hypothesis, 
   we 're comparing countries as a whole not quality of life for individuals . 
  maybe you were i was n't . 
  and if it was n't for the us germany would have its own nukes . 
   hk was handed over because china had the hard power to back up their words and actually carry it out , argentina got humiliated because they did n't . 
  you handed over a quarter of the world after wwii and not just to china . 
  i 'm always up for a good nationalist bashing not matter which nation . 
  stupid blind allegiance to some imaginary clubs only holds us back . 
   i still fail to see how austria comes anywhere near the uk in economic power . 
  i was talking about being richer in terms of per capita . 
  why would anyone ever compare things on anything else than on a per capita basis ? 
  i thought you would get in on your own but after like 5 comments you 're still as clueless as ever . 
   germany is n't a first rate power on its own either , you 're deluded if you think the usa does n't have them by the balls too . 
  we all know who followed the us into iraq like a good little boy and who did n't . 
  germany has immense influence in the eu and in the world economy . 
  not everything is about hard power and cameron made it abundantly clear how much soft power the uk has left . 
  britain is a second rate power since the 1950s and that 's not going to change ever again . 
  and in this world if you are n't winning you are losing . 
  austria ca n't do shit but neither can britain . 
  look all you do is display your ignorance of anything outside your culture and a worrying lack of economic understanding . 
  you 're locked into your monolingual prison and tbh it 's not my job to get you out of there . 
  the point was that no european country outside of maybe russia and germany is a first rate power on it 's own . 
  whatever you need to tell yourself to keep feeling relevant . 
  anyway , welcome to ignore . 
   english speaking / anglo culture is the unquestionable dominant culture on the planet earth mate . 
  has been for quite a while now . 
  around the world you are learning our language as lingua franca and it is the anglo-sphere that sets the global political agenda . 
  you 're just confusing english culture with the us . 
   how on earth can you look at the english culture with anything but awe and wonder just wow . 
  what brand of glue are you huffing ? 
   do you think you 've earned the right to make jokes about that stuff lol what makes you think i need to have a right to ridicule clowns ? 
  but keep feeding my ego with your inferiority complex . 
  that was stupid even for an anglo . 
  is that some terrible copy pasta ? 
   the goddamned continent trying to destroy it to pieces lol . 
  lol is there anything on this world that is n't the fault of the eu ? 
  everything that 's not a superpower is irrelevant . 
  the uk ca n't do shit without the permission of the us . 
  neat video . 
  i never said that . 
  not quite because if i found some starving kid in africa i get zero return . 
  if i found polish or welsh industry i get new customers . 
  helping eastern europe grow makes us all richer . 
  relationships like china < -  us are not the same as relationships like austria < -  czechia . 
   qualifications : british clearly the highest qualification there is when it comes to culinary matters .
