  that 's completely meaningless . 
  what 's relevant is the international law . 
  and if the greek foreign ministry or ministry of justice is of the opinion that the greek ruling would n't hold up in an international court they would be stupid to let them confiscate anything . 
  becasue the next step after confiscation is that germany sues . 
  and if they win greece has to pay everything back plus the costs etc. 
  and if they refuse to pay anything back greek property all around the world can be confiscated . 
  only legally this time . 
   it does n't matter . 
  well it does matter because you said there was no context missing while there obviously is . 
  also if she says something in a private conversation it 's not the same as an official policy . 
  so to reiterate my question : do you have any more context that is n't covered by the blog articles or are you simply extrapolating from the single email ? 
  but two squares !, 
  those crazy serbs !, 
  and abruptly removing all crutches from a deeply uncompetitive industry had predictable results . 
  but the uk forced it while countries like germany kept on to their production based economies . 
  sure there also was a change in germany but not one as massive . 
  well they share a lot of history with austria . 
  yeah if that would have been anything like the su collapse all the prior growth would have been eradicated . 
  now it 's only slower growth . 
  growth on a higher level is always going to be slower if measured in relatives not absolutes . 
  that 's certainly a huge part . 
  high rates of improvement are reserved for poorly developed economies . 
  if germany manages to grow by 2 % its huge news if china grows that much people on wall street jump out of windows . 
  yes . 
  as a tradeoff slovakia is now called slovak republic . 
  in austrian its tschechien so i have no problem with it . 
  its similar to the difference between hungary and hungarian republic . 
  but germans heavily used the opportunity for investments in those nee member states . 
  well for older people its more than just being part of the eu . 
  when they grew up the warsaw pact was a completely different world . 
  creditcard and support in english boil down to preference and honestly i could n't give a shit about those things . 
  drivers are obligated to give you receipts , if you prefer them automatically via mail well then again that 's your preference . 
  same with driver rating and not trusting your driver . 
  i on the other hand do n't trust some american company with my data . 
  surge charges are completely incompatible with uberx anyway because unlike uberpop there is no freely scaleable pool of drivers and cars . 
  all it does is to reduce the number of people using uber 's service by pricing them out . 
  that 's only a solution to your personal problem not to the general problem that there are not enough taxis at that moment . 
  now that 's not preferences but just a bunch of lies . 
  again basically impossible to argue against with any depth . 
  what discussion ? 
  you just listed preferences tailored to fit uber . 
  i can hardly argue against your personal preferences . 
  if your argument is `` i like uber because it is uber '' well then the argument is over anyway . 
  that 's only proof that idiots will lap up everything if you throw an app at it . 
  on what basis do you say that when you do n't even know what it takes to run a taxi in austria . 
  you 're just regurgitating some bullshit you read online that 's absolutely not applicable to the situation at hand . 
  yeah you need a concession but those are n't limited at all and you can find the regulations easily online . 
  `` but my taxi medallions '' yeah were are not in new york . 
  but if you want to buy into the propaganda of how some american venture capital driven start up that 's takes way more of the revenue from the drivers than domestic phone centrals is somehow more efficient i guess it ca n't be helped . 
  some people just love to gargle with koolaid . 
   shy should i ? 
  because you say shit like  dinosaurs should die out and make room for more innovative services . 
  you are obviously clueless . 
  you really should look into what you need to run a taxi in vienna . 
  yeah but they still have to go directly to the depot and they do n't do that . 
  at least those were the complaints in vienna . 
  uber is very `` generous '' with the time it gives it drivers to return . 
  as i said they skirt around the edges of legality . 
   rental car services do n't do that in austria either . 
  well then try to get a price estimate on their website right now . 
  that 's right it does n't work right now . 
  so much for reliability . 
  uber pop is illegal . 
  uberx and black are just rental car services with professional drivers . 
  that 's something different . 
  but even there they skirt around the edges of legality because they would have to return to the depot between every customer as a rental car service which they do n't do . 
  not in my experience . 
  there are numerous eu regulations that have benefitted me directly . 
  without them we would still have our staterun internet monopoly and even worse internet . 
  same with electricity and natural gas providers . 
  or if i buy stuff in germany like from amazon.de and the bank order does n't cost extra fees or that i can pay with sofortueberweisung instantly . 
  all thanks to sepa . 
  or that i can return stuff that i bought online within 2 weeks . 
  also a eu regulation . 
  they classical business model is just straight up illegal . 
  there 's \u00dcberx in vienna which is a rental car service with drivers employed by \u00dcber which tries to bend the rules as much as they think they can get away with . 
  but the service where you can hire some random dude to drive you around with his car and some third party in the us cashes in 30 % for doing nothing is illegal because it violates all kinds of laws protecting employees and regulations for taxi businesses . 
  i guess the only reason that there even is a form of rudimentary service in vienna is so they can add one more country to their list even if it burns investor money without ever having a chance of being profitable . 
  also the only people using it in vienna are clueless tourists . 
  of course we are german . 
  swiss are culturally different enough that it becomes debatable . 
  did they ? 
  that 's just the atrocious audience of that subreddit . 
  i avoid it like the plague . 
  yeah . 
  if you look at voter distribution in vienna for example the middle class districts are all green or conservative . 
  our social democrats have completely lost touch with the working class . 
  and the fp\u00d6 is also really strong with voters from ex yugoslavia for example because they are the one that actually are that had to establish themselves in austria over the last 20 years and are threatened the msot by migrants . 
  frankly there is no need for gmo in europe . 
  there are less farmers every year and we use less land for agriculture than ever . 
  to play around with biodiversity for little to no gain and only to the benefit for a few giant corps like monsanto just is n't worth it . 
  making plants grow in somalia or anywhere overpopulated tat has to import food ? 
  sure , go for it . 
  but guess what ? 
  there 's no money in that so they do n't do it . 
  there 's only money in crops for the first world and all we get for that is more corn than anyone knows what to do with an diabetes epidemic because everything gets filled with hfcs . 
  if gmo would be a positive thing i would be all for it . 
  but it 's needles , distorts the market in favor of a few producers , produces giant monoculture highly susceptible to opportunistic parasites or diseases and so on . 
  the there 's the whole topic with agro exports and economies in the third world . 
  when rich farmers in first world countries can produce even more with expensive technologies it 's not their own saturated markets that are going to swallow the additional products .
