  see that happens if you guys spew out propaganda . 
  you push away the neutrals and the moderates . 
  yeah like the us design in fukushima . 
  you mean the aral sea ? 
  yeah but that was incompetence and not policy . 
  could have happened here too . 
  i 'm no expert on the soviet union but i can tell you that it was n't a big thing in europe unto the mid 80s . 
  at least in austria http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/occupation_of_the_hainburger_au, 
  i think you have some specific examples in mind when saying that . 
  yes eastern germany was fucking terrible but they happen to sit on giant coal seems and the west was hardly better . 
  oh come one that 's just the same shit the us does/did . 
  peace through strength . 
  in western germany people were protesting against the us at that time . 
  especially the pershing 2 was a hot topic . 
  it was n't any better in the west . 
  the whole environmental movement started in the 70-80s . 
  for example all the green parties were founded at that time . 
  it 's looks like every advertisement from that era . 
  it 's called crossposting and is encouraged . 
  as long as he 's giving credit to the artist there 's nothing wrong with it . 
  everybody polluted like crazy . 
  artikel on der spiegel from a few days ago . 
  look i 'm not an analyst i just said what the criticism of the other european countries was . 
  they see the greek projections as overly optimistic , at least too optimistic to be the basis of a reform program . 
  2.9 % is completely delusional according to most analysts unless you 're china . 
  it 's by no way small . 
  the greeks calculated their numbers with a growth rate of over 1.4 % for 2015 and 2.9 % for 2016 which was seen as completely delusional by most . 
  of course you can . 
  of to the guillotines with them . 
  nationalize everything they own and replace every mention of the `` queen '' or `` king '' with an elected president . 
  as an austrian i can assure you that castles and palaces attract tourists even without a reigning monarch . 
  i think france makes the same mistake other countries like the uk make by giving more thought to the next election then to the future of the union . 
  they give up european influence for national power . 
  a lot of merkel 's current political strength in the eu stems from the fact that she does n't really have to worry about her power at home . 
  germany reformed huge parts of its social system under merkel 's predecessor sparing merkel the need to do so herself . 
  now the tricky part for france is that they are in dire need of reforms and i guess the establishment knows that but implementing social reforms is basically political suicide . 
  so they 're trying to outsource that to the eu . 
  but if you disagree with the german position and then the german position gets realized although you took a public stance against it it makes you look weak . 
  sorry but those are things that nobody can `` prove '' and it heavily depends on the final form of a possible constitution . 
  we could break each nation state into multiple 5-10 million people regions with extensive rights for example . 
  but that 's all completely hypothetical and i 'm not politician enough to dish that out as truth . 
  i was just making a point that 's it 's silly to accept one distant government but reject another one out of a vague sense of xenophobia . 
  but it 's going to run into more and more problems . 
  they 're going to care just as much as national governments . 
   countries which wo n't really give a fuck what happens to wales as it 's a far off country with little significance to them again i do n't see how you think the current position is any better . 
  oh come one the eu has just as much stake in wales as westminster has . 
  for regions like catalonia , south tyrol and scotland the eu is a real chance . 
  but a eu federation does not mean less power for the regions . 
  it means less power for the national governments . 
  if anything a federal eu government can do a better job at impartial resource distribution than a national government . 
  not all the money has to go to paris , london or madrid . 
  could n't resist . 
  even muricans are n't that obeses that a single one qualifies as a nation . 
  maybe it would help if you would stop thinking in terms of countries . 
  why is what 's good for london good for wales ? 
  why do you defend the nation state ? 
  would n't you prefer city states ? 
  why is it good for scotland to be in a bigger union but bad for the uk to be in a bigger union ? 
  i 've never met a nation in person so i could n't ask . 
  because that onesided approach is unfair to the weaker countries . 
  sure you guys will use the purchasing power of italy and spain as a bargaining chip when it comes to trade talks with the us or china but when they need real structural help it 's suddenly none of your business anymore . 
  and yes i know that 's a bit hyperbolic but when it comes to things like that unified social and fiscal policies could do so much more and in the long run that 's good for everyone involved . 
  we are going to experience massive changes in our lifetime with more and more automation destroying jobs left and right and asian economies are going to start really to compete for resources not to mention what happens when african nations suddenly get their shut together . 
  all that is going to happen in this century and while it 's easy to get governments to agree on stuff that 's beneficial to them it 's much harder to get them to agree on something that 's not immediately beneficial to them . 
  a europe of two speeds really does n't work . 
  if the uk does not want a full federation then the sooner they leave they better it will be for everyone involved . 
  keeping the eu in that semi powerless state is only to the benefit of national governments not of the citizens of the eu . 
  of course in some countries the narrative that only what 's good for the powers that are is good for the people is still strong . 
  if you think the nation state as it is today is the future and that it will be able to handle all challenges alone you need to get your mind out of the 19th century . 
  well that map does n't include 1945 . 
  oh you already do with your tax dollar . 
  well it 's difficult in austria ... 
  well there are no such things as historical facts when it comes to labeling something . 
  was it a genocide or was it a civil war ? 
  you do n't vote on whether something happened but on what it constituted and how you treat it in discussion . 
  look at the situation palestine . 
  is the israeli policy there justified or is it the work of an apartheid regime ? 
  interpretation is just as important as the facts . 
  well it could have been badly worded in german . 
  by voting on it the parliament makes it their official stance . 
  voting on something is their form of expression . 
  well that 's not yours to decide anymore after you bound yourself to the leash last year . 
  or is it ? 
  and would you ? 
  if the question became eu or england , what would the answer be ? 
  for the time . 
  that 's exactly the reason for the low numbers in austria and germany . 
  something like 55 % of all 15 year olds are in an apprenticeship . 
  i have no fucking clue . 
  maybe it 's some long term projection that assumes extreme climate changes and the impact it could have on agriculture . 
  the article i linked mentions that germany uses 2.7 % of it 's water and that 's including industry . 
  germany uses under 3 % of its renewable fresh water resources . 
  source : http://www.spiegel.de/spiegel/a-719873.html, 
  but that 's one pretty simple thing to legislate and as i said already numerous times there is no reason to leave the market . 
  as a studio you either have access to a market or you do n't . 
  once the movie has been made it costs you 0 $ to let netflix distribute it . 
  you either get some money from europe or you get no money at all . 
  so i fail to say how the costs could ever outweigh the benefit as the costs are literally 0 dollars . 
  the only assets that the studio has is the ip . 
  that 's a purely virtual product that relies on the law to have any monetary value .
