  the voest was also horribly mismanaged in the 80s when it was still nationalised but today the produce twice as much steel per year with a quarter of the people . 
  steel is anything but low tech and the question was never to protect steel or get new industries . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  the uk did n't sacrifice steel plants and got high tech in exchange . 
  they just mismanaged their nationalised industries like every country with nationalised industries did but instead of privatising them sensibly they managed to completely destroy them in the process . 
  as to your first point ... there is no magic number of citizens a government can represent perfectly and interests do n't suddenly stop at state borders . 
  for any decision the uk government gets outvoted on in the eu it might only have 52 % at home anyway . 
  interests blocks are not homogenous . 
  just look at any family and you will find that dynamic on a microscale . 
  any government solely exists to override the preferences of someone . 
  the scale is completely irrelevant . 
  curious reading of what he said . 
  also the northern countries like the uk evidently have no fucking clue what 's good for the steel industry if you take a look of what 's left of their own . 
  no they were german troops from a bunch of german kingdoms or electorates like bavaria or saxony . 
  there were also imperial troops but those were raised all over the hre which btw has little to do with austria no matter the timeframe other that austria was part of it . 
  imperial forces were recruited from all over the hre although they were known as austrians . 
  but of course the besieged forces in the city also broke out turning the whole thing into a war on two fronts for the turks . 
  it was not only sobieski . 
  there were 27000 polish troops and around 40000 german ones . 
  i know the winged hussars look iconic but let 's not forget that the whole region contributed . 
  literally the first three words of my post . 
  the eu treaties , which you can look up for yourself btw , confer the eu exclusive competence over concluding and negotiating all trade treaties . 
  that aside should you really piss off one of your most important partners before you have to enter very important negotiations with them ? 
  all the legalese does n't matter in the end . 
  what matters is to not ruin your chances by meeting at a time when you are not supposed to meet . 
  the eu is has exclusive competence when it comes to doing trade talks for member states . 
  as long as the uk is a formal member of the eu it ca n't do trade talks without violating the eu treaties . 
  this includes any informal and preliminary talks . 
  and apparently the parliamentarians the article is referencing . 
  the uk can have as many trade talks as they want as soon as they leave the eu . 
  it 's not the eu that 's taking their sweet time with invoking art . 
  because we only used to get black tea because it lasts longer and it 's a fucking long way from asia to europe . 
  and that 's a, 
  it 's enough if they can do it just as well and have full access to the internal market . 
  they can probably be even worse as long as they are in the eu . 
  why did they use the the wrong flag for australia ? 
  also for austria the german questions are : warum sind die briten / why did/are the brits ... gegen die eu / against the eu ... so dumm / so stupid ... aus der eu ausgetreten / leave the eu, 
  sch\u00e4uble would be among the best things that could happen to the uk . 
  austrias economy was centered around the empire . 
  the center of industrialization was in bohemia because that 's where resources were , agriculture was heavily centered around hungary . 
  vienna was mostly a center for administration and education with little industry , the industrial cluster in upper austria was mostly germinated by the nazis who built the largest german tank factory in st. valentin to be out of the range of bombers . 
  the rest of austria was mostly piss poor because the alps are simply a bad place for people to do business in . 
  that 's sad . 
  but you just made it up because no one ever said that . 
  maybe in those countries . 
  never hear of it here . 
  i want them all hanged . 
  long live the republic . 
  brexit is a symptom of the millions of losers capitalism produces . 
  the eu had nearly nothing to do with it . 
  there are no rational arguments for a brexit . 
  the burqa is not just any piece of clothing and you know it . 
  adoption does n't produce children it just redistributes them . 
  waiting lists for couples seeking adoption are a thing so there 's no reason to introduce tools to encourage people to adopt . 
  `` w\u00fcrde '' in art . 
  1 gg is extremely ambiguous and open to interpretation . 
  you could easily make a case that being forced to cover yourself from head to toe is against human dignity . 
  sorry but if you find a name worth fighting over you are fanatic in my eyes . 
  rights i can get but labels , names etc. 
  are not worth fighting over . 
  english is a language and not a country . 
  it 's politically efficient . 
  calling it marriage is not a fight that 's worth fighting . 
  and despite what your opinion on the matter is even religious people have some rights to get their opinions heard . 
  the important stuff are the rights that you get through marriage when it comes to things like inheriting something or visitation rights in hospital . 
  the name of the institution that gives those rights is only relevant to fanatics on both sides . 
  that 's a bullshit argument because just because it 's tradition in your local version of some religion does not give you protection from the laws . 
  you ca n't mutilate the genitals of your kids just because it 's religious tradition . 
  religious freedom is not unlimted . 
  to be fair the only reason it makes sense for country to give tax benefits to married people is to get them to settle down and get some kids . 
  that 's kinda nonsensical when it comes to gay couples . 
  they simply should remove the tax benefits from marriage and tie them to having biological kids . 
  at the moment it 's a massive financial disadvantage to get kids and if you do n't get any you kinda profit from the work of other people that decided to get kids as their kids are the ones who will later pay your pensions . 
  yeah but why call it marriage then ? 
  civil union and marriage are the same in everything but the name . 
  the started out with a bit different right in both germany and austria but the courts rectified that piece by piece . 
  you may call that what you want but i will call it efficient legislation where you can get contentious issues done without expending too much political capital . 
  just saying that 14 is also the end of compulsory education in a lot of european countries . 
  i mean there are loads of european 14 year olds in apprenticeship programs . 
  everything that used to be in the empire kinda looks the same . 
  with some people i never wonder why something goes over their head . 
  you are one of them . 
  the pool you can recruit from is far more important than number of athletes sent . 
  also being more geographically diverse helps as does funding . 
  austria will always only be good in winter sports because that 's where the money goes for obvious reasons . 
  there 's not a single lie in that picture . 
  wow you 're a bad loser . 
  you can talk all you want you still wo n't be right . 
  the only relevant metric is medals per capita . 
  why not ? 
  yeah somebody better tell that the americans here on reddit when they go bragging about their medal contact after bringing way more athletes then most countries . 
  but olympia does not work with quotas . 
  you have to qualify . 
  i have stumbled black out drunk through every district in vienna way past midnight at one point or another without it ever being a problem . 
   vranitzkys do n't say bad words . 
  fuck you . 
  cases between 14 and 16 only get prosecuted after a legal guardian reports them . 
   the problem lies with male adults (  21 ) who live with young , < 16 girls , and declare themselves religiously married . 
  as long as she 's over 14 and the parents consent that 's also not a legal problem . 
  yeah but russian males have a life expectancy in the 60s mostly due to alcoholism .
