  big mistake if they do n't . 
  even a brief brexit has long term consequences . 
  reentry or even cancelling the current process means that the uk has to give up its eu privileges like the euro optout . 
  also a lot of the current position of the uk in the world of financial industry is a legacy of the trading relation the uk had with the countries of the former empire . 
  the main thing keeping the uk a financing hub is inertia . 
  once that inertia is overcome by other forces that historical advantage the uk has is gone forever . 
  also every single democracy locked up and killed people that fought against those democracies . 
  dictatorship does n't mean that there are n't political parties and oppositions . 
  he 's not the one writing the british economy off . 
  the brits did it themselves with that retarded brexit . 
  there was only one way brexit could possibly end and him pointing that out is not him wishing the uk to fail . 
  you have to use it while it is still flushing . 
  he got command because he was the highest ranking noble present . 
  if the emperor had been present he would have had command . 
  `` peruse again and again the campaigns of alexander , hannibal , caesar , gustavus adolphus , turenne , eugene , and frederick . 
  model yourself upon them . 
  this is the only means of becoming a great captain , and of acquiring the secret of the art of war . '', 
  in austria he gets completely overshadowed by eugen of savoy . 
  yeah sobieski had the nominal command of the troops because he was the highest ranking noble present but the majority of the troops came from the reich and prince eugen of savoy really sealed the deal by driving the turks back in the great turk wars that followed the lifting of the siege . 
  that 's why eugen was regarded by napoleon as one the seven greatest commanders in history and he was arguably the greatest austrian general of all time . 
  that would actually be eugen of savoy . 
  sobieski gets the credit because as the highest ranking commander present he got the nominal command . 
  the majority of the forces were german and the heroic resistance of the city itself gets usually completely overlooked . 
  once they reach italy it is too late . 
  preparing for possible problems is n't ridiculous . 
  pretending that there wo n't be a problem is . 
  people in tyrol are rightfully worried what 's going to happen when there is a sudden onslaught at the border and the northern countries decide to close their borders . 
  the k\u00f6lner dom was the tallest building in the world until 1884 . 
  that 's why they have to sell sparkling water . 
  the only time when i buy a bottle of still water is when i 'm in another city and just want a bottle to refill and carry around but that i can also just toss away when it gets in the way . 
  like on a summer day in vienna when i 'm on a visit . 
  we need sparkling water for g'spritzte . 
  because he 's british . 
  africa is on a different continental plate . 
  in austria they are currently allowed to deduct up to 39 $ per month for rent and up to 196 $ for food . 
  at least that what the homepage of the fieldworkers union says . 
  usually those workers get rooms and food and you can deduct a certain amount for that . 
  at least here in austria everything is painstakingly regulated . 
  debt is patient and interest is a thing . 
  paying budgetary obligations you already agreed to is n't going to guarantee a good deal . 
  it simply means you wo n't have unsettled debt . 
   we have every right to simply ignore the lesser , `` take take '' moocher nations and thier demands . 
  no you do n't and that 's the beauty of the eu . 
  iirc he was made the honorary citizen of some small town after 1938 and nobody ever bothered to revoke it until they checked one day . 
  that 's not quite the same . 
  that 's more along the line of using silver iodide to seed clouds which is a real thing . 
  just do yourself a favor and drive though the german countryside and compare it to the russian . 
  the difference is staggering . 
  oh please there are enough americans who live in trailer parks and that are glad to see money being spent on aircraft carriers instead on schools for their own children . 
  people that will brag about how many billionaire the us has while working two jobs to feed their family . 
  the czech , hungarian , slovenian , slovakian and austrian dna is very similar which is not that surprising . 
  yeah but he 's building dacias and not mercedes . 
  you 're not even from a nation state . 
  yeah but the whole reason to have a developed economy is to be able to build a car that 's worth 10 times as much in half the time . 
  if ranjid welds together a 200 $ car out of scrap in his backyard and it takes him 80 hours per week he simply is n't generating as much value as hans even if hans only job is to supervise 5 welding robots . 
  one of the main goals of the eu is to lower the hurdles that exist for doing business in another country . 
  its going to help a lot of people in border regions . 
   castrated i think you meant to say chastised . 
  i 'm sure one day you will be able to be proud of your home country . 
  in the mean time please keep your insecurities to yourself . 
  you 're just feeding into stereotypes about insecure nationalists/racists . 
  and spar austria has nothing to do with it . 
  why ? 
  the democratically elected and sovereign parliament of the uk has the power to do that . 
  every international treaty is a devolution of power . 
  spar is austrian . 
  he only bought the right to the logo sometimes in the 50 's iirc . 
  the head of the commission is appointed by the the council , which is made up by the elected representatives of the national governments and he has to be approved by the parliament . 
  the council also has to take the european parliament election results into account when proposing a candidate according to article 17 point 7 of the lisbon treaty . 
  juncker is president of the commission because he was the front runner for the eep which won the last parliamentary elections . 
  first of all the commission is elected and has to be confirmed by the elected parliament . 
  juncker is head of the commission because his party , the eep , won the last eu elections . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/juncker_commission the head of the commission has to be proposed by the council to the parliament taking into consideration the results of the last election . 
  [ point 7 of article 17 ] ( http://www.lisbon-treaty.org/wcm/the-lisbon-treaty/treaty-on-european-union-and-comments/title-3-provisions-on-the-institutions/86-article-17.html ) of the lisbon treaty . 
  the council itself is made up of the elected national governments . 
  second the eu ca n't just pass any law it wants but it has [ very strictly defined competences ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/template:eu_competences ) . 
  the eu can only impose laws in areas in which they have been explicitly allowed to do so by the member states . 
  every expansion of those competences has to be done unanimously by the member states . 
  i 'm just going to make an online platform where dealers can hook up with their clients and process their payments in that case . 
  i 'm pretty sure that he is aware but he also does n't care because he knows his audience is n't . 
  just common sense . 
  people are spiteful unreasonable bastards . 
  if you had ever opened a history book in your life you may have known that already . 
  as long as there is good will left everything is possible . 
  but things like threatening spain with war over gibraltar do n't earn you any sympathies . 
  why ? 
  in the end the british taxpayer is out of some money . 
  one way is just way more expensive and going to have longer lasting effects . 
  you do n't hang yourself over a parking ticket . 
  sure honey . 
  well how did you expect a brexit situation was going to end ? 
  ever wondered why everyone was saying it was probably the stupidest idea in the last 70 years ? 
  it was never going to be any different . 
  so has russia . 
  see how they have been doing in the last few years . 
   we 'll take hardship before we take paying anything to the eu now . 
  money is money . 
  how you lose it is irrelevant . 
  if you burn your house down to spite the bank you 're still in debt and you 're out of your house either way . 
  you do n't even want to know what a trade war would cost the uk .
