  the germans are only there because every other country is either unwilling or incapable . 
  of course the eu will deteriorate as long germany is forced to prop it up by itself . 
  they are strong but not that strong . 
  calls to an even closer union seem pointless when there are eu member that refuse to go even as far as we are today . 
  if capable member refuse the euro and if there is zero solidarity from the eastern countries if they would have to contribute for once like in the refugee crisis merkel is all we have and probably will have for a long time . 
  there are also wild emu populations in germany . 
  yeah and for a modest fee you may search for it . 
  i 'm sure you 're the one who will find it as you look exceptionally smart !, 
  what you have to keep in mind though is that the rental market in those cities is often vastly different and you can actually tell very little from those prices . 
  something like 70 % of all appartements in vienna for example are either owned by the city or one of a few public non profit organisations and never enter the free market . 
  95 % of all flats have capped rents and most people rent instead of buying their appartment . 
  the few that are available to buy do n't necessarily represent the general price level in a city . 
  there 's always someone just as qualified that does n't have any drawbacks at all . 
  yeah because what britain 's needs now is a brain drain . 
  you need facts to plan ahead . 
  that there are no facts is exactly the problem . 
  i ca n't plan a 5 year research project when i do n't know if funding g is going to stop halfway through . 
  sadly that 's not a very good basis for future plans . 
  i ca n't blame anyone who wants to play it safe instead if losing months or years of effort . 
  that 's exactly what the eu presidency should n't be . 
  to the benefit of one country . 
  yeah regulating that on a national level would cost probably 28 times as much and would be worse for trade . 
  there 's literally nothing to gain from that besides being able to regulate it in a way that makes your buddy , that happens to have a factory , a lot of money by regulating his competition away . 
  as will supermarkets that need to know that if they import class a produce from anywhere in the eu that it will adhere to a certain standard . 
  or how big a medium egg is and how it has been cleaned and if the chicken has been fed antibiotics and if it has been raised in accordance with local animal protection laws . 
  all that stuff had been regulated well before the eu . 
  maybe not always explicitly but basically every country at least had an industry standard for those things . 
   push to make it less central and more democratic . 
  do you have any idea what the eu actually does ? 
  90 % of the time when people complain about the eu being undemocratic it 's because it 's in an area that is n't an exclusive competence of the eu . 
  the problem is that the eu is not central enough . 
  that 's why some things seem undemocratic . 
  if germany tries to help greece within the existing framework they have no options to do that because there is no central fiscal competency and it has to be done on some wonky bilateral basis . 
  yeah just like everyone was from chechnia for a while . 
  the more people there are on earth and the more globalized news become the more you will hear of it . 
  if there were like 20 billion people around and everyone lived on the level of europeans there would be like a major plane crash every week or so . 
  yeah i do n't agree with that . 
  most money carries the face of some current or historical politician and european politicians simply do n't have the necessary status yet because the eu is not a state . 
  for me our cultural history is a symbol of our identity and legacy . 
  the shape of europe and the european stars are also pretty clear in what they represent . 
  well they are pretty universal european art styles . 
  i do n't get what 's funny about that . 
  art and architecture are not neutral and the chosen archetypes represent styles that can be found all over europe and only europe . 
  well except for the modern ones which can be found everywhere since european culture became the global culture more or less . 
  i also find the choice of bridges a particularly fitting one . 
  for a europe that has yet to overcome nationalism you could have made a lot worse choices . 
  you would n't be the first to choke on his own stupidity . 
  no it would not . 
  only a few commanders . 
  otherwise no coup ever would work . 
  the euro banknotes are n't neural . 
  they 're distinctly european . 
  you do n't need thousands up people you moron . 
  the soldiers jsut follow orders . 
  no coup ever involved every little soldier . 
  the common ground for europe is rome , christianity and humanism . 
  the daily lives of germans and brits is much more similar than that of south africans and brits . 
  they only have the language in common and for mostly monolingual brits apparently having multiple languages in europe is too much of a divide to span . 
  if german or france was mandatory in uk schools that would maybe help them to develop a sense of being european . 
  blaming the settlers on eu money is adventurous . 
  the only thing that is going to keep peace is prosperity . 
  what good does it do if the eu stops sending money ? 
  does growing discontent in the palestinians change anything at all ? 
  is another intifada the solution in your eyes ? 
  so should we occupy czechia because the sudeten had to leave ? 
  is that what you are saying , ? 
  the us support of the israeli occupation has been a source of a lot of hate against the west . 
  my guess is that erdogan staged that whole thing . 
  maybe feed wrong intel to a known group of trouble makers convinced them that there was more support in the military . 
  have loyal commanders incite a coup and then retreat . 
  blackmail , threats and back room deals . 
  in the end there was n't really that much military presence visible on live tv . 
  why ouch ? 
  not enough inbreeding for your taste ? 
  i assume you are aware how the revolution ended ? 
  the whole reign of terror thing and the rise of napoleon with war in all of europe and all that jazz ? 
  calm down margaret . 
  blaming their own politics on foreign influences got them into this mess now they might as well use the same tactic to get themselves out of it . 
  yeah because the most valuable company in the world does even notice the costs of a few lawyers . 
  do you think having access to the second biggest market in the world will make a difference ? 
  a market that represents a quarter of the global gdp . 
  that would leave competitors that are willing to comply with laws with quite a bit of room to grow . 
  and on what basis would they serve ads from amazon.de to european customers without contract ? 
  and how does the contract with amazon.de work ? 
  are they just going to leave the money in a brown paper bag near a trash can ? 
  you are aware that google 's business is not being a search engine but being an ad provider ? 
  what you as a user may or may not do is not as relevant as what their ad customers will do . 
  ad customers that want to target the european market or are based there . 
   the uk has always been doing very well until 2008 yeah except for the 70 's 80 's and 90 's . 
  how does that help you ? 
  those customers are after the 450 million customers in the eu and therefore have to conform with eu regulation . 
  that does n't affect countries outside the eu at all . 
  what good would that do without access to the european market ? 
  might as well go to morocco . 
  clean brakes do n't happen all that often . 
  austria changed systems quite a bit while remaining its own legal successor for the most part and retaining the main body of law . 
  more expensive necessities hurt the poor disproportionately more . 
  there 's a difference of the impact when you either you have spend 1 % of your income on food or 30 %, 
  but if you import a lot of food etc from the continent it 's not going to hurt the rich people the most . 
  russia is under sanctions and that would be not justified for the uk .
