  the only country that was attempted to be fixed in the iraq war was the us . 
  what 's needed is a european process for refugee distribution . 
  screen them in hungary or wherever they arrive and then distribute them around they eu and ship them back whenever the conflict ends . 
  just because someone parked a truck full of dead people just behind our borders does not mean it has much to do with us . 
  if they us did n't fuck up iraq those people would n't have never been driven from their homes by isis . 
  turns out that firing the entire iraqi army was a pretty stupid move . 
  except for economic refugees . 
  considering that 43 % of the current refugees that arrive in germany are from the balkan and countries like albania , kosovo or macedonia it wo n't change much at all . 
  besides that if they only wanted to get to safety why go all the way to austria or germany and not just stop in one of the numerous countries in between that are n't at war ? 
  you can draw your conclusion from the fact that they found 20-50 bodies ... 
   since when does `` political consensus '' equal `` facts '' ? 
  because there are no single `` facts '' . 
  there 's a multitude of facts and how you value each one of them is a matter of opinion . 
  the political process weighs the facts against each other in search for a solution that is fitting for the society as a whole . 
   should we conserve old structures or should we increase efficiency by less family ownership and corporate streamlining ? 
  is an example of such a weighing of interests against each other . 
   and you are free to think so , but you ca n't expect other people to adapt to your personal vocabulary . 
  `` barren '' indicates land that ca n't sustain vegetation , not `` land that is n't used the way i 'd like it too '' . 
  land reclaimed from agriculture to other uses is n't barren . 
  do n't argue semantics on a / r/europe . 
  the flag next to my name indicates that english is n't my first language . 
  please respect that . 
  in german `` urbar '' which translates to arable specifically means land used for production and `` brach '' means not agriculturally used or used for buildings . 
  the point , which i 'm sure you got , is that we would use cultivated land and in case of a needed increase in production we would have to reclaim it a process that 's less flexible than using other methods as it requires more effort than changing crops . 
  we can increase yields in multiple ways , no that we needed or wanted to , so what makes gmos the superior way of all those options ? 
  what 's the social benefit of all those changes ? 
  what are the long term implications of a social change in rural areas , of dying villages and deserted farm houses ? 
  of a concentration of food production in only the most profitable regions ? 
  what 's going to happen to the austrian alps if mountain farmers are forced out of business ? 
  what are the implications for tourism in the area ? 
  it 's not as simple as gmos are better in one metric so we have to adopt them . 
   until we 've established which of our two opinions is factual and important , i guess we are both going to express ours . 
  or we just look at the current status quo and we will see what the political consensus on that topic is . 
  and that is subsidies and avoiding corporate structures for our food supply . 
   arguing against one specific item of regulation does n't mean being against regulation in general . 
  sure but why start at gmos when there is so much more you could do to raise yields without them ? 
  there 's no need to surrender our food production to us companies . 
  different structures in agriculture could have similar effects . 
  less family ownership and more corporate streamlining could increase efficiency without the need of gmos . 
  for me gmos are a way to even further increase yields in an already efficient system and are not the first choice simply because there not enough companies and there 's very little competition , there is little long term experience with them etc. 
   land can be reclaimed from agricultural use to forest or other uses , the only alternative is n't leaving it barren . 
  that 's more or less the same to me . 
  the point is that you use arable land and flexibility by doing so . 
  feeding its people is one of the absolute core things a country does . 
  people often forget but germany was the biggest food importer in the world at the beginning of the 20th century and the disruption of imports through the british sea blockade in wwi cost 800k people there their lives . 
  public investment in agriculture is an investment in national security . 
  when hitler was talking about `` lebensraum '' he was talking about arable land and the whole discussion was held before the background of those experiences . 
  it 's not something where you want to operate at maximum efficiency because other aspects like price stability and conservations of old structures have higher priority . 
  you need a certain level of overproduction to stabilize prices worldwide and you want to keep food production as local as possible . 
  those are cornerstones agricultural policymaking . 
  your personal opinion on that subject is completely unimportant . 
  of course we could probably save money if we import all our food from the us because that 's the logical endpoint of a completely deregulated and unsubsidized market . 
  strategically that would be a terrible decision and it would potentially drive food prices up worldwide . 
  or we could simply employ the american farming model here with big farming corporations owning all the land or farmers that are being kept in debt with exploitative contracts . 
  we could bet rid of all the family owned farms for the sake of efficiency so we can leave some more land barren . 
  china , middle east , pakistan , africa . 
  those are political decisions with all kinds of different reasons . 
  producing too much food and then throwing it away is completely inconsequential . 
  some fuel is wasted that 's all . 
  on the other end if there is ever a bad year and food suddenly gets scarce then there 's riots all over the world e.g. 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2007%e2%80%9308_world_food_price_crisis that kicked off the arab spring . 
  the thing is as long as we can easily scale up production over area used because we have land that is n't used to 100 % there is no need for new technology . 
  especially not one that is n't supported by domestic companies and that carries some potential risk and be it just the fact that it encourages giant monoculture that are then more susceptible to opportunistic parasites or whatnot . 
  it 's miles away from homeopathy . 
  european farmers do n't need more yields . 
  prices are shit because they produce too much already and more and more land is left barren . 
  exporting to e.g. 
  african countries ruins the local economies not that european farmers could ever compete with the sheer amount of arable land that is available in america for example . 
  all it would lead to is more farmers giving up , more arable land being wasted and not necessarily more money for the farmers that survive given the higher material costs . 
  it 's a solution to a problem we do n't have right now . 
  that 's what happens to all decadent cultures . 
  with poland acting as the semipermeable membrane ? 
  that 's just circumventing a stupid law . 
  a blood test could always offer a correct value . 
  criminalizing everyone who had one beer for lunch and then letting the police decide who they are going to actually fine is just stupid . 
  german humor is hard to translate that 's all . 
  we do n't do slapstick . 
  austria and germany are like greece and rome in the roman empire . 
  germans are there for warfare and building roads and austria 's part is culture and sexual deviancy . 
  famous german sense of humor strikes again . 
  i 'm sure you would post a picture of austrian culture if you could spot culture . 
  [ german `` culture '' north of bavaria . 
  ] ( http://media1.faz.net/ppmedia/aktuell/2516131508/1.1863139/default/vokuhila.jpg ), 
  adding 2 extra . . at the end of your sentence does not make your claims any more valid . 
  germany was heavily opposed to the idiocy that was the iraq war and the intervention in libya the two main causes of this shitfest . 
  german weapons exports to saudi arabia and elsewhere have nothing to do with the current situation . 
  but that can be best helped by making prostitution as visible as possible in germany . 
  banning prostitution will only lead to worse conditions as it pushes it away from the state and from any meaningful intervention . 
  have them register and pay taxes , have them obtain licenses and fine those without one , insure them and give them healthcheck ups . 
  because under the swedish model any form of paid sex is illegal . 
  it 's not only morally corrupt because it only punishes one party of two consenting adult parties it is also rather ineffective because for it to work the prostitute has to rat out her own customers killing her business herself . 
  that 's the reason that there have hardly been any convictions under the law . 
  they pushed it completely underground . 
  and who says they did n't offer just that ? 
  we only see the endpoint of what probably was a drawn out process . 
  at least i 'm fairly certain that they did n't just show up with a sizeable amount of people completely unannounced and without prior interaction . 
  so what ? 
  the netherlands and ireland are even worse in percentage of gdp and nobody ever moans about them . 
   is n't it the same thing as on the street in the middle of the city ? 
  no it 's not and you know it .
