  that 's not what he said . 
  he said the uks contribution to the eu budget are equal to 0.03 % of the eu gdp . 
  i am altering the deal . 
  pray i do n't alter it any further . 
  the bad history comment was just lazy and destructive . 
  there 's no need for you to try to sweep in and defend it with something completely unrelated . 
  you are arguing a point that has never been made . 
  look it 's just easier for people to dismiss stuff than to think about it . 
  just stop it with the lazy dismissive comments . 
  ireland has already been split by real imperialists . 
  i doubt that any prime minister would n't have followed the us . 
  yeah and when the uk ran the world they could do whatever they wanted . 
  apples and oranges . 
  you ca n't compare china and the uk when it comes to international importance . 
  i just do n't like whiners with a persecution complex . 
  you are also a staunch british patriot with a tummy full of kool aid but at least it comes from some sort of misguided exceptionalism . 
  yeah yeah hail britannia and stuff . 
  yeah . 
  you got it just right . 
  nothing else you said could have possibly influenced what i said . 
  better leave this nasty place full of evil scheming europeans . 
  nationalistic egos sure bruise easily . 
  no please stay !, 
  lol, 
  poor little persecuted brits . 
  grow a spine . 
  just eat some r\u00f6sti and shut up . 
  first you import people and then they vote the way you want ? 
  hurting your own economic interests because of them is already pretty far . 
  yeah i 'm not big into nationalistic myths . 
  we kinda had some bad experiences with that . 
  but the average person in wallonia has probably more in common with a welsh person than a londoner . 
  you just didnt take it a step further . 
  yeah but they convinced themselves that the uk would fare better whiteout the eu in the long term and that was never going to happen . 
  everyone as talking about `` toughing out a few bad years '' . 
   this is a reason i understand and is sensible as long as the downsides are understood . 
  not everyone favours europes growing influence . 
  it 's still a stupid reason . 
  if you are n't a member of the ruling elite of a country it does n't matter . 
  all eu members are similar enough to each other that their interests mostly align . 
  a person in london has more shared interests with a person in paris or berlin than he has with someone from wales . 
  that reasoning only makes sense if you buy into nationalistic myths . 
  and they were right . 
  if we still had the life style of the 1950 's maybe 10 % of the people would be working . 
  or everyone would be working for a few years . 
  the main function of the economy is to produce the stuff we need to live and to make life a little easier . 
  growing the economy in the last 70 years meant producing more useless shit . 
  every family has at least two cars . 
  you could get a new phone almost every month . 
  we are inventing useless jobs like hairdressers for dogs just to keep the people busy and the system afloat . 
  all that has an impact on the environment . 
  dog hairdressers still have to use a car to get to work . 
  new phones have to be shipped around the world . 
  the question you have to ask yourself at some point is if that is worth it . 
  humanity as a whole has to ask that question especially with exploding population numbers . 
  i fully expect each and everyone of us to get less stuff in the future but more free time . 
  capital is even more mobile than robots . 
  you also do n't need a great deal of economic literacy to see that a robot tax would n't work within the current system . 
  you also do n't need a great amount of foresight to see that our current system is at an end within 100 years . 
  in the last century we simply offset any efficiency gains by growing the economy . 
  in the future that 's not possible anymore because we are already at the limit what our biosphere can handle . 
   they 're often low-skilled , manual labour , and today 's youth wo n't be rushing into them you forgot relatively well paid . 
  a shift worker with a few years can earn 30-40k a year depending on bonuses . 
  for austria that 's pretty decent considering our relatively high level of taxation . 
  i 'm also not saying that it 's bad just that people underestimate the extent to which it has already happened . 
  you vastly underestimate the extent of the automation that has already happened . 
  the steelplant in my town produces twice the amount of steel today it did in the 80 's with less than a third of the people . 
  the next 20 years are going to see enormous changes . 
  computer chips are still getting smaller and therefore cheaper , networking gets faster , wireless gets faster , storage gets cheaper and so on . 
  capitalism in this form wo n't survive the century . 
  and the people there wo n't become jobless ? 
  automation is a global problem as long as trade is global and there is not going to be a shift back from that . 
  to reduce it to that is stupid . 
  yes it 's the successor to the vdu but it 's also the traditional home of austrian liberals since the 70 's . 
  the liberal part splits itself from the party ever so often like with the lif in the 80/90 's or to some extent the bz\u00d6 in the 2000 's . 
  it 's also worth noting that their official stance has n't been as far right as the afd for a long time . 
  they supported austrias eu membership for example in 94 . 
  hence why i said mountainous and not alps ^ ^ there are some really low density parts at the border of czechia and lower austria for example that are also above 1000m . 
  it also includes a ban on unification with germany . 
  and the treaty of st. germain . 
  on the other hand maybe you should do something if such an occurrence happens often enough to be noticed . 
  at least switch to heavier barrels or something or do something organisational like including a few more heavy weapons . 
  or just better training . 
  which of course is a ridiculous statement . 
  the casus belli is seldom the real reason for the war . 
  on a way bigger scale the defining conflict of europe that manifested itself in several wars is the conflict about german unification and the resulting imbalance of power in europe . 
  and in the end what set the stones in motion was napoleon and the republican ideas he brought with him . 
  we 're like the jamaica of germany . 
  the only reason austria is n't a part of germany is fear of a german hegemony in europe . 
   half of the country is mountainous . 
  it 's really more like 2/3rds . 
  that 's why we have a rather low population density . 
  in german it 's called a flachsp\u00fcler and the main advantage is indeed being able to contemplate your `` business '' . 
  you would expect nothing less from a scatological obsessed people like the germans . 
  yeah but the complaints were real . 
  but you ca n't just use a thin barrelled assault rifle in lieu of an lmg . 
  clearly you have never talked to poles . 
  usually heat just speeds up any chemical reaction . 
  what you want is a dry climate . 
  stainless steel is like 20 % chromium which makes it rather quite expensive .
