  wow hold your horses stefan raab was pretty great in the 90s and early 2000s . 
  same with this video here . 
  it plays with german stereotypes of the british and is intended for a german audience . 
  it 's shock humor . 
  it only kinda works because it has some aspects of stereotypes that german people have against the british but turns them up to 11 . 
  it is subtle in a way . 
  do n't forget that it 's targeting a german audience not a british one . 
  we could n't export all of them to the us but we certainly tried . 
  in austria you only have to announce it to the authorities 24 hours in advance . 
  failure to do so can be fined with up to 720 $ . 
  i got ta pick austrian . 
  we have some of the best parts of central europe because people from all over the monarchy brought their stuff to vienna . 
  other than that italian and everything between vienna and istanbul . 
  yeah but you get some of the best parts of hungarian food in austrian food . 
  filter them . 
  [ german video but you should get the graphics . 
  in what fantasy world is there super cheap labour in europe ? 
  that 's why you have to filter the smoke . 
  well you probably still have landfills just as we do but you only dump the ashes just as we do . 
  most germanic countries do n't allow for straight landfilling and it has to be burned first . 
  everyone burns trash . 
  [ here 's a map of countries where dumping trash without incineration is illegal . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2f/deponieverbote.svg ), 
  you also have to burn the waste . 
  [ straight dumping is illegal in these countries . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2f/deponieverbote.svg ), 
   you treated jews . 
  how to ensure i do n't take anything you say seriously 101 . 
  of course it is a sensible solution . 
  do you think so many people would come if there was a risk that they would be stuck in romania ? 
  ukraine is not eu nor is it nato . 
  nobody is going to start a war about that . 
  fuck eastern europeans crying for solidarity and then they refuse any help with refugees and block every attempt at a sensible solution . 
  no what about taking a few refugees ` ? 
  you are out of your mind if you think there will ever be a war between nuclear powers . 
  in short the current german flag is the rebuplican flag . 
  sorry but attacking a eu and nato country is something completely different . 
  if anything the us sat on their asses during the ukraine crisis as they guaranteed the ukraine 's safety . 
   it would probably be just us , the poles , the americans and the brits . 
  if what ? 
  if russia attack romania or what ? 
  are you high ? 
  do you think germany and france would sit just idly by if a european country is attacked ? 
  ukraine is something different . 
  do n't act like it 's an unsolvable problem . 
  an island has obvious advantages . 
  all he 's saying an orderly system would be to the benefit of everyone . 
  but as any map will tell you the possessions of austria in the mediterranean are rather limited so all he can make is vague statements . 
  but they are a lot larger than naru . 
  well he can hardly make concrete statements about an italian island . 
  austria has no islands in the mediterranean . 
  not regulating it to an arbitrary cut off that just happens to be just above the power consumption of one competitor is hardly favouring anyone . 
  if you have to distort the market through regulation to be able to compete maybe you should spend more money on r&d and marketing and less on lobbying . 
  just read the vacuum guys ama on reddit and what he thinks of dyson and why he mostly recommends miele . 
  oh so he wanted to regulate competition away . 
  the problem with lower wattage vacuums is that they suck because they do n't suck . 
  lol it 's always child porn . 
  how about they actually do something about paedophiles instead ? 
  i do n't think anybody would be suicidal enough to vote for austria to leave . 
  without the free trade zone our economy would tank completely and a norway situation would leave us with less influence than we have now without adding any benefit . 
  like literally zero . 
  that does n't mean that some right wing assholes would n't campaign for it . 
  yeah that 's why i would welcome the uk leaving because all it is is an american proxy . 
  that would be against the european declaration of human rights and without those you still ca n't join european council . 
  that would be way more than just leaving the eu . 
  i think the only european contr that is n't in the european council and has n't ratified the human rights convention is belarus . 
  if the uk wants to join the ranks of the last dictatorship in europe ... 
  a rejection of the lisbon treaties is not the same as a rejection of the eu . 
  of course the only way a fin can imagine being alive is either stoned or drunk . 
  you guys need more sun . 
  yeah a lot is left to the discretion of the police . 
  but that 's what 's supposed to happen if it comes down to the worst . 
  if i can enter a shop and buy weed it is essentially legal . 
  probably the same as it was in austria where police would warn people and the state attorney 's would n't go after the small fish most of the time . 
  decriminalized means that you wo n't land in front of a judge or in jail . 
  in austria for example you will still have to enter a detox program and therapy sessions . 
  that food is almost certainly imported . 
  now way that local african producers can keep up with us rice prices . 
  just look at what they eat . 
  half a sack of rice , half a sack of lentils and half a sack of chickpeas i would guess . 
  and about a liter of oil and some spices . 
  if you buy that here in bulk it will cost you more but you would probably stay below 10 $ . 
  at that 2 cartons of cigarettes in the background ? 
  the poorer countries all lack the processed foods that make up the majority of the variety in the richer countries . 
  the anglo saxon countries in particular love their fructose injected junk food in gaudy plastic wrapping . 
  as a young brit i would be furious . 
  when he said that they were n't taking any jobs . 
  lol yeah because your pensioners get 30k $ per year . 
  if that 's true then i know what your real problem is and it 's not the eu or immigrants . 
  ca n't see them getting citizenship without any effort to integrate . 
  sound like typical immigrants too me . 
  too lazy to work and no effort to integrate . 
  oh you will read about taxi drivers or jewelers shooting robbers once or twice every year or so . 
  when i was in the bundesheer i was guarding the austro-slovakian border and was offered multiple ak 's from their border soldiers but my officers would n't let me buy one ... 
  at least you can get a gun for self defense here . 
  the german speaking countries have one of the lowest homicide rate worldwide . 
  [ got ta love your handgun laws . 
  ] ( http://www.thefirearmblog.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/taurus-660x304.jpg ), 
  funny how germany , austria and switzerland have one of the lowest rates despite a sizeable amount of guns . 
  they still pushed some meaningful reforms through in that time like new immigration laws .
