  if you adjust for purchasing power it 's $ 26k to $ 45k between the czech republic and germany according to google . 
  in any way it 's around 45-55 % . 
  not that a few percent up or down matter . 
  not outright poor anymore but they still earn substantially less than their direct western neighbors . 
  sure but the czech wage * standard is still < 50 % of the german or austrian standard . 
  for internationally distributed films that 's important although the czech and hungarian era in porn is over anyway and it 's mostly russians and ukrainians now . 
  edit : * clarification, 
  the prettiest ** poor ** girls . 
  the thing is every external influence pales in comparison to decades of exploitation through homegrown dictators . 
  neither ireland nor poland existed well into the 20th century . 
  so no they were n't recognized . 
  haiti is by far the worst and the dominican republic on the same tucking island has 10 times the gdp . 
  so what ? 
  other countries had it pretty rough too . 
  when a million people died of hunger in ireland they were already independent for 50 years . 
  when poland was torn apart and violated in wwii they were already independent for 150 years . 
  i think it 's time to look for internal reasons . 
  some countries have constitutions to worry about . 
  it 's not about ignoring the rules it 's about how difficult it is to transpose something into national law . 
  if you do n't have a constitution like the uk does i suppose that 's simply easier . 
  for example the mass data retention laws that the uk begged the eu to implement were at total odds with the austrian constitution and privacy laws . 
  so it took forever to come up with some compromise in austria that was constitutional or at least had some chance of not being struck down . 
  as soon as the guideline was finally implemented a shit ton of people sued in austria and as an end result the whole guideline was struck down in court on a european level last year . 
  it 's more a matter of the political process in those countries . 
  for example italian courts move at a glacial pace for various reasons and their governments have a shorter expiration date than american bread . 
  at least according to wikipedia life means at least 20 years in hungary . 
  you do realize that in a lot of european countries life sentence means something like 15 years ? 
  at least in austria you have to spend at least 15 years and after that you get released if you have a good prognosis . 
  average prison time after a life sentence in germany is around 15-20 years . 
  some raf terrorists received sentences like 5 times life and were released after 24-26 years . 
  in fact germany a real life sentence is unconstitutional . 
  it entirely depends on the country and the treaty . 
  in austria some treaties are on the same level as the constitution e.g. 
  austrians membership in the european union or the european convention on human rights which are both international treaties and part of the austrian constitution . 
  still if a head of state makes stupid statements like that you kinda have to comment on it . 
  in austria 99 % of all employees are covered by the system and 95 % are paid according to their collective contract . 
  there are some concessions to smaller businesses such as no requirement to have a worker council if you have under 10 employees . 
  also all those contracts do is to set the required legally binding minimums for all the workers in that field . 
  businesses and employees are legally required to be in their respective unions , they get to vote on their representatives and those representatives meet every year to raise wages etc. 
  if you have small business you get to vote in those elections and you have to fulfill the minimum requirements set by the collective contract . 
  12 % is n't that big . 
  that 's the same as die linke . 
  yeah your nationalistic agenda is the way of the future . 
  if we could learn just one thing from the 20th century it 's that nationalism is a guarantee for peace and stability as well as economic prosperity . 
  basically all rankings are based on publications and american universities are great places for science . 
  german universities are great places for learning . 
  there 's almost no way to rank quality of learning and teaching . 
  the advantage the us system has is that there is an awful lot of tuition money that can fund research projects at universities . 
  in germany that same science takes places at various institutes that are outside the universities , like max planck or frauenhofer , with funding from the industry and through the government or at the companies themselves . 
  hence the hugh number of patents . 
  in large parts those rankings simply check how american shaped the whole academic system is . 
  it 's less about the systems and more about the structure of the economy . 
  if you produce a lot of stuff you file a lot of patents . 
  same in austria . 
  we have no federal mpminimum wage but 95 % of all workers are covered by a collective contract and have a minimum wage in their field if work negotiated between the unions and the employers in that field that is binding for all companies n that field . 
  do n't watch paradies : liebe then . 
  hundstage or muttertag . 
  also `` das fest des huns '' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aszg4qdriog a satirical look on the the documentaries done on african countries . 
  an african television team explores the wild rural austria . 
  ~ 30 % of all inhabitants of vienna were n't born in austria 570k of 180k . 
  only about 50 % of all inhabitants were born in vienna . 
  the thing is that our socialist government in the 90s failed to handle the situation leading to the rise of right wing parties . 
  so how you modulate the relation between immigrants and natives is something you have to take seriously . 
  well he said sweden had the highest absolute numbers . 
  you naturalized 26k people . 
  9 % of the population in germany are immigrants . 
  that 's 8 million people . 
  i do n't think i have to add anything to that . 
  you could naturalize people at that rate for hundred years and still would be at a quarter of the non naturalized rate of germany not to mention that germany naturalizes 25k people per year itself . 
  also here in austria we naturalized 45k per year until nee laws put an end to that in 2003 and most asylum seeker from the yugoslavian war had been naturalized by that point anyway . 
  the point is that the situation in sweden is not extraordinary while the failure in the education system is . 
  do you have any numbers at all ? 
  people are granted citizenship everywhere . 
  [ no you do n't . 
  ] ( http://www.katoikos.eu/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/european_migration_network-2012.png ) at least i have n't found a single source that puts sweden anywhere other than the lower third of immigrant population in percent in europe . 
  well obviously other oecd countries have less troubles with integrating their immigrants into the education system and keeping the system fair for more people as the trend is sweden exclusive while immigrants are certainly not . 
  same in austria . 
  bad unions are bad and good unions are good . 
  in austria the union system is working . 
  at least we are n't that bad economically with high employment rates throughout the recent recession and that in a situation where 95 % of all workers are covered by a collective work contract . 
  yeah . 
  german should be enough . 
  a chart without labels anywhere is anything but helpful . 
  i 'm not the one with an agenda buddy . 
  i just get a rash when americans tray to call someone out for pollution . 
  sorry but americans trying to call someone out on pollution is just too bizarre for me . 
   is crime against humanity yet the people in the region continue to do it 25 years after the fall of the soviet union . 
  and whataboutism matters when you try to spin a tale that one ideology is worse than the other one . 
  the thing is while nothing a positive we in the west were n't any better . 
  the aral sea dried up becasue they used and continue to use the water for agriculture . 
  a certain us state and current events come to mind . 
  i do n't want to defend those actions i just find it intellectually dishonest to blame the soviet ideology for it . 
  those actions were a product of their time and of putting economical interest before environmental interests something we know all to well in the west . 
  nazis had a certain romantic ideal of germany . 
  it comes from the german idea of `` heimat '' . 
  fact is it happened . 
  i know you guys get a hard on for nuclear power but it does carry certain risks and freak accidents can occour . 
  here are all the us nuclear power plants at risk from earthquakes . 
  http://www.greenpeace.org/usa/resizes/originalwatermarked/global/usa/planet3/photos-nukes/seismic.jpg besides that the point was that chernobyl was the result of a botched experiment and not a result of bad design or of soviet policy . 
  jesus christ i ca n't belive you guys force me to defend the soviet union .
