  nobody at the top of the leave campaign believed that they would win to the point where they did n't even make any plans for the case they would win . 
  they all thought common sense would prevail , that the people could n't possibly be that stupid . 
  farage could n't admit defeat fast enough . 
  the national governments created the euro . 
  not the eu . 
  they chose to create a monetary union without a fiscal union . 
  not the eu . 
  the eu is not the sum of its memento states . 
  people have no clue what the eu is . 
  they expect the eu to handle all the fires in europe but they wo n't hand it the fire extinguisher . 
  it 's the incompetent national governments that fail to handle their problems and that then go on to blame the eu that are the biggest problem in europe . 
  it 's not about punishing the uk . 
  it 's just that if the uk gets to leave while retaining full market access the the value proposition for net paying members simply is n't there anymore . 
  free make acess has to cost something otherwise nobody is willing to pay for it and without money to distribute poorer countries have no reason to open their markets . 
  free movement is part of that cost . 
  the moment the uk gets anything out of this vote the eu is dead while standing . 
  every disagreement is going to lead to votes in other countries . 
  with 27 members we can have someone going every 5 years for the next 150 years . 
  that 's constant uncertainty and that 's going to wreck the european economy . 
  it has to be a clean and fast cut and it has to keep the value proposition of the common market alive . 
  and there can be no turning back now otherwise we face the same situation all the time . 
  the eu can only face them poorly because it lakes the necessary tools to face them probably . 
  look at the competences of the eu . 
  all the things you mentioned are outside the scope of the union . 
  you ca n't be against a closer union and argue stuff that had failed because the union is not close enough . 
  if the union could decide the fiscal policy of greece there would be more help but they ca n't and that 's why it has been such a shit show with the greece government going back and forth on agreements . 
  yeah if the eu was a state it would be a failed one . 
  but it is not a a state and it is not equipped to handle the stuff states handle daily . 
  those parties stand for way more than euroskepticism . 
  since it seems that you have no clue what you are talking about i suggest that you take these sites as a starting point and slowly work your way through it https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_lisbon if there are still any questions left after that i would be glad to be of help . 
  ah the good old times when national interest reigned supreme . 
  uncertainty is poison for investments . 
  ca n't send them back if they become citizens . 
  if there is a difference of only 30k votes then the results better be bombproof . 
  yeah but their kids grew up in austria and they will stay here . 
  austria took in 90k refugees from bosnia and 60k stayed . 
  other times far less stayed but it depends . 
  during the prague spring 160k came to austria and 16k stayed , similar numbers a decade earlier during the hungarian revolt . 
  the most troubles are caused by chechens of which currently 30k are staying in austria . 
  not really . 
  from the 90k austria took in 60k stayed . 
  austria took in even more per capita . 
  nah the influence of the uk is permanently damaged either way . 
  and then they are out . 
  brilliant move i know . 
  well you wo n't get your rebate so not everything is going to stay the same outside your loss of influence . 
  just get rid of the british rebate and watch how long it takes for the uk to leave . 
  suspend their voting right while you 're at it . 
  there 's ways to make people go . 
  not the whole uk . 
  you only get to pick from one candidate per party for parliament either . 
  all those people have been appointed . 
  the prime minister only has his job because he was appointed by his party . 
  why is it suddenly a problem when it comes to the eu ? 
  in stark contrast to the impotent provocation from you . 
  that 's what everyone with an ounce of credibility said . 
  well curry comes from the commonwealth just like the majority of all the scary brown people so you 're going to keep both . 
  it would be interesting to see if the average brit could even spot a pole on the street . 
  might as well double down now and vote ukip . 
  last of his party . 
  well duh . 
  civil law is superior anyway . 
   separating london from england would make brexit look like a walk in the park . 
  thank god thatcher already laid the groundwork some time ago . 
  you all underestimate the economical impact this will have . 
  china is n't really going to be happy about economic cooling in europe and they have problems of their own . 
  this can affect all kinds of things . 
  add london to that list . 
  after that you should visit a closed coal mine , an indian owned steel plant and a japanese owned car factory . 
  at brexit . 
  yeah first scotland is going to leave then northern ireland then london . 
  fade the flair , fade the flair !, 
  as long as nato stands there 's really no necessity . 
  we should fade their flairs . 
  ca n't block scotland joining ireland for example . 
  at least that what i guess ? 
  who knows !, 
   does n't border a nuclear member of the security council china ? 
  yeah because that worked for such influential nations like north korea . 
  yeah i spilled my coffee just now because of merkel . 
  shitposting on reddit as usual . 
  afaik they rely on us nukes stationed there at least that was the case in the cold war . 
  not that they could n't have them within a matter of months if they wanted to . 
  hahahaah prudent and euroscepticism do n't go together . 
  germany should get nukes asap . 
  nah the uncertainty has just started . 
  whether britain is going to retain free market access or not is going to have a huge impact on the economic future of britain and as long as that 's unclear it 's going to have negative effects . 
  europeans markets have yet to open and japan suspended trade . 
  well good thing then that most immigrants in the uk come from the commonwealth and not the eu . 
  we can only grow together in europe . 
  yeah but as usual the poor and uneducated are going to get fucked the most . 
  and those are the leave voters . 
  the eu certainly calmed things down . 
  a closed irish border is going to cause troubles . 
  yeah you go and conquer africa again . 
  do n't take that the wrong way but there 's no way in hell i would trade my life with a russian . 
  and what do you get in return ? 
  some nationalistic feelings of pride ? 
  what uk exports ? 
  lol bankers are the only ones that are going to profit from that .
