  some islands have more tourists per capita but that 's about it . 
  the relatives should have been paid by the greek state with the reparations it received . 
  states do n't pay reparations to individuals just to other states who then pay individuals . 
  no he 's saying that it has to handled on the federal and not at state level to ensure even distribution . 
  but that 's at best a correlation . 
  not a controlled and reviewed study on that topic . 
  please provide a source for this . 
  i ca n't find one . 
  everything i find on that topic suggests that it 's a pretty limited risk and most marriages throughout human histories have been between first cousins simply because populations were a lot smaller . 
  maybe your google fu is stronger . 
  yes and that risk is only double and well below other risks like maternal obesity or maternal or paternal age . 
  just like i already said in my first post . 
  it 's not good or anything its just not as bad as some people make it out to be . 
  if you would do just that you would quickly discover that that was way more than just first cousins . 
  yeah but those were not only first cousins . 
  no the harm would be the cumulative damage to the gene pool . 
  sources for that ? 
  genetic defects have a way of correcting themselves over the generations . 
  the carriers simply die . 
  cousins are n't even that bad relatively speaking . 
  even with first cousins it 's only double the risk . 
  if you are further apart you it gets even lower . 
  being obese and diabetic carries a higher risk for birth defects for example . 
  and no i 'm not married to my cousin . 
  it 's not like we had control over our currency anyway . 
  we were bound to the mark after bretton-woods ended . 
  it 's also a matter of quantity and quality . 
  that 's why i limited it to 3 countries that have the ability to deliver them worldwide at mach 10 +, 
  that 's irrelevant . 
  it makes russia and china untouchable . 
  that 's all . 
  the only thing america does the other power blocks do n't is to kick around 3rd world countries that ca n't defend themselves . 
  well okay russia does that too and china has that whole empire microcosm in itself . 
  the us is untouchable too . 
  you have to be pretty stupid to assume otherwise . 
  atomic weapons on icbms are a thing . 
  my interest do n't align with any of them . 
  they are all nationalistic assholes . 
  please define superpower for me then . 
  no offense but russia and china both have the potential to wipe america of the face of the earth and the ukraine crisis has shown that russia is untouchable . 
  same with the expansionist tendencies of china . 
  you committed the most heinous of crimes . 
  you killed hope . 
  you were offered freedom from prosecution and all you chose was the freedom to prosecute . 
  america was not only an opportunity , it was a responsibility and calling giving the scraps of your table to the poorest of the poor an achievement in charity and humanitarianism is cynical at best in light of that responsibility . 
  you were supposed to rid the world of the yokes of oppression and all you managed to do was to gain control of the reigns yourself . 
  the only blanket you are willing to provide for the poor of the world is one of napalm and they only thing you 're willing to feed them is bullets . 
  it 's fitting that you are proud of that monument of institutionalized exploitation that the wall street represents . 
  americas only legacy is going to be the knowledge that you can cut yourself on the shards of a shattered dream . 
  america was a pristine canvas and all you managed to pull of is painting of a dollar sign in blood . 
  oh come on . 
  german ingenuity took you to the moon and they facilitated the fall of the british empire creating a power vacuum that you hastily tried to fill and failed to fill since then . 
  their destruction of europe provided the base for your brief golden age before it got consumed by your own crony corporatism . 
  you owe them so much . 
  they even provided you with your only just war and the only moment in your history you can be kinds proud of . 
  well at least before you tainted it with the thing in japan . 
  yeah but the world is n't fair and in a large part thanks to you guys . 
  if you want to go ahead and tell me that actions from 70 years ago are still as relevant as the continued rape of the world at the hands of your invasion forces today then that 's your decision . 
  my decision is going to be to ignore those comparisons . 
  i 'm sure going to feel morally inferior to you for something that happened before my grandfather was alive while children in pakistan get killed by your drones . 
  stop criticizing the failures of a past you only know from tv and try to focus on the reality that is happening right now . 
  well then following the same logic i as an austrian have to thank germany for austria being great . 
  since apparently it 's all their doing since austria was occupied in the eyes of the international law . 
  same is true for france , norway , the netherlands , belgium etc. 
  pretty stellar job they did tbh . 
  certainly would n't want to trade with iraq , vietnam or afghanistan . 
  still part of the real power structure . 
  maybe by being part of austria for 700 years . 
  that 's germany . 
  well at least it 's that way in austria . 
  our industries are are deeply connected to the german industries . 
  plus all that sweet sweet tourism money . 
  the point is that the conditions for those workers get better over time . 
  germany had just as terrible conditions a century ago or after the war . 
  you still have to start somewhere . 
  if the current state of the economy does n't support higher wages in greece then that 's just the way it is . 
  yeah but that 's the reality we live in . 
  also you forget the other side of globalization . 
  countries like slovakia and the czech repulblic nearly quadrupled their gdp since 2000 . 
  china had 7 times the gdp per capita in 2013 it had in 2000 . 
  because without businesses there is no work ? 
  why should anyone do business in greece when he can get the same stuff cheaper in slovakia ? 
  maybe that 's the level where the greek economy becomes competitive ? 
  the 500 $ or so minimum wage is still above other euro zone countries like slovakia . 
  yeah but that political will is enough . 
  the deal with the lenders included those low minimum wages . 
  if you announce that you are going to raise them the deal is invalid . 
  he was elected and when the lenders saw his program they stopped giving greece money until the reached a new deal . 
  you do n't have to actually raise the minimum wage you just have to publicly renounce the old deal and announce changes that go against the old deal . 
  that 's what he did . 
  yeah but he stopped the process . 
  that 's why that whole shit show started . 
  and the first thing tsirpas et al. 
  did after the election was to roll those measures back . 
  stop privatizations , raised minimum wages etc. 
  the only terms they had was to adhere to the terms the previous government agreed to . 
  which alternative are you talking about ? 
  your point being ? 
  without animal testing we would have a thalidomide scandal every other year and not every 50 years . 
  btw thalidomide would slip even through modern studies as almost none include pregnant women .
