  which is good because in eurotransplant you get more organs if you provide more organs . 
  yeah but even in that graphic they make up only 20 % . 
  that 's not what i would call the majority . 
  any sources for that ? 
  would n't a pension fund prefer something less risky than a startup that operates in a grey legal area ? 
  since you seem to have more insight what percentage of the money is from pension funds ? 
  which one of those is a pension fund ? 
  sounds like you guys need better government regulation . 
  how can you compare them when they ca n't operate as n ireland ? 
   uber drivers are kinder , more professional , drive better cars , do n't speak arabic on the phone the entire time , do n't rip me off , and take credit cards . 
  and it 's cheaper ? 
  yeah , of course . 
  and they give out free blowjobs and beer . 
  then they do your laundry . 
  i do n't know how shitty us cabs are but they are n't that way in austria or germany . 
  but there is a local evil and one that does pay a pittance in local taxes for 25 % of the fare as pure profit . 
  yeah but that 's the endgame for uber . 
  there 's more than enough private money in the us tech sector that they do n't have to go public for while . 
  it 's not like they have to pay the upkeep for a fleet of vehicles or anything like that . 
  i do n't know how shitty the situation in the us is but here i have never had any problems with taxis . 
  not to mention that there is enough public transportation . 
  only that uber is n't innovating anything . 
  taxis are being coordinated by radio for decades . 
  uber is just being cheaper by circumventing laws . 
  that 's their only competitive advantage . 
  it 's still the same concept in the same cars with same drivers . 
  only that the drivers suddenly are n't employees anymore but rather independent contractors . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  the only interesting idea was the ride sharing idea and that is problematic for all kinds of reasons ie . 
  tax , insurance and the fact that uber takes a massive 25 % cut for providing only an app platform . 
  if they were a nonprofit that coordinated ride sharing i would have no problem with them . 
  the for massive profit part is the problem . 
  and i do n't know the situation in poland but taxis in austria are everything but massive profit . 
  what does a uber driver without a fare earn ? 
  what does uber pay him for the maintenance or the cost of his vehicle ? 
  there 's no way for uber to provide a sustainable income and that 's why the ride sharing model is illegal in austria and germany because it would treat de facto employees as independent contractors , a trick that has been tried countless times eg . 
  `` independent '' truck drivers that rent or lease their truck from the company they drive for or that only drive for one company etc. 
  what 's left of uber when they have to play by the rules and treat their employees like employees ? 
  nothing . 
  in vienna there 's only uber black that ' marginally cheaper because they are n't registered as traditional taxis and more like a limousine service so they can escape minimum wage regulations for taxis and even their they try to play around the rules by not immediately returning to their depots like they would have to do as such a service . 
  uber is nothing more than an attempt from investors to tax every taxi fare on the planet for 25 % by circumventing local laws and regulations . 
  uber is just a fuckton of venture capital designed to circumvent labour laws and siphon profits to wall street . 
  i think rolling my eyes should be sufficient . 
  well thank god for that . 
  http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/soviet-arms-smuggled-to-official-ira-spy-files-reveal-26138564.html https://books.google.at/books?id=hxqy7_58ii8c&amp;pg=pa212&amp;lpg=pa212&amp;dq=reduktor+ ( operation + splash ) & source = bl & ots = qtfglpvsr3 & sig = soumkryiaqmlgpe545garqntj7y & hl = de & sa = x & ved = 0cecq6aewbwovchmi7mlrn96dyqivrfkach3zzap4 #v = onepage & q = reduktor % 20 ( operation % 20splash ) & f = false, 
  the raf definitely had soviet funding even if it was only indirectly through stuff like the pflp . 
  well it makes more sense to sort them according to the jurisdiction they happened in . 
  as someone who guarded the border over christmas and new years eve in 2003 i agree . 
  although the hungarians were better at keeping refugees away . 
  the slovakian border was the critical one . 
  also with the way the border region to hungary looks like , completely flat and filled with empty fields in winter , one ir camera can overlook a giant area . 
  you are literally able to see rabbits a few thousand meters . 
  if you had been saying that in those words i would have never argued against it . 
  my point is that the statement `` austria caused wwi '' is simplistic and stupid . 
  there were tons of goals for all sides and there had been an arms race for years . 
  military action of austria in serbia may have been the official casus belli but it was never the reason . 
  at the core was always the imbalance of power in europe after german unification a situation that has n't been resolved to this day . 
  the major powers in europe were only looking for a reason to go at each other 's throat and serbia was stupid enough to provide one . 
   after all , britain did not invade serbia knowing full well the cataclysmic reaction it 'd provoke to start wwi in the first place . 
  yeah britain just crafted those conditions . 
  you ca n't keep piling tons of powder in the open and then blame the spark alone . 
  of course the average brit had as much of an influence on politics and the behavior of the upper classes as he has today so i do n't get why you are offended . 
  try reading a biography of hitler . 
  and yeah atrocities like letting 800k people starve breed radicalism . 
  if you blame wwi on austria you need to take a better look at the general situation pre 1914 . 
  if you blame hitler on austria just be aware that he was a german citizen since 1923 . 
  do you know how many germans starved to death because of the british sea blockade during the wwi ? 
  do you know what a kind of climate that creates in a country ? 
  british politics at the turn of the century enabled hitler . 
  not austria . 
  why should we provide foreign aid to countries that british colonialism messed up in the first place ? 
  if we pay reparations to israel can we count that as foreign aid too ? 
  i just think that without a free trade agreement the uk would be worse off . 
  sure there are other in the efta that are n't in the eu but all that means for them that they often do n't get to have a say at all when it comes to their own legislation . 
  add to that the situation of british expats and european workers in the eu and you have some kind of clusterfuck . 
  i just fail to see what 's there to gain for the uk if they leave . 
  in fact i think just talking about it hurts the uk . 
  germany wanted to be self sufficient in a different way . 
  at the beginning of the 20th century germany was the number one food importer in the world and had to import a third of its food . 
  the british sea blockade during wwi and the following famine cost over 800k germans their life . 
  expanding their territory was literally a matter of life and death for germans . 
  since then agricultural technology has eased that burden and today germany is a net food exporter . 
  you have to add to that that the 1995 level of japan was extraordinarily high . 
  in austria as in most of central europe it 's a crude mixture of germanic , slavic and dinaric tribes . 
  there was just too much movement of people to make a clear distinction in central europe . 
  yeah and as i said in other comments there are 3 big economic blocs and outside of those everything else is at best midsized . 
  of course that discussion is completely worthless and in the end only a matter of definition . 
  america and not oceania . 
  maybe the uk can fulfill it 's dream and join the us then they could call it oceania . 
  i 'm sure there are quite a few brits that would love to trade a queen and a prime minister against a governor and 2 senators . 
  japan is 127 million people and the uk is 64 . 
  i would say twice the size fits perfectly . 
  nobody cares about area . 
  yeah only that the scale completely changes between the us and everyone else . 
  that makes any comparison on a national level completely worthless . 
  i just would n't call a single european country a big economy . 
  without the eu germany would be a midsized economy because the other economic blocs are so much larger . 
  the us and the eu are somewhat comparable . 
  the us and any european nation are n't . 
  you ca n't possibly look at the us and the uk and say `` yup those are both big economies '' they are nowhere near the same .
