  yeah and it ended in two world wars . 
  i do n't need the offspring of some incestuous brood ruling by divine right . 
  hang them all . 
  no that 's unfair competition . 
  especially co2 certificates are bullshit . 
  european steel is way cleaner and yet producers have to pay more for co2 . 
  that 's completely artificial . 
  that just shows that weapons legislation has relatively little to do with homicide rates . 
  steel production is a tricky subject . 
  it 's strategically important , do n't forget that 's that where the eu started , it requires long term investment in the machines and it has low margins . 
  you ca n't have a communist regime dump their subsidized steel onto your market when their economy slows down . 
  that ruins your producers and 3 years down the line you will pay the price for that . 
  i disagree . 
  not everybody is suited for high end jobs nor is everybody needed . 
  when all the low end jobs have been automated away a \u00f6arge percentage of the population will be left unemployed . 
  yes but keep in mind that this involves accidents on level crossings and the german network is unique in that they have by far the most extensive freight train network . 
  poland has also a sizeable freight train network . 
  it could simply be that freight trains are the real danger and most accidents occur on private property while loading/unloading . 
  all things considered only 10 casualties is close to a miracle . 
  50 years ago everyone on those trains would have died . 
  may they rest in peace . 
  so is urban still code for black ? 
  yeah there 's really quite a few . 
  it seems they called in everything . 
  i also spotted at least two austrian ones . 
  considering that it 's really close to the alps they have access to a ton of rescue helicopters . 
  tyrol has a lot of them in service during skiing season and bad aibling is only 50 km from the austrian border . 
  only something i heard in university . 
  the principle is that people from a culture that is generally a bit more melodramatic and loud will display pain in a different manner than someone from a very reserved country will . 
  an italian that acts like he 's going to die , relative to your viewpoint , might only have digestion problems while a finn that is calm and well , again from your perspective , might be actually dieing . 
  plus there were some even weirder examples like african patients that displayed symptoms because they were convinced that a witch stole their manhood etc. 
  it was not presented as an exact science and i belive that something like that might be hard to properly examine and more as an reminder to be thoughtful that there might be cultural differences . 
  here 's the institutes homepage : https://www.univie.ac.at/ethnomedicine/  ethnomedicine is a specialist area which is not restricted to describing \u201e exotic `` healing practices , but actually offers concrete practical help in everyday clinical medicine . 
  thus , ethnomedicine facilitates communication with patients from other cultural backgrounds ( such as \u201e guest workers `` ) , or the carrying out of projects in third world countries . 
  moreover , generally speaking , ** the medical and nursing staffs ' understanding of the inherent conceptions held by their patients with regard to illness and therapy is heightened by their observations and analyses within the scope of ethnomedicine . 
  thus , they are better equipped to pin-point and respond to their patients ' needs . 
  this is of importance , since if patients lose trust in the exponents of conservative medicine , they often turn to alternative medicine and may consequently fail to receive adequate medical care . 
  well i guess czech would n't be much of a help either . 
  ( 3 ) becasue people from other continents may be afflicted by uncommon diseases or culturally react differently to disease/illness . 
  if canadians were to portray native americans as belonging to a different culture it could be seen as excluding them from their common canadian culture . 
  for an european , especially eastern , someone from a different ethnicity is most likely from a different culture and the clothes and other attributes of those cultures are if anything an acknowledgment of that fact . 
  having a foreigner department can make sense if you do n't have a large minority population . 
  different cultures react differently to illness and can be afflicted by diseases that are n't common in central europe . 
  mediterraneas react differently to pain than central europeans because the expected reaction to pain is differently in those cultures for example . 
  different countries have different needs and the needs of a european country differ from one with a long history of international immigration like canada . 
  i guess it 's different if you have a lot of other races in your society . 
  if there are a lot of blacks in england you 'd want them to be portrayed as a part of your society and not exclude them by attributing them with signs of a different , foreign culture . 
  eastern europe societies are 99 % white so portraying different races with the clothes of different cultures does make more sense . 
  because people back then had no dictionary . 
  looking at old german texts every word is just an approximation of the `` correct '' spelling . 
  but today with tv , widespread books and internet you have to help the change along . 
  there 's a reason spelling contests are only really a thing in english and english is a homonym hell . 
  you can always have a standard form of the language . 
  every german and austrian and swiss knows standard german and his local variant . 
  it 's the first foreign language we learn . 
  that may sound hyperbolic and it is to some extend but the different dialects are very different . 
  to the point where people who are bad with languages do n't understand other german dialects . 
  i settled on `` slightly retarded '', 
  and that 's great . 
  otherwise you end up in a situation like english where nothing is pronounced the way it is spelled and homonyms reign supreme . 
  in the end language is about communication and if i do n't update spelling i lose one aspect that 's being communicated . 
  it 's just eating resources that could be used for real studies . 
  it 's also often bad science because the number of participants are nowhere near enough to produce something of value . 
  it 's too much for doctors that do n't want to go into research and too little to produce much of value . 
  becasue the only reason doctors even do them is to get their dr. title . 
  not every gp needs to be a scientist . 
  tbh medical dissertations are pointless and bad science in 99 % of all cases . 
  university is n't the only thing granting a future . 
  that 's the thing where you are wrong . 
  nor are you even excluded from going to university after an apprenticeship . 
  if anything an apprentice that enters university in his late 20s or 30s after already having 10 years or more of work experience is going to be a a way better student than a useless 18 year old high schooler . 
  so you 're more nationalistic than patriotic . 
  russia has kept the peace . 
  the two go hand in hand especially since we have nation states since the end of wwii . 
  unless you are like a patriotic european or something like that . 
  i just had some airplanes crashes with antonovs and iranian airlines in the back of my mind . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_iranian_aviation_accidents_and_incidents quite a few tupolevs , antonovs and iljushins on that list . 
  yeah soviet jets are pretty old by now . 
  they could n't buy western jets for over 40 years . 
  this is an article from 2014 about how they want to buy 400 airliners . 
  or german . 
  you do n't need to be smart to be a doctor . 
  you ca n't be lazy that 's all . 
  they get often thrown together because it 's easy to do away with criticism that way . 
  apparently it is needed . 
  assuming nox is that relevant . 
  yeah ? 
  who else is building fortified settlements on another nation 's territory ? 
  besides that there are a multitude of sanctions against countries all over the world . 
  marking only products produced on occupied territory is n't even that hard of a sanction . 
  if there is hypocrisy it 's not in the direction you 're thinking of . 
   i also think this will be largely solved by self-driving electric cars , and much wider car sharing . 
  or magical unicorns . 
  just as likely to become widespread anytime soon . 
  the legal framework alone needed for self driving cars in a shared space like a city center is ridiculously complicated . 
   like infamous eu enforcement of labeling israeli products made in jewish settlements . 
  those settlements are against international law and a point of constant tension in the region . 
  that 's a very good reason for sanctions for actions done by jews but not because they are jewish . 
  being jewish does not give you a free pass . 
  you ca n't accomplish everything at once .
