  the sanitary situation alone is completely different in a built up area . 
  being homeless is one thing but fencing off a part of a public square in the middle of a city is another thing . 
  then again destroying the tents is yet another thing and quite honestly kind of a cunt move . 
  but i do n't think it 's theft . 
  if you obstruct public space authorities can and will clear the space . 
  you can not erect barricades wherever you like even if you perceive yourself as the victim of some kind of injustice . 
  if you deliberately seek confrontation you will usually find it . 
  that 's funny we on the continent put lights on our trains for safety . 
  the [ dreilicht-spitzensignal ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/dreilicht-spitzensignal ) !, 
  i just love how german has become synonymous with the eurozone . 
  all the other countries do not matter at all for the british press . 
  like most dictators the only thing putin cares about is staying power . 
  aphrodite was created by the seed of uranos after his son kronos cut of his father 's penis because he was raping his mother gaia and threw it into the sea . 
  the sea water mixed with the semen and from that foam aphrodite was born . 
  well that 's bullshit . 
  obviously silesians are austrians because i refuse to accept koeniggraetz . 
  probably the [ noricum scandal ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/noricum-skandal ) , illegal weapons exports to iran in the 80s , and the sinking of the [ lucona ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/lucona ) with explosives in the indian ocean , an insurance fraud that claimed 6 lives . 
  there 's a olof palme street in my city for some reason . 
  both decommissioned for a decade now . 
  is n't it just a play on the [ pan-slavic colours ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pan-slavic_colors ), 
  at least the blood on our flag is someone else 's . 
  most likely multiple people . 
  i 'm not making any claim towards the legitimacy of anything . 
  but as long people are willing to work for free or rather for not monetary benefits unpaid work will be a thing . 
  that 's just a basic truth . 
  as long as people are willing to do them for free there will be unpaid internships . 
  get paid by their nations , like . 
  yeah but at the same time venture capital is really bad for stuff that has to be paid off over 20-30 years . 
  for example american steel plants are shit . 
  nobody on wallstreet wants his investment tied down for decades but building a furnace for example does just that . 
  i think the german system works very well for some industries , mainly established ones that rely on producing stuff . 
  actual physical stuff . 
  industries that do n't have that production aspect like software companies ca n't benefit from the german system and can grow easier somewhere else . 
  at least that 's my general impression . 
  pure engineering companies fare better elsewhere as do companies that need loads of unskilled work . 
  but if you need people that operate a machine that need years of training on the job that 's where the german system can shine as it provides a good framework for educating those people . 
  for keeping them happy and the companies that employ them often are n't at the mercy of their shareholders leaving more room to focus on long term investments and less on quarterly reports . 
  but as i said already that 's very generalizing . 
  well i think it 's better distributed that way . 
  if you think  25 % unemployment while some work 40 + hours per week is better well then that 's your opinion but you wo n't convince me of it . 
  i 'm not ? 
  i said the only thing you can take away from it is that whatever work there is is distributed better in germany . 
  less unemployment and less work per employed person means just that . 
  if you have a prefered interpretation just share it . 
  do n't tell me what it 's not . 
  and what 's the point if comparing countries with < 5 % unemployment with countries that have  25 % unemployment . 
  the available work is just better distributed in germany . 
  that 's kinds like the only thing you can take away from that statistic . 
  because it 's kinda pointless if in one country 2 persons are working part-time while in another country 1 is working full-time while another one is a stay at home mom for example . 
  same work gets done in both countries . 
   it is insignificant country for us . 
  how times have changed . 
  people often seem to blame all the effects of globalization on germany alone . 
  if the eurozone was a closed system they would have a point but as long as germany has to be able to compete globally there 's little they can do without trashing the economy of the whole eurozone . 
  germany selling products worldwide is what keeps austrian factories running for example . 
  internal as in eurozone . 
  internally germany does n't have a trade surplus worth speaking of . 
  well because it 's the obvious conclusion . 
  well time for the other countries to become just as competitive . 
  germany has to compete with china , south korea , japan and the us on the world wide markets . 
  if you think germany raising wages does anything but move jobs to asia you 're delusional . 
  any surplus lost from germany goes east and not to italy or greece . 
  only that germany 's surplus within the eurozone is getting lower and lower . 
  this is germany 's trade surplus in 2013https : / / d28wbuch0jlv7v.cloudfront.net / images/infografik/normal / infografik_1762_deutsche_au % c3 % 9fenhandelsbilanz_n . jpg graphic is in german but should be self explanatory . 
  yup i bet that those two are the biggest contributors . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pig_war_ ( 1906 % e2 % 80 % 9308 ) ? 
  those rankings mostly measure how well a educational system fits into the anglo saxon education mold . 
  in austria 55 % of all 15 year olds choose an apprenticeship . 
  depending on how they rank it a burger flipper at a mcdonald 's with a high school diploma can be better educated than a master carpenter . 
  it 's only a matter of what you 're used to . 
  also polandball has nothing to do with poland ? 
  it certainly did n't originate there . 
  iirc it was some guy trolling poles on krautchan . 
  but they can always import power if needed . 
  i imagine that those statistics are mostly influenced by the age and reliability of the infrastructure . 
  additionally in countries like austria natural disasters like mudslides and avalanches can cut of entire valleys for days or weeks but who knows if those events are included in that statistic or not . 
  i love how you want to blame the conservatives when it was a socialist lead government that introduced the law . 
  austria going exactly the same way germany did only that we started in 2010 and not 10 years earlier . 
  introduce an unequal law and leave the rest to the courts and future governments . 
  that way you can fix the real problems immediately . 
  if you want everything at once you 're going to encounter much more resistance . 
  first of all individuals can adopt and you can adopt the child of your gay spouse after a while . 
  what 's impossible is joint adoption and as i said i expect the courts to rectify that sooner or later . 
  the german way to gay `` marriage '' was one through courtrooms . 
  civil union started off with little rights and gained everything through court orders one case at a time in the cause of 12 years . 
  little by little they changed it slowly one issue at a time . 
  for merkel and frankly anyone wanting to govern germany the fight is is not worth it in front of that background . 
  in the end the discussion boils down to the name of the institution . 
  marriage is protected by the german constitution so you can not easily change it . 
  so the easy way that ends discrimination was to construct an institution that has the same rights but is called differently . 
  in the light of all of that i ca n't blame anyone who does n't want to touch the subject . 
  gay people have the same rights and that 's the important part . 
  you could n't have said less with more words . 
  name the existing problems outside adoption . 
  '' ] ( https://www.lsvd.de/recht/lebenspartnerschaft/stand-der-gleichstellung.html ) it 's not a fight worth fighting anymore . 
  the name is not a problem . 
  not being able to visit your husband if he is in hospital was a problem . 
  getting thrown out of your apartment because your husband died was a problem . 
  that has all been fixed .
