  kinda ironic that you choose that one to defend making jokes about stereotypes . 
  yeah parroting a mindless stereotype time and time again really proves a sense of humor . 
  the untersteiermark is always welcome . 
  yeah you only have gang violence of some other sort . 
  better start learning some spanish . 
  you are literally defending communist propaganda . 
  well they are the chosen people . 
  depends where you are . 
  brits and germans that come to austria are well behaved for the most part . 
  do or die is the way all government works . 
  because it 's politically way easier that way . 
  what ? 
  he can invite specific people he knows or just based on their profiles . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  no wonder he was so fucked up . 
   he did n't interview his victims , he invited the guys via a fake facebook profile . 
  they are about as right wing as you can get . 
  not all but the major countries there definitely are . 
  i mean iran literally means land of the aryans . 
  the guy in munich also specifically targeted immigrants http://www.spiegel.de/panorama/justiz/muenchen-david-sonboly-handelte-womoeglich-aus-fremdenhass-a-1105007.html, 
  same in austria and italy . 
  i guess it 's a catholic thing . 
  that 's why you usually only do it after a bombproof diagnosis through experts . 
  not because you feel like it or out of spite . 
  yeah . 
  or leaving the eu . 
  a ton of work just to destroy something . 
  well i hope he is n't paid for doing nothing . 
  it 's our tax money after all . 
  that 's intentional . 
  europe is n't easy . 
  nothing worth doing is . 
  then what are you doing on reddit ? 
  you should be out on the streets revolting against your government . 
   getting rich by pushing pieces of paper around . 
  lol he 's a bureaucrat and not a trader or broker . 
  welcome to the hotel europe . 
  i doubt there is an automatic transition . 
  how exactly that 's going to be handled remains to be seen . 
  the unit that apparently had to borrow everything . 
  seems like it only existed on paper . 
  it 's not your fault . 
  you 've been bombarded with indoctrination your whole life . 
  that 's the same line of thinking that renamed ministries of war all over the world to ministries of defense . 
  does n't change a thing . 
  the us ministry of defense still organized the unjustified war of aggression against the iraq . 
  what unit was that ? 
  not a standing one ? 
  no brits are crying on this sub ???? 
  have you read your own comments ? 
  take a guess what impact the pound devaluation will have on inflation . 
  you ca n't start a sentence with let 's be honest and then immediately follow it up with a lie . 
  at least now you can share the grumpy nationalists corner with russia and hungary . 
  maybe you can exchange some sobstories of how the world has treated you unfairly ? 
  a trade deal between a uk with access to european markets and one without access to it are going to look vastly different . 
  any talks now are wasted time . 
  you 've got to stop thinking of a trade deal being a `` supportive '' measure or a lack of a trade deal as `` punishment '' . 
  there are purely economic interest behind those deals and in the case of the uk economy the relationship with the eu is going to have a huge influence on those . 
  given the volumes involved a european deal has to have priority for the uk and any meaningful deal with the us can only enter negotiations once that one has been signed and ratified . 
  the only thing that 's keeping us safe is russian nukes . 
  are there actually people that belive that propaganda bullshit ? 
  surely nobody can be that stupid . 
  verwundet is specifically used with combat . 
  verletzt is used in context of accidents . 
  the uk trashed their own steel plants a long time ago so they can only profit from cheap steel . 
  overproduction caused by overly subsidized state run slave shops . 
  i bet some brits immediately started to wallow in self pity as they read this . 
  you just had your civil wars a few hundred years earlier than everyone else . 
  no its not the same because the council is an eu institutions with specific responsibilities within the eu . 
  fiscal policy is not done by the eu . 
  and at least in austria i was aware of rhe spitzenkandidaten . 
  there wer even televised debates . 
  the eu needs to have its powers extended . 
  common fiscal policies etc. 
  just look at the greece crisis where everything was constantly up in the air and on the verge of failing because there is no real power over member states and if you want to avoid a default you have to rescue them via wonky bilateral agreements . 
  i would prefer that those things would be handled by an elected eu body in the future but that body would need extensive powers to do just that and that definitely needs an unanimous treaty change which i do n't see happening . 
  maybe if italy defaults the pressure gets big enough that there will be some movement in that direction . 
  germany is n't killing southern europe . 
  china is . 
  germany was able to lift eastern germany above southern italy in just 10-20 years . 
  spain and greece had bubble economies that imploded once the party was over in 2008 and france runs an absurd system where the state is responsible for like 70 % of the gdp . 
  trying to blame germany for all of that is almost comical . 
  those institutions do n't have the necessary competences . 
  how does the record show that ? 
  considering that they have to run the show all by themselves they did a fine job . 
  they ca n't magic away the structural problems that countries like spain and france have . 
  the source if the problems is not the council . 
  it 's the national governments . 
  every power given to the eu is one less for them . 
  but the various crisis of today can often only be solved on a european level given the interconnection of our economies . 
  the lack of power on a european level creates a strong vacuum and that attracts the only thing that has any real substance in europe and that is merkel . 
  she 's not there because she wants to she 's there because somebody has to be there and she 's the only one available . 
  france , spain and italy are in a constant state of either economical or political crisis , britain never wanted to participate fully because the only thing they belive in is themselves and the rest is simply too small and/or perfectly alinged with germany anyway . 
  and i do n't expect that to be changing anytime soon . 
  unless there is some cataclysmic event i do n't see more power going to the eu . 
  there will be referenda and polls over every extensions of eu power and those simply wo n't be sucess full in the current climate . 
  russia is just as european as the uk and look how they are being treated . 
  the thing is there never was a european communal spirit outside maybe christianity . 
  that 's why the eu is such an important project . 
  sadly the british rejected that project .
