  the only way to lose money with that product is by not using it . 
  you may have had a point when it comes to companies that produce real physical products like cars , machinery etc. 
  but when it comes to ip you product does n't even exist outside the legal sphere . 
  if you ca n't make legal business in the eu you ca n't make legal payments . 
  you can get them via the credit card companies . 
  you can get them because it 's legal and reliant on staying legal . 
  and you can fine the shit out of them . 
  confiscate every assets they have in the eu and confiscate every payment made to them that passes through european banks . 
  in short there are more than enough ways to make them compliant unless they want to permanently leave the biggest market on earth . 
  but they can control how netflix is able to distribute the content . 
  and netflix wo n't buy content it ca n't distribute . 
  and if your distributors have to comply with certain legislation you either comply as a studio or you ca n't sell your content in that area . 
  sure the eu ca n't legislate in the us . 
  but it does n't have to . 
  china does that all the time . 
  there is a limit of something like 30 foreign films that can be imported per year . 
  to circumvent that you have to film a part of the film in china in partnership with chinese companies . 
  and they do that . 
  and chinas movie market is only as big as france and the uk combined . 
  you forget to take into account that the content providers have no other option than to offer the convenient to the distributors at a reasonable price unless they do n't want to have access to one of the biggest markets on the planet and the region with the highest gdp . 
  you can legislate all that as a union . 
  could england do that on it 's own ? 
  never . 
  but for most tv shows giving up on the entirety of the eu would mean to forfeit on a huge chunk of their sales . 
  only when it comes to nuclear powers . 
  that 's incredibly shortsighted . 
   they voted to restrict immigration . 
  how they implement that is a question for negotiation . 
  the voting is an order to the government to implement a law to restrict immigration . 
  the vote by itself does nothing . 
  and how the swiss government is going to do that is the interesting question . 
  and the rest of your post is meaningless as soon as you have to pay tariffs when importing something into the eu from the uk . 
   not really . 
  yes really . 
   they have not done anything unilaterally . 
  as of yet . 
  but they voted to do so . 
  and all of the reasons are meaningless as soon as you are not part of the trade union anymore . 
  becasue believe it or not english law is not any better than german law . 
  your position in trade is a remnant of the empire . 
  but as soon as you leave the trade union that advantage is gone . 
  forever . 
  no it wo n't . 
  it also wo n't grant the swiss any exemptions when it comes to their unilateral change of one of their treaties . 
   the uk can continue to grow strongly like many other countries that are not in the eu , like canada , australia , usa , new zealand and so forth . 
  well i hope the uk can pump up it 's mining production then to power chinese furnaces . 
  because it 's going to lose its place as a trading place if they are outside the union . 
  with the uk leaving there is not a single reason to conduct business in london instead of frankfurt or paris . 
   i hope so . 
  you would . 
  because like everyone against a unification you lack long term vision . 
  if you think economic development of the uk is going to be the same after leaving the eu and the internal market.you 're going to be disappointed . 
   it will be interesting to see if the eurozone democracies vote for this . 
  oh they already have . 
  just wait how the situation with switzerland will end after they voted to restrict access for eu citizens in clear breach with their contracts . 
  i doubt they 'll follow through with it . 
  if they do hats off to them but that 's going to cost the swiss . 
  stay classy will you ? 
  when it comes to long term policy democracy is weak . 
  that 's all . 
  btw hitler is a classic example why you should n't make the fears of the plebs policy . 
  then do n't say that history has shown anything . 
  it 's way too early for that . 
  also do n't say that the euro has failed . 
  i have not a single doubt in my mind that when the rules of the eurozone were created that the ultimate goal was to force a political union of all members . 
  and my prediction is that non euro members wo n't be eu members for long . 
  the difference is that countries that are actively involved in the process are going to have more influence in the long run . 
  and that 's where britain 's fault lies . 
  france alone is too weak to be a counterweight to germany and the countries that have ridiculous close ties to germany like austria or the netherlands . 
   this was a mistake . 
  you should have ( i ) first created a joint governement , ( ii ) second created a fiscal union and ( iii ) third created a monetary union . 
  now it seems like the people of the eurozone do n't want to do ( ii ) and ( iii ) and you are left with just ( i ) . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  you create a monetary union , to force a fiscal union to force a joint government . 
  and that has been happening over the last few years with the extension of the power of the ezb etc. 
  you just did n't notice . 
  why do you think we are having this discussion at all ? 
  that 's the process of governing . 
  greece is being governed by the eu . 
  and they 're stupid as people tend to be . 
  the unification of europe is the only viable option in the long run . 
  we should n't let the fears of the plebs dictate our future . 
  oh and maybe they do n't want it in the uk but younger people on the continent do n't have a problem with a unified europe . 
  history has n't shown anything you delusional twat . 
  history is what 's happening over the course of 50 years and not 10 or 5 . 
   feel free to go ahead and create a full transfer union and political union without us . 
  you need to do it . 
  and that 's exactly what 's going to happen . 
  becasue there is no alternative . 
  no but you block a common economic policy on every step of the way . 
  the euro was always a tool to force the unification of europe . 
  because it needs a unified europe . 
  in the end only countries that are willing to unify are going to be in the eu and the euro . 
  well at least we take each other to court and do n't invade one another . 
  he 's not neutral . 
  he 's british and antieu . 
   the rules of this `` union '' were partly designed by previous german governments , and every other fucking government in the eu . 
  and the real reason the monetary union could fail are countries like the uk that are only part of the eu to stop a proper unification . 
  because there is no rule of a single law here . 
  greeks courts and greeks laws may award them 28 millions or 3000 trillions .
