  portuguese contributions are still as relevant as always . 
  greece is free to do whatever it wants but you ca n't expect the other nations to carry them while they do it . 
  if they want to default it 's their sovereign right to do so . 
  but you have to understand that their freedom ends where mine begins . 
  how is that not blatantly obvious ? 
  that being said you should boycott product made in illegal settlements . 
  why not ? 
  jews and germans have so much in common . 
  it would be a good thing if israel would compare itself to the nazi regime . 
  maybe they would notice some similarities . 
  well if i want proper wine there 's excellent domestic options . 
  but if i want retsina there are n't . 
  and the croissant is austrian . 
  there are no terms for a default that would have mattered . 
  greece would have had to return to the drachma and that alone would have been catastrophic . 
  instant devaluation of at least 50 % was what everyone was talking about that means that every import must got 100 % more expensive and if you import like a third of all your food like greece does then that 's going to have consequences for poor people . 
  same with medicine or fuel etc. 
  your savings in a greek bank would have lost half of their purchasing power for foreign goods over night and you would have to work 2 times as long for anything imported which is quite a bit . 
  that 's nothing germany can influence . 
  the damage would have been there even if they got nothing from their debt back ever . 
  look at the german agenda 2010 . 
  austria privatized most state owned businesses 10 years ago . 
  but the consequences of a default could have been disastrous if you are dependent on food imports like greece is . 
  still starvation would have been unlikely and humanitarian aid would have been provided . 
  the netherlands have 80 % . 
  [ here 's the source . 
  ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cjumefbxaaa0sgm.jpg ) you 're just a victim of bad journalism and anti german propaganda . 
  they could have not agreed to the deal . 
  the option euro but no austerity never existed . 
  syriza ran on a platform that was impossible to achieve . 
  just because greece voted for something does not mean that germany has to follow that . 
  that 's not how democracy works . 
  oh shut up you retard . 
  middle school is out for summer do n't you have anything better to do ? 
  go outside , do some drugs and dance naked in the streets . 
  would be less embarrassing than this drivel . 
  and if greece manages to change itself it will be to the benefit of every greek person . 
  no that would jut be the consequences of them leaving the euro . 
  also you can still pay police etc. 
  just not in euro anymore . 
  medicine would have been a problem but that could have been handled via humanitarian aid . 
  same with food . 
  spain had a massive housing bubble before the crisis . 
  they wo n't see pre crisis levels for a while . 
  if you vote for party that is anti eu do n't expect your voice to be heard on a european level . 
  there 's nothing condescending about that . 
  there is no fucking conflict of interest . 
  show me the conflict of interest . 
   valuable greek assets of [ eur 50 bn ] shall be transferred to an existing external and independent fund like the institution for growth in luxembourg , to be privatized over time and decrease debt . 
  such fund would be managed by the greek authorities under the supervision of the relevant european institutions . 
  here 's the full quote . 
  where 's the conflict ? 
  unless you have to pay child support . 
  respect is not a one way street , neither is solidarity nor is greece the only democracy in europe . 
  as i said it 's a complete non-story and a posterchild of bad journalism , fear mongering and anti german propaganda . 
  just watch the retards in this thread swallow it up . 
  sch\u00e4uble just said that it should be transferred to an external fund ** like ** the ifg . 
  also sch\u00e4uble is not on the board of the ifg . 
  he 's on the board of the kfw which owns the ifg . 
  blah blah blah . 
  if the armchair communist of reddit were sufficiently literate enough to understand those differences they would n't be armchair communists . 
  should have asked the belgians if they wanted to be taught by pros . 
  you do n't give it to him personally . 
  sch\u00e4uble is just the head of the bank because it is always headed by the finance minister of germany . 
  it 's the government owned development bank of germany . 
  it 's a complete non-story wilfully sensationalized . 
  there is no way sch\u00e4uble can personally profit from this . 
  where 's the conflict of interest ? 
  germany stands to lose more than the 50 billion . 
  is it a conflict of interest if you give a bank the papers to your house when you sign a mortgage ? 
  yeah but changing that would be the most expensive pr campaign in history . 
  also there 's the german saying `` ist der ruf erst ruiniert , lebt sichs g\u00e4nzlich ungeniert '' which translates to `` you live freely if you have n't a reputation to lose . '', 
  and you sure got me !, 
  [ how greece hoped it would be . 
  italy is a sovereign nation it can address the problems in anyway it likes . 
  if you do n't address it you will see your influence continue to dwindle . 
  but do n't you dare to blame germany if it runs the show by itself then . 
  the only thing you will have more of . 
  like the south of italy is n't a problem . 
  i love italy and always will love italy but someone somewhere has to drain swamp of corruption and inefficiency . 
  i hope your voting reform brings the needed stability to do just that because we need you back as a strong voice in europe and only stable and successful countries can speak with a strong voice . 
  nor anywhere else for that matter . 
  thank god for that indeed . 
  they are also running austria . 
  around 40 % of our exports go to germany and 2/3rds of our tourism depends on them . 
  the question is not whether they are evil or not because whatever is good for them is going to be good for us . 
  i do n't blame merkel and sch\u00e4uble if they have german interests in mind because that 's their fucking job . 
  that 's literally their only job . 
  like you have any part in europe anymore . 
  yeah that was the deal that fell through . 
  the second help package went under because syriza came to power and stopped or reversed reforms . 
  then they fucked around for 5 months only to start a referendum about the continuation of the second help package from the eurozone 5 days after that package expired . 
  and they fucking said no to the package . 
  now they want a new 3rd package and lo and behold european trust in them is shattered because they clearly demonstrated that they ca n't be trusted to follow through with reforms that have been agreed on and that their population is n't willing to support reforms . 
  yeah i get the point that it is in your own national interest to follow germany closely . 
  same here in austria . 
  does n't change the fact you still are able to decide for yourself . 
  if you chose not to do so because of your own national interest it is not germany 's fault . 
  most of central europe follows the way that has been cleared by germany and we do so because it 's easier than to clear our own path . 
  but if you want to go somewhere else it 's time you swung the machete yourself and excuses like `` i am tired '' and `` our machete is blunt and i 'm tired .
