  if it goes down you go down . 
  if germany goes down the drain it 's going to put enough people out of work in austria that it 's going to tank the rest of the economy . 
  car parts , steel , electronics , machines ... basically the complete industrial output of austria is tied to the welfare of the german industry plus a substantial amount of tourist money . 
  you have to get your mind out of the toxic nationalist mindset . 
  it 's not the 19th century anymore . 
  nations are far too integrated in central europe . 
  it is in my interest that everybody in europe is successful . 
  if i 'm completely selfish then that 's going to be what i want . 
  i want germany to prosper and grow because that 's the easiest way for my own success . 
  yeah it 's hardly surprising and it 's kinda sad that it took so long . 
  it 's not exactly like we keep our wealth and technology to ourselfs so it was only a matter of time until they caught up . 
  if countries like china and korea would have been more like japan in terms of progressiveness they could have joined the club a lot earlier . 
  well to be fair it 's something different to keep preliminary talks under the rug and the situation being described in greece . 
  the greek state borrowed money at nearly no costs and just kept hiring people to boost the economy . 
  before 2010 they did n't even know how many people were employed by the state . 
  they counted in 2010 for the first time ever and it was 768000 people . 
  around 20 % of the whole workforce of the country . 
  add a ridiculous retirement age to that and you have got a recipe for disaster . 
  of course they are going to lose gdp because that growth they experienced between 2000 and 2008 was no real growth of real world economy , it was only debt field fake growth . 
  if the same thing happens to germany the economy on the whole continent collapses and that 's going to kill the economy worldwide . 
  it 's going to be about as funny as cancer . 
  as long as it 's small countries on the periphery the impact is always going to be negligible . 
  but the biggest economy of the eu ? 
  that drives the economies of all it 's neighbors ? 
  germany is too big to fail . 
  keep that racist shit away from this sub . 
  nothing has worked out yet . 
  it 's a long process . 
  also the reason they ca n't stay in the union . 
  yeah but the same number in austria was 300k or 10 % of all employees . 
  if you want to reduce the number of employees to normal levels as a greek government you suddenly put 10 % of all employees in your country out of work . 
  that alone going to affect every aspect of the economy . 
  it 's a situation that 's incredibly hard to come back from . 
  yup . 
  no doubt in my mind that they knew exactly what they were doing . 
  i think france feared a unified germany and wanted to forge a everlasting union . 
  the problem is that greece had 800k government employees in 2010 . 
  for 11 million people . 
  20 % of all employees were working for the government . 
  that 's insanity . 
  well the state should n't be the only source of economic growth in a county . 
  if that 's the case in greece then that 's the problem in greece . 
  i think the euro was always intended to force a fiscal union . 
  i 'm sure there are ways to ensure party discipline . 
  making rebels completely irrelevant etc. 
  the others are going to learn that sooner or later . 
  and ? 
  people vote for parties anyway . 
  you get yes men now anyway or do you think difficult people get the ticket to run for a certain constituency ? 
  he just knows his audience ... and that 's the terrible thing about it . 
  well they just changed it https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/italian_electoral_law, 
  in austria you would pay as percentage of your income . 
  if your income does n't come from farming then you would n't pay the farming rates . 
  despite that you ca n't even buy agricultural land without using it agriculturally . 
  the best way to be sure that there is no abuse of power is to provide as many people as possible with as little power as necessary . 
  coalitions are great in that way . 
  some limitation makes sense . 
  in austria you have to get at least 5 % of all votes to get a seat . 
  otherwise you end up like italy and even they changed just that recently i think . 
  in austria the nationalratswahlordnung is a simple law and not a constitutional one in the formal sense . 
  meaning you can change it with a simple majority . 
  not at all if your biggest trading partner is germany . 
  the austrian economy has deep ties to the german economy . 
  a lot of european currencies were de facto tied to germany before the euro had a name . 
  nice scale on those graphs ... second for austria the euro basically made no difference because we have been tied to the mark since the 70s and the end of bretton woods . 
  their biggest export by far are refined oil products and all the crude oil has to be imported and bought with dollars or euros . 
  i think you do n't understand just how shit the greek economy is . 
  yes in theory they could export more because their currency goes down . 
  but greece produces nearly nothing and has to import staples like food and medicine . 
  also i made it quite clear that the important part you have to prepare for is the transitional phase until everything has settled down . 
  how are greek hospitals going to pay for medicine when they are already underfunded and suddenly everything that has to be imported gets 2-3 times as expensive ? 
  you do n't seem to understand that hospitals do n't export stuff . 
  i 'm talking about the upcoming humanitarian crisis that greece faces in case of a default . 
  it 's up to the greek government to decide now . 
  right now they are on a bicycle and playing chicken with a 40 ton lorry . 
  or how about we do n't fabricate a humanitarian crisis just find out ? 
  and what 's going to happen if you have to pay in drachmas for everything you have to import ? 
  which includes a surprising amount of food and stuff like fuel for tractors ? 
  let 's pretend for a moment that all of that is n't some sort of `` game '' and an elaborate conspiracy or ruse . 
  so what happens with a greek cancer patient that needs his medicine coming july first ? 
  how are they going to pay for medicine that has to be imported ? 
  how long do you think it will take until the whole situation has been sorted out ? 
  all he said was that they should at least be prepared and have real plans in place in case of a grexit . 
  stuff like food , medicine , fuel etc. 
  need to be imported into greece at the moment and if their currency collapses they are going to get prohibitively expensive . 
  nobody wants starving greek children or sick greek people without medicine or empty fuel depots during tourist season . 
  this may sound sensationalist but there is stuff that needs to be imported on a daily basis and if you have 2-4 weeks where you are n't able to pay your bills you can have shortages in those areas . 
  the longer you need to sort that out the higher the real life impact becomes . 
  also who cares what his resort is . 
  he is still the german member of the highest executive organ in the eu . 
  not to mention that his resort has quite some interest in the topic . 
  how is roaming going to be handled in case of a greek default ? 
  who pays the interconnect charges , in which currency etc. 
  how long until greek isp run out of currency reserves and have to pay their bills in whatever the follow up currency is going to be ? 
  what does that mean for internet in greece ? 
  spending cuts and tax increases . 
  surprise surprise . 
  austria also has a strong industrial base . 
  the lowlands north of the alps are heavily industrialized . 
  austria has the highest number of tourist per capita of nations above 1 million inhabitants .
