  for greek competitiveness nothing would change . 
  only that 's it 's not an even split . 
  austria has like a 20 billion deficit with germany . 
  if you were a character in a novel i would blame the author for including such a one dimensional and cliche character . 
  its almost as if you are a caricature . 
  yeah because you did it at a time when thousands were already deep in europe . 
  creating a humanitarian crisis in some field in serbia does n't do shit . 
  he looks like a chubbier version of the [ blade runner villain . 
  ] ( https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/800/0*hiww_c4hbt8m4ajb.jpg ), 
  idk about sweden but are n't there usually waiting lists for adoptions in most western countries ? 
  try reading a 102 book . 
  is that pollution or fog ? 
  i said the iraq war ruined my opinion of the us . 
  and that was not in the 60s . 
  only because the chinese are even worse . 
  ask the saudis . 
  it 's also not suprising that those guys are all idiots . 
  do n't try to spin the us invasion in the middle east into something positive . 
  your engagement in the region is only there to protect the petrodollar . 
  you have to go back before the vietnam war to get a positive picture of tea us . 
  that war ruined the us for a lot of people . 
  then the iraq war of bush jr. . that 's what ruined any respect i had for america for example . 
  the only one that could pose a serious threat to fench guyana are other global powers and those war would end catastrophically . 
  yeah at that rate you might catch up to us sometime in the future if nothing catastrophic happens like cancelling your most important trade deal for no reason . 
  you just had the slowest recovery after the crisis of 2008 . 
  which are still lower than they would be in a non brexit scenario . 
  what 's so hard to get about that ? 
  congratulations that the water only goes up to your chin instead of the upper lip but you could still be on dry land . 
   we had much worse after the financial crisis , the pound dropped from $ 2 to the pound to just under $ 1.50 and inflation rose to something like 4.5 % for a period . 
  yes but this time it 's pointless and self inflicted . 
   ( it will go up i 'm sure but i do n't expect it to be too bad . ) . 
  read the article . 
  they expect 2.7 % for 2017 with a goal of 2 % . 
  the lowest savings rate since the 1960 's should be something you should be in arms about . 
   it does n't seem like the end of the world , far from it given the predictions we had before the referendum . 
  do n't you get that it 's just the start ? 
  long term investment in britain has stopped since 2015 when the referendum was announced , another thing you could find in the article btw , and before the referendum everyone assumed that cameron would trigger article 50 immediately . 
  for now nothing has changed in the economy . 
  not a single thing has factually changed . 
  the pound dropped 16 % which is a boost for exports but you ca n't plan around that . 
  `` i sold my kidney for $ 20k !, 
  i 'm going to quit my job and just continue doing that ! '', 
  the article says one thing has changed and that is that they underestimated consumer confidence . 
  that 's all . 
  the predictions from before the referendum have n't been disproven at all . 
   it predicts `` a significant fall in the saving ratio over the next three years as consumers take time to adjust spending growth to weaker income flows '' . 
  the savings rate is expected to fall to 4 % , the lowest rate since records began in the early 1960s . 
  the erosion in consumer spending power is partly down to higher consumer price inflation , which the bank forecasts running at 2 % this year , slightly higher than its previous forecast of 1.8 % made in november . 
  who gives a fuck about pure growth ? 
  income is stalling as per the quote in my previous comment . 
  people are getting poorer . 
  that 's the takeaway from the article . 
  if i were british i would n't think about some abstract bullshit like gdp . 
  i would think about stagnating income and rising prices . 
  just read the whole article and tell me if you would honestly subsume it as `` fantastic news '' . 
  as i never disputed the claims i do n't see why . 
  i just said that implication was n't good . 
  where did i say anything to the contrary ? 
  a growth rate lower than inflation means stalling incomes . 
  i wrote  yeah a growth rate that 's lower than inflation is a massive win for the people . 
   however , the bank still sees the economy slowing in 2018 , when it expects growth of 1.6 % . 
  it blames that deceleration on an expected slowdown in spending by households as they adjust to higher inflation . 
  t ** he bank thinks that income growth , when adjusted for inflation , will stall in 2017 . 
  ** it predicts `` a significant fall in the saving ratio over the next three years as consumers take time to adjust spending growth to weaker income flows '' . 
  the savings rate is expected to fall to 4 % , the lowest rate since records began in the early 1960s . 
  please read the article . 
  the only thing that has changed since brexit is that the bank thought that consumers would react stronger to the referendum . 
  people are so funny . 
  they only read the headline and celebrate it without looking into the article . 
   however , the bank still sees the economy slowing in 2018 , when it expects growth of 1.6 % . 
  it blames that deceleration on an expected slowdown in spending by households as they adjust to higher inflation . 
  the bank thinks that income growth , when adjusted for inflation , will stall in 2017 . 
  tremendous news . 
  the best news . 
  yeah the growth of the gdp is 2 % and the inflation will be 2.7 % meaning less stuff for the uk . 
  yeah a growth rate that 's lower than inflation is a massive win for the people . 
  european prices include 20 % vat . 
  if there is another war involving europe the only interesting launch sites are on uboats . 
  sure but are n't geostationary satellites more interesting for commercial purposes ? 
  sure for science or military lower orbit satellites it 's irrelevant but for telecom or tv you want a high geostationary orbit . 
  an equatorial launch site is therefore more interesting commercially . 
  it is still bigger than merkur . 
  the closer to the equator the better . 
  elon musk is like monorail guy from the simpsons . 
  that may be true but it 's a different topic . 
  is that a yes ? 
  because they are not the same people ? 
  he is talking about public opinion . 
   some manchildren do n't do that . 
  it instantly destroys any point you might have . 
  the less legal guns there are the less illegal guns there will be . 
  the legal market feeds the illegal one . 
  germany also has a strong industrial sector and loads of people in apprenticeships . 
  it simply has other economical requirements . 
  then again why would a nurse need formal training in science ? 
  they are working in a hierachal environment and are n't exactly free in their activities for legal reasons alone . 
  also 55 % of our 15 year olds are in an apprenticeship . 
  austria also still has a strong industrial sector that needs lots of qualified but not necessarily institutionally educated workers . 
   new jobs will be created and overal level of prosperity and weath will increase . 
  you ca n't grow ad infinitum .
