  and i think the best argument is right there : if they want to remain in the eea they 'd still have to let in workers from eu states , still pay to brussels , still follow their rules , but have no longer any say in it . 
  that 's not the point nor the scope of the article . 
  it 's a short opinion piece not an argumentative paper . 
  the statistics and facts have been layed out time and time again by various sources . 
  you do n't need germans to repeat them again . 
  hey i have to work with i 'm given . 
  but thanks for being ambiguously dismissive . 
  really adds to the non-conversation going on here . 
  fits right in . 
  it 's easier to dismiss than to address criticism . 
  the problem is that brexiters wo n't listen to anyone from outside the uk anyway . 
  oh come one he is responsible to his people . 
  he could have driven a much harder line . 
  hopefully the brexit will allow for tighter regulations of banks in the eurozone . 
  if the pound crashes it will affect mostly common people . 
  yeah not going to happen . 
  america will never ever let somebody else have a say in their affairs . 
  youre going to have to source `` hundreds of thousand of jobs to french/spanish '', 
  is that the best comment you could make ? 
  because you are n't really saying anything . 
  and in 5 years it different again . 
  have you ever been to the countries in question ? 
  also how the fuck do you not have an european identity ? 
  is growing up on britain really that bad ? 
  i know you like your propaganda and patriotic bull crap on tv but is it ready that one sided ? 
  because brexiters do n't sound like cunts ? 
  * british sparkling wine . 
  look if you have resort to sarcasm better do n't post at all . 
  no that 's just the time you have to leave the eu . 
  that 's not the time it takes to reach any trade agreement that goes beyond that . 
  that 's never enough time to be ratified by every eu government . 
  that 's not even the time frame in which the process has to start . 
  once the british government decides to leave , at some undetermined time after the referendum , then the 2 years start that you have to manage your exit . 
  should there be no agreement reached in that time you 're just out without any followup regulation . 
  in all that time the pound will not recover . 
  it will drop the day after the referendum and that 's all that 's certain at that point . 
  the uncertainty is going to last years because that 's how long it takes to get things organized . 
  and once the veil of uncertainty has been lifted you may not like what lies beneath it . 
  well the first thing that would happen is that the pound would drop . 
  that would make any imports more expensive effectively lowering your wage . 
  that 16 000 pound car is suddenly 20 000 . 
  your money is going to buy you less . 
  you get less bang for your buck . 
  take a look at the stuff in your house and see what 's made in the uk and what 's imported . 
  every tv , phone , computer made in this century for example probably is n't . 
  all that is going to get more expensive . 
  the 4000 pound difference from the car are the costs of the nearly 30 years eu membership btw . 
  only that the facilities in the uk are sized for the export to the european market . 
   let 's be clear , this would only take place pending a moment of biblical retardation on part of the eu . 
  it 's not the eu leaving the common market ... best case scenario is a free trade agreement but those take time . 
  time that toyota does n't have . 
  it can take easily a decade until a fta is ratified by all member states and that 's after it has been negotiated for years . 
  and what if slovakia rather had the jobs than a fta with the uk ? 
  you do little to clear that up . 
  the greeks also imported way more than they exported . 
  just take a look at the negotiations between the 4th largest economy on earth , japan and the eu . 
  being relatively big does n't get you anything . 
  those japanese and korean cars are all produced in the eu for example in the uk . 
  if toyota stays in the uk without access to the common market is everything but guaranteed . 
  with 15 % import tariffs on cars slovakia suddenly seems a lot more attractive for example and toyota already has infrastructure there . 
  i like how nonchalant you are about lowering your wage . 
  for what ? 
  so that the london elite can decide alone without interference from brussels ? 
  the parliament that 's one of the most undemocratic in the world in terms of accurately representing the will of the voters ? 
  at the end of the day when you brush aside any ideas of nationalism and patriotic glory , when you take a look in your wallet and a look in your freezer , what 's left then ? 
   the idea that there will be a push for the latter over some grandiloquent geopolitical factors is utter nonsense . 
  you must be new to this planet . 
  i will take this opportunity to welcome you here in the name of the people of earth !, 
  if you wanted democracy you would have voted for a voting reform . 
  it just means that they will have to pay more for that privilege . 
  mentioning the consequences of leaving the eu is n't a threat . 
  if i tell you that you will die when you jump down a building i 'm hardly threatening you . 
  british thinking that they are the only ones with a sense of humor . 
  another classic . 
  yeah they had some common sense back then and as i said strategic interests . 
  a craftsman polishes and sharpens his tools not because he loves them but because he needs them . 
  at least you will get rid of all those european pakistanis . 
  if they grant britain special privileges the idea of an unified europe dies . 
  so it 's eea at best most likely a norway deal . 
  that would be directly against the will of the brexit campaign . 
  it 's basically eu without any say in it at a slightly reduced cost , norway pay 107 $ per capita britain 139 . 
  it 's also worth mentioning what a shitshow negotiating a free trade agreement is . 
  ttip anyone ? 
   au contraire , the germany would have deserved to be transformed into an agricultural state as it was initially established with the other three allies that would have been of the dumbest and unjust decisions in human history . 
  not to mention completely unenforceable . 
  freedom of movement is a central part of the eea and as the brexit campaign is hugely centered around anti eu immigration it 's quite a stretch that eea membership would be in the what the british really want . 
  of course it would have a huge economical impact and would make british industries less competitive in the european market but if the british chose to go that way it 's their decision . 
  they did all of that to weaken the ussr . 
  if there had been a war germany would be a nuclear wasteland by now and most of it would have been us bombs to stop the advancing red army . 
  the us supported germany because it made strategic sense and nothing more . 
  the eu wo n't make the situation better . 
  despite what many think it 's not an omnipotent dictatorship . 
  it 's not set up to be one . 
  i mean he has a point when he says that it makes little sense for britain to vote against a club because you despise it 's rules and then join another club that follows the same rules only that now you have less influence on the rules . 
  that would n't reflect the will of the british people . 
  sch\u00e4uble already ruled a post brexit single market access out according to a recent interview with der spiegel . 
  it definitely looks like some grand 1920s style nationalistic delusion . 
  there 's no reason you should get a better deal than switzerland and there wo n't be free trade without freedom of movement . 
  and dublin as it is english speaking , maybe vienna as there are some headquarters for eastrn europe there that could be consolidated with the western european ones . 
  we should also ban all uk citizens from r/europe in case of a brexit .
