   although no mistakes or manipulation was found . 
  you have to add that they also did n't look for them . 
  yeah he always was one of the saner greens . 
  i wo n't say that the fp\u00f6 does n't encompass some of the same ideas those parties represent , well maybe except the extreme euro scepticism but they are much broader . 
  they always started at center right and were often home to the economic liberals which are never strong enough in austria to survive on their own . 
  especially with younger people and immigrants they were able to broaden their political appeal . 
  and at least they way i see it other right wing parties in europe have a much narrower appeal often because the liberals are often stringer so that they can survive on their own . 
  the fp\u00d6 is far less extreme than the parties it often gets lumped together with . 
  otherwise they could never pull the number they pull . 
  they are not an afd or an ukip or bnp . 
  cities were socialist for the most part and the rural areas where conservative . 
  the fp\u00d6 managed to pull away members and voters from both parties in their domains . 
  yeah but after the dissolution of the government and the second there were only something like two weeks . 
  way too little to show any effect because the new government was still untested and formed by the same parties . 
  that 's not what i said but nothing you have said sofar would lead me to belive that you are a guy for nuances anyway . 
  see you also think you are clever by quipping but you 're falling into the same trap he did . 
  the thing is that this has been happening all the time in austria . 
  people called the fp\u00d6 nazis so often that the word has lost all meaning . 
  if you would get called a nazi all the time you would just out of spite just as everybody would . 
  after being called a nazi over and over again haider said `` well at least he had some proper economic policies ( unlike the current government at the time ) '' . 
  it 's a quip . 
  yeah people who equate the fp\u00d6 with the far right have no clue about the political spectrum in austria . 
  because people keep calling normal political enemies all the time . 
  every time you call someone nazi because you disagree with him your normalize the word . 
  it 's the boy who cried wolf on a political level . 
  just like the label racist has lost its edge for a lot of people because it gets thrown around all the time . 
  what else do you expect in a post war austria ? 
  that all the nazis suddenly vanish ? 
   forgive me if i tell you that i do n't care , if calling out nazis hurt their precious feelings . 
  if you equate people that are n't nazis with nazis you normalise nazism . 
  one guy said that in 1991 in a heated debate . 
  a guy that 's dead for over a decade . 
  yeah but it showed people that their protest vote might actually win . 
  it 's one thing to vote for a thing out of spite for the government it 's another thing to see that choice actually win . 
  just look at the leave campaign and how flabbergasted they were when they actually managed to win . 
  but after the first round . 
  kern was still an unknown quantity at that time . 
  that he did n't completely mess up during summer let the people forget why they were voting hofer in the first place . 
  because you are only getting the editorialized version of events . 
  the difference is way bigger this time so they probably wo n't even try it . 
  also populists are at their best when they actually do n't have to to do anything . 
  just look at the mess the leave campaign left in their wake . 
  the government stepped down after the first round of the election . 
  that absorbed a lot of anger the people had . 
  plus the refugee crisis is n't at the center of attention the same way it was in 2015 . 
  the full effects of brexit wo n't be seen until 20 or 30 years later . 
  if there is a hard brexit it will cause structural changes in the british economy and those take their sweet time . 
  it may not decide the fate of current production lines but once it 's necessary to retool or to commit to other big investments it may very well be a deciding factor between sussex and slovakia . 
  but the initial impression it left was n't a good one to put it mildly . 
  i want to thank the brits that showed the people in austria that going full populism rarely works out the way you imagined it . 
  brexit was a factor as was trump . 
  also the government , the chancellor and his cabinet ( * ) , stepped down after the first round and that absorbed a lot of anger and over the summer the new government did n't mess things too much up . 
  edit : * : clarification, 
  well the constitutional court disagrees with you and i tend to belive them . 
  with the election being decided by only 30k votes they had an exceptionally strong case . 
  sure you can fault the other parties for not contesting the results of the first round but griss would have to have shown a potential swing of 100k votes which is harder to do and she had less resources . 
  then griss or whoever should have shown that courage . 
  but with a difference of only 30k votes the fp\u00d6 had a very strong argument that even limited manipulation could have swung the result . 
  that makes for a far better case . 
  we ca n't have apathy when the sacrosanctity of the electoral process is at stake . 
  the fp\u00d6 could demonstrate in court that rules had ben bend . 
  that 's enough reason for me to discount the result of the vote . 
  i do n't need people to die to think that driving drunk should be punished so i do n't need there to be proof of actual fraud when the rules have been ignored that are there to make fraud impossible . 
  proving that manipulation has happened is infinitely harder and time consuming . 
  there was limited time available . 
  a process that ca n't work within the confines of the rules regulating the process is inherently broken . 
  elections ca n't have the shadow of a doubt . 
  they ca n't exist in a grey continuum where technicalities are ignored for practical reasons . 
  i ca n't fault the court when he plays it safe when it comes to elections . 
  better to do it during a low priority election then to have to have the same discussion during the next parliamentary elections that have way more real world consequences . 
  closing both eyes to real world problems of the election process just because the outcome is convenient is thoroughly anti democratic and i have lost a great deal of respect for a lot of people that attacked the court for this correct and important decision that displayed a lot of foresight . 
  it 's better to call the fire brigade when there is jsut smoke than when there is a full blown blaze . 
   he problems were purely formal and the court decision resulted from an interpretation of the law that none of the legal expertes of the state authorities shared . 
  yeah because some county officials are not the really an authority when it comes to law but the highest court is . 
  form matters when it comes to voting . 
  you ca n't just wing it . 
   the formal problems also often resulted from members of the fp\u00d6 not showing up to monitor the counting of the votes when they were supposed to do so . 
  [ the only thing i can remember was that they showed up when they were supposed to show up and that the other volunteers had already started sometimes the day before . 
   now , the inner workings of this are rather shady and smell more of political intrigue than anything else . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  the government massively expanded the ability for people to cast a postal vote without changing the way those votes are being counted . 
  that lead to the volunteers being completely overworked and rule breaking almost being a necessity . 
  before 2007 you could only cast a postal vote if you were out of country at the time of voting and someone in austria had to vouch for your identity . 
  those restrictions were lifted through a constitutional change which lead to the situation at the last election where far more absentee votes have been cast than ever before . 
  without changing the modus of counting those votes it was bound to blow up sooner or later and i 'm glad that someone had the courage to challenge that before it happened at an important election . 
  the system of absentee votes has to change before the next parliamentary election . 
  democracy lives and dies by the trust people have in elections . 
  any electoral system has to be above suspicion . 
  any rule breaking is a direct threat to that trust . 
  if the rules are flimsy they have to be replaced with more robust ones . 
  if rule breaking is a necessity that has to be addressed . 
  most media outlets just do n't get the fp\u00d6 and have n't for the last 30 years . 
  the majority of the population of europe lives that way . 
  http://i.imgur.com/epopxiv.jpg at least here in austria nature is only an hour 's drive away at most . 
  yeah that 's exactly the mindset that 's behind the anti vaccination movement , flat earthers and sovereign citizens . 
   as an individual you still need to consider whether or not someone really is an expert only that you lack any ability to do that . 
  contrary to what you belive about yourself you are most likely not omniscient . 
  yeah but greece is basically empty outside of athens . 
  becasue it 's specifically designed to be not perishable without refrigeration allowing for shipping in the 19th century . 
  well it is in austria .
