  oh fuck of . 
  gays ca n't marry . 
  big fucking deal . 
  the civil partnership in germany is equal to marriage in everything but name and joint adoption . 
  it 's not a fight worth fighting especially since i expect the courts to rectify the adoption situation sooner or later . 
  `` second class citizens '' what a joke . 
  if their union is equal in rights but different in name everyone can be happy and it 's not worth pissing political capital away for a name and nothing more . 
  haha same here . 
  i thought they went completely mad . 
  well and i think that having to pay taxes is justified . 
  i do n't know the situation in italy but in the austrian-us taxation treaty artists have to pay taxes in the country they perform in and not in the country of residence which usually is the case for other jobs . 
  i do n't think it 's justified if snoop defrauds the italian public . 
  if you carry it over international borders without declaring it is a very real problem . 
  tax evasion , money laundering , drug and human trafficking , and terrorism are a few areas that make laws like that necessary . 
  for example us artist have to pay taxes in austria for their concerts there et vice versa if the income from that exceeds 20000 $ per year . 
  blair was prime minister for 10 years too . 
  thatcher was prime minister for 11 years . 
  chirac 12 . 
  it 's really only kohl that was unusually long in power . 
  the way i understood the british `` constitution '' is that there is none , in a formal sense like e.g. 
  the us constitution or the german grundgesetz , and that whatever parliament decides is law and above all scrutiny which frankly is a ridiculous amount of power concentration . 
  sorry but the hardcore pornography of today has very little to do with a natural understanding of sex , love and intimacy . 
  being opposed to letting your kids watch a 18 year old meth addict getting abused by 40 40 year old viagra addicts in california has nothing to do with wrapping them in foam . 
  of course the approach of cameron is ridiculous and basically unenforceable . 
  i think he 's simply disgusted by all those old girls in today 's porn . 
  he was probably sitting at home wanking away to his collection when he stumbled upon a website that featured a girl doing porn that already had tits and even some pubic hair !, 
  the should block it eu wide . 
  well i trust that their expenses were n't lower than they reported . 
  the fact that now that there is concrete data their expenses are 33 % lower . 
  fact is that any greek pre crisis numbers are worthless . 
  they first counted the total number of government employees in 2010 ffs . 
  you greece apologists always argue with the numbers they reported to the oecd etc. 
  while they were obviously cooking their books the whole time . 
  it would almost seem like not having a budget inflated to 150 % of what you can manage does not warrant a 33 % cut . 
  you got what your reply deserved . 
  lol you must be a young one . 
  i expect them to get around 30 % in vienna . 
  everyone 's an asshole . 
  as long as you do n't vote fp\u00d6 you ca n't pick something wrong or right . 
  yeah and i 'm going to continue to use ms products because using linux is not worth the hassle and the lack of compatibility . 
  i ca n't think of shadier people than anyone that 's involved with the russian government at a high level . 
   citation needed . 
  15 years of following linux and trying to get it to work for me . 
  compared to windows it 's always a hassle with zero visible benefit on home desktop . 
  and as i said ditching microsoft wo n't do anything as long as you use google services or have an american or chinese router or your data comes anywhere near america in any way shape or form . 
  and even if it does n't the bnd will just spy on you on behalf of america . 
  http://www.golem.de/news/operation-eikonal-bnd-zapft-telekom-in-frankfurt-an-1412-110965.html do you want security ? 
  get an extra machine and keep it offline . 
  migrating to linux does shit . 
  linux always has potential but it 's the follow up that sucks in 99 % of all cases . 
  also the op calls see the disability to disabled updates as evidence of a `` botnet '' . 
  if ms would do anything shady with the stuff it would n't be visible in the first place . 
  pointing at a setting and mumbling conspiracy theorist shit is pants on head retarded . 
  yeah yeah and next year is going to be the year of linux on desktop . 
  blah blah blah . 
  i 've heard the same story for 15 years now . 
  as a gamer your main machine should run windows 10 no matter what some 14 year old expert on 4chan says . 
  if you do n't trust ms then get an extra machine for office and sensitive work . 
  it should cost you a third of what your gpu cost you . 
  and if you really worry about privacy and security then fucking ditch all google products including your android smartphone before you ditch anything from microsoft . 
  and what 's the legal status of that ? 
  there are multiple travel agencies selling hunting in hwange park . 
  [ here 's one for example . 
  ] ( http://www.jagdreisen-glunz.de/afrika/simbabwe/jagen-in-simbabwe-jagdreisen-glunz.html ) do you have a source for your claim that it is completely illegal ? 
  it was sold by the guys selling the hunting permits . 
  you can legally hunt in that park . 
  [ here 's a german travel agency organizing hunting trips to zimbabwe including that national park . 
  if the entity overseeing the park says it is legal it is legal . 
  if the national government then turns around and says it is n't legal because it turns out the lion is famous then it 's a intragovernmental problem . 
  if i go to a government agency here in austria to buy a fishing permit i expect their word to be law and if it turns out that they made a mistake it 's their mistake and not mine . 
  and that should be true even in africa . 
  blaming the paying tourist is just your standard racist zimbabwe for you . 
  the whole story is a farce . 
  you do realize that the license was sold to him by the zimbabwean government and only after it came out that the lion was famous they turned 180 \u00b0 ? 
  it 's completely ridiculous . 
  what ??? 
  how does that even make remotely sense ? 
  you can buy hunting licenses in nearly every country from sweden to south africa . 
  a bear cost only 4k $ in sweden for example . 
  an elephant 12k $ in zimbabwe . 
  if a species is endangered only uncontrolled hunting is a problem . 
  you can still hunt old members of a pride for example or maybe locally there is one or two lions too much . 
  they just complain after the fact because it was a famous lion . 
  now that it turns out that one of their own agencies that oversees safaris at the park organized the hunt sold a proper license to it they ca n't change directions again . 
  the government down there is a fucking clusterfuck and if this story teaches us anything then that tourism in africa is not a good idea . 
  killing older animals can be good for the population especially with predators . 
  anyway that 's up to zimbabweans to decide and if you contact an official agency and purchase a permit you should n't prosecuted afterwards . 
  hunting tourism is an important source of revenue for those wildlife conservation projects . 
  wildlife has to be hunted anyway to keep populations in check so why not sell the rights ? 
  it 's the same here in austria . 
  oh i forgot that we are talking about africans who are n't as enlightened as the noble swedes and are unable to manage their own resources because they are incapable of governing themselves . 
  he paid the zimbabwe professional hunters and guides association money to hunt a lion because it was in africa it 's obviously a bribe and not a fee like in the scandinavian paradise called sweden . 
  maybe you could send some developmental aid to help the stupid africans to regulate their hunts . 
  [ yeah it 's far cheaper to hunt in sweden ] ( http://www.jagdreisen-glunz.de/europa/schweden/jagen-in-schweden-jagdreisen-glunz226.html ) a brown bear is only 4k $, 
  it 's up to the africans to manage their resources . 
  if they can earn good money from organizing safaris in a sustainable way they would be stupid not to capitalize on it . 
  the article clearly states that :  the zimbabwe professional hunters and guides association admitted that its members were involved and that the case was being investigated . 
  it claims it was a private safari and therefore not illegal , but the government insists that the lion lived on the reserve and came under its protection . 
  it 's ridiculous to blame the spaniard and they are going to ruin their hunting buisness, 
   this was done illegally , and knowingly so source ?
