  if there is 30k votes difference in a country of nearly 9 million people ... might as well throw stuff at the wall and see what sticks . 
  also illustrates why it 's important that elections results are beyond reproach and every little step is following the rules and well documented . 
  i actually think that 's one of the less cringy things orban has done yet . 
  i do n't think that people that get offended by this could be swayed by anything . 
  well that 's a tricky one since the uk has no explicit constitution . 
  the article you linked mentions welsh taxes . 
   last month , the welsh assembly passed a bill to allow for the collection of the first welsh taxes in 800 years -- land transaction tax and landfill disposals tax . 
  you may be a weak federations as the member states have no separate voice in your central parliament like the us senate however all your mps are elected on a regional basis giving some kind of representation . 
  if you compare that for example with austria we have far less regional mps and although there is a federal second chamber in our parliament it only has a suspensive veto . 
  do you have regional parliaments ? 
  if yes you are a federation . 
  the more layers the less power one layer has . 
  the more regional a government the better . 
  if anything i would get rid of the nation state . 
  your colonial history with england has little to do with the eu . 
  if anything it reduces the influence the central government has over minority groups . 
  the eu membership of austria and italy has basically put aside any questions about south tyrol . 
  depends on how the aftermath is handled on all sides . 
  if there are little to no concessions to a leaving uk it might also serve as a sobering reminder why the eu is a good thing . 
  a vote against the eu is just a vote for more realtive power to london at a presumably substantial economical cost . 
  ca n't really compare federal taxes and eu funds . 
  being blamed for something and being the cause for something are two different things . 
  oh please how many people have real grievances with eu fishing quotas . 
  real as in they are actually affected by it . 
  and how does that compare to the number of people that just want out because they really hate belgium ? 
  from the outside nationalism and british exceptionalism are at the core of the leave movement . 
  i get that but if their hands are bound they could at least let me insult those people . 
  i 'm on the side of the mods most of the time and this was just meant jokingly . 
  then do a better job at removing comments that trivialise the third reich . 
  you frame it like they have a choice in the matter . 
  they have to implement eu directives and regulations or they get fined just like everyone else . 
  care to argue your point at least one teeny little bit ? 
  people in europe are way closer than they think . 
  the biggest outliers are the mediterraneans and they are pretty similar to each other . 
  at least from my own admittedly superficial and flawed experience . 
  yeah but what i do n't get is that all the darker ones that come to the uk cone there from the commonwealth and not the uk . 
  your muslims are predominantly pakistani and your black people carribian or nigerian . 
  that has nothing to do with the eu at all . 
  the main characteristic of fascism was organized street violence . 
  austro fascism for example was decidedly pro church and christian . 
  uk companies ca n't offer financial services anymore , eu headquarters of companies ca n't be in the uk anymore , no car built in the uk , like toyotas for example , will be able to compete in the eu anymore and the factories will move to slovakia for example etc. 
  it 's a whole slew of things that add up and 15 % import taxes into the eu matter in a highly competitive world . 
  you forgot about nationalism you < insert stereotype  < insert nationality  !!, 
   i 'm pretty sure he just called your ambassador a butthole . 
  io and behold ladies and gentlemen , the american education system at work . 
  the referendum is 0 or 1 . 
  why ? 
  if they do t agree on anything the contracts run out with no replacement . 
  the it 's back to wto rules for trade . 
  there 's one base level for trade outside the eu and that is the wto . 
  trading according to wto rules is n't economic warfare . 
  punitive tariffs and sanctions would be but nobody is advocating that . 
  no special treatment would be enough imho . 
  i disagree . 
  if britain gets the benefits of the eu without the associated costs the eu is dead . 
  the brexit can under no circumstances be allowed to set a positive precedent for a leaving country . 
   but all you will be doing is validating the assumption that the eu is anti-democratic . 
  i do n't follow . 
  you can make a democratic decision to leave but that where british sovereignty ends . 
   this exit does n't have to be destructive . 
  it can be reasonable , amicable and mutually beneficial . 
  we 'll still share intelligence , fight wars , catch criminals , do science and trade with each other . 
  it ca n't possibly be . 
  otherwise every net payer would be stupid to stay . 
  germany et al. 
  pay for euro membership and get the free market in return . 
  that 's the value proposition for those nations . 
  remove that and the eu disintegrates . 
  neither will be your work . 
  some ancient concept . 
  if you had two brain cells you would be also scared that eu collapses . 
  just fuck off with comments like that . 
  punishing in this case would only mean not offering any benefits . 
  if you had learned any ting from versailles you would n't try to pull that stupid stunt . 
  a strong signal is needed for the eu to survive . 
  keep in mind all that strong signal is is the clear cut that the uk wants anyway . 
  do n't worry that 's just how fascism started everywhere . 
  only the brexit side lies to incite fear . 
  you ha e to be absolutely stupid to belive that a brexit would go over without economical consequences . 
  not punishing would destroy the eu . 
  look i 'm just sharing my opinion in search for an interesting discussion . 
  if your contribution is that i 'm merely a `` cheerleader '' then maybe you should n't participate in it . 
   the last time there was posturing of the kind you suggest there was war in europe . 
  yeah that 's why the brexit was a stupid idea from the beginning . 
  it was meant as posturing but of course it completely went out of control as those thing tend to do . 
  i have zero grudge against germany and would welcome a strict line . 
  whether the uk is in the emu is irrelevant as the next countries in line would be in it . 
  a positive outcome in case of a brexit is going to cost us . 
  my whole family is dependent on the well being of austrian industrial companies and those are directly dependent on the fate of german industries . 
  as soon as analysts feel like the uk is going to get free market access without eu membership the eu is dead . 
  it 's going to be a living corpse with nations leaving over every disagreement . 
  that fact alone is going to devalue the euro . 
  for compromises to work there have to be consequences that are worse than giving in to a compromise . 
  just shake your victim mentality off . 
  it 's not a bad thing that germany has that power and whether you like it or not it has it . 
  it 's jsut something we all have to deal with and nobody blames germany for being to active . 
  the opposite at worst . 
  they also do n't want to have another economical crisis . 
  it 's just my opinion of what would have to happen if germany had its own interests in mind . 
  it 's not a fault of the eu that french like to strike evey second tuesday .
