  that does n't make any sense at all . 
  or just speck . 
  just like we just say spaghetti and not long thin noodles . 
  from romanian and there from latin placenta . 
  buchteln , golatschn , powidl , kren , kukkuruz , weichsel and potitzen are slavic for example . 
  nope . 
  paradeiser comes from paradies . 
  like adam and eve . 
  but it has found its way into other languages like bosnian again . 
  bratislava is a nice city today . 
  the ugliest sight usually are british tourists that do what they do best all over europe . 
  drink way beyond their limit . 
  its a german loanword in some slavic languages . 
  there quite a few of them unsurprisingly . 
  probably my favorite one is \u0161rafciger for screwdriver in bosnian . 
  well until they leave the common market . 
  if you look at the exchange rate it is fluctuating lightly . 
  is your muslim/black/asian population included that nation of yours ? 
  you just define a nation as the magical sweet spot to govern . 
  why do you think that that 's the case ? 
  i 'm not that nationalistic so you have to help me understand that . 
  should we here in austria join germany again ? 
  sorry but here you are just assuming that the uk is at a magical sweet spot . 
  and which they can in a european federation . 
  but if you look at countries with a long history of central governance they are all dominated by their capitals . 
  like london or paris . 
  contrast that to munich and berlin . 
  and wales is different than london and thats different than glasgow . 
  the uk is n't magically the right size to get things done the proper way . 
  at least here in austria we were bound to germany since the end of bretton-woods anyway . 
  never officially but our central bank simply mimicked the german one in every step . 
  the problem is that the danish economy is most likely extremely tightly tied to the german one like all countries neighbouring germany . 
  austria for example . 
  field hands make like 5 $ per hour after tax . 
  yeah but that gets you in a whole other world of trouble . 
  that means that no judge has ever seen the matter like a parking or speeding ticket . 
  assault or battery would set a whole other process into action . 
  and for the third time you are wrong . 
  the uk is pretty isolated when it comes to its position . 
  you insisting that that is n't the case does n't change that . 
  and you insulting me does n't change my position either . 
  nor does drawing false analogies all the time . 
  no i ignore it because if we start to assuming shit we can talk forever without achieving anything . 
  sure the uk wants only market access without having to mingle with the dirty continentals but that ai n't going to happen . 
  not even germany is that stupid . 
  because you have a fixed idea of a two tier union which will never happen . 
  you just assume that it will happen and use that as the base of your arguments and i choose to ignore that . 
  yeah if that 's the tone you want in your discussion you can talk to yourself . 
  all i want for non eurozone members to seek that protection by leaving the union and the market and not by hamstringing it . 
  a europe of two speeds is going to work as well as different parts of a car going at two speeds . 
  you should n't get access if you are outside the union . 
  especially when it comes to the service market . 
  yeah if you are going to compare median after tax incomes between the us and the eu the eu is always going to look worse . 
  the median does n't give a shit about extreme inequality just as the average . 
  nah a `` anstandsverletzung '' requires a public setting . 
  it 's more for things like public urination or running around naked . 
  a friend of mine got fined because he pissed against a police station . 
  a country like sweden still has another outlook on the euro than one that 's never going to join . 
  sweden has to and will some time down the road . 
  it 's really only the uk . 
  yeah but the debtor would have to pay these costs . 
  yes but that 's more or less code for the uk . 
  the others have to join once they are ready and denmark is pegged to the euro via erm ii . 
  the danish krone is pegged to the euro anyway . 
  see the thing is you feel like the uk needs protection from encroaching legislation . 
  does n't hat confirm my suspicion ? 
  you can make the tyranny of the majority argument against every single form of democratic statehood . 
  it 's not suddenly worse because the eu has more people . 
  all you 're saying with that is that you feel like the people in europe have other interests than your nation and you think that your nation is somehow special in its needs . 
  which of course is utter nonsense . 
  i fully support that . 
  the euro was always intended to force a political union . 
  in the end there 's only going to be euro states left in the eu . 
  as an austrian i always felt connected to the former countries of the monarchy . 
  especially the czech , hungarians and slovenians . 
  we share 1000 years of history . 
  because nobody can refute that britain has problems in some areas . 
  but to blame the eu for them is just stupid . 
  like the housing bubble is not the work of polish immigrants . 
  because austrians generally like the eu and are very egalitarian . 
  so the constant special treatment the uk recives and the fact that their only purpose in the eu seems to be to slow it down for the us does n't fly especially well . 
  plus personally for me stuff like the iraq war . 
  it just seems like they do n't see themselves as part of europe and are only in the eu for their personal gain . 
  if they could they would ship their whole island to the east coast of the us . 
  you forgot to add : awesome neighbors . 
  austria is the same but we have some more similarities to the balkan in some regions . 
  maize for example is eaten as sterz south of the alps similar to the romanian m\u0103m\u0103lig\u0103 or slovenian \u017dganci . 
   who has won out of that transaction ? 
  the chinese because they get to keep their production capabilities . 
  in the long term we ca n't get dependent on chinese steel . 
  once they drive their competitors out of business they can dictate the market price . 
  they expanded their steel manufacturing capacities massively during the past years and they are in phase now where their domestic market has to consolidate . 
  they are going to have to let 400k people go . 
  or they manage to dump their subsidized steel in some market and ruin the producers there that do n't get public funding . 
  as i said that was maybe edgy in the 18th or 19th century . 
  you seem to be stuck there . 
  there 's hardly anything edgy about being a republican in the 21st century . 
  because they were one of the few houses that were even around for that long . 
  half of europe has some sort of french bourbon offspring and the other half imported a lesser house from germany . 
  if you 're so keen to be ruled by a bulldog faced german just choose merkel .
