  some stuff like climate change and automatisation of labour can only be handled on a global scale . 
  you do n't need to completely wipe out the enemy to make war cost prohibitive . 
  if you nuke 5 cities in the us their economy is suddenly 50 % smaller . 
  in the 19th century war was still a good business . 
  today its economical suicide . 
  if the choice is between compromise and mutually assured destruction there is n't really a choice . 
  war is too costly . 
  nukes only made it more costly . 
  war simply is n't an option for conflict resolution anymore . 
  scarcity of resources is just going to provide the reasons for conflicts and since war simply does n't work anymore something else will have to take its place . 
  just look at all the wars post wwii . 
  nothing serious except civil wars . 
  it 's either a superpower bashing a 3rd world country or internal conflicts that remained limited in scope compared to wwii . 
  the iran iraq war is the only international conflict that comes to my mind that resembled a good old fashioned war between nations . 
  in a world of nukes and dwindling natural resources global unity is inevitable . 
  if war is n't an option anymore between sufficiently sophisticated societies other frameworks for conflict resolution will have to be created and with time they will have to get more and more encompassing . 
  the eus endgame is to be incorporated into another even bigger entity . 
  and because there were germans living there . 
  probably not widely known but i 'm aware of it but only because i googled the different names of austria once out of curiosity . 
  ponds are vastly superior btw . 
  getting all melodramatic on reddit may not be the reason but i can tell you for sure that it is n't the solution either . 
  i 'm not sure but i think we have a breakdown of communication here . 
  `` for christ 's sake '' is an interjection , a phrase that 's usually added to emphasize something . 
  granted my phone swallowed the apostrophe . 
   probably . 
  that 's how far i got by myself but i honestly only encountered the acronym in the vicinity of sneakers and skinny jeans . 
  no wonder that your country goes down the drain if you all have that attitude towards learning . 
  you could have simply told what mfa means instead of getting all pissy about it . 
  melodramatic mediterraneans ... 
  you seem a bit high-strung . 
  the austrian nation is a fiction to them . 
  they are austrian citizens but german nationals . 
  they already were an international movement in the 30s of the last century . 
  the difference is that the countries at the time wanted war for a decade at that point . 
  a casus belli is only one if you want it to be one . 
  male fashion advice ? 
  there 's nothing subtle about the racism here . 
  yeah like iraqi insurgents only less organized or successful . 
  same type of guys that are in guantanamo or some polish or czech black site . 
  so she had to kill people because she killed people ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that the us killed plenty of `` insurgents '' in iraq . 
  that 's not what i said . 
  but nice try . 
  the point is that you are just stopping the chain of causation arbitrarily at germany instead of the direct cause which is russia . 
  you skip right over them , right over the conference of jalta just so you can blame them . 
  that 's retarded . 
  the victors of wwi and ii shaped the post war world . 
  before wwi austria and russia bordered germany . 
  blame the british and the french for creating states to be occupied in the first place . 
  it 's just as nonsensical . 
  russia is n't some kind of natural disaster and germany is n't the one who let the windows open and the rain in . 
  russia is the direct cause . 
  you can but you risk not being taken seriously . 
  you ca n't blame germany for poland in the 80s . 
  i would say the deciding factor is whether you seek citizenship or not . 
  i have multiple family members that often stayed for decades in african or arabian countries as engineers for european companies . 
  they were there because of their job and not because they wanted to emigrate . 
  for me expat and work go hand in hand . 
  imho if you live somewhere else after retirement it gets iffy but that 's about it . 
  i would n't want to try to make it about `` status '' . 
  it 's more of an attitude question . 
  probably haider but he was a smarter politican . 
  if trump is any italian he is berlusconi . 
  at least you still have some sense left . 
  nah the real difference is that an expat is only temporarily in another country and makes no effort integrating into the local society . 
  there are austrian emigrants and expats in the us and in turkey . 
   do n't need it . 
  you 're forgetting that you do n't have another empire to spend this time . 
  no they would be called expats because as they are glorious british they obviously are n't dirty migrants of any sort . 
  we are talking about an economic war mate . 
  forget the wto . 
  it 's sanction times we are talking about . 
  your currency would tank so hard that being a net importer as you are would n't work for long . 
  your whole high tech industry would collapse overnight as they are reliant on imports . 
  every eu headquarter of multinationals would relocate within a month . 
  that is burning down the house . 
  your economy does n't work completely on its own . 
  trillions would be gone as the real estate bubble finally collapses . 
  it would be the most costly blunder in human history . 
  you really need a reality check . 
  no , an economic war with the eu is burning down the house . 
  you essentially propose to burn down your house to spite your neighbors . 
  you have had less and less political capital since cameron started talking about having a referendum in the first place . 
  being a reliable partner is what makes your word count . 
  the problem is you ca n't start with informal talks or they never end . 
  you 'd end up with 7 years of informal talks until everything is agreed upon beforehand all the while you 'd have the looming threat of a sudden declaration of brexit hanging over your heads with constantly changing governments on all sides expect the german one . 
  not talking to the uk until there is a deadline regulating those talks is not being done to spite the uk but because it is a necessity . 
  attitudes towards slaves changed over time antoninus pius for example made it illegal to kill slaves without just cause . 
  in general once romans expansion , which was the major source for slaves , stopped attitudes towards them changed . 
  pick any modern biography of caligula . 
  chances are good you will find one that expresses that view . 
  a point you will often find is that caligula broke with the augustinian fiction of the emperor being a kind of primus inter pares who derived his authority from the senate . 
  any eccentricity of his can be seen as deliberate sleight towards the senate to put them in their place so to say . 
  picking his horse to be a consul instead of a senator for example . 
  the senate did n't like this degradation for understandable reasons and murdered him . 
  since history at the time was written by the victors the same way it is today and historical records were written by people of or close to the senatorial class you have to take ancient history always with a giant grain of salt . 
  the damnatio memoriae mentioned in the op also plays into this which may or may not have affected caligula . 
  often imperial successors would reverse a damnatio for their own legitimacies sake . 
  what can be said with certainty is that the senatorial class did n't like him . 
  how much of what they wrote after the fact is truth and how much of it is propaganda written in part to justify their murder of his to themselves and to posterity is another and largely unanswerable question .
