  because a banking collapse would have caused way more damage everywhere . 
  no it is n't . 
  greece received 115 times the money it received from the marshall plan . 
  also that has nothing do with that it was 70 years ago . 
  the data is inflation adjusted so why does that mater ? 
  also he should have the fucking decency to represent his voters . 
  it 's been a problem for greece since their independence from turkey so for roughly 180 years now . 
  constantly making excuses why now is n't the `` right time '' does nothing . 
  greece still borrowed that money beforehand . 
  they borrowed the money and did nothing with it . 
  4 times the money all of europe received . 
  but they used the bailout money in the decades before the crash . 
  only they did n't build anything of lasting value . 
  but greece really needs to overcome clientelism and they did shit to get rid of it . 
  why talk in english at all . 
  i guess part of the reason is that merkel is safer domestically and that she can herald austerity without losing too much ground at home . 
  they could have gone into the elections without promising things they could never achieve . 
  well the greek government is in default to the imf already . 
  if the value of the banks collateral goes down why should n't the ecb react to that ? 
  there 's a lot of stuff that 's losing value in greece right now . 
  the property market is losing value as are any shares those greek banks might have in greek companies . 
  just because those are outside the control if the banks is not a reason for the ecb not to react to them . 
  syriza is in power for 5 months now . 
  5 months of negotiations . 
  5 months that have been lost for greece . 
  5 months that have been stolen from the greek people . 
  and they had even more time before that . 
  greece still owes a lot of money but they literally have decades to pay it back . 
  that would be gruesome . 
  the submarines had been built in a greek shipyard one of the few foreign investments in greek industries . 
  only that countries like germany or the netherlands are also net food exporters whereas countries like greece have to import food . 
  that 's a reason i almost always pay with cards . 
  yeah but i can kinda understand why they would n't want to risk it with an experimental engine . 
  i just wanted to say that there are definitely special rules for flights over water and it 's not just all the same troposphere legally speaking . 
  it carries additional risk and siemens does n't feel comfortable to carry that risk . 
  or it is indeed an intervention by airbus but i think that 's less likely . 
  yes and if the engine fails it 's still siemens reputation that 's on the line and the risk of lawsuits etc. 
  it 's about liability . 
  generally aircraft that fly over water have at least 2 engines in the case that one should fail . 
  it 's siemens covering their ass in case the engine fails . 
  of course it 's good source of income for the state . 
  exports to greece amounted to 0.4 % of the german exports into the eu last year . 
  not much of a loss . 
  what i mean is that if my money end up in greece it ca n't be a black box regarding accountability . 
  the european institutions have to have a way to enforce their rules . 
  i have no problem with a fiscal union . 
  but no taxation without representation . 
  if they want european transfers they need european oversight . 
  european tax enforcement , being able to arrest corrupt politicians etc. 
  but that is not as easy to achieve politically . 
  if power shifts from the members to the union the current elites lose influence . 
  that 's why they shit on europe on every opportunity . 
  in reality a bureaucrat in brussels cares just as much about wales as a bureaucrat in london . 
  countries like greece are fucked over not only by the euro . 
  even if they could devalue their currency how would they compete with countries like china on the low end or germany or the us on the high end ? 
  would they accept chinese wages ? 
  would greece engineers stay in greece and earn less or would they move to other countries anyway where they could earn more ? 
  also it 's not only germans who are the problem in a fiscal union . 
  60 % of all greek people just demonstrated on this weekend what they think about the loss of sovereignty . 
  austria would be in a similar situation as greece if we did n't have deep economical ties to the european core . 
  yeah but who runs a ducking 15 % of the gdp deficit per year ? 
  government sponsored rails also moves people around and thus creates value but employing people to play with their thumbs does nothing . 
  we need a fiscal union . 
  the only question is how much it has to hurt before that reaches the nationalistic masses . 
  well do n't submit a biased piece of opinion if you do n't want a biased discussion . 
  maybe ? 
  maybe not ? 
  and what exactly in the maastricht treaty ? 
  well then buckle up world economy because we are going down . 
  and their spending was 45 % of the gdp . 
  compare that with the 32 % of pre crisis tax collection . 
  jesus christ you 're an idiot . 
  maybe if you used more than one word it would be clearer what you are alluding too . 
  how about a solution that does n't require additional loans ? 
  i was more think about stuff like the irs . 
  yeah . 
  just like african countries for example . 
  i find it 's an apt illustration of the situation . 
  all tsirpas to threaten the eurozone with is self destruction . 
  why should she care ? 
  she 's not the chancellor of europe . 
  it 's not her job to care about anything but german interests . 
  what a load of crap . 
  eastern european countries were exploited far longer and manage to do way better . 
  the greeks frivolously spent their loans by buying votes for government jobs and on unnecessary luxuries like the rotting olympic arenas . 
  and that happened all within the last 15 years at a time where countries like poland and slovenia were still recovering from socialism . 
  it is controllable in the us . 
  tax could be a problem if anybody would pay it . 
  but they hardly pay any taxes so who knows . 
  but that 's a problem and not a solution . 
  if the whole family has to live and is able to live of one pension something is seriously wrong . 
  try using chrome . 
  i said it goes to 300 % in one specific metric using other metrics all the time does nothing to clear that up . 
  yeah their real gdp in inflation adjusted euros did mot rise by 300 % but neither did germanys double . 
  and i only use that stupid metric because people are claiming they lost a third of their gdp and then they show a graph where they go from 30k $ per capita to 20k $ also using gdp per capita in dollars . 
  of course this graph does n't go to 300 % because again it 's a completely different measure . 
  this graph does https://www.google.at/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;amp;ion=1&amp;amp;espv=2&amp;amp;ie=utf-8#q=bip%20pro%20kopf%20griechenland, 
  i never said inflation adjusted . 
  i wrote exactly what measure to look at , gdp per capita in dollars . 
  you can still see the bubble here http://www.google.com/publicdata/explore?ds=pg78h3gmq4ci_&amp;ctype=l&amp;strail=false&amp;bcs=d&amp;nselm=h&amp;met_y=i2000&amp;scale_y=lin&amp;ind_y=false&amp;rdim=country_group&amp;idim=country_group:eu:non-eu&amp;idim=country:de:fr:el:it:pl:se:uk&amp;ifdim=country_group&amp;tstart=962856000000&amp;tend=1373083200000&amp;ind=false,
