  then the euro is going to take a dive and the whole eurozone with it . 
  germany has very good economical reasons to make it clear that leaving the eu will hurt . 
  i doubt that your feel good reasons will matter much . 
  that trade deficit wo n't disappear overnight . 
  eu or not . 
  the trust in the euro can disappear overnight and that 's going to cost everyone . 
  and they are already living in it by rejecting german bread . 
  all modern white bread comes from vienna . 
  anyone who eats surstr\u00f6mming is n't allowed an opinion anyway . 
   it would fuel brexit propaganda about a ` vindictive ' eu . 
  well it would n't matter anymore at that point would it ? 
  i 'm talking about the day after . 
  if the eu shows any weaknesses the euro will tank and that will take the global economy with it once again . 
  not if germany and france go all medieval on their asses . 
  if the uk lands outside a free trade agreement it 's going to hurt them badly . 
  my prediction is that you will hear very harsh tones from the germans in case of a brexit in an attempt to save the eu . 
  the germans really want the eu and that 's why you usually hear little of them but i would n't be surprised if there are going to be very clear statements on the 24th already . 
  that 's why in case of a brexit germany and france would have to make it clear that leaving the eu will hurt and they would to have to do it on the 24th before the markets bet against the eu and the euro . 
  if there are any signs of making the brexit cushy it 's going to have economical consequences as analysts predict that other countries might leave which would weaken the position of germany and thereby the euro . 
  they have no other choice than to go over the top . 
  it is a matter of german dominance because if we were to solve it people would feel like it was germany dictating the terms which it undoubtedly would do . 
  germany is like the elephant in the lamp store that 's supposed to drag the stuck cart out of the mud . 
  it ca n't use the power it has without breaking everything and on the other it 's the only one that could . 
  a believable counterpart to germany would help the eu grow stronger . 
  the eu is already under german domination because of the whole anti eu course of the uk for the last decades or so . 
  france has interior problems most of the time that do n't allow them to be an effective counterpoint to germany . 
  same with italy or spain . 
  merkel on the other hand is internally much safer . 
  if you add german economical power to that it 's an crazy imbalance of power that 's not good for the eu . 
  on the one hand germany does n't want that power on the other hand other countries would n't accept it anyway . 
  what that all amounts to is a headless eu where the strongest voice is afraid to speak out . 
  you can see that in pretty much every crisis . 
  who made headlines everyday during the greece crisis ? 
  was it cameron ? 
  was it hollande ? 
  or was it merkel . 
  you heard more from sch\u00e4uble than from cameron . 
  and in reality the greece crisis was about more than just debts it was about internal structures of the eu and the accountability of national governments . 
  it also still is n't solved because just frozen for the time being after brexit . 
  you underestimate the impacts a leave vote will have . 
  germany will have to come down hard and fast with judgement against the uk just to keep the euro afloat . 
  if there is any sign that leaving the eu is anything other than suicide the euro is going to get under pressure as markets are going to start betting against it . 
  that 's all going to happen on the 24th . 
  germany is generally seen as profiting from the euro and the trust in germany is what keeps the euro afloat to a large degree . 
  if there is any notion that eurozone countries could leave thats ' going to tank the value of the euro , the german economy and the worldwide economy . 
  germany has no other choice than to hurt britain as much as it can and to sever as many ties as fast and brutal as possible . 
  it has to shock to have an impact on the markets . 
  a leave vote is not only about the uk . 
  it 's about the future of europe . 
  it 's about trillions of euros . 
  how this is going to be handled is about the next 150 years not the next two as some people like to think . 
  i do n't want an eu that 's stuck in limbo and i prefer a unified europe without the uk to that . 
  but i would prefer a unified europe with the uk to all of that . 
  i know british nationalism does n't really allow for that so a brexit is the next best thing we can get . 
   voting in or out of the eu is as simple as it gets . 
  no it is n't because there are no clear consequences . 
  with general elections there also are n't clear consequences but there is a whole system built to reduce the impact a shitty party in disguise can have . 
  at least in proper democracies . 
  there 's courts and heads of state and constitutions . 
  a eu exit has none of that . 
  there 's a handful of paragraphs in one article in the eu constitution and that 's it . 
  the euro is going to take a hit imho . 
  against the dollar yes . 
  exactly . 
  i would n't give a shit about if there 's suddenly 2 millions danes in austria . 
  heck i barely gave a shit about croatians in the wake of the yugoslavian war . 
  at least they were catholic . 
  we are austrian and czechs . 
  language does n't have anything to do with genetics . 
  culturally czechs and solvenians are undoubtedly influenced by bavaria . 
  nah its a mixture . 
  the culture is undoubtedly bavarian and genetic it 's going to be a mixture depending on where you are . 
  bohemian and moravia were more or less emptied of people during the 30 years wars when armies marched through it all the time and we 're recolonized later . 
  i also consider solvenians to be incredibly closely related . 
  i do n't doubt that for one second . 
  yeah you basically never hear about germany . 
  it is a bit indirect but the myth that they are unaccountable has to die . 
  well you guys voted against a voting reform . 
  germany and austria had work restrictions and nobody even knows . 
  germany and austria had those restrictions for the original eastern expansion . 
  you need to do that but i did n't want to go into too much detail . 
  well would n't the most obvious solution be spain ? 
  i would ask at the local subreddit . 
  also at least here in austria a visa for students only allows you to work for 10 hours per week which is not enough to survive . 
  if your parents can afford like 500 $ per month you could study in austria . 
  that 's like the bare minimum for living in a student home . 
  england msot certainly wo n't get them because they are basically frozen in time at the point of signing whereas norway has to follow new developments . 
  well that is more about access to the social systems . 
  as long as you can support yourself it 's not a problem . 
  that does not mean you have to be working . 
  and even that is not cut and clear and may be in violation of eu laws . 
  in germany courts recently ruled that eu nationals have access to the social security systems . 
   there are some restrictions . 
  e.g the move is for work or study so if within a certain time you 're neither working or studying they can kick you out . 
  that 's not true you can live anywhere in the eu you like doing what you like . 
  i said new contracts are going to be affected . 
  rent contracts are usually limited to 3 years in austria for example . 
  after that you need a new one . 
  same with changing work contracts . 
  even if you have unlimited contracts you are locked into an apartment and a job .
