  there 's a real cultural difference . 
  lol those scales . 
  to add to that : austria has one of the highest rates of volunteer firefighters in the world . 
  99 % of all fire fighters are volunteers and professional fire fighters only exist in the bigger cities like state capitals . 
  that completely depends on what timeframe you look at . 
  what 's your excuse for the uks shitty performance outside the eurozone ? 
  shhhh ... do n't ruin his fantasy . 
  that 's literally the point of the eu . 
  you can either read a little bit about the eu or you can continue to shitpost . 
  your choice . 
  the point is most people have no clue how the eu works right now . 
  when guys like that say they do n't want a federation it 's essentially meaningless because at best it 's a jumble of words . 
  there is no idea worth discussing behind those empty husks of buzzwords . 
  idk man you are still overpopulated and a major importer of food . 
  when prices rise that 's a powderkeg . 
  revolutions often find some other cause in some matyrs death but the underlying causes is almost always food . 
  that 's what gets the masses moving . 
  pretty much nothing else will . 
  i guess vienna has relatively more people working in tourism , gastronomy and hospitality . 
   the higher chance you have to be well-off in the future . 
  i would n't make that conclusion at all . 
  tourism is a major factor in all of austria for example and guess what ? 
  you ca n't automate that . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2007%e2%80%9308_world_food_price_crisis anybody remember that and how it kicked off the whole arab spring thing ? 
  https://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2011/jul/17/bread-food-arab-spring let 's all just hope that it has no impact in the next years . 
  since your trade deficit with the eu became even larger in that time it 's also great news for the eu . 
  there is no fiscal union . 
  wink wink , nudge nudge . 
  not in that time frame . 
  look up the agenda 2010 . 
  that 's the thing though about germany and also austria . 
  relatively strong unions that work with the companies . 
  kurzarbeit was also a thing here . 
  also a lot of people were sent to schools from their employers and again the companies and the unemployment agencies split the costs while the unions sold a temporary wage cut to the workers . 
  if you look at unemployment numbers in austria the 2008 crisis barely registers and companies that could retain their valuable employees used the acceleration of the economy after the crash to expand their business . 
  a week is nothing . 
  you have no fucking clue how litigious germans are . 
  by studying the mafia . 
  iran was n't always sanctioned . 
  so what ? 
  by that definition every european country is provincial maybe except the uk , france and russia . 
  and the uk is only acting on us commands and russia is only really terrorizing its neighbours . 
  that was my experience whether you like it or not . 
  yeah but who knows how long that would have lasted . 
  i just do n't think the us would have been that interested in participating in european defense if it was n't for nukes . 
  yeah but you go and try fitting a dslr into the pockets of a lederhose . 
  it 's almost like they are normal people . 
  without the threat of nuclear annihilation there would n't be a transatlantic defense treaty and there would n't be such a long period of peace . 
  without nukes there would n't even be a nato . 
  well a military in peacetime has little to do . 
  that being said my time in the austrian military was great . 
  we participated in maneuvers , we went skiing for a week , we were rafting for a week , i was in france for a week to participate in the p\u00e9lerinage militaire international in lourdes where we met 30 000 soldiers from 30 countries and we blew a whole lot of shit up during or time at the shooting range . 
  the only shit part was being on border duty at the hungarian border for 6 weeks over christmas and new years . 
  12 hours of boredom every second night when you had to watch an empty field through night vision or thermal vision . 
  what really prevents war are russian nukes . 
  the most deaths are not from climbing but from hiking . 
  way more people do that . 
  if you compare that to the millions of tourists it 's pretty safe . 
  people die in the alps all the time . 
  in summer there are a few german tourists per week here in austria . 
  the 8 year average in 2014 was 110 deaths per season so from may first to the end of october . 
  it 's still relatively safe compared to other sports but you have to be prepared and relatively fit and people often underestimate that . 
  you ca n't look at the 30 % gdp loss in a vacuum . 
  just look at greek gdp growth from the 80s onward . 
  cheap money artificially inflated their gdp . 
  but what happens when you ca n't put your unemployed on a government payroll anymore because all that cheap money has dried up ? 
  you ca n't keep a unsustainable practice going forever just because it hurts to get rid of it . 
  top comment was talking about vienna . 
  vienna was the center of central europe for centuries . 
  it has a long history of immigration and half of all inhabitants are immigrants or children of immigrants . 
  27 % do n't have austrian citizenship and 34 % were n't born in austria . 
  call that what you will but not provincial . 
  well he 's also the chancellor so if he says it it 's adding something . 
  hahn is eu commissioner and has some weight but he 's not speaking for the government . 
  i doubt that 25 billion is much of an obstacle . 
  you have n't lived until you played this in vr . 
  becasue the rest of austria pays for viennese public transport anyway . 
  a lot of decisions in vienna do n't make a lot of sense unless you factor in that somebody else is paying for them . 
  pound is already dropping . 
  [ germanys best selling game . 
  austria is the definition of central europe . 
  heavily biased towards a few countries . 
  that 's a completely different set of data . 
  just look at southern germany and france . 
  them swapping positions makes no sense . 
  sorry but i find it hard to belive that such an obvious flaw would n't be accounted for . 
  the largest single destination is often going to be the us . 
  that means jack shit . 
  if 5 % go to the us and 4 % to france and germany each ... 
  the conspiracy nuts just going to invent a reason anyway . 
  not worth wasting any time . 
  they would probably use the train because it 's more environmentally friendly . 
  we 're going to deliver the answer on foot . 
  well more correctly several million feet . 
  feet in boots . 
  there is no feeling that vdb stole the vote except maybe under right wing conspiracy nuts . 
  some officials were lazy that 's all . 
  yeah but the important thing is that it was stable at the level it dropped down to . 
  and ? 
  its just a joke about stereotypes .
