  what if only one of them runs out ? 
  what good is a job contract without legal residence ? 
  its going to affect current residents . 
  i said new contracts are going to be affected . 
  rent contracts are usually limited to 3 years in austria for example . 
  after that you need a new one . 
  same with changing work contracts . 
  even if you have unlimited contracts you are locked into an apartment and a job . 
  what if only one of them runs out ? 
  what good is a job contract without legal residence ? 
  its going to affect current residents . 
  their landlords ca n't renew their contracts anymore without legal residence permit . 
  i wo n't rent my property to illegal aliens because that contract would n't be enforceable . 
  your employment does not have a legal basis anymore . 
  what you do n't get is that it will be impossible to stay legally . 
  what about uk nationals that get sick in the eu ? 
  what about their pension payments ? 
  is the uk going to be a part of sepa ? 
  are they going to need german bank accounts and if yes can they get them ? 
  what about insurance ? 
  driving licenses ? 
  if the eu treaties just end without followup a british national will be in a worse situation than a russian national because russia has treaties regarding that stuff but the uk wo n't have them . 
  should there be follow up regulation it 's going to treat current uk residents and future ones according to the establishes rules however they may look like . 
  since the uk made it clear that they wo n't do freedom of movement after a brexit it 's your guess how that will look like . 
  well either the law protects me from being insulted or they make duells legal again . 
  it varies wild that much is true but at least for the german speaking countries it 's similar to germany . 
  yeah some can but you have to jump through a lot of hoops . 
  you 'll need some new contracts at least . 
  then there are a thousand other questions like health and pension insurance that suddenly have lost their legal base . 
  once the negotiations fail the eu treaties with the uk simply end . 
  uk nationals wo n't have a legel title to stay anymore . 
  without followup on visa questions they will have to leave . 
  what 's so hard to get ? 
  in a lot of places that means no possibility for legal employment or the ability to rent etc. 
  the contract with your landlord/employer is suddenly illegal without followup . 
  null and void . 
  it 's a giant shit show . 
  becasue greens are batshit crazy . 
  no they ca n't . 
  you always need a permit . 
  stop talking out of your ass . 
  the negotiations have to finish within two years unless there is an unanimous decision to extend that period . 
  lisbon treaty article 50 . 
  the chances of the negotiations ending within two years or an unanimous vote to extend them are basically zero . 
  do n't be stupid . 
  just take a look at immigration laws . 
  it basically impossible for a us american to get a job or stay indefinitely . 
  you can get a tourist/student visa and that 's about it unless you find an employer and he makes a request for a qualified worker . 
  i know a few americans and canadians that wanted to stay in austria but could n't . 
  that 's just how it normally works . 
  try reading all my posts in this thread, 
  they wo n't have another choice because they ca n't be legally employed anymore . 
  sure but you have the same problem in every single nation . 
  as long as steel is n't produced in my city i want it to be cheap . 
  whether the city is in germany or in austria does n't matter as much . 
  on the other hand you get to benefit from the negotiating power an economic power like germany has and get to profit from being part of 500 million of the wealthiest customers on earth . 
  i doubt there is anything `` well established '' if a country leaves the eu as it never happened before . 
  if the negotiations last for more than two years the uk is simply out without follow up regulations . 
  there is 0 chance that an agreement about stuff like fishing rights in the north sea will be reached in 2 years . 
  if the negotiations fail the uk is simply out and treated like a non eu country including its nationals . 
  how the uk is treating its own immigrations and eu nationals that live there is another topic . 
  if this vote was about practicality you would n't leave at all . 
  how the luxembourg compromise should allow foreign non eu citizens to live in europe is not clear to me . 
  and that 's the 4th largest economy on the plant . 
  why not ? 
  it depends on the trade deal . 
  a high profile one like the uk would take a long time . 
  just look at ttip . 
  there are thousands of points to negotiate . 
  eu trade of the uk is staying at a constant high level only that in the last few years trade with the emerging markets has picked up a bit . 
  but if you take a look at the current situations of countries like brazil it 's obvious that this is hardly a reliable trend . 
  well the uk is usually the one pushing for mass surveillance so that should give you an idea of what 's to come . 
  any follow up trade deal is going to take the better part of a decade to negotiate and then just as long to get ratified by all member states . 
  trade talks with japan are running 3 years now without much movement . 
  would the us ? 
  the common market would n't work if everyone made their own trade deals . 
  also the eu can much better deals than ireland or austria for example ever could simply because it carries way more weight . 
  no they will never be allowed to stay as foreign nationals . 
  all the expats that still have british nationality will have to return to britain . 
  if they become french nationals for example then they could stay but good luck with that . 
  well if your buddy jumps off the cliff you should at least allowed to cut of the rope that you both tied around your waste even if you did n't want to cut it yesterday . 
  circumstance changes things . 
   and intimately involved in many international frameworks of power . 
  well they are about to change that . 
  well it depends on what you are saying . 
  japan ? 
  are those world powers ? 
  sure they are present but how much weight do they carry compared to world powers ? 
  germany only gets its power through europe and the economic weight it has there . 
  for one , it 's badly written , condescending and in parts even insulting . 
  and then they do n't present any strong arguments . 
  something about bridge to the us , and not an empire anymore . 
  seriously ? 
  that whole paragraph is pointless if you do n't address the points you want to criticise directly . 
  what 's wrong about :  something about bridge to the us , and not an empire anymore . 
  the uk definitely has one of the strongest relationships with the us of all the eu countries . 
  politically as well as economically . 
  the empire part is obviously true nor does the article even contain the word `` empire '' so i do n't get your angle there either . 
  the only thing i can take away from it that you do n't like the tone and i can partly agree with that but i wo n't agree that it 's `` badly written '' . 
   the biggest issues of the exit debate seem to be immigration and transparency which they do n't touch at all .
