  that 's the main problem . 
  you ca n't make an efficient engine that 's not polluting . 
  you can build a very clean burning diesel but that 's going to eat a lot more diesel . 
  being critical of israel is not the same as being antisemitc . 
  just as being critical of the polish government does not mean that one is antipolish . 
  yeah every country is constructed in another way . 
  i used supreme court because it is the court that would make such rulings in the us and the only english legal vocabulary i have is from us sources . 
  i do n't know enough about the constitutional makeup of the uk to make any comparisons . 
  but i suspect that neither do you so why ask such a question ? 
  people that do know such things seem to have a problem with poland . 
  or maybe they did n't step over certain boundaries . 
  restricting the powers of the supreme court is a fucking awful and dangerous move . 
  the eu should interfere as little as possible but when one government decides to do away with the rule of law it should at least look into it . 
  i would n't want to trade places with greece . 
  not everything that superficially looks like a government stepping over its boundaries requires the same answer . 
  if the eu interfered with democratically elected governments more often i would n't think it to be a good thing because as of now that 's not the role eu has . 
  this a pretty big step and a direct interference in the interior politics of a member state and there are very good reasons that this has n't been done before . 
  do n't try to shoehorn another problem into this one . 
  you have far less insight than the people deciding this . 
  spiegel online is not centrist at all . 
  they are pretty unapologetic left . 
  spiegel online is usually very biased but they have some neutral reporters too . 
  the printed spiegel is much better . 
  they capped it 2015 afaik . 
  ** http://www.consilium.europa.eu/en/press/press-releases/2015/04/20-capping-fees-card-based-payments/**, 
  yeah the limit is an eu thing . 
  depends . 
  charges in europe are way lower than in the us . 
  where us cc companies take 1 % it 's at most 0.3 % in the eu for credit cards and 0.2 % for debit cards if it is n't free at all . 
  in austria banks do n't charge shops anything but it may charge you a small amount per transaction if you are a customer depending on the type of account you have . 
  yeah but why should the customers be expected to plan a day ahead . 
  yeah but using fake documents can . 
  the only problem for them is the oil price . 
  well it 's good for the government . 
  they sell oil and gas in other currencies and pay wages in rubel . 
  a government that moves away from the eu is n't in your interest . 
  they may try to sell it to you that way but once you get your head out of your nationalistic ass you will see that it 's usually about power for themselves . 
  like it or not people in europe are roughly the same and share thousands of years of history . 
  there is nothing that makes poland special . 
  the moon today was crazy . 
  even here in austria north of the alps we get 10 \u00b0 c. 
  the whole month of december is the warmest ever recorded and a good 5 \u00b0 c above the average . 
  16 \u00b0 c also seems to be a good 5 \u00b0 c above the average . 
  oh come on they make some quality stuff too and the news part is pretty good . 
  big hollywood movies are usually broadcast at the same time they are on the german private stations just without the advertising brakes . 
  all in all it 's not that bad considering they have to cater to the whole population . 
  without them a big part of austrian culture simply would n't exist and we would exclusively watch german productions . 
  the scales are not even remotely comparable . 
  stop being stupid . 
  lol that 's an ridiculously bad comparison . 
  it 's a massive difference to impose restrictions when there 's literally millions of people joining directly at your border . 
  yeah but they are irrelevant so why would he care ? 
   when germany 's and usa 's huge population began to show its worth . 
  * when the captive colonial markets achieved independence . 
  `` most of their history '' industrialization started in the late first half of the 19th century . 
  yeah england was the leading industrial nation for short period of time but since wwii not so much . 
  barely below germany and above romania . 
  guns laws are n't that important . 
  just this summer we found a truck full of dead middle eastern people in the middle of europe and the middle east is n't running out of guns anytime soon . 
  the whole notion that you can control guns is ridiculous . 
  we ca n't even stop literal hordes of humans on our borders . 
  just think about how much weapons you could transport in a truck like the one that was found in austria that was filled with bodies . 
  germany has about double the weapons per capita as the czech republic so i do n't know where you 're going at . 
  maybe in the uk but not in continental europe . 
  it 's a 2 hour car ride from here to former yugoslavia which has been one of the largest sources of automatic weapons since their war ended . 
  the plasma today had about a million degrees . 
  it 's that stupid channel . 
  does funny things to them . 
  we should just pave it over, 
  the same way the rate that suits london does n't suit wales . 
  he made the mess himself . 
  you ca n't constantly blame the eu and badmouth it at every opportunity and then do n't follow through . 
  he may have been forced by ukip but he handed them a paddle and pulled down his trousers himself . 
  we split germany in half . 
  we get the catholic parts you can have the lutheran parts . 
  i do n't hope it i just do n't see it happening any other way . 
  the way that many britons think it will go , they simply drop out and keep all the benefits , is n't going to work . 
  if they drop out of the common economic area they are going to feel it and it 's going to have a lasting negative impact . 
  if they do it like norway of switzerland they have to adopt a lot of eu rules anyway but do n't have any say in them any more . 
  even just constantly talking about it is damaging . 
  they are on different planes you silly prussian . 
  the sherman was a bad tank . 
  there 's no reason to deny that fact . 
  and even americans saw that at the time hence why they made great efforts to replace it with something bigger that was more suited to the needs of european battlefields like the patton . 
  also it 's a little silly to compare the infantry support roles of the tiger and the sherman as the tiger was a heavy tank and infantry support was carried out by things like the stug . 
  most were left behind because they ran out of fuel . 
  that 's also they reason they may have deemed it more economical to build one good tank instead of 10 bad ones even if the 10 bad ones would have been better . 
  nah based on wheter you 're a first offender etc. 
  the danube loses 156m height on austrian territory and leaves austria at around 130m above sea level . 
  that leaves 130m to work with for the whole way to the black sea . 
  you need like 10 meters for a proper power plant . 
  austria has a whole 10 power plants on the danube that contribute 20 % of the total power consumption . 
  hungary is flat as a pancake . 
  austria is way less dense than switzerland and the danube beats pretty much everything switzerland has to offer . 
  so it 's mainly a matter of population density and having a fitting topography for hydro . 
  no real surprises here . 
  yeah the more organs you provide the more organs you get . 
  the main advantage of eurotransplant is in getting compatible organs . 
  btw if you are in austria and you die you are automatically an organ donor regardless of your nationality unless you have opted out before visiting . 
  austria has pretty good donation rates because it has a opt out system instead of a opt in system like germany .
