  lol the pound devaluation alone has already cost you more than that . 
  the first thing that the governor of the bank of england announced on the 24th is that they would provide 240bn pounds . 
  it would be a general european program not one for german banks . 
  he estimates that italian banks alone would need 40bn +, 
  the guy proposing this is calling for a general european bank bailout especially for italian banks . 
  reading the article helps . 
   entirely superflous layer oh boy . 
  yeah but they have to pay their aides from that money which your prime minister does n't have to do . 
  if he 's anything like our chancellor he has his own department/ministry . 
  and the respected medical publication of the lancet published figures that were just under a million in 2006 . 
  first you have to realize that there was n't one feudal lord or even one feudal system . 
  in the hre alone it went from plantation style near complete slavery of the gutsherrenh\u00f6fe to the free farmers of tyrol that had their own militia . 
  the disastrous consequences of the tenant system in ireland has left its marks on history and the `` colonisation '' of south italy has left an lasting impact on their society that is even visible today . 
  the religious wars in europe often followed class and ethnic lines and religion was almost always a social movement first . 
  christianity has some pretty revolutionary stances and protestantism went hand in hand with peasant revolts throughout the hre . 
  the battle of white mountain for example was more about political control and central governance than anything else . 
  religion was often more of a symptom than a cause . 
  he still is n't wrong . 
  civil unrest mostly sprang up along class divides . 
  the whole legitimacy of the feudal lord was based on his assumed possession of all the land and the structure of society directly followed the structure of possession . 
  estimates of iraqi deaths are closer to a million and that is without the consequences it had on conflicts like the war in syria although the escalation there can be attributed to a large part on the aftermath of the invasion in iraq . 
  i still miss the peak intervals of the viennese subway which were like 2-3 minutes . 
  here in linz the rush hour intervals are the aforementioned 7 minutes for buses . 
  at 2-3 minutes you really do n't have to care about any kind of plan . 
  yeah with the 7 minute intervals we have here 2 minutes early would suck . 
  i think we all remember freedom fries . 
  flair checks out . 
  yeah the us and china are just waiting for british financial services and the flourishing british manufacturing industries . 
  they are going to make a fortune selling crumpets to beijing and washington . 
  well it certainly was n't warm british beer . 
  i would make it an issue to be honest . 
  rxternal trade policy is one of the exclusive competences of the block . 
  members ca n't start to make backroom deals while everything is still up in the air . 
  quitting the eu over this is like jumping out of the window over a parking ticket . 
  so you have no clue ? 
  okay but ouside of lazy non answers ? 
  he 's an anti eu troll . 
  so probably something to that effect . 
  why ca n't a minority commit all the crimes ? 
  being sexist against men is fine but being racist is not . 
  that 's why you see a horrible and injust solution like this that punishes the 98 % of men that do nothing wrong . 
  it 's a scream for help from a broken society that has its nose so far up its own ass it ca n't see where it 's going or what it 's doing . 
  idk if you constantly tell people that foreigners are responsible for everything bad in the world in feel like you have at least a bit of responsibility . 
  even if they are going for eea it 's not going to happen within the exit negotiations and it 's going to to take the better part of a decade after the exit . 
  fun fact : the bulk of the buildings in the vicinity are rented out to the un and are n't technically on austrian territory . 
  that only tells you about the news and the people watching them . 
  it 's unlikely that he will even get as many votes as he had gotten after the brexit . 
  we do n't have general elections for a while . 
  i was hoping for illustrations . 
  you have to be pretty ignorant to assume that there will be a draft should there be an eu army and you seem to be afraid of that . 
  so ignorance seems to stress you out . 
  i would n't call that bliss . 
  just look at all the ignorance surrounding the eu during the referendum . 
  how can you call ignorance bliss after that ? 
  thank god i do n't live a life i fear like you guys do . 
  sorry but whoever looked at all the facts and still decided to vote leave is an idiot . 
  yeah the poor sod still thinks that rationality will win in the end . 
  this vote never was about rationality . 
  are you suggesting that the british are pigs ? 
  too bad you only have the channel . 
  yeah but that obviously wants the case in the 70s when the bulk of pakistani etc came . 
  yeah . 
  it also hard to have a european identity if you are from pakistan or bangladesh . 
  in austria a lot of the older immigrants are voting fp\u00d6 because new immigrants are threatening their jobs the most . 
  a well educated austria has little to fear from immigrants that 's why they mostly vote green or social democrats . 
  well it 's either her or [ him ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/gkgdsbg ) . 
  sure removing the national parliaments will make the eu way more democratic . 
  have the second chamber be filled by people from the regions . 
  like nuts 1 or 2 regions . 
  nuts 3 would be a bit much . 
  like a european senate . 
  the commision can be voted into power by the parliament like it is now and there could be another counterweight to parliament like a head of state voted into power directly by the people . 
  fuck no . 
  a country that lives of european tourism and trade with germany and italy and the eastern european countries ? 
  with the austrian italian border running right through tyrol ? 
  thst would be fucking ridiculous . 
  if anything i want to abolish the nation states and have provincial governments under the umbrella of a federal european government . 
  cut out the middle man . 
  i do n't care if the decisions are made in vienna or brussels . 
  fuck you we have kommissar rex . 
  it only applies to liechtenstein because they are like one town at the side of a mountain . 
  there 's still little we can do about it . 
  we have n't had a referendum . 
  the fpo is different . 
  they are less of a single issue party like ukip and more of a catch all protest party since the two main parties are seen just as different sides if the same coin . 
  well from a continental perspective we 've only been been spectators the whole time . 
  it was like watching a roller coaster with all the changing opinion polls then it derailed on the the 24th and by now it has also started to burn . 
  by now we all wait for a explosion or something like that and we can only hope not to be hit by the shrapnel . 
  at least it looks like it could explode since the people in charge mostly spent their time throwing jerry cans into the fire and have all left by now . 
  entertainment is the only positive thing we can hope to get out if it . 
  yeah especially for non euro countries exchange rates that have been used are kinda relevant . 
  you 're only slightly behind slovenia . 
  that is n't that bad . 
  there a difference between the freedom to make choice and the demand that those choices be consequence free . 
  at least you seem to be fully integrated in the uk . 
  you already have adopted their class thinking . 
  britain should build an anti european protection wall around its borders just like the gdr did . 
  becasue the us is very heterogenous . 
  yeah there is a mainstream culture but that 's common throughout all the western countries . 
  but there are large , very large communities in the us that are n't part of that mainstream .
