  not to mention that you do n't have to pay for a driver . 
  it 's still decades away . 
  you guys all underestimate the real life and legal problems that still have to be solved . 
  autopilots like the tesla one have been around for 10 years or more in mercedes cars but that 's still a world away from truly autonomous driving . 
  15 years is a long ass time . 
  the steel plant in my home town went from 24k employees to 6k in 20 years while doubling production . 
  that being said i doubt the technology will be quite there in 15 years . 
  that 's the part everyone is underestimating . 
  it 's going to take a while until everything is street ready . 
  but once it 's ready the advantages are just way too high that there wo n't be a massive shift towards automated lorries . 
  no required pauses alone is absolutely going to kill any trucking jobs . 
  suddenly one truck can be more than three times as productive . 
  the long term future of the uk looks even less certain than the eu . 
  the eu has a strong central european core . 
  sure if everyone is easily replaceable and does n't have to be trained . 
  also in most germanic countries men can also take their time off when they become a father . 
  often it is done in a way that you will get more government assistance if both parents take time off . 
  but men will much more like return to work and women will more likely leave permanently except in parts that have really good childcare from the age of 1 and up . 
  but legal protection exists basically everywhere . 
  if you look at places with high employment rates for women like eastern germany the deciding factor is the availability of childcare . 
  for a potential employer a woman dropping out for a few months is not as big of a problem as that women being gone for years or just stopping to work completely . 
  that 's most likely just the most recent version . 
  that does n't preclude a previous version . 
  there are areas where men are institutionally discriminated against like divorce proceedings and parental rights . 
  pregnancy and work is not so much a question of adequate legal protection but one of adequate public childcare . 
  you can either solve it by discriminating against men or by alleviating the problem . 
  guess which one is the better solution . 
  the point was that pulling random historical facts out of your hat does makes for a weak argument . 
  he also said that in 46 before the empire crumbled to dust . 
   are we just randomly insulting people 's national histories now ? 
  you completely missed the point . 
  yeah cnn was n't partisan at all ... 
  neither was slave trade and the netherlands . 
  got ta love jumping around between the centuries without even trying to make sense . 
  you almost had a point and then you said social instead of political . 
  us media was ultra partisan with very little attempts to hide it . 
  alternatively you could stop selling weapons to them . 
  if anything trump is on his own side . 
  greece recived something like 240 billion $ . 
  the marshall plan was worth 130 billion in today 's money . 
  the millions refers to german refugees after the war . 
  not sure about you but i 'm relatively certain that there werent billions of refugees . 
  no pretty sure it was millions . 
  the only irony is that you are proposing this and not me . 
   first of all , the link is in german , which i 'm not obliged to speak numbers are numbers . 
   and it 's primarily because of this money that germany developed so much economically . 
  that 's not true and you know it . 
  it 's barely 3 % of the german gdp in 1950 . 
   lastly , your link does n't show the per capita number either . 
  it 's only one simple division away . 
  sorry that do n't belive in the collective punishment of people solely based on their ethnicity . 
  well i 'm talking do you do n't i ? 
  that 's the argument racist everywhere use but they are seldom right . 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  you do realize that you have n't linked per capita numbers ? 
  that 's why i trust the marshall foundations number the most . 
  any discrepancy is probably exchange rate related . 
  what part of per capita do you not understand ? 
  here are the actual numbers . 
   i thought it 's a known fact most europeans secretly share my opinion . 
  it 's either known or secret . 
  please troll responsibly . 
  the german numbers are from a german book from the 90 's but they are mostly in line with the marshal foundation . 
  germany received less money from the marshall plan per capita than any other european country . 
  if only you could illustrate your point somehow by linking to statistics for example . 
  neither will we forget whatever your country did . 
  also if you want someone to open their mind do n't lead your reply with a retarded inflammatory statement . 
  that germany had a better starting position in the areas of culture relevant to economic success . 
  http://marshallfoundation.org/blog/greece-and-the-marshall-plan/ the marshall foundation agrees with the german numbers . 
   greece , of course , was a recipient of sizeable funds from the original european recovery program ( erp ) receiving some $ 700,000,000 a sum that placed greece sixth in the long list of war ravaged nations that received erp money . 
  greece did benefit substantially from her share of marshall aid , as did so much of western europe . 
  you 've been bamboozled . 
  if you were trying g to make a point you failed to communicate it . 
   not only germany was not wiped off the face of the earth like they deserved after the atrocities there goes the credibility of everything you 're ever going to say . 
  link to your numbers please . 
  german wiki says twice . 
  greece got half the money germany did from the marshall plan despite being way smaller . 
  current help for greece exceeds 245 bullion euros . 
  the total amount of the marshall plan , of which germany recived 10 % and greece 5 % , amounts to 130 billow dollars in today 's money . 
  aka way more per capita . 
  do you really think that comparing a modern situation to something 75 years away makes for a good point ? 
  especially when the two things have nothing in common in the first place ? 
  it really does n't though when it comes to economic sucess . 
  also the whole culture of a country does n't change only because the government changes . 
  not compared to greece . 
  the uk got like 3 times the money from the marshall plan . 
  france got twice the amount . 
  germany got a whopping 10 % of the erp while in the east alone machinery that exceeded the total value of that program for the whole of europe was dismantled and sent to the ussr . 
  not to mention that germany had to take care of millions of refugees when the eastern european countries used rhe opportunity to ethnically cleanse their countries and displaced centuries old german communities . 
   lets not forget that it was them holding their ground against nazi germany , let 's also not forget that their trade policies against germany are a major reason for wwi and that their sea blockade against germany that caused the death of a million civilians is a major reason post war germans were susceptible to the idea that they need more room to live . 
  also if they do n't join in wwi at all germany knocks out france and russia and were back to normal in two years and the whole 20th century looks completely different . 
  you rally just should have deleted it . 
  that just reads like any justification ever . 
  once you got pictures like that http://www.taz.de/picture/315508/948/ungarn_03.jpg floating around on a regular basis you have crossed the line for me . 
  but italy has n't changed in something like a century of unification . 
  nobody expects overnight but the 70 years since the end of of wwii should show some effect . 
  not according tho these numbers . 
  if you want an apples to apples comparison you have to use the same source . 
  italy has all those things and it is still internally divided . 
  yeah and so it also benefits northern italy which is basically on the same level as southern germany or austria .
