  never if amazon is the shipper and never for normal items . 
  if it is not sold by amazon and only via amazon then you have to take a closer look . 
  china is usually free or very cheap because they subsidize it like mad . 
  that 's why i make sure that everything i import from outside the eu is shipped via the netherlands or austria . 
  they rarely bother unlike the german customs . 
  but once it 's cleared with a eu custom german custom should n't bother looking at it . 
  bullshit the amount i order from germany or the netherlands is enormous . 
  every single amazon order from me is shipped from germany . 
  most online shops outside of amazon charge something in the 5-10 $ range for shipping to austria and are often free if you order over 50-100 $ . 
  at least between our two countries the shipping is costs are minimal . 
  isolating those regimes will never open them up . 
  the best catalyst for social progress is wealth that 's evenly distributed and time . 
  outside pressure and sanctions do n't work . 
   that bribing your way into a foreign market is a choice ? 
  yes . 
  in a bribable market you can only compete if you bribe people . 
  that 's just the way it is in greece and other 3rd world countries . 
  and just like a true 3rd world country everything is always someone else 's fault . 
   if your analysis of a foreign market suggests that the only way to make profit is to bribe , then the only right conclusion would be that that market is not profitable , and you should therefore , stay away from it . 
  completely wrong . 
  for a sovereign country greece seems to have an amazing lack of sovereignty . 
  i know it 's 1:24 but it offers an interesting insight into the actions that lead to the chaos in the region . 
   1 ) the merit of doing or not doing something is irrelevant with how well you can get away with it . 
  well that 's obviously horseshit in a competitive environment . 
  if you do n't bribe others will and you wo n't get a job . 
  you can clap yourself on your shoulder for being a good citizen but that 's about all you can do after that . 
   3 ) obviously corruption , or rather treason are pretty much tolerated accross the world , even by countries which consider themselves incorruptible . 
  it 's not a simple yes/no question . 
  quality and quantity of corruption differ vastly between countries and as a general rule the more corrupt a country is the more it sucks . 
   4 ) anyone who does n't recognize the drastical changes that occured in the last 5 years , let alone the last 40 years , much less the last 150 years is a moron who has no understanding of greek history , but decides to make vast generalizations nonetheless . 
  that 's not a point that 's a meaningless insult . 
  yeah of course some stuff changed . 
  but still among the first things syriza did is was to replace positions in the administration with their own stooges and clientele . 
  did you have a point ? 
  just read into the scandal if you want to talk about it . 
  it was fined in the us and in germany years ago because siemens stock is traded in new york . 
  fact is there are a handful of companies worldwide that compete for those government contracts and everyone has to bribe them . 
  all have corruption scandals . 
  the only reasons you even hear about those scandals are laws that changed in germany and the us . 
   i have never met a greek that did n't care . 
  that was my very point . 
  then fucking do something . 
  150 + years of independence and nobody ever does shit . 
  it 's the fault of other countries that we are corrupt is exactly the response i would have expected and it 's exactly the reason you are in this mess . 
   you realise you just used a persian word to justify bribing in greece right ? 
  yes i do . 
   siemens does n't bribe germans because it does n't think it has to bribe germans because it has n't stereotyped germans are bribable . 
  also because you can get a permission in germany on time and there is no way to speed it up by paying someone . 
  those are just countries where there have been investigations . 
  austria is on that map because siemens has some pretty big subsidiaries here and the viennese daughter of siemens was used to bribe balkan countries . 
   politicians have gone to jail here for those cases ... but none from those companies . 
  siemens had to pay around 3 billion euro in fines etc. 
  several ex managers had to pay 5 millions euros from their private money to siemens . 
  and why should they care ? 
  the questions is why did n't the greeks care ? 
  the most important thing of all if you want to have a prosperous society is an efficient and incorruptible administration . 
  courts that simply work and do n't need 3 + years per decision , agencies that do n't need 6 months for a single permission . 
  that 's all stuff that 's the bare minimum for being a successful country . 
  of course for foreign firms that operate all over the world they have seen the same shit time and time again . 
  for them it 's plain to see that if they want to do business legally it 's going to be more expensive out of sheer inefficiency than when they work how it 's traditionally done in those countries . 
  siemens does n't need to bribe officials to get jobs . 
  they are successful all around the world including properly run countries . 
  but for them 10k $ spent on a permission that would have been left lying around for another year or two is a saving of several millions or more . 
  they know that they will have to include kickbacks to get a job on top of a competitive offer because everyone is offering the local politicians the same thing . 
  everyone wants his baksheesh . 
   just sad 15 years had to pass for anything moving forward . 
  just goes to show that it 's politically motivated and an absolute farce . 
  there 's no doubt in my mind that siemens et al. 
  bribed greek officials . 
  becasue that 's how you do business in corrupt countries all around the world from algeria to zimbabwe . 
  every company that has ever had a government contract in a 3rd world country had to bribe every little fucker involved . 
  nah fish mess up the water . 
  it 's mainly for swimming . 
  some things will live in there like fireflies , newts and some frogs but they usually keep to the shallow parts and hide in the plants . 
  ~ 100m \u00b2 , but roughly 50 % of the surface area has to be shallow water and covered with plants for it to be self cleaning . 
  it 's more like a natural swimming pool . 
  to think that those poor fuckers could still alive if someone just would have cut a few holes in the truck makes me really angry . 
  [ continue to work on my new pond in my garden . 
  it 's facing criticism by other newspapers . 
  surprise surprise . 
  a photo like that is important because it makes the headline `` 71 dead in truck '' less abstract and it does so better than photos of lines of body bags . 
  it 's like lung cancer . 
  nobody thinks it 's going to be them . 
  you ca n't talk about `` responsibility '' and then expand the group i am supposedly responsible for to your liking . 
  i 'm not going to take the hit for directly responsible countries like the us , uk , israel , russia and turkey . 
  the austrian colonialism never happened . 
  syria was ottoman most of the time and british at the end and now russia is aiding the syrian regime . 
  sorry if i do n't take ownership of that mess . 
  we did n't fuck those places up . 
  you might want to take a look into a history book sometimes . 
  then why do n't the stop in hungary and try to illegally enter austria or germany ? 
  there 's no civil war in hungary last time i checked . 
  apparently it was a bulgarian citizen with roots in lebanon . 
  of course you . 
  thousands of economic refugees drown every year in the mediterranean . 
  those visas already exist but obviously the people that are coming now do n't qualify . 
  and in all honesty allowing only the best and brightest do come to europe does n't do the source countries any favours . 
  we ca n't accept economic `` refugees '' . 
  that just drains those countries of their better people perpetuating the shitty situation . 
  we ca n't be the ones who bear the consequences of those countries fuck ups .
