  you can put any spin on it you want . 
  not on a small boat in the caribbean . 
  so what ? 
  do they photoshop the driver of the queen out in every position ? 
  driving is an extremely low level position . 
  those guys are n't the content . 
  prince william is and nobody else . 
  then why leave the other guy in ? 
  that 's reaching . 
  it 's like attributing the driver of the queen a higher status than her because he 's driving after all . 
  sorry but how is he doing something good ? 
  also there 's another black dude in front . 
  on the other hand the guy is little more than background noise . 
  i mean it 's not like the guy in the background has any significance . 
  those are the costs if you want to operate a legitimate business . 
  admittedly i was cheating by using military abbreviations but they are all real . 
  http://www.bundesheer.at/facts/glossar/index.php hgrwfkpr for example is a handgranatenwurfk\u00f6rper or a trainings hand grenade . 
  that 's when we start with the acronyms . 
  bpstwwiv . 
  rolls right of the tongue just like pzkpfw or sdkfz . 
  kfzabstlpl for example is a parking space pzwkstkp is the military company running the tank garage etc. 
  yeah but why use multiple words to describe one thing . 
  one thing , one word . 
  in austria over 50 % of judges are female and the same is true for prosecutors . 
  yeah but by and large girls stuck with the girls group and boys with the boys group . 
  which is pretty normal for like 13 year olds . 
  that 's literally true for everything . 
  although uniforms for state officials have been pretty resilient and have been found in the earliest societies . 
  and i was just elaborating why that is only true if you look at it as superficially as possible . 
  yeah in austria for example you not only pay less taxes if you make less but you also get quite a few subsidies to rent and heating costs for example . 
  it also depends on the size of the school . 
  we really did n't have separate showers for example because we were a smaller catholic school that only admitted girls since the early 90s . 
  that girls usually do n't want to play soccer . 
  my school had mostly separate gym classes simply because girls wanted to do other stuff . 
  do n't lie . 
  you 're from america . 
  that 's a uniform and a pretty modern one at that . 
  wearing a religious uniform in private life is indeed pretty archaic but wearing a professional uniform is not especially when it comes to the representatives of the state . 
  fucking mcdonalds has uniforms . 
  europe is everything but overpopulated . 
  you donating or not does nothing to the overpopulation everywhere else on the world . 
  and we have an donation rate of 24.3 per million . 
  which would put us in the middle of this graphic . 
  it has also nothing to do with estonian jews . 
  that 's the point . 
  why should i be ? 
  i wonder if somebody is documenting the deaths of all those palestinians and tallying them up like that . 
  traditionally it 's the left that does the beating up stuff in the last 50 years or so . 
  it 's over anyway for europeans . 
  austria still has an substantial amount of industry and they still primarily vote for the social democrats . 
  the rise of the fp\u00d6 in the 90s is mainly a product of the refugee crisis in the wake of rhe yugoslavian wars . 
  hofer is not a nazi despite what the sensationalist media tells you . 
  heck one of their largest group of voters are immigrants . 
   personally i think italy would be better off with its own currency . 
  and i would argue that by constantly devaluing their currency italy did little more than kick the can down the road ultimately landing them in the position they are . 
   but i think the uk can handle internal divisions . 
  the uk is extremely lopsided when it comes to economical development and it has huge inequality problems . 
   i also want the uk to be able to regulate in new and innovative ways and test that regulation against the eu 's regulation . 
  you have to be more precise when you talk about regulation . 
  what kind of regulation are you thinking about ? 
  pharmaceuticals ? 
  consumer safety standards ? 
  labour rights ? 
  financial regulations ? 
  those are all very different beasts and some are political and some are n't . 
  some like consumer safety standards profit massively from being handled for as many people as possible and do n't really allow for competition because they restrict access to markets . 
   given high unemployment rates in parts of the eu i do n't think the eu is really in a position to boast about worker protections . 
  those parts of the eu are mostly mediterranean backwaters with no solid industrial base that were military dictatorships up until the 80s . 
  the eu ca n't provide silver bullets for their structural problems . 
  take italy for example . 
  they have a clear division in their country despite being able to shape their own policies for over 100 years now . 
  do you think the italian south would be any better off on their own ? 
  would the uk profit from further divisions so that regions that have been left behind are able to take care of their own affairs ? 
  you just arbitrarily draw a line at the nation state for some reason and proclaim it to be the ideal size when it comes to regulation and policy despite there being ample evidence that nations are n't able to handle their internal divisions . 
  saying to want to have acess to the single market says nothing more than that you do n't to be embargoed by the eu . 
  every country in the world has acess to it unless they are embargoed . 
  well they certainly take their sweet time leaving . 
  economically there is no better outcome for the uk than to stay member of the single market . 
  like anything else is even possible in a democracy . 
  a marriage between first cousins . 
  at least in america they elect their judges . 
  the source of your laws is congress which derives its power from the constitution which in turn derives its power from the people . 
  washington did n't retreat to a mountain top and came back with stone tablets of the constitution although you sometimes get the impression that that 's the way it happened if you talk to americans . 
  to be fair you ended that experiment a little early o the results are hardly conclusive . 
  the west galician law was the dry run for the abgb . 
  it 's just that west galicia came under austrian influence in 1797 and needed a new codified law the soonest . 
  as a fun fact the civil laws of japan , korea and china are also based on german law mixed with their customary law . 
  you obviously have no clue about austrian politics . 
  it 's exactly what happened . 
  the executive stepped down and formed anew under a new chancellor including a new inauguration through the president . 
  that there are ministers serving in both governments does n't matter . 
  the bundesregierung kern is a new entity and the old entity faymann 2 has been dissolved . 
  but there i clarified it for you . 
  being in the volunteer fire brigade is a typical rural thing in southern germany and austria . 
  most of the time it 's like 90 % community club and 10 % fire fighting rescue work . 
  in austria 99 % of all firefighters are volunteers and only the bigger cities have professional firefighters . 
  i guess bavaria is very similar . 
  so i guess they just added it to make it even more stereotypical . 
  if it comes to education on the issue then yes . 
  formal and professional education has nothing to do with that .
