  luxembourg is boring though , that 's true . 
  most interesting is france , because culture and history . 
  least interesting is probably slovakia , because the last time i heard something about slovakia in the news is ... never . 
  almost feels like home , it 's slightly too hilly though . 
  because i looked at the vrt from a dutch perspective ( many ads between programs ) i always thought those ` sponsorboodschappen ' were also ads , but i guess they technically are n't . 
  so what are the ads i see between programs programs then ? 
  also , ` dagelijkse kost ' for example is sponsored , that 's also a form of advertising . 
  we just like to whine more about the ns . 
  nope , they really just tried to be smart . 
  they wanted more people to invest in their respective countries ( because multinationals often overlook smaller nations ) and giving tax advantages is the easiest way to spur foreign investment . 
  after that multinationals started using the tax constructions to avoid tax and now the dutch/irish/luxembourgish legislators do n't want to change their national tax rules on their own anymore , because it will cost them heaps of cash and will make lots of multinational companies move their offices to the bigger european nations . 
  i 'm not liking the fact that the european tax scandal is starting to look like a witch-hunt for luxembourg , ireland and the netherlands , while it 's an european problem . 
  these countries tried to be smart by giving companies wanting to settle in their respective countries tax advantages to counter the advantages of scale the big european countries ( france , germany , the uk ) have and by doing that they have fucked up the tax systems of many nations . 
  we need to solve this on an european level and stop screaming foul at the smaller nations , because by doing that we wo n't solve anything . 
  67 restaurants for only fifty million euros , that 's a great deal . 
  i also wonder about that . 
  if companies can sue states under national business law , why would we use these untransparent , undemocratic and unnecessary ` arbitration panels ' ? 
  sadly he [ is n't . 
  thanks for your reply !, 
  i might have underestimated and oversimplified the difference between germans and austrians in my previous comment . 
  i always think the difference is like the one between the dutch and the flemish , what are your thoughts about that ? 
  reddit is fun can be a bitch to use sometimes . 
  :p what you say sounds a lot like my experience with flemish people , especially people in eastern-flanders . 
  very difficult to communicate with people who only speak the dialect , but many people know standard flemish ( which is very easy to understand ) . 
  thanks for your reply !, 
  i might have underestimated and oversimplified the difference between germans and austrians in my previous comment . 
  i always think the difference is like the one between the dutch and the flemish , what are your thoughts about that ? 
  not really , austrians are germans with an accent . 
  economically we might be a german bundesland right now , but culturally we are very different ( because of very different histories , different language etc. 
  why ? 
  ` waterschappen ' can be translated as ` water boards ' , waterships is a bit too literal . 
  it 's also on [ youtube ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2gm-yckoy0 ) . 
  the graph shows the exact spending figures of the dutch defense forces since the independence of the kingdom of the netherlands in 1814 . 
  what you see in the graph ( which contains the exact spending figures and is n't a poorly researched number in some shitty clingendael article ) is that defense spending in the netherlands during the cold war never was more than 4,5 % of our gdp ( when you use gni it was even less ) . 
  which means that what you 're saying about dutch defense spending during the cold war is complete and utter bullshit . 
  what the clingendael article probably was trying to say was that the dutch government spent about 10 % of tax income on the mod budget . 
  i sent you a graph that completely shows that what you 're saying is utterly wrong . 
  dutch defense spending has never ( and i repeat : never ) reached 10 % of our gdp/gni/bbp / bni/bbp . 
   nope , wrong again . 
  it 's actually 14 billion dollars . 
  and 13,9 billion dollars is 12,3 billion euros . 
  gni = gdp + factor incomes earned by foreign residents , so that would still mean the defense spending in 1990 was around 2-2 ,5 % of gdp/gnp/gni, 
  nope , wrong again . 
  it 's actually 14 billion dollars . 
  different mod 's actually use different defense spending calculation methods you know . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/defence/11936179/what-are-the-biggest-defence-budgets-in-the-world.html ), 
   our defense budget then was 10 % of gdp wrong , it was about 2,4 % of gnp . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.flickr.com/photos/58138998@n02/24393990440/sizes/o/ ), 
  nopenopenopenopenope , that 's wrong . 
  spain spends about 3 billion more . 
  included in our military budget is the budget for the military police and rescue services , so we actually spend even less than 8 billion on our defense forces . 
   that 's the defense budget of spain and poland combined nope , it is about the same as spain is spending right now . 
  14 billion is not too much , and with that budget we will be able to keep our promises to nato . 
  sim-only or including a cellphone ? 
  because if it 's sim-only that seems like a shit deal . 
  you can 24gb of 4g data + unlimited calls + texts for that price in the netherlands , and dutch phone plans are extremely expensive . 
   although we spend significantly more of our gdp on the military in a relative light nope , our defence spending barely is 1-1 ,2 % of our gdp . 
  jernsey/guernsey and other bot 's are though . 
  innocent until proven guilty , you know . 
  they probably want to kill snail mail . 
  hiking prices is a great way to do that . 
  please just read the article before replying to me . 
  about 80 to 90 % of the 70 rioters were residents of geldermalsen . 
  [ source ] ( http://m.ad.nl/ad/m/nl/34821/rivierenland/article/detail/4209536/2015/12/17/alle-opgepakte-relschoppers-komen-uit-geldermalsen.dhtml ), 
   you sound unnecessarily mad at him tbh . 
  i became agitated because of this shit :  dunno what 's wrong with you ...  mate i told you  nothing less nothing more . 
  i did n't know that this term is forbidden to use . 
  soon they will have to patent all wards . 
   so you made mistake . 
  i started with just a question , if he had answered it normally i would have not responded anymore . 
  you said i was wrong in your last reaction because you were using gdp ppp in the graphs . 
  i was n't wrong , and the reasons why i was n't wrong i explained to you in my last reaction . 
  i 'm not trying to start a fight with you , so please back down . 
  you still used the term wrong , when using the term big 6 you can only use absolute gdp . 
  gdp ppp does n't mean much in terms of power . 
  the big 6 is always used to refer to the 6 countries in the eu with the biggest economies . 
  you used the term wrong , so i corrected you . 
  yeah , by your logic india should have been top dog in the world for a long time now . 
  population and size do n't mean shit when the population is poor and the land generates no revenue . 
  how is poland part of the big 6 ? 
  its gdp is smaller than the gdp of the dutch and the swedes . 
   breda ansaldo do n't you mean ansaldobreda ? 
  pension funds , man . 
  maybe we can send wilders . 
  he will wreck the housing market in a heartbeat . 
  yup , and pretty drastically . 
  we 've started growing again , but house prices are still way below the pre-crisis levels . 
  the dutch real estate bubble also burst during the spanish and irish crashes , we 're still dealing with the consequences . 
  do n't know what exactly caused the increase in the netherlands , maybe we started saving more because we are thrifty fuckers ? 
  yeah , but almost every army without a ministry for veterans affairs includes pension spending . 
  i agree with you ( although your tone is a bit dickish ) . 
  one thing though , the netherlands actually spends 1,2 % of its gdp on defense , not 0,8 % . 
  they did , and no . 
  different company . 
  trans link systems makes the ov-chipkaart . 
  this is gdp/capita adjusted to purchasing power . 
  due to the fact that our economy shrank from 2009 until 2013-14 the gdp/capita declined massively and with that the gdp/capita adjusted to purchasing power also declined drastically . 
  that did n't really have that much of an effect . 
  our economy was just in the shitter from 2008 till 2013 ( more so than other european countries because of our housing crash ) . 
  this development of new vessels for both navies is not a step towards a joint navy , because it 's a continuation of the status quo .
