  it 's just as a bad idea as selling saudi-arabia military tech . 
  ethically , yes . 
  economically , hell no . 
  making some noise is not cheating and scamming . 
  what we probably need to do ( if we get the surcharge ) is ask for the complete calculations , that 's making some noise . 
  i genuinely do n't know . 
  maybe we should start making some noise , we are getting screwed right now because of the competence of our statistical office . 
  i should have kept french as a subject in high school . 
  that way i could have discovered that op is a big fat liar . 
  yup , and it 's only four months after the first one . 
  the uk and italy reportedly have n't even paid their first surcharge yet and we 're already getting a second one :(, 
  the dutch and the belgians police the luxembourgish airspace . 
  this means that they protect against intrusions and generally just keep the luxembourgish airspace safe . 
  i did n't even see he said luxembourg should n't complain . 
  so his statement is not only arrogant , but also wrong . 
  france is a big contributor to european defense though , so it 's still slightly true in the general sense . 
  even though it is slightly true , it is unbelievably arrogant to say such a thing . 
  france is n't the only one protecting europe . 
  edit : disregard that . 
  what the foreign minister actually said still is a bit ridiculous though . 
  france is n't the only one with foreign missions and if we decide to exclude foreign missions from the public deficit we should do it for all the countries in the eu . 
  an important thing to note about this map is that this map shows net wage . 
  the wealth of countries with high taxes on labour can be misrepresented because of this . 
  good examples are belgium and the netherlands , gross wage here is about the same as in denmark , but much lower on the map . 
  [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_average_wage#cite_note-63 ), 
  what an absolutely rubbish article . 
  almost nobody is saying russia 's economy only consists of only natural resource exploitation . 
  people are saying russia is a petrostate and the graph in the article proves that . 
  the fact that a permanent member of the un security council proportionally has higher natural resource rents than nigeria is pitiful . 
  because they do n't want venezuela to become an aggressor and get more power . 
  it does n't matter that guyana is not important , because the only thing that matters is maintaining the status quo . 
  definitely , maintaining the status quo in south america is very important for the us . 
  budget cuts , the dutch army is small and well organized . 
   basically most nato countries with smaller militaries do n't necessarily need to have a large military we do n't need a large military , but we need a capable one . 
  because of the budget cuts the basic fighting capabilities of the dutch armed forces are being threatened . 
  we are not estonia or something , we are required to have a capable military that can be deployed around the world in a short amount of time ( small missions ) . 
  nato also would n't stop functioning as an alliance if all the smaller nations that are a part of it just decided to not have a capable military anymore , because if that happened the small nations would turn into total puppet states of the bigger ones . 
  suriname has a tiny army and in case of an attack by suriname the netherlands/the us ( probably the us :p ) would intervene . 
  venezuela does have the army to attack guyana , but they would be bombed to hell by the us as soon as they even try to set up an invasion . 
  we actually have 61 operational right now . 
  we can use 8 f16s for missions . 
  if the mission is short , 8 jets can be used for combat , but if the mission is long , only 4 jets can be used ( the other 4 jets need to be used as backup then ) . 
  all the other f16s are used for training , aerial patrol and also can be used for things like we can see in the picture . 
  so our air force is in pretty bad shape , but it is not as terrible as you think it is . 
  you can try to find work at a camping/hotel/restaurant / bistro/cafe/resort . 
  those places need a lot of workers in the summer and they like people who speak the language of their customers ( the tourists :p ) . 
  if you can find work there you can also try to find work in agriculture , although i would ' t recommend that . 
  wages are usually low while the work is physically very taxing . 
  [seasonworkers.com ] ( http://www.seasonworkers.com/summerjobs/resorts/summerjobsineurope.aspx ) is a great site to look for summer jobs on , but you can also use different sites or even just contact places that you think might need workers . 
  true , we can thank our political system and hate for unpoldering anything for that . 
  they 've started depoldering that place months ago . 
  there was a lot of resistance to it , but we did not break that agreement . 
  do we ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious , do you have examples ? 
  i. . . what ... how ... 
  i do n't know what to say . 
  people are genuinely doing that ? 
  what the hell is wrong with people ? 
  edit : i 'm naive as fuck, 
  it was n't ethnic cleansing at all . 
  the war crimes were a by-product of the war and the only reason why they were committed was to keep the indonesian resistance under control , nobody was killed just because they were of a different ethnic group . 
  they were horrible acts of violence , but they were n't genocide or ethnic cleansing . 
  yeah , it 's a bit shameful that our government acknowledges the dutch war crimes ( not genocide ) during the war of independence ( i feel uneasy calling it the police actions ) , but not apologizes just because it does n't want to pay . 
  and it was for the best , without that forced population exchange a lot more greeks and turks ( greek muslims , turkish christians ) probably would have died from post-war violence . 
  there are none . 
  the turkish opinion is that if they recognize it they will have to compensate the victims , but that 's complete and utter bullshit . 
  many countries have recognized the genocides that they have committed and have n't paid a dime in compensation . 
  they are also tall , but on average they are about 4 cm shorter than the dutch . 
  [ source ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_height ), 
  did n't know that you can also sign documents with a belgian eid . 
  you still ca n't do the other things i mentioned though ( and send truly secure emails with your eid ) , but it is a step in the good direction . 
  we have a special digid for that , but the estonian system is way more advanced than the eid systems belgium and the netherlands have . 
  residents of estonia are able to give digital signatures , encrypt documents and vote on the internet ( + more things ) with their identity card . 
  you ca n't do that with a digid or a belgian eid and i 'm jealous of that . 
  ours are also chipped , but they ca n't be used for anything else than identifying yourself irl . 
  e-governance in estonia . 
  i also want an id card that can be used for digital signatures , e-voting and identifying yourself on the internet . 
  probably [ william iii ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/william_iii_of_the_netherlands ) of the netherlands . 
  many people called him ` king gorilla ' as a result of his violent and boorish nature . 
  he was also fined by the police once while on holiday in switzerland because he liked walking naked in the garden of his vacation home ... 
  i do n't think we have had really crazy rulers though ( if we disregard foreign rulers , napoleon was a dick ), 
  you do know that hostages get moved to different places quite often , right ? 
  maybe this was the first time there was an opportunity for liberation without causing a bloodbath and nl/france had to act fast , because else he would be moved to a different place again . 
  the dutch army does n't have the proper equipment in mali for a rescue mission . 
  they only have some apache helicopters and chinooks there . 
  maybe they could have used the chinook for the mission , but those things can be seen from a mile away . 
  the french did have the proper equipment in mali for the mission . 
  in my opinion that probably is the reason why they liberated the hostage . 
   i know enough on military matters to emphasize that a mission on faulty or non existent intelligence is likely to fail before it even starts . 
  and let that little fact be one of the many problems that plagues our army : the davids commission showed that much with its inquiry into the iraq war . 
  there are around 500 dutch soldiers in mali and their main task is to gather intelligence for the minusma mission . 
  the dutch army has loads of intelligence on the situation in mali and i think they would be excellently capable to do a mission such as this one . 
  we 're pretty patriotic people , but partially because of the calvinist attitude that we still have we do n't like boasting because it makes you look smug . 
  but if you say something wrong about the netherlands without a proper argumentation , expect a mountain of dutchies to attack you . 
  very true , the mentality in northwest-germany is more like the one in the northern backwaters of the netherlands . 
  the rest of the country is very different in mentality . 
  hell no . 
  europe would descend into hell if you did this . 
  benelux uninteresting ? 
  the netherlands has a shitton of history , cool culture and an interesting political climate ( i might be biased ) , belgium too + a lot of interesting war history .
