  ah , so france will also get an eu surcharge then ? 
  - dutch - native - loud dutch - on holiday in the costa del sol - english - watching cbbc and cartoon network and at school - dunglish - watching louis van gaal - reasonable german - at school and watching those yodelshows on zdf - absolutely terrible french - at school and on holiday, 
  ah , so it 's actually the same ( ish ) as in the netherlands . 
  that almost actually sounds exactly the same as the situation in the netherlands . 
  with our debit cards it is also possible to get credit from the bank so you can overdraft your bank account ( until a certain limit you set yourself , it is still possible to overdraft your account when you have n't set a limit though ) . 
  i do n't exactly know what you mean by ` international debit card ' however . 
  if it is just a regular debit card you can use at maestro/cirrus points worldwide , we have that too . 
  if it is a debit card that you can use as a credit card online , we do n't have anything like that . 
   if i pay my memberships with ideal ( online debit card interface ) , i will have to pay for the added cost . 
  i have literally never had to pay more to do that . 
  what kind of memberships do you mean ? 
   the store still has to pay them shopkeepers have to pay a very small fee to the company maintaining the national pin infrastructure , but paying with pin is also way cheaper for them because the shopkeepers do n't have to deal with cash , which is expensive and a hassle . 
  how does that work ? 
  can you spend more than is on your bank account , or ? 
   ing is the largest dutch bank and also partially state owned due to the economic crisis bail out . 
  nope , they have never been partially state-owned . 
  they got state aid during the 2008 crisis , but they have already paid back that money . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2014-11-07/ing-completes-state-aid-repayment-after-2008-taxpayer-bailout ), 
  this one has russian and english audio and is in 720phd . 
  [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ly-be7qkdpc ), 
  i do n't think that is possible , the same countries will probably veto the decision to kill the veto . 
   kill the uk rebate that will never happen . 
  denmark , sweden , the netherlands , germany and austria also have rebates and will never vote to cancel the uk rebate . 
  the uk also has a veto on any decisions concerning the rebate . 
   eligable electable ? 
  for the rest of your comment , i do n't know if people ( including me ) will like that . 
  i think european parties operating from brussels will have absolutely no connection with the european electorate . 
  farage temporarily ( probably ) gone , milliband probably gone and clegg gone . 
  i do n't think i have ever seen so many important party leaders leave after an election result . 
  if he does n't stand as leader again in the summer election ukip is lost . 
  parties like these need a strong leader , or else internal strife will kill the party . 
  aaand clegg has also resigned , that means a new leader for labour , the libdems and ukip ( possibly ) . 
   the class war party - because all the other candidates are scum . 
  i think the low amount of votes for the class war party shows that you need more than just a great slogan to actually get some votes ... 
  well , culturally they are n't very developed of course . 
  that 's very true . 
  they have excellent educational facilities and great healthcare though , national income per capita is also great . 
  07.03.2013  germany blocks schengen membership for bulgaria , romania  membership for bulgaria and romania in the visa-free schengen zone has been postponed under the threat of a german veto . 
  berlin has expressed concerns about the strength of the rule of law in the two eu member states . 
   `` there are some areas of weakness , such as in the functionality of the judicial system , that prevents us from saying : abolish the borders , '' said friedrich , warning that a wave of impoverished people could migrate to germany in search of better social services . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.dw.de/germany-blocks-schengen-membership-for-bulgaria-romania/a-16656037 ) 30.09.2013  france against romania , bulgaria joining schengen zone  france is not in favour of allowing romania and bulgaria into europe 's passport-free schengen zone for now due to concerns about border security , french foreign minister laurent fabius said on monday . 
   `` if there is not a change in conditions , we wo n't be in favour , '' foreign minister laurent fabius said of a forthcoming european union decision on whether to grant passport-free movement to these citizens beginning january 1 , 2014 . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/09/30/us-france-roms-idusbre98t08120130930 ) 06.01.2015  german official : romania will not access schengen in 2015  the chairman of the commission for internal affairs of the bundestag wolfgang bosbach stated that romania will not access schengen in 2015 , saying that the fact that klaus iohannis was elected as president does not mean that the political situation in the country has changed fundamentally or will change ' der spiegel says . 
  [ source ] ( http://actmedia.eu/daily/german-official-romania-will-not-access-schengen-in-2015/55821 ) these are the real reasons why some western-european nations keep voting against schengen ascension . 
  i genuinely do n't care about your groundless ideas about why romania and bulgaria ca n't join schengen yet . 
   if you want facts , there 's plenty of information on the political lobbies that hinder schengen ascension . 
  there are no legitimate concerns for corruption or freedom of movement , only political . 
  well , give me some credible sources then . 
   i know hungarians have this unexplainable hate for neighboring countries , and i take with skepticism your post . 
  the hungarian flag is red-white-green , not red-white-blue . 
   hungary is nowadays more corrupt than romania . 
  yeah , i 'm not gon na have a discussion with you about something you ca n't back up with facts . 
   call it by the right name - lobbying due to political reasons , aka blocking black sea ports from competition . 
  rotterdam would lose a lot of business and surprise surprise that 's why holland votes no . 
  bullshit , constanta and rotterdam have a completely different hinterland . 
  the economic size of constanta 's hinterland is and will also be incomparable to the economic size of rotterdam 's hinterland . 
  romania will also need to invest a buttload of cash into romanian infrastructure , or else the port of constanta wo n't even grow properly when romania actually is a part schengen . 
  edit : the port of rotterdam actually even is cooperating with the port of constanta . 
  they will never be competitors , they are too far apart . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.dredgingtoday.com/2013/04/03/rotterdam-to-cooperate-with-constanta-port-romania/ ), 
  i did n't say they had anything to do with the actual ascension requirements . 
  romania has already met those requirements in 2007 and only the eu itself can comment on a country meeting the ascension requirements . 
  i said the that the objections that some countries in the council have are valid . 
  there are still problems with corruption and organized crime in romania , nobody can deny that . 
  holy hell that document is vague . 
  this seems more like a wishlist than a real strategy and i do n't think the commission will be able to achieve a lot of the goals they have have set themselves concerning the digital single market . 
  a lot of the things they propose simply seem too controversial or/and too idealistic . 
   while fellow europeans still ca n't move freely . 
   but for example romania 's ascension to schengen seems to stagnate yes , because some western-european countries have valid objections to ascension . 
  they think that there are still significant shortcomings in the field of anticorruption and the fight against organized crime . 
  there is nothing disgusting about having objections like that . 
  i also ca n't think of any good counterarguments to the idea of giving visa-free travel to emiratis . 
  the uae is a rich and developed nation and making traveling to schengen easier for them will probably have a positive effect on tourism . 
  why ? 
  the uae is rich and very developed . 
  visa-free travel to europe for the emiratis will probably be great for tourism . 
  * ode an die freude * is crap as an european anthem and it makes me cringe whenever it is played . 
  quite a lot has changed in the netherlands . 
  due to the economic crisis a lot more people now work on temporary contracts or are freelancers . 
  some of those freelancers can become quite a problem in the future , because they do n't / ca n't set aside money for when they are retired . 
  salary growth generally has stalled , especially in the public sector . 
  we do n't celebrate labour day by the way , most people are working right now . 
  what the fuck did i just read ? 
  can someone enlighten me , is this a joke ? 
  no , this table includes all of the eu . 
  it 's a table from the eurostat site and eurostat records unenployment for the entire eu and some other countries . 
  [ source ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/unemployment_statistics_at_regional_level ), 
  yup , because of schengen poland is required to heavily guard the border with ukraine/belarus/russia ( access to poland is a little bit easier for citizens of kaliningrad ) . 
  no , because the borders with ukraine / ~ ~ romania ~ ~ belarus etc are guarded , making illegal entry much more difficult . 
   if it 's restricted to poland and romania then by definition schengen access has been witheld as a prerequisite of issuing the visas . 
  yeah , but illegal travel to the other schengen nations would be easily possible if poland would be visa-free for ukrainians/georgians . 
  poland has unguarded borders with germany , the czech republic and slovakia due to schengen , so leaving poland to illegally work/live in others nations would be a piece of cake . 
   poland supports ukrainian application for visa-free travel to the 26-country schengen area , president bronis\u0142aw komorowski said during his visit to kiev . 
  he said he wanted visa-free travel to the entire schengen zone , not only poland and romania . 
  even if it was limited to poland and romania the western-european countries would n't accept it , because poland is a part of schengen . 
  it will be very difficult for romania and poland to persuade the rest of the council to accept this . 
  i think most western-european countries wo n't like visa-free travel for ukrainians and georgians . 
  nope , bidets are extremely rare here . 
  the only time i see bidets is when i am in a mediterranean country . 
  not really , both are sponsors of [ terrorism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/state-sponsored_terrorism ) , have terrible human rights records and are absolute monarchies .
