  ` poland outperforms western europe ' is wrong though , some western european nations still have better scores than poland . 
  western europe also does n't have clearly defined borders , so saying that ` poland outperforms western europe ' will have absolutely no meaning whatsoever . 
  they just chose the uk because they 're a british paper writing for british people . 
  we 've been divided for so long that the western europe , eastern/commie europe division just has kinda stuck . 
  hah , keep dreaming . 
  :p the uk is a part of western europe , there are almost no reasons why it could/should be a part of northern europe . 
  what 's the uk a part of then ? 
  i live near the area and have heard from friends living in stedum/loppersum and other places where the quakes are happening that they never have really experienced one , because they never wake up from them . 
  it 's all about perception . 
  great website , but so extremely biased . 
  he is making it seem like the people of northeastern-groningen are shaking out of their beds , which is n't true . 
  there are major problems , but it is n't armageddon . 
  yeah , i know , that 's why we do have the same opinion quite often . 
  but what the last commenter was suggesting is that we are some kind of extension of germany , which we are n't and never will be . 
  our opinion on what the eu must be is simply quite different from that of germany . 
  an example of that is that we voted against the eu constitution in 2004 and germany did n't . 
  this difference in opinion might come up again now . 
  the netherlands backed the uk against juncker before mutti merkel intervened , so there is a real possibility rutte will back the uk again ( he needs to grow a pair beforehand though ) . 
  also , we are n't a german bundesland , of course we have our own opinion on the eu . 
  i hope so too , but do n't count on it . 
  cameron is a toxic asset and there is a great chance that working with him will be political suicide for a country on an european level . 
  i do n't think any country in europe wants to become one of germany and france 's children ... 
  `` mother russia is here !, 
  '' , i do n't think that russian guy gives a fuck . 
  sweden , winning because we do n't want russia to win . 
  is there a sci-fi convention going on ? 
  graham norton , asking the important questions . 
  hahaha , 1 point for the uk . 
  ireland is such a great troll . 
  such a beautiful baby blue meth necklace . 
  hmm ... that azeri guy looks like an uglier version of the swedish guy . 
  is the building behind her the crappier moldovan version of the louvre ? 
  oh , a yellow shirt . 
  that guy is so damn fashionable . 
  oh yay , more awkward conversation . 
  i hope we 'll see a lot of neon fountains during these results . 
  i always like those . 
  is it bad that i think that this is the best performance of the evening ? 
  haha , italy 's background is so kitschy . 
  only slightly less than russia . 
  maybe putin will make her the new presenter of siberia 's next top model ? 
  she should really check her eyes . 
  i do n't think your tears should be made of mercury . 
  you 're still there ? 
  yes , graham , i am ( barely ) . 
  thanks for asking . 
  not bad , but not very interesting . 
  oh fun , they 're fishing . 
  that 's so austrian !, 
  is that kid ever coming back ? 
  amount of the times the uk has come dead last in the last 15 years of eurovision : 3 amount of the times the the netherlands has come dead last in the last 15 years of eurovision : 1 what were you saying again ? 
  terrible , like always . 
  being crap is almost a tradition for the british at eurovision . 
  where did he go ? 
  did he disappear through the digital door ? 
  thankfully we can watch the bbc in the netherlands . 
  watching eurovision without graham 's snarky comments is so much less fun . 
   - the presenters end a sentence with : ... and australia add this and you will get even more drunk . 
  eesti 's song is great , and their staging is too . 
  that damn digital door is so fancy . 
  i want one in my house . 
   like women wearing hijabs making them impossible to identify in crowd how does a hijab make a woman unidentifiable in a crowd ? 
  what did the dutch government do !? 
  damnit juncker , now i will never know . 
  stopping the nationalist bullshit from both sides would be great , because that 'll mean airfrance-klm will be finally be able to function as a viable european company and not a dysfunctional hell . 
  i do n't know if you are seeing a different map , because the one i am seeing shows that quite a large part of europe has already joined the 21st century . 
   a nation once mighty enough to conquer half the world now goes down of infighting . 
  greek macedonia conquered half the world , the fyrom has conquered nothing . 
  six more years of napoleon would have meant six more years ( or even more than 6 years ) of occupation for the netherlands ( and many other countries ) . 
  i am absolutely certain we 'd not be better off if napoleon never lost , our economy in 1815 was already almost in tatters due to the french and it 'd probably would have completely collapsed if napoleon had stayed on as tyrant until 1821 . 
  can anyone explain what this will mean for dutch net neutrality ? 
  if this annuls it , can we negotiate an opt-out ? 
  according to this article it is a little bit cheaper , but not much . 
  our weed is locally produced by local crime syndicates ( and maybe the ndrangheta ) , we do n't need no silly german weed . 
  haha , i know i do n't . 
  were digital doors on sale at ikea or something ? 
  does it have more than one digital door ? 
  she looked like a black teletubbie though . 
  oooh , a digital door . 
  estonia 's staging is fancy as hell . 
  we also have an cyclist ( ish ) union like that ( mostly for tours and a shitload of other things ) , the anwb . 
  a quarter of the population is a member of the anwb , but they do n't count it because the anwb is n't a member of the european cyclist federation . 
  only the much smaller fietsersbond is a member ... 
  eh , this report sounds like bullshit . 
  why is ` cycle advocacy ' a category ? 
  people join cyclist unions when they want to change things , not when they are happy . 
   extreme left sentiments ah , so worrying that the tanks might be used in the oppression and torture of west-papuans is an ` extreme left ' sentiment now ? 
   whilst france , germany , belgium , luxembourg , the netherlands ( ... ) will be a lot more like a single country with all the various overlapping treaties and exceptions swept away to create a more robust and stable system wo n't happen , i do n't think the people of the benelux ( me for example ) want to be part of a franco-german empire . 
  *** ^ hides ^ bicycle ***, 
  you do know zeeland is mostly protestant , right ? 
  remove the belgian enclaves from the netherlands and the dutch enclaves from belgium ( not the enclaves inside the other enclaves of course ) so the border there wo n't be fucked up anymore . 
  do n't you have cable/fibre in your area ? 
  holy hell , the bang for buck ratio the israelis have seems immense . 
   that is a travesty that needs to be addressed . 
  the 2 million syrians stuck in lebanon and turkey should be flown to germany , benelux , britain and scandinavia . 
  please tell me you are joking . 
   south somalia is safe and open for tourism sarcasm ? 
  i have no idea , maybe they think we are like the danes because we share some similarities on a superficial level . 
  it 's one of the things that baffles me about other dutch / r/europe members . 
  the other one is that some actually seem to * like * the idea of a german annexation of the netherlands .
