   if a spartan-ii was equipped with gen2 mjolnir , that would be the best possible combination, 
  is n't naomi-010 's mk.vii technically gen2 ? 
  is the word `` badass '' really becoming a thing in ireland these days among young people ? 
  i always thought that was a predominantly american term . 
  it 's almost like every person we hold up as exemplary examples of humanity had flaws . 
   young enough to have watched american idol as a child, 
  is it summer already ? 
  jesus christ , will it ever die ? 
  i still consider such people children . 
   i 'd say it probably is gen2 , but note that just because mark vii is gen2 does n't mean all of gen2 is mark vii, 
  that makes sense . 
  i suppose the only reason naomi 's armor was given the mk.vii designation was to differentiate it from the spartan iv gen 2 armor and keep it in line with previous iterations of spartan ii armor . 
  also , is the gen 2 mjolnir that the spartan ivs use referred to as `` gen 2 mk.i '' ? 
  there 's a time and a place . 
  a commemoration service for those who fought and died at war is unsuitable and frankly the behaviour of the protesters was disgraceful . 
  ignorant cunts with no sense of decency . 
   many on the yes side seem arrogant, 
  you can say that again . 
  as you said , the no campaign is far better organised and ( for a multitude of reasons ) you do n't have your average no voter engaging in the type of detrimental activity that * less restrained * yes voters are engaging in . 
  on top of that , we all know how much the average irish person dislikes arrogance . 
  if the yes campaign is perceived as arrogant , on the fence voters could be encouraged to vote no . 
   there 's every chance that people are ashamed of their no vote, 
  i 've been saying that for months now . 
  what no voter with an iota of common sense would dare announce that they 're voting that way unless they wanted to open themselves up to social ruin . 
  this is especially the case if you 're a young person what with social media and everything . 
  being a dick towards no voters achieves nothing . 
  if anything you 're hurting the yes campaign . 
   aaa : their strategy is a bit more like syriza 's left wing as in they see it necessary to leave the euro and default and start rebuilding . 
  christ on a bike !, 
  are they not aware of how much that would fuck up our tentative economic recovery ? 
  seriously , if anybody votes for these nutjobs then they 're nothing short of ignorant . 
  very good summary overall though . 
  your slight bias aside , it 's accurate and more people should be made read this before the election . 
  do n't their manifestos have a tendency to be * very * long ? 
  i imagine time is a factor for a lot of people . 
  nope . 
  heckling speakers honoring the dead is not on . 
  would you protest at a funeral or at a memorial service for those who died during the famine ? 
  if you want to protest , there are a multitude of other places you can do it . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/halostory/comments/345w5p/do_we_have_two_many_spartan_iis_in_the_canon/ ) a write-up i did on the current status of all known spartan iis and inconsistencies that exist with regard to the number of them that exist . 
  well i was n't disputing whether syriza-style policies are suitable for greece ( personally i 'm on the fence at the moment ) , but they are completely unsuitable for ireland as we are the the road to recovery economically-speaking . 
  hence why voting for aaa would be stupid . 
  very few people in ireland would be happy if faced with the realities of a non-capitalist economy , so you can be sure there are plenty of people voting for aaa in ignorance . 
   heckling at a funeral and a memorial service for those who died during the famine are a vast ocean apart in terms of tactlessness , so i 'm not really sure why you 're trying to equate them there, 
  they 're not equitable , but they 're both good examples of where heckling is unsuitable . 
   i see nothing wrong with people who are alive and well today taking any opportunity they can to air their complaints , when it quite clearly does not cause emotional distress to anyone at those events, 
  who are you to say that it did n't ? 
  also , maybe i have a different set of standards to you , but while i do n't necessarily respect the dead by mere virtue of being dead , heckling those who seek to honour deceased people about whom you ca n't be sure whether they were good or bad reeks of insensitivity and pig-headedness . 
  the uk election build-up had a number of useful websites that allowed you to take 20-30 minute surveys that questioned you on a myriad of issues and determined which party best suited your views ( not that it really matters in a first past the post system where tactical voting is rife ) . 
  that strikes me as being far more convenient and accessible than reading a manifesto cover to cover . 
   there was a link here yesterday with a survey for figuring out who you should vote for in the carlow by-election ; it 's not fantastically nuanced but it 's pretty good idea if to take something like that if you do n't have time and want to tease out what you 're for and against , at least . 
  the uk had a number of such surveys for the recent general election . 
  i completed a few of them out of curiosity and considered them to be fairly thorough and accurate . 
  i wonder will we see irish versions being released in the run-up to the next general election ? 
   ca n't really have your cake and eat it though if you want to be properly informed , do n't you reckon ? 
  but let 's be realistic here ; reading a manifesto is boring as fuck and takes time a lot of working people do n't have . 
   providing they have people to put them up !, 
  doing so could be social suicide in some communities . 
  what the fuck is with the downvotes in this thread ? 
  does / r/ireland really have so many edgy teenagers ? 
   it strikes me that you are nearly being offended just for the sake of being offended, 
  i am the last person who would be in such a state as i am * very * difficult to offend . 
  i 'm not personally offended at all , but watching the footage on the news last night i thought the behaviour of the protesters during solemn speeches of remembrance was disgraceful . 
   i 'm a working person and i can read a full manifesto , i do n't buy that as an excuse . 
  `` i have the time to do something , therefore everybody else should too '' . 
   if we ever get a left wing government trying go against the flow . 
  well , personally i can say that i hope that never happens . 
  interesting read nonetheless though . 
  some people got protesting in their blood during the water charges debacle , and now they ca n't seem to let it go despite the fact that time for protesting about it is long past . 
  at the time i thought `` kia '' was accurate , but having read up on it a bit more it does seem more appropriate to list him as genuinely mia . 
  however , bringing two spartans back after suffering similar fates ( the other being kurt ) would be a bit too convenient for my liking . 
  i envy him in ways . 
   the covenant were trying to capture the pillar, 
  why exactly was that again ? 
   these are the guys who , after all , were told that humans were reclaimers ( which to them meant essentially the same thing as being forerunners ) and decided to wage genocidal war on them and keep the truth a secret from the entirety of their society . 
  what i 've never understood is why they still believed that the great journey was real despite the fact that their religion had been shaken to its core by the revelation regarding humanity ? 
  that said , we do see elements of truth being skeptical about the effects of the halo array in his decision to head for the ark when tartarus was given the mission to activate installation 05 ( truth , assuming that the arbiter was contained and the chief was on high charity , had no reason to assume tartarus would fail in his task ) . 
  had n't heard of that theory before , but it seems solid . 
  i just assumed that it had to do with them not wanting to damage the halo , but i assume covenant weapons are accurate enough to mitigate that risk . 
  all the downvoting in this thread reminds me once again of the immature demographic of this subreddit . 
  downvoting does n't change reality , lads . 
  this poll working under the assumption that no voters would actually admit that they were voting that way ? 
  depends on your morals . 
   and the likes of enda kenny have no claim to bask in the glory of other people 's dead relatives . 
  i do n't think he was making any attempt to stake a claim on their glory . 
  such a childish , contrary attitude to have . 
  2edgy4me . 
  you 've a very simplistic view of politics that 's obviously being coloured by some sort of assumption that all politicians are inherently machiavellian 100 % of time and do n't have a good bone in their body . 
  context is important , lad . 
  also , your weak attempt at humour did n't serve to further the discussion in any meaningful way . 
  so it 's just black and white when it comes to politicians for you , eh ? 
  no nuance at all ? 
  well , i was never voting at all anyway . 
   yet we do n't really talk about just how badly they have been treated ( and continue to be treated ) over the past few decades, 
  if we 're improving the situation for the gays , what 's the point in digging up the past and making everybody else feel bad ? 
   anywhere kenny or a cabinet member , they should be met with protesters . 
  shhh , i know it must be liberating not to have to consider things like decency and respect as you go about your life heckling people , but some of us have standards and principles that we abide by . 
  nope . 
  all i was saying was that downvoting the truth does n't make it any less true . 
  what would be her motive though ?
