   sad state of affairs that we have so many young people taking their lives because of people like those in the iona institute and all you care about is their poor property hoisting up a banner, 
  i ca n't care about more than one thing at a time ? 
  news to me . 
  huh ? 
  out of curiosity , what do you mean by `` one of those types '' ? 
  that could mean anything . 
  i find such statements are made by people who ca n't formulate a proper counter-argument . 
  safe spaces are bullshit . 
   generally speaking , irish girls have big tits , and juicy asses . 
  that 's just a fact . 
  source ? 
  also mention gibraltar and catalonian independence . 
  nothing wrong with calling the garda\u00ed , lad . 
  you 're entitled to do so if you deem it necessary . 
  i think you 're confusing ireland with france . 
  all the tvs are in the pubs here . 
  nah , i 've other elements to my character that do n't make me normal . 
  but i would still consider anarchists to be utterly , for lack of a better word , retarded . 
  to be fair , / r/ireland considers anybody who does n't toe the hivemind line ( which in this case includes breaking the law ) to be a cunt . 
  you 're just one in a sea of many people without an adequate counter-argument and therefore resort to petty insults . 
  or am i wrong ? 
  i 'd rather be right on / r/ireland , because we all know that this subreddit is n't representative of the irish population as a whole . 
  how so ? 
  nothing i 've said is wrong . 
  if you ca n't point to one piece of evidence to support your claim that i 'm a cunt , then it 's just a toothless insult . 
  your `` keen sense '' sounds like it 's broken . 
  it 's not a case of one or the other . 
  stopping these `` activists '' from gaining access to the iona property does n't infringe on their individual rights . 
  this is very basic stuff . 
  according to who ? 
  what law states that ? 
  face it , you 're just making shit up to in accordance with your worldview . 
  grow the fuck up . 
  you 're the one calling me a cunt without any evidence to support it . 
  a bit hypocritical , no ? 
  morality is * largely * subjective , legality is not . 
  quality ruse . 
  makes you wonder what unemployed angry women do with their time . 
  thankfully not in ireland - yet . 
  although many college campuses could be on the verge of becoming safe spaces . 
  and now it 's backfiring horribly . 
  it 's fun to watch the chaos unfold from the outside . 
  people saying that the eu will suffer from this have no understanding how the eu works . 
  the loss of uk financial contributions may sting for a while , but its the uk that 's the real loser here . 
  the entire brexit debacle is a good argument for why direct democracy just does n't work . 
  i agree , it 's impossible to say how this will play out economically in the long run . 
  but what we can say with certainty is that the break-up of the united kingdom is more likely now than it has been in centuries . 
  scotland coming out of this crisis as part of the uk is becoming less and less likely every day . 
  and northern ireland , albeit quiet at the moment , is unlikely to come out of this unscathed either . 
  entertaining stuff . 
  i hope at least scotland goes independent , even though i 'd love to see a united ireland myself . 
  well , the motherland is actually a t-54 first prototype and is a noticeably better tier viii soviet medium than the t-44 . 
  luckily people seem to have gotten tired of playing the motherland at the moment . 
  that 's not the chaos i was referring to , friendo . 
  the political end of things is way more interesting than the economic end of things , especially because nobody has any idea how the latter is gon na play out in the long run so it 's pointless speculating over it . 
  true , but one can dream . 
  that said , the religious/cultural divide is weakening in the north , and with the prospect of the uk leaving the eu , many soft unionists may be inclined to vote for reunification if there was a referendum in order to retain the benefits of eu membership . 
  as i 've said to others already , i 'm not referring to the economic end of things because that 's far too unpredictable right now . 
  that said , i would n't exactly be optimistic about the uk 's economic prospects , but that 's just me . 
  ... where the hell are you inferring all that bullshit from ? 
  are you even paying attention to what 's going on in the uk politically at the moment ? 
  ah , that explains it . 
  past interactions with / v/irgins has left me with the impression that they would n't be the most politically informed people on the planet . 
   is there some normie board on 4chan that is n't shit and would n't immediately invalidate someone 's opinion ? 
  about what ? 
  i 'm not even from the uk . 
  i 'll go into as much detail as you want about the political end of things , friendo - it 's mighty interesting . 
  discussing the economic end of things is just pointless though ; there 's no precedent , so nobody has a clue what 's going to happen long term . 
   in other news i found the liberal, 
  you could not be any more wrong . 
  i 'm anything but , friendo . 
  not very . 
  i 'm not british after all . 
  there sure is a lot of political chaos in the uk right now - you ca n't deny that . 
   poor people have nothing to lose . 
  its the rich that are pissed !, 
  welcome to the lower class cunts !, 
  that 's one hell of an ignorant statement . 
  this is why people like you should n't be allowed to vote . 
  the sun is the type of newspaper read by leave voters though . 
  you clearly were n't paying attention to any of the newspapers before the referendum . 
   also to keep sand niggers out . 
  except , that 's not going to work . 
   except people who want to see the whole of europe fail . 
  except that 's not going to happen . 
  what shred of evidence is there to suggest that such a thing will occur ? 
  not exactly true . 
  cameron could trigger article 50 as early as this week , but i 'd be skeptical as whether he will . 
  on top of that , boris sure is going a lot of backtracking over his commitment to eu departure over the past few days . 
  the average man on the street will have no more control over the status quo outside of the eu . 
  i guess you have n't been paying attention to what 's unfolding at the moment in the uk . 
   their opinion was discarded because they were in the minority, 
  if you discard the opinion of a large minority , you 're playing with political fire . 
  even boris knows this , which is why he is backpedaling so heavily in his post-referendum speeches . 
  the the brits still owned the usa , the uk probably would n't be the shithole it is today . 
   they 're not elected through democratic processes and they want to start their own army . 
  member states are n't obliged to join any such army , as per the lisbon treaty . 
  germany and france have done pretty damn well as part of the eu . 
  as have most other member states . 
  many eu member states won ww2 too .
