  i hate way the pelican flies though . 
  flies like a brick . 
  it should be far agile considering what it is . 
   but what 's better is that you can skip the first 2 towers by proceeding directly to the third one that has a gaping hole above the doorway . 
  then , when you reach the second floor with the banshees , you can skip that part by flying directly to the objective . 
  huh , never knew that . 
  very repetitive mission . 
  not a huge fan of it . 
  bit tricky on legendary because the prometheans are relentless and there 's very little cover when you 're on the gondolas . 
  cutscenes are great though . 
   oh , believe me i hate the halo 4 pelican , both in design and in gameplay, 
  i 'm with you on that one . 
  it 's sinfully ugly compared to its predecessors . 
  not liking the way the covenant and prometheans are speaking english . 
  plays havoc with the immersion . 
  ** edit : ** have i misunderstood something ? 
  i agree . 
  and there 's some really odd downvoting trends going on in this thread . 
  i 'm guessing some / r/halo overflow . 
   the covenant spoke english in-game all the way up until odst . 
  not in halo 1 . 
  not 100 % sure about halo 2 though . 
  wait , so only * some * feminists are ridiculous but * all * mras are ? 
   grunts spoke english in h1, 
  you sure about that ? 
  outside of the easter egg grunt on the final level , i do n't recall any other grunts speaking english in halo ce . 
  i 'll have to take your word for it , because i simply do n't remember . 
  in what capacity ? 
  weird . 
  i literally just replayed ce with a friend about a month ago and i do n't recall any of those lines . 
   i just really do n't understand all the hatred for halo 4 's elites . 
  as in wishes it had never been created . 
  but why ? 
  of all the things you could possibly hate about halo under 343i , why hate the altered design of the elites ? 
   english became the covenant 's basic language over the course of the human covenant war . 
  what 's your source on that ? 
   it 's hard not to laugh at these new dudes . 
  well , maybe for you . 
  while i maintain that reach had the best elites , i do n't have a huge problem with the newer ones . 
  * all * of the new designs ? 
  everything ? 
  damn , there 's definitely some / r/halo overflow here today . 
  many men want to campaign for gender equality but do n't want to be associated with the feminist cause . 
   as for the inevitable `` if it 's for equality why is it called feminism , '' because in 99 % of life , women are at a disadvantage in comparison to men . 
  made up statistics , eh ? 
  is doisac where the halo 5 gameplay demo took place ? 
  fair enough . 
  i was just wondering because your post popped up amidst all the e3 posts . 
  i 'd be the first to complain if a mod abused their powers , but i saw nothing wrong with how the mod you 're being so vague about behaved in that thread . 
   upsetting people, 
  we 're not that much of a sensitive bunch in / r/ireland that we 're `` upset '' by what our mods say . 
  if popular support turns against them , they should go . 
  but that has n't happened yet because only a small minority seem to be complaining about them so far . 
  i 've never had to contact an anon so i do n't know how to do this , but how do they send each other email addresses ? 
  goddammit , lions are n't the ones raping women . 
  leave the lion alone !, 
  are you joking ? 
  gibraltar is a fortress !, 
  there 's a reason the british have been able to hang onto it for centuries . 
  pretty much , yeah . 
  stick them on the inside of the window then . 
  you can get ones that stick like that ( well you can with the l plates at least ) . 
  i think that 's what my bother did because my father did n't want l-plates on the outside of his car and we did n't have any of the interior ones handy . 
  of all the weapons manufacturers in america , you pick the one that * does n't * make firearms for the civilian market as an example . 
   they could at least start precluding assault rifles . 
  `` assault rifles '' is a very broad term . 
  most of what are officially classed as assault rifles are already banned . 
   can there be a federal limitation set ? 
  there are certain federal limitations in place at the moment as far as i know , but anything more would be political suicide . 
  you 'll get your b-2 bomber when you can pay for it up front . 
   yes because this affects the out of control gun fatalities by how much ? 
  well , at lot actually since lockheed martin would have significant lobbying power but have no reason to use that power to prevent stricter gun controls because they have no vested interests in the civilian gun market . 
  so your statement was inaccurate and taints the credibility of the rest of your argument . 
  maybe do some research next time . 
  map could do with being a bit bigger , op . 
   i may have misstated lockheed martin ( even though it 's a weapons manufacturer ) but as my previous reply states , so what ? 
  that company thrives on building weapons to kill on a bigger fucking scale . 
  yeah , but they 're not weapons that can get into civilian hands and be used in mass shootings . 
  you 're twisting your original argument in order to accommodate your mistake , instead of just acknowledging it and moving on . 
  also , i do n't know where you 're getting the impression that i disagree with gun control . 
  i just do n't like people claiming inaccurate statements to be true . 
  so we should let poorly made arguments slide unchallenged ? 
  i ca n't speak for that guy obviously , but personally i think the european union has untold potential if the member states were to undergo further unification . 
  i 'm a strong believer in the phrase and idea that `` unity makes strength '' , and i believe this applies to everything from economics to politics to military power and technological advancement . 
  but for this to be achieved , we have to start thinking of ourselves as european . 
  but i 'm not for a second saying that we should abandon our cultural heritage , nor should we try to become like the usa . 
  but greater sense of european identity would do wonders for the european project . 
  it 's not that i * do n't * feel irish , it 's just i feel that my identity as a european supersedes it . 
  similar to how i am from cork , but my irish identity supersedes that . 
  so you just like being contrary ? 
   but since i 'll only get upvoted for laughing at porn, 
  it 's a lot of things , but it ai n't porn . 
  must be good money in the slut business - that 's a new ford focus . 
  you want no more bullshit , yet you 'll vote for sinn f\u00e9in ? 
  you are aware that their economic policies make zero sense , right ? 
  not scary in the literal sense of the word , morseo `` unnerving '' . 
  the majority of people do n't trust the likes of paul murphy . 
  you 're not exactly portraying sf voters in a particularly good light with such flippant responses . 
  the way you assume you 're older than everybody else here is a bit arrogant to say the least . 
  ha , if they do by some miracle get into power , one silver lining to come from such a disaster will be the quick realisation of sf voters of the mistake they 've made .
