  we ca n't stop them , sure . 
  but that 's not a good enough reason to make it legal . 
   there are many conscious non-human animals that we kill every day . 
  yes , and that is n't considered murder because they 're not members of our own species . 
  look up the definition of murder , why do n't you ? 
   in any case , they 're only part of our species upon consciousness according to you . 
  we 're allowed to kill all unconscious beings by this train of thought right ? 
  way to twist my words . 
  there 's a difference between being unconscious and never having had consciousness . 
  why are you so hung up on the idea that people might have an issue with killing a conscious entity ? 
  does n't sweden have a similar law though , and they 're lauded as the paragon of `` progressiveness '' ? 
  does this mean it 's over ? 
  we can finally stop talking about it now ? 
  fair enough , but personally i 'm would n't be comfortable legalising abortion while the issue remains so ambiguous . 
  not disagreeing with you on that one . 
  personally i believe the crux of many of their problems lie with letting left wing social ideologies go too far . 
  sounds like i need to install some kind of filter in that case . 
   have you been to sweden ? 
  they are incredibly right wing and have huge religious/hate groups that have a big say in government policy ( enforcing temperance towns ) , massive anti-immigration groups and a sick amount of nazi 's not just neo-nazis and nazi punks but you will see people proudly walking down the streets with swastika badges sewn on their clothes . 
  also their biggest political party is a right-wing , anti-immigration nazi party . 
  those groups are very much so in the minority . 
  hell , sweden 's right wing party ca n't even get in power . 
   are you thinking of denmark ? 
  they hate how right wing sweden is . 
  denmark is more right wing than sweden . 
  i ai n't planning on dying for this cause , lad . 
  that 's not very nice . 
  do you always insult those you do n't agree with ? 
  because i do n't believe in legally sanctioning murder unless absolutely necessary . 
  you have sex , you take the risk . 
  so you 're saying abortion should be considered something akin to manslaughter ? 
  are men only allowed engage in the abortion debate if they support the pro choice side ? 
  i do n't consider legalising abortion to be `` taking care of our own '' . 
  so left wing ideas are the only ones of any merit ? 
  do you have any idea how arrogant that sounds ? 
  i fail to see how . 
   maybe it would if you had a vested interest in it ? 
  i do n't believe a vested interest in something is required in order to be interested in the debate surrounding it . 
  well , that 's called a difference of opinions . 
   how is it murder ? 
  if you 're killing what can be interpreted as another human being , how is it not ? 
   it 's not about making a baby practically 99 % of the time . 
  it 's about intimacy and pleasure and fun . 
  but there 's a risk involved . 
  whatever happened to personal responsibility ? 
  the issue that many people realise though is that once the 8th is repealed , abortions on demand are only a step away . 
  inb4 slippery slope . 
   people have sex , will always have sex and will quite often have sex without really thinking through the long term consequences . 
  you will never change this . 
  that 's not my problem . 
  i do n't see why we should legalise what can be interpreted as murder just so people can have risk-free casual sex . 
   what is relevant is that you are advocating for bringing unwanted children into the world, 
  never said that . 
  hell , i used to be subscribed to / r/childfree before it became the circlejerk hub it is now . 
  i just think people should be more careful with the frequency and manner in which they have sex . 
  it 's hardly too much to ask . 
  spin it whatever way you want , but the vast majority of political and social movements in the world are left or right wing in their ideologies . 
   do you not think , if you had a womb but no right to choose when and how you reproduce , that it might bother you a bit ? 
  actually , women currently have full control over when and how they produce . 
  if you have sex without at least double-lock protection , you are running the risk of becoming pregnant . 
  do n't want to risk becoming pregnant , do n't engage in frequent sex with minimal or protection . 
  simple as . 
   it is trivial to demonstrate that right-wing politics are not evidence-based , with much of it mired in anti-science and magical thinking, 
  it sounds like you 're confusing the entire right wing political movement with american republicans . 
   is the next step abstinence ? 
  well if you 're not willing to take the risk , sure . 
  but double-locking contraception significantly reduces the chances of conception . 
  personally , i think you are . 
  i know , it 's great . 
  truly the highlight of my day . 
   you must be a real fun guy . 
  when you have to resort to statements like that , you have to realise your argument has gone awry . 
  if you could list any points i 've failed to address , that would be great . 
  because looking back over this comment thread , i 've addressed every point that i believe requires addressing . 
   actually i 'd probally enjoy it all the more knowing i 'd deprived a `` real fan '' of a ticket . 
  that 's a dick move . 
   i 'm a girl but i 'm not like other girls, 
  such people lack self control and proper judgement . 
   being this new, 
   and women should be able to choose if they want to go through that or not . 
  by not having sex ? 
  people need to accept that there is an inherent risk of getting pregnant when you have sex . 
   enda : `` it 's to tell you were to go '', 
  ballsy . 
   just be yourself, 
   god i fucking hate people like that, 
  why do you hate them ? 
  wait , people have to get their sexuality diagnosed by a medical professional now ? 
  til . 
   everyone wants to be chad deep inside . 
  i do n't . 
  they have nothing i want . 
  the koran also says to treat christians with respect and not to persecute them for their faith . 
  just because something is in the holy book does n't mean people will adhere to it . 
  hayabusa was an outlier though , in a sea of more realistic looking armor . 
  and believe me , it * did * draw criticism when revealed . 
  word to the wise though , many people like myself know that if somebody is wearing the fotus armor , they are quite likely gon na be a shitty player . 
  i 've yet to be proven wrong on that . 
  it is attractive to - how should i put it - those of a younger mindset ... 
  what the hell was wrong with halo 3 rogue ?
