  er , nobody said you do n't . 
  but the fact that the mere existence of the bar at all angers people like you just baffles me . 
   but how is that a problem ? 
  desire for a quiet meal with casual conversation in a restaurant with friends/family + jackass at next table with loud ringtone having full blown conversation = annoyance . 
  the constant beeps of text messages and such can also be irritating . 
  call it personal preference , but a bar/restaurant that banned phones/requests you to turn them off would rank highly for me . 
  for some people , ringtones and full blown phone conversations can be an annoyance when you just want to go to your favourite pub for a quiet drink . 
  if you do n't want to take the risk of being uncontactable in a emergency , do n't frequent that particular bar . 
   what this bar owner is doing is latter day moral crusading . 
  or maybe he just wants to run his bar in an environment that suits him and that will attract like-minded individuals . 
  not every business decision that you disagree with is moral crusading . 
  fair point . 
  but let 's be real here ; that 's not what people in this comments section are getting angry about . 
  they 're horrified that any business owner would ban mobile devices from their premises . 
   i 've literally never been to a bar where cellphones are `` constantly going off '', 
  well i have . 
  many times in many different places . 
   i do n't see why people feel the need to police what people want to do in a bar, 
  because a business owner can run their establishment however their please within the confines of the law ? 
   and the bar owner should n't have to accommodate for your emotional shortcomings . 
  just like how the bar owner in the op is n't obliged to accommodate people who want to use their phones ? 
  i sorta conceded that point in my subsequent comment , but i disagree that he is imposing anything on anybody . 
  it 's a customer 's choice to frequent a bar , and by entering the premises they agree to abide by the rules established by the owner and the law . 
  as long as he has appropriate signage warning them of the phone policy , i fail to see the issue . 
  i love technology , and i 'd still frequent that pub if it was in my area . 
   wrongful death suite pending . '', 
  when a client enters an establishment , the agree to abide by the rules of the establishment within the confines of the law . 
  as long as the bar owner has appropriate levels of signage about his phone policy , he should be fine . 
   it 's right up there with college professors who ban laptops and insist you write in cursive , among other shit . 
  social meddlers who refuse to accept that other people have a pretty decent idea of how they like to live their lives and what solutions work best for them, 
  except you do n't really have a choice in what professors teach your course , whereas you do have a choice in what bar you frequent . 
  so not comparable at all . 
  a variety of bars across the ireland and the uk . 
   i do n't know if a business owner is entitled to purposefully block cell reception . 
  this may be illegal . 
  passively blocking reception via a faraday cage may be illegal in the us , but not in the uk . 
   my phone is always set to vibrate and i almost never use it did phone calls, 
  not everybody is as polite as you . 
   it is still shitty to force people this way . 
  for like the 50th time in this thread : you . 
  do n't . 
  that . 
  bar . 
   similarly i fail to see the issue with me ( or anyone else ) expressing disgust at the bar owner 's policy . 
  there is no issue - they are entitled to do so . 
  but there are many people in this thread acting like this one publican 's decision is being forced upon them . 
  i addressed your original comment already - i thought we 'd gone off on a slight tangent ? 
   lol, 
  please do n't . 
   but thats just it , why would you limit yourself by going to a place that is literally taking something you own and disabling it if you enter it , you can easily just go to another pub and still not use your phone . 
  i am getting really tired of making this point in this comments section : the problem is *** other people *** who are not polite about using their phone in the bar . 
   my whole thought process on this is that the only thing this is actually doing is limiting who goes to that pub . 
  targeting a niche audience by specialising is n't exactly a new business concept . 
   nonsense ; you can always just switch colleges . 
  ... that would be pretty damn expensive . 
   but i think we 're trying to figure out if the general public thinks it 's a reasonable position to have ; i contend it 's not . 
  whereas i contend that it is . 
   i will comment as i please within the rules of this subreddit . 
  as you are entitled to . 
  i merely submitted a request that you stop doing something that degrades the quality of the conversation . 
  continue if you so wish . 
  but he said that we 're * all * gon na make it , when most of us clearly wo n't . 
  does a fall in popularity not imply a decline ? 
   regardless i think this conversation has run its course . 
  have a nice day . 
  damn , we did n't have that level of freedom in my college . 
  checking one 's phone = / = incessant ringtones and full blown conversations . 
  but they do unless you have them on silent mode . 
  unfortunately many people either seem unaware of that mode or are too obnoxious to use it when in a bar . 
  yeah , i 'm getting that vibe from a lot of the comments here . 
  as another user explained above , that law does n't apply to the faraday cage mechanism . 
  i think some cinemas use a similar system . 
  the phone exacerbates the problem though . 
  you ca n't stop people from talking loudly , but you can sure as hell prevent them from talking loudly on their phones and setting off loud ringtones . 
  either way , i say good luck to the owner . 
  i 'd support his establishment if i could . 
  and ? 
  he 's entitled to run his bar as he sees fit and you can choose to boycott his bar if you disagree with his decisions . 
  that 's how a free market works . 
   ratemyproffesor, 
  extremely unreliable website . 
  far too many students with petty grudges and a sizable number of professors manipulating their own ratings . 
   you 're drunk in a * loud * bar . 
  i do n't go to shit bars . 
  not really . 
  as long as they 're clean and appropriate for their function , i see no point in giving much thought to one 's choice of clothing beyond that . 
  but why do you think it 's stupid for a business owner to exploit a potential market niche ? 
   i really like the way you 're moving the goalposts right now, 
  nope . 
  goalposts are firmly in place . 
  ratemyprofessor is a shit site and only an idiot would put any faith in it . 
  perfectly legal and above board in the uk from what i can see . 
  correction : you ca n't pick your professor because the tools at your disposal for doing so are shit . 
   you can pretend you have the intellectually superior position , but the evidence is all there . 
  i see no evidence . 
   defend your original statement if you 're so confident you did n't move the goalposts . 
  already did when replying to another user . 
  go seek it out if you 're that interested . 
   i would n't mind but dublin bus drivers are very well payed, 
  well so were the luas drivers , and look at how that panned out for that greedy shower of bastards .
