  nothing productive will come from arguing with the nationalistic morons who reside on that page . 
  it 's a pro-israel circlejerk , similar to how / r/ireland is a pro-palestine circlejerk ( thankfully things tend to be a tad less extreme here ) . 
  anon 's friend is the hero we all need . 
   it finally reached a point where i had to say something, 
  why ? 
  what would that achieve ? 
   they are a pack of self masturbating cunts . 
  are we really that different on / r/ireland though ? 
  there 's a time and a place for everything . 
  on the facebook page of an obviously biased embassy is not the place to be `` debating '' the war in gaza . 
  it achieves nothing . 
  one comment alone was -75 last time i checked . 
  i was -180 by the end of it all , despite the fact that i was around +200 before the thread . 
  man , that was fun . 
  i do n't like the effects the negative score have had since though . 
  on / r/ireland , if you go against the hivemind , * everything * you say is controversial . 
  well , they technically did - but religious/really old historical claims even in the early 20th century were n't taken too seriously by non-zionists . 
  that said , a lot of countries around the world were formed by one group of people forcibly taking land from another . 
  the jews just did n't have the clout to do it in the middle east until after the holocaust gained them widespread international support . 
  yeah , but she 's `` sticking to the israelis '' , so / r/ireland is obliged to praise and support her . 
  - a lot of our day-to-day food is so much higher in quality than that of even most other european nations . 
  milk , butter , meat , etc. 
  seem so inferior in many other nations , even if you exclude personal preference . 
  - we litter - a lot . 
  - irish tap water is generally fantastic . 
  the idea of being able to drink straight from the tap is a baffling concept to the locals in many countries i 've lived in . 
  - our tax system cripples our ability to have nice cars, 
  - our roads , railways and public transport are * really * shit compared to those in western europe . 
  - ireland is exceptionally green . 
  - our population density is damn low . 
  - irish rural internet is even more of joke than i previously thought it was . 
  - we really are friendly fuckers !, 
  true . 
  but for its size , / r/ireland is exceptionally brutal in terms of downvoting content it disagrees with . 
  i think you 'll find that throughout history they have been , and in many parts of the world they continue to be . 
  just because you say such does n't make it so . 
  regardless , the israelis also have a historical claim . 
  it 's not a particularly strong one , but it exists . 
  once you post something on the internet , you lose all control of it, 
  since when did this place become srs-lite ? 
   i wonder if your picture was taken off of facebook and used in a widespread `` i have herpes '' psa , if you 'd have the same feelings . 
  thing is , the person in the photo probably would have a legal case there . 
  once something is posted on the internet , you lose all control of it . 
  unless the facebook photos are monetized somehow , there 's nothing illegal about it . 
  look , i 'm not taking sides in this argument , but when you post something on the internet ( even on facebook ) you lose all control of it ? 
  this is one of the reasons i deleted my facebook account over a year ago . 
  to be fair , most people would n't like their internet history exposed for the opposite gender to see for a multitude of reasons . 
  the degradation of this place over the past year has been phenomenal . 
  on what grounds was he shadowbanned ? 
   without consent so a bunch of creepy dudes can objectify them . 
  once you post something on the internet , you relinquish all control over it . 
  it 's just a fact of the internet . 
   creepy assholes who whack off to pics posted without consent belong on a wide variety of lists , and one of them is the list of people who should not be allowed internet access . 
  not defending the guys who subbed to that place , but once you post something on the internet you relinquish all control over it . 
  well when they 're obviously not above it as the israeli embassy has shown , the best thing to do is not engage with them . 
  i do n't agree with the subreddit , but i stand by the fact that the subreddit was merely distributing freely available material from the internet . 
   would you be cool with this if your sister or your mother 's picture was posted there , for people to critique and cum all over ? 
  none of my family have facebook accounts and would n't be ones to post photos of themselves online anyway . 
  i do n't have a facebook account . 
  deleted it over a year ago . 
  i never uploaded photos of myself , but other people were tagging me in photos from parties and night out . 
  i wanted to stop that so i deleted the account ( i had other reasons too ) . 
  i 've since got my friends to delete all but a few of the pre-existing photos of myself that they had uploaded . 
   if i post photos from a company event on company project management software , should i expect my coworkers to repost them to reddit ? 
  probably not , but i would n't be massively surprised if it did happen . 
  this is the internet after all . 
  that said , it 's more likely to happen on a platform such as facebook . 
   these women may have been using every security feature they had to keep those photos safe, 
  very difficult on facebook . 
   the idea that merely sharing some photos with friends and family means that your photos become public property is pretty messed up . 
  but that 's the way the internet works . 
  you can no more stop that than turn back the tide . 
  now , if the photos were being stolen from a private dropbox folder for example , that would be a different matter entirely . 
   n argument can be made that this particular application still falls under fair use , tho , because the people posting the pictures on / r/supercreepydudes are n't financially gaining anything by reposting the pictures, 
  this is a point i made in another comment . 
  if they were monetizing the photos somehow , then they would quite likely get in legal trouble . 
  this is why people need to be made more aware of how to protect your internet privacy . 
  the majority of internet users are far too naive about the inherent risks in uploading anything to the internet . 
  nobody of course . 
  but you did ask how i would feel if it happened to me , and i responded by saying i 've taken precautions to try and prevent it happening . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  for knowing how the internet works ? 
  education is power . 
  well , the laws of most jurisdictions say that if you 're out in public , you have no inherent right to privacy . 
  like , a lot of tv/photography/social media could n't exist if that was n't the case . 
  as long as the media captured of you is n't monetized in some ways , it 's perfectly legal . 
  in an ideal world , but when we live on a planet where entire industries are based around capitalizing on people 's ignorance , that 's an unreasonable expectation . 
  well , it was relevant . 
  but you 're right , i did n't answer your question ; i do n't think any of the photos that were on my facebook account were sexually exploitable , but that fact aside , i would be upset if my photos were being used for untoward reasons , but it would serve as a valuable learning experience regarding securing my personal content . 
  well , what could i reasonably do about it ? 
  work myself up into a pointless angry frenzy ? 
  break the cameras of anybody i see on the beach ? 
  have my sister walk around completely covered up ? 
  had the majority of europeans lived in america for an extended period of time in the past ? 
  maybe , but that 's no reason to shut down a subreddit . 
  there are lots of subreddits i dislike the content of , but i 'm not going to try forcefully shut them down . 
   it 's not unreasonable to expect that at some point the person doing that might think ` hmm , this is actually a pretty big invasion of privacy . ', 
  i do n't consider facebook a private place . 
  if it was a private dropbox folder , then i 'd agree with you . 
  you ca n't * steal * something that no longer has an owner .
