  there 's no avoiding that issue . 
  nah , too much oversight of her activities as a spartan since she effectively works for oni . 
  also , despite what people here say , she has no real motive . 
  that 's not the point i was making . 
  she played a part in her own death , just like a driver who smashed into a wall due to reckless driving . 
   you might have a gay friend or child some day in the future . 
  do n't plan to have children and i already have gay friends - they 're not the type to give a shit how i vote . 
   you agree it 's self centred though ? 
  yep . 
  i 'm a selfish individual , just like most people in this world . 
  maybe a bit more than average , but not to an abnormal degree . 
   what are you sort of nihilist ? 
  not really , no . 
  you do realise that what you said does n't make any sense at all ? 
   i choose to ignore laws that , to me , seem morally wrong and that do n't affect others, 
  if everybody did that there would be chaos . 
   what laws do you think make no sense ? 
  eh , mainly some property and family law stuff i came across in my law modules at college . 
  also , the laws regarding self defense ( especially on your own property ) in ireland are bizarre , even despite recent changes . 
  okay , i realise now that democratic may not have been the most apt word to use there . 
  however , quotas subvert the selection process of election candidates within political parties , leading to the possibility the the better candidate is excluded because he does n't have a pair of ovaries . 
  this would lead to the electorate choosing from an inferior list of candidates which would ultimately result in a poorer quality of tds in the d\u00e1il . 
  gender quotas are a poorly designed policy that detrimentally affect the political system for the sake of appearing progressive . 
   so quotas can incentivize parties to try to find more and better female candidates . 
  it 's a blunt instrument that only treats the symtom not the cause , and creates significant collateral damage . 
   also , if memory serves , the quotas that we have are n't even 50 % quotas , but something closer to 30 % . 
  they should n't exist at all as far as i 'm concerned . 
  i imagine his schedule is very challenging actually . 
  most taoisigh age horribly in office for this reason , that 's why i said he was looking well all things considered . 
  well it is illegal ... 
  elaborate . 
  i do - although i can see how my comment may have been perceived as sarcastic . 
  eh , both sides . 
  everything must be discussed in absolutes , i see . 
  no they do n't . 
  they have every right to exercise their franchise as they see fit . 
  in terms of residing within the state , in a legal sense something is * wrong * if it is illegal . 
  morality is a separate issue . 
  nobody would deny that . 
  oh right , it was hard to tell . 
  / r/ireland really does have people who would seriously make such comments . 
  i do n't have issues with people , just what they say . 
  i 'm not above agreeing with people i 've disagreed with the in the past . 
  the link is from tumblr - misogyny is the root cause of * everything * over there . 
  you 'd think that , but never underestimate the idiocy of certain / r/ireland users . 
  drugs are n't ingrained in our culture like alcohol are . 
  drugs are n't a necessity in daily life like cars are . 
  drugs are n't an olympic sport like skiing is . 
  hence due to the risk associated with them ( regardless of its magnitude ) and their lack of importance/necessity to the vast majority of the populace , they are an easy target to make illegal . 
   especially when shit loads of people want it to be legal purely for their own recreational use . 
  and plenty of people want it to remain illegal too . 
  your point being ? 
  should we have a referendum ? 
   it 's a shitty/lazy approach by bungie . 
  sums up bungie 's attitude to a lot of things in the reach campaign . 
  you are severely misunderstanding oni 's motivations post-war . 
   why do n't you take drugs ? 
  is it because they 're illegal or because of a personal choice ? 
  both . 
  does n't make those people any less stupid . 
   yes they do . 
  if you ca n't criticize someone over their beliefs what can you criticize them for ? 
  if someone says dumb shit obviously you 're allowed to call them on it . 
  this should n't need to be said to you . 
  but it achieves nothing . 
   you 've made a lot of posts about how you do n't care either way about the result , it 's pretty obvious to anyone that you just do n't like gay people . 
  i do n't get why you would spend so much time talking shit about the yes side and debating people on the issue if you legitimately do n't care either way . 
  just say you 're against gay marriage . 
  you 're free to think whatever you want . 
  i have zero issues with gay people - i know it 's trite to say , but i have a couple of gay friends myself ( who respect my ambivalence to the referendum ) . 
  but due to the fact that i do n't care enough about the referendum to vote and / r/ireland 's `` you 're either with us or against us '' mentality , apparently i hate gay people . 
  can nobody just accept that my job gives me a lot of free time in front of a computer ? 
  yep , because to have an eventful youth you * have * to do stupid shit . 
  better than being deluded into thinking this girl 's death is somehow the fault of the government like some people in this thread . 
  actually , taking substances you ca n't verify the quality or effects of is pretty damn stupid from a purely objective standpoint . 
  well , you know what they say about making assumptions about people based on their online actions ... 
   how heavily influenced are you by the legality ? 
  if they were legal would you take drugs ? 
  most likely not . 
  i 've even more or less given up alcohol in recent years too . 
  but i do like to think of myself as a law-abiding citizen for the most part . 
  you called me nasty . 
  i implied that i was n't being nasty , i was just being realistic and not deluded . 
   then why should anyone bother saying anything ? 
  what is our exchange here going to achieve ? 
  how do you actually think that 's an argument worth making ? 
  this is the internet . 
  most of what is said here achieves absolutely nothing on a daily basis . 
   if you have a lot of free time in front of the computer go read about some stuff that actually interests you, 
  i do . 
  but i feel it appropriate to dip my toe in debates pertaining to my own country to keep in touch with current events . 
  that 's the main reason i 'm still subscribed to this subreddit . 
   you 're trying to claim you do n't care while you constantly thrash the yes side and defend the no side . 
  if you check my comment history , you 'll see that i 've never once defended something that the no side has said . 
  in fact , there have been a couple of instances where i was openly critical of them . 
   according to you it 's pointless to argue with the no people but yet you see no problem arguing with the yes side . 
  ah , but there 's the difference . 
  i do n't agree with what the no side believe but maintain that trying to change their beliefs is almost impossible . 
  whereas with the yes campaign , it 's their methods and treatment of people with opposing views that i dislike and have challenged on / r/ireland . 
  seriously , if you 're gon na accuse me of being a homophobe , at least do your research first .
