   most of our muslim population are actual functioning western citizens, 
  your flair suits you well . 
  ah , you changed your flair i see - a pity . 
  also , i 'm not american . 
  no point in debating a candidate who does n't have a hope of getting the nomination , i suppose . 
  all it would potentially do is turn that subset of sanders supporters who are willing to vote trump against him . 
  no better than the democratic ones to be fair . 
  listening to hillary speak about anything is painful . 
  it would be a mistake to consider trump unintelligent , that 's all i 'll say, 
  i guess you 're new around here , eh ? 
   you would have to be terminally stupid sanders supporter to think the nearest thing to his policies are to be found in donald trump . 
  well it surprised me too , but apparently such people exist in great enough numbers for it to be non-negligible . 
  i 'd rather watch drama than listen to hillary clinton lie through her teeth . 
   it would be a mistake to consider trump intelligent . 
  and why do you think that ? 
  are you one of the ignorant few that thinks he actually believes half the things he says to pander to his core demographic ? 
  trump ca n't be beaten in debate through traditional methods because it 's almost impossible to hold him to account for anything he says . 
   it 's trivially easy to find things republicans said during the debates which were clearly lies - pseudoscience about climate change being the most obvious, 
  i would never deny that . 
  but what i dislike more than lies are lies told by somebody who view themselves as being on some sort of moral high ground . 
  lies which are then lapped up by others who view themselves to occupy that same moral high ground while simultaneously claiming that everything that the republicans say are lies without any hint of irony/hypocrisy . 
  not from a country with a large muslim population either . 
  sounds like you 're grasping at straws . 
  sanders is a rather poor debater actually . 
  one tank has managed to commit suicide before we even encounter the enemy . 
  a russian kid is on mic with what appears to be a family reunion going on the background, 
  the enemy team has a platoon of motherlands . 
  man , the swedes really are getting desperate . 
  christ , women are physically incapable of humour . 
  got ta love modern social media . 
  bloody luas drivers !, 
  there sure seem to be a lot of overlapping battle groups in europe . 
  inb4 `` as an american i ca n't understand how anybody could live under a monarchy ... '', 
  they 're a bitch to deal with hull down though . 
  same for the type 59 . 
  that said , i 'd say some of my problems may be coming from the fact that i 've been grinding my pershing lately and the 90mm on that does n't have the best penetration . 
  it even struggles with the sides of a motherland at times . 
   h2 br is in h5, 
  only as a special req weapon . 
  it 's been widely replaced in service . 
  so , is there any indication yet that this campaign will tie in with the plot from titanfall 1 ? 
  nope , grinding towards that at the moment . 
  although according to the stats , the penetration on that is n't stellar either when compared to the other tier viii mediums . 
  strikes me as a tank that might have a high skill threshold . 
  modern monarchies largely do more good than harm . 
  look at the british one as a prime example . 
  aye , just the 50k run to go . 
  when is that starting ? 
  i did n't say anything to dispute any of what you just said . 
  you already get accused of being racist if you call them out on their bullshit , so that 's hardly surprising . 
  against what race exactly ? 
  the irish ? 
  not by any official definition i can find . 
  it 's called racism for a reason . 
  people like you are constantly trying to change the meaning of words to suit your agenda . 
   someone has a different meaning of a word and you automatically smell a conspiracy ? 
  yes . 
  it 's an unfortunate side-effect of spending too much time online . 
  that said , when the meaning that somebody is proposing is different to the official meaning , that 's an immediate red flag . 
   does that mean it is impossible for an english person to be racist against an irish person as we are both part of the same ( white ) race ? 
  there are distinct and ancient differences between the english and irish people which are significant enough for them both to be considered too separate races . 
  the differences that travellers claim to possess are a mere subset of irish culture and nothing more . 
  not living in a house does n't magically make you a different race to everybody else around you . 
   however , travellers have a very strong coherence to the defition whereas people from kerry would have an extremely weak one . 
  how so ? 
  from where i 'm standing the only difference between modern travellers and the rest of us is that they refuse to live in houses unless they are provided free of charge and meeting their exact specifications . 
  well , the only people who get left in the cold are the people who liked the armor customization element of halo . 
  admittedly we are small in number , but this was a major nitpick for me . 
   there are many differences between traveller lifestyle and a normal irish lifestyle . 
  ironically you 're actually very fond of pointing some of them out . 
  criminality and anti-social behaviour do n't make you a different race . 
  i 'm not familiar with that particular `` race '' . 
  great counter-argument . 
  dictionary definition . 
  not the agenda-fueled definitions of governments . 
   now you 're the one who is using a different definition . 
  using your definition , every nationality in europe would be its own race and there would be no ethnicity . 
  what do you consider an ethnic group ? 
  what i described falls within the official definitions of race . 
  look it up if you do n't believe me . 
   if having a separate culture , identity and even language does n't make you an ethnic group , than what does ? 
  those are among the criteria for a different ethnic group , but my entire argument is that the differences that travellers claim are n't distinct enough from irish traits to make them their own ethnic group . 
  people who are opposed to classifying travellers as their own ethnic group know exactly what a race and ethnic group are defined by . 
  we just do n't think travellers as a group meet those criteria . 
   do n't act ignorant . 
  being a traveller is something that comes with birth . 
  hence we have the phrase `` settled traveller '' which sounds contradictory , but makes sense if you view travellers as an ethnic group . 
  `` settled traveller '' is a redundant term anyway . 
  i was just imitating the type of terminology i 've seen americans use on this topic . 
  yes , but the unlocks are completely random . 
  if you want your armor to look a specific way you 're entirely dependent on what you get in those req packs . 
  most the time you do n't even get armor pieces when you open a pack anyway . 
  there is , but now it 's completely randomised whereas in the past you knew what you had to do to unlock specific pieces of armor which made getting your spartan looking the way you wanted him/her far more straightforward . 
  now it 's all down to chance . 
  still have no idea what that phrase means . 
  yes ? 
  ah , thank you . 
   grass isnt transparent anymore, 
  jesus , that would be problematic . 
  thanks for the tip .
