  and when someone comes back with a reasonable point , you either insult them or ignore them . 
  i 've made plenty of legitimate points when this post was younger . 
  nice selective memory you have there . 
   neckbeards, 
  never once even referenced them . 
   you 're all talk buddy . 
  er , as opposed to anybody else on this subreddit ? 
  there 's no point in trying to change the opinions of somebody whose opinions ca n't be changed . 
  are you so dense that you ca n't even understand that ? 
  well there are two sides to every coin , are n't there ? 
   and it 's funny how one minute you 're only too happy to bash peoples opinion , only to go quite when your own is overturned . 
   overturned, 
  yeah , sure ... 
  anyway , at the risk of you thinking i 've been `` beaten '' , i genuinely have somewhere to be right now . 
  of course , i 'm more than happy to pick this up where we left off when i return if you so wish . 
  damn , it does feel shorter !, 
  why do you care ? 
  since you answered my question with a question , i 'll answer your 's in kind . 
  why are you here ? 
  nobody here is interested in your defense of sjws , most likely because you are one yourself . 
   can you name a playable lesbian main character of any popular video game , or not ? 
  no , and i ca n't see why that 's relevant . 
  and now i 'm asking you why you bothered to ask it at all as i fail to see how it 's relevant . 
   you fucking shit-tard . 
  i do n't think mummy would approve of you using such language on the internet . 
   everyone 's mad about his review but the thing i noticed is that he is right about how rabid the community is to defend microtransactions . 
  *** thank you !, 
  *** i 've literally had people tell me that i 'm just plain wrong to be annoyed about the microtransactions . 
  and it 's not like i even oppose their existence ( they 're a sad reality of aaa gaming these days ) , it 's just that i hate aspects of how they and the req system in general have been implemented . 
  i 'm putting it largely down to / r/halo still being in its honeymoon period with halo 5 right now . 
  or at least i hope that 's the reason ... 
  things were so much simpler even back in reach . 
   theres nothing bad about halo 5 microtransactions . 
  am i genuinely reading this right ? 
  you 're either really young or really ignorant . 
  possibly both . 
  yes , mass effect 3 was one of the few games to ever do microtransactions right . 
  but halo 's req and microtransaction system is detrimental to the game in the eyes of fans such as myself . 
  as it should be . 
   implying 4chan has any control over nu-anonymous, 
  the `` movement '' was co-opted by tumblr-tier hackers ages ago . 
  i told people this would happen once the social justice crowd got enough computer science white knights on their side . 
  anonymous these days is frequently associated with combating racism for example . 
  does that sound like the anonymous of yore ? 
   yours is n't the only opinion that matters, 
  i never implied it was . 
   and not everyone that disagrees with you is `` young or ignorant . '', 
  many of us think that the current system works well . 
  of those where i 've been able to figure out their approximate age , most people that like the req system and the microtransactions are too young to know any better . 
  but that 's neither here nor there . 
   if you do n't see how the req system and the free dlc are connected i suppose you 're the one that is ignorant . 
  i understand perfectly how they 're connected . 
  however , what i do n't approve of is the idea of things like armor and emblems being locked behind the req system for the sole purpose of driving microtransactions . 
  there 's literally no other reason 343i would put something so integral to the modern halo multiplayer experience into a system that gives you no control over how you can customize your spartan . 
  all he said was that there is nothing bad about halo 5 microtransactions - how is that a fair point ? 
  regardless , suppose i 'm a player who likes getting my spartan 's armor just right ? 
  because armor has been locked behind the req system for the sole purpose of driving microtransactions , i have very little control over how i can customize my spartan ( not to mentioned that 343i seem to have simplified the armor to the point where customization is almost redundant ) . 
  i disagree . 
  in previous games i always had a degree of control and/or knowledge as to what armor i was going to acquire . 
  now it 's completely randomised , so even spending money does n't guarantee that i 'll get the armor i want . 
  why should fans such as myself be deprived of what i consider a core element of the halo multiplayer experience just so 343i can make a quick buck off people with more money than sense ? 
   they 're combating actual racism, 
  they 've been involved in sjw movements similar to that missouri university hysteria . 
  that 's a far cry from `` actual racism '' . 
  if you do n't think customising your armor and emblems has been a core element of the halo multiplayer experience since halo 3 , then i do n't know what to say to you . 
  and no , integrating armor and emblem unlocks into the already pointless req system ( seriously , what purpose does it serve ? 
  warzone could have worked perfectly with its own internal unlock system ) is most definitely unfair when previous games granted us some degree of control over what we unlocked . 
   the req system and micro transactions is what is getting you free dlc . 
  just because it lets us get free dlc does n't mean that the req/microtransaction system * itself * is actually good . 
   i just do n't get where all the ol halo fans are ? 
  the ones that grew up with splitscreen and without microtransactions . 
  well they 're clearly not on / r/halo . 
  i wonder why i 'm even still here . 
  i clearly do n't hold the same values as the new age fans when it comes to halo . 
   microstransactions fund free maps, 
  and ? 
  the end result may be a positive , but that does n't mean that the microtransaction system * itself * is good . 
  that 's what i feel a lot of people here are overlooking . 
   i mean its cool and all but this game gives plenty of options and a lot more than others in terms of armors/helmets . 
  actually we have less customization options than we had in both halo 4 and reach . 
  everything except the helmet is just one unit now . 
   as for the system itself i think its fine . 
  is it the best thing ever , no . 
  but its fair to people who want to unload mounds of money and to people who dont want to spend any extra money . 
  look , i know it sounds like i 'm coming down hard on the req system . 
  and i am - but only because it 's actually something i could have gotten behind if only they had n't locked armor and emblems behind it . 
  you 're talking to the guy who recorded all the halo reach cutscenes and made individual shots into pc wallpapers simply because i loved my reach armor so much . 
  i 'm having a mature conversation with plenty of other people in this thread . 
  problem is , you just made a blanket statement like this :, 
   theres nothing bad about halo 5 microtransactions . 
  do n't complain if you do n't get mature responses when you do n't even back up your own statements . 
  now now , politeness costs nothing . 
  no need for such aggression . 
  i 'm sure you 'll get your lesbian video game someday . 
  something that was previously based on skill or experience is now based on chance . 
  how is that an improvement ? 
   but now there 's more diverse armors , not armors that look the same like in 4 . 
  i like this more . 
  other than the helmets , they all look pretty samey to me . 
   i get that you love customization ( so do i ) , but i really like the new random unlocks .
