  that 's going to be * interesting * to say the least . 
  was the second one not grounded though ? 
   you see how far back we are and going in the wrong direction . 
  is that not dependent on your moral view of prostitution in the first place ? 
  ... that 's not healthy . 
  you might want to consult a doctor . 
  not to be sexist , but are you female by any chance ? 
  i oppose legalised prostitution in that it 's completely unnecessary and a blight on any civil society . 
  and the fact that some women might consider it a career choice ( apart from the ones forced into it of course ) is just baffling to me . 
   i think it could have used some better track syncing though . 
  unless people were just singing at different tempos there were plenty of sections where it just sounded like they were n't synced up properly . 
  that 's a running theme of '' / a / sings '' tracks . 
  keit ai finds a way . 
   if you believe that then , surely does n't it also follow that illegal prostitution is also `` completely unnecessary and a blight on any civil society . 
  '' , except that it 's even more of a blight . 
  that should go without saying . 
  but just because one thing is worse than another , does n't mean i have to approve of the less of the two evils . 
   men are prostitutes too, 
  yes , of course . 
  forgive my omission of them - force of habit as any discussion about prostitution almost always seems to revolve around the female victims . 
  dou kangaete mo watashi wa warukunai is still their high water mark as far as i 'm concerned . 
  decent mixing , a few rather talented singers , yet still incredibly funny to listen to . 
  but going to the toilet 6 times during a 8-9 hour working day does n't sound normal at all . 
   it does n't matter whether you think it 's normal or not ... 
  i know it does n't . 
  but with the exception of a couple of female work colleagues , i do n't know anybody who goes to the bathroom that often on a daily basis . 
  personally if i had to use the bathroom more than 3 times a day i 'd consider it odd and would be thinking that my digestive system is acting up . 
  as i referred to in another comment , what i said applies to them too . 
  it 's just that the vast majority of dialogue on prostitution tends to revolve around female prostitutes . 
  i never said that i * actively * oppose it - it 's not like i 'm gon na be out on the streets protesting about it . 
  it 's just a viewpoint based on my own morals . 
  that 's rather narrow minded of you . 
  because ideally i 'd prefer if neither existed nor were necessary . 
  prostitution just strikes me as degrading for all involved , regardless of it 's legality . 
  but i know we do n't live in an ideal world , and i would n't throw a tantrum if prostitution was given legal protection . 
  at least it would be better than those bullshit laws whereby only the person who buys sex can be prosecuted . 
  but that 's only because / ak / took it on as a personal mission ( and it was less than 2 days before the subs were out ) . 
  those guys are crazy dedicated . 
  i would n't hold your breath . 
  the group that subbed the gup movie will have zero interest in subbing kizu . 
  i hope they ask us to burn our pants . 
  these things are killing me . 
   nationality is a spook, 
  t. somebody with a shit nationality . 
  it 's about as much of an argument as you made , friendo . 
  y ` see , you * heavily * paraphrased that quotation to the extent that i did n't recognise it as an argument . 
  reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  this gon na be good . 
   also , just fyi , / leftypol / is not / liberalpol / . 
  / leftypol / hates sjws about as much as standard / pol / ( although for different reasons , obviously ) . 
  tell me more . 
  i - what ? 
  it 's not our problem though . 
  we were n't even one of the countries involved in destabilizing the region . 
  you do realise that a lot of the people opposing this refugee/migrant acceptance are regulars in / r/ireland ? 
  why are you so keen to blame the existence of views that do n't agree with your own on an extremist subreddit ? 
  `` everybody who disagrees with me is a racist '' . 
  people like you are part of the reason the situation in europe is as bad as it is now . 
   why do n't you ban these obvious brigaders ? 
  i imagine you have to provide proof of brigading first ... 
   we have vast numbers of houses vacant, 
  have you been living under a rock ? 
  lot or realism too in light of recent events in europe . 
  the epitome or american laziness is their almost universal insistence on using the word `` veggies '' because the word `` vegetables '' is just clearly a few syllables too long for their corn syrup-addled minds to master . 
   brits say `` veg '' , australians say `` veggies '' . 
  the brits who say `` veg '' are less widespread than the americans who say `` veggies '' . 
  nearly every american online says `` veggies '' and all but a handful of americans i 've met in real life say it too . 
  on a personal level , i just find it to be one of those words that 's inherently irritating . 
  `` veg '' is n't great either in that regard , but at least it 's a simple shortening of the word `` vegetables '' . 
  `` veggies '' is the sort of word you would use if you were trying to get your 2 year old son to eat his dinner . 
  it 's infantile . 
  ** edit : ** triggered burgers everywhere . 
  well , yes , it 's anecdotal . 
  i never claimed otherwise . 
  the word annoys * me * so of course my evidence is gon na be subjective . 
   it seems like we need another round of photos of dead kids washing up on the shore for people to remember the importance of helping refugees . 
  so you want to guilt people into agreeing with you ? 
  i do n't think that 's gon na work this time around given what 's been happening in europe as of late . 
   given our history i 'd expect us to understand that a small section of terrorists does n't represent the majority . 
  the situations are hardly comparable . 
  radical islam adds a completely new , more dangerous element to the mix . 
  i do n't dislike americans - i just dislike some of the words they use . 
  and that way that they often seem detached from reality when giving witness interviews on news broadcasts . 
  that really rustles my jimmies . 
  but surely `` veg '' would be even more efficient and not make you sound like a child ? 
   the vast majority of refugees are normal people who want to keep their families safe, 
  but the problem is that the majority of people being classified as refugees are in fact economic migrants . 
  of course there are plenty of legitimate refugees in their midst , but if you watch the footage of the streams of people flowing up through the balkans ( the footage that has n't cherry-picked the images of women and children for news broadcasts , that is ) you will see that the majority of them are young , fit men looking for economic opportunities . 
  and a lot of them are n't even from syria * or * iraq . 
   a lot of what has happened in europe lately is n't related to terrorism . 
  for example the mass shooting in germany , the blame for that can be attributed to the media for their macabre glorification of these type of attacks . 
  the racial tensions in france date back to long before the current war on terror began . 
  the film la haine raised these issues back in 1995 . 
  the increasing frequency and deadliness of terrorist attacks in europe can be directly correlated with the increase of multiculturalism on the continent in recent decades - something which the current waves of migration only exacerbates . 
  i 'm not opposed to multiculturalism wholesale , but an open borders policy clearly is n't working in the favour of europe . 
   our history with terrorism is definitely comparable . 
  i 'm of a age where i 'm young enough to have only caught the tail end of the troubles , but it 's not hard to find someone who was treated with suspicion simply because they were irish . 
  there are base similarities , but i maintain that it 's not comparable because , for one thing , the nature of the terrorism at play is completely different . 
  we 're talking about religious fanatics willing to hit soft targets without warning with the full knowledge that they too will die ( in fact they welcome it ) . 
  this is n't political terrorism with a defined goal - this is a holy war on the civilians of the west .
