  prioritise the international agreement every time . 
  we need the japanese on our side . 
  because i ca n't imagine very many people would like what op posted and frankly it 's a tad unnerving . 
  lack of demand ? 
  but that would mean no t & a on / r/anime . 
   sensible fire arms . 
   sensible, 
  do n't really need them in europe , that 's why . 
   the u.k. , a country where it 's literally illegal to film your girlfriend sitting on your face . 
  good to see the uk taking a long overdue tough stance on feminism . 
  / r/4chan will not take this well . 
   implying the us government is n't a serial rapist, 
  how so ? 
   american empire, 
  no country can claim to have an empire in the traditional sense of the word in this day and age . 
  america missed its chance to have a proper empire . 
   i do n't know how anyone can max rank , but i know it 's possible . 
  it depends heavily on the game-type you play the most , whether you play with friends , and if you 're able to adapt your playstyle to a form that lends itself to gaining the points required for battlemarks in that particular game-type . 
  that 's my experience anyway . 
  well , i do n't see any hentai being posted ... 
  there 's always somebody bitching any time some fanservice/nudity is posted . 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  well , you 're missing out on some great shows in that case . 
  are you so sexually repressed that you ca n't handle a bit of nudity in the tv you watch ? 
  oh right . 
  it still baffles me how well frozen did in japan . 
  that 's a lie and you know it . 
  i just was n't aware modern disney movies were that popular in japan . 
  anon did the right thing though . 
  yeah , but they 're hardly deemed to be acceptable members of society either . 
  related question : was it only the later models of the b-36 that had the 4 jet engines ? 
  more generalizations - i can tell you 're not the sharpest tack in the box . 
  add to that a superiority complex too . 
  ah , interesting . 
  seems like a bit of an odd solution to such a problem though . 
  what version of the b-36 were they first added to , do you know ? 
  things that are closer to the camera are meant to be bigger , especially when the two objects are meant to be roughly the same size !, 
  this photo does n't make any sense . 
  right you are . 
  on an unrelated note , i somewhat lament the fact that the tower of the borei class is towards the front of the sub . 
  i prefer the rear-ward positioning of the typhoon-class tower - it makes them look more imposing somehow . 
  that 's a fucking lie , and i 'm not even a brtifag . 
   yeah i 'm sorry but * half of the people in this sub * get off to images of children . 
  there 's no disputing that since * half of the posts here are depicting children . 
  generalisations , * again * . 
   also , if you head on over to / r/anime [ 1 ] right now , there are 3 nsfw posts right there on the front page just from the past 24 hours . 
  and ? 
  nsfw content is fairly common in anime . 
  well , at least the bombs ended up in the ocean , right ? 
  was the b-36 infamous for reliability issues ? 
  was the introduction of the b-52 the sole reason for its short service life ? 
  i dunno how you manage to be an anime fan if you ca n't tolerate sexual elements . 
  i really miss the look of the dual boom/tail layout . 
  i wish it was still somehow relevant to modern plan design . 
  wait , was all the crew not accounted for ? 
  and they never located the bombs afterwards ? 
  i 'd hardly consider myself proponent of such content ( not an opponent either though ) , but it does n't bother me on the level it seems to bother you . 
  i just accept it as a part of modern anime , and work around it when it gets intolerable . 
  i do n't come to anime subreddits and bitch about sexual content in anime in the comments sections of posts specifically dedicated to looking at and enjoying said content . 
  and i certainly do n't belittle and act superior towards those who thoroughly enjoy sexual content in their anime . 
  anybody got a link to an article about the plans for the uk 's fleet carriers ? 
  i do n't know much on the topic . 
  i thought with the experience gained during ww2 , piston engine design would have been almost perfected by the time the b-36 was being introduced . 
  i think you 'll find there 's plenty of people who do . 
  especially those who grew up with just the terrestrial channels at home . 
  that makes a lot of sense . 
  christ , i 'm learning a lot about the b-36 in this thread . 
  it was never a plane i knew much about , with the exception of the nb-36h with the nuclear reactor on board . 
  has n't shown any sign of happening yet . 
  if anything , riots and burning things down seems to be more of an issue in america lately . 
  i think they would have needed more than a strike team if there had been a bomb on board the plane when it crashed . 
  dealing with one of those , even if unarmed , is a delicate operation . 
  huh ? 
  only incident in recent years . 
  america had more in the past couple of months alone . 
  get your shit together , america . 
   i do n't know man , this has happened before with me , but the textures looked incomplete or ` soft ' with only the color in it and with little polygon count . 
  yeah , that 's pretty much what 's happening to me too . 
  it can be quite distracting if i 'm honest . 
  but yes , i ca n't fault the fps . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  you are seriously rectally irritated , m8 . 
  calm down . 
  okay , it 's just a troll , guys . 
  nothing to see here . 
  would the bronies not be the jews in that metaphor ? 
  okay , i 'm gon na risk baiting a troll even further , just to ask you why are you so angry with me ? 
  i grew up not knowing the english channel 4 existed , so tg4 was channel 4 in the same way that rte 2 was channel 2 . 
  it 's the only explanation i can think of . 
  that ... that comment is just so retarded i do n't even know where to begin picking it apart . 
  what the fuck is this shit ? 
  people are overestimating how many students will bother voting beyond the activist types . 
  logistical nightmare too . 
  hey , some of us have a lot of time on our hands during time off from work . 
  i know * that * - i 'm essentially fluent in it . 
  but what 's the point of this post ? 
  salad cat , salad cat, 
  please do n't vomit on the mat, 
  eating vegetables and avoiding meat, 
  makes a diet that is incomplete,
