  the hoops legal streamers jump through help keep the anime industry afloat for people who just want the convenience of torrents and such . 
  most users will openly admit that / r/ireland has a very pervasive hivemind . 
  that 's a pretty huge leap in assumptions to make . 
   plus , everyone does it , why hide it ? 
  speak for yourself . 
  makes me glad that my roommate is as autistic as i am . 
  there is a better chance of the apartment burning to the ground than a woman ever stepping inside it . 
  this sure does n't feel like a / r/4chan thread . 
  yeah , and it 's a very strange board - by 4chan standards . 
  you sure ? 
  i 'll give social services a ring in the morning . 
   the first thing the eu should be considering is how to halt the flow of refugees across the mediterranean without causing more death . 
  build a big wall ? 
   but the concept that somehow protecting our economies is more important than protecting the lives of fellow human beings is repugnant to me . 
  yeah , well , the world we live ai n't ideal . 
  you do n't find them entertaining ? 
  like being at a zoo ? 
  unfortunately . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i fail to see how . 
  be right back , going to mcdonalds . 
  anime girls can be applied to every situation or thing without exception, 
  i think i 've saved both transports maybe twice in about 8 playthroughs . 
  goddamn that mission !, 
  it could be both . 
  donegal will still vote no - just like they always do . 
   turnout will be high, 
  i 'm not seeing anything to suggest that . 
  i dunno , if calling people bigots and harassing them on social media counts as bullying , i 've seen quite a few members of the no campaign bullied in the last couple of months . 
  to be fair , until about 6 months ago , i had no idea gay people could adopt in ireland . 
  i 'm quite sure i was n't the only one under that impression . 
   they 've been better in debates, 
  is the yes campaign so bad that they 're beaten in debates by people with almost no concrete arguments to fall back on ? 
  it wo n't as strongly endorse it as before - that 's all though . 
  ca n't wait until it 's all over . 
  biggest blight on irish media since the water debacle . 
  my man . 
  the innies are ignorant , ungrateful twats and you 'd have to do some serious mental gymnastics in order to support them . 
   jorge-052 even felt sympathy for the idea of colonial independence . 
  ueg funded those colonies though ( most of them anyway , at least a few were privately funded ) . 
  why should they relinquish control ? 
  i agree that lending the colonies a decent degree of autonomy is fair ( which a lot of them already have ) , but independence is going too far . 
   while the insurrectionists resorted to terrorist-style tactics , many are reminiscent of guerrilla warfare used by the americans in the revolutionary war . 
  on civilian targets . 
   the ueg has the airs of a partially fascist , somewhat dictatorial grip over its colonies, 
  fascist might be a bit of a stretch , but some authoritarian policies are required to maintain control over a federation that spans a significant chunk of the galaxy . 
  otherwise it would be chaos ; civil war , interplanetary war , ungoverned areas etc. 
   it did when the unsc was building multiple fleets at a time . 
  as well , allocation of various resources to build the ship was more difficult because of the war , the doom of various production centers , and the fact that the ship itself was being built in secret . 
  wartime would give the unsc priority in requisitioning materials for ship construction and other armament manufacturing . 
  they might not have the same privileges during peace time . 
  she 'll be invisible and travel through time to stop the covenant on harvest before the war goes any further . 
  you do realise that humanity can still get its ass handed to them even with infinity ? 
  a single , small scale glassing beam almost took the entire ship offline and tore a hole right through her middle . 
  you 're vastly overstating how invincible the infinity is . 
  almost happened in the escalation comics already . 
   lack any huragok and resources to maintain their fleets . 
  how did they lose them all ? 
  the natural order is restored . 
   for the huragok it 's never really explained . 
  it was largely just an excuse used by karen traviss to depower the covenant remnants . 
  traviss !, 
   have you seen any being verbally abused on the street, 
  just last week some water protesters in cork got verbally abused just because people * thought * they were no campaigners . 
  not if they were mistaking them for no campaigners ( or was that joke ? ), 
  would you like an all expenses paid trip to the midnight facility , citizen ? 
   just because we did n't toe the government line in those referendums does n't mean we did n't engage with the issues at hand and make an informed decision and vote no for the sake of voting no . 
  i really think you can only speak for yourself and those you know directly with regard to something like that . 
  the threat of extinction tends to - at least temporarily - heal any internal conflicts amongst the threatened species . 
  the older models looked so much better in my opinion . 
  they had nice lines and were somewhat graceful . 
  the new one looks like a winged brick with two boils protruding from it . 
  but personal preference aside , separating the cockpit like that provides no real advantages over the unified cockpit . 
  if it was a space hind it would look cool and intimidating . 
  but it just looks fat and ungainly . 
   would you argue that the united states had no right to rebel against the crown since the british had founded the colonies ? 
  eh , i 'd rather not answer that on a subreddit filled primarily with americans ( i assume ) . 
  that said , i support greater autonomy of colonies , but the organisation that foots the bill of getting people to an uninhabited planet and setting up the colony itself should retain a certain degree of control over its investment . 
  it 's just good business . 
  you 'd think that by the 2550 's they would n't need glass canopies anyway . 
  if they 're going to continue using them , at least prioritise form over function and stick a bunch of cameras on the sides . 
  the halo reach pelican was my favourite dropship from any sci-fi series . 
   would you like me to list every instance the united states ( which was founded from a rebel government ) used tactics that killed civilians ? 
  to be fair though , the american government only authorised the actual use of nukes twice , and that was to end a conventional war . 
  that 's not exactly comparable to the insurrectionist situation . 
   remember when the insurrectionists kidnapped children , performed illegal experimentation on them , brainwashed them , and forced them into a life of servitude to the military ? 
  no , because they did n't have the funding or resources . 
  saying the innies would n't want spartans of their own is to be facetious . 
   wish this had been reported outside of the context of the marriage equality debate though . 
  it 's not really though . 
  if the egg-throwing was perpetuated because of the campaign the girl was participating in , it is relevant to the debate . 
   the insurrection began protesting peacefully , but after little progress , immediately went to terrorism . 
  and that does n't strike you as a case of `` boy , that escalated quickly '' ? 
   and the united states never murdered their own people, 
  i 'm no conspiracy theorist , but i do n't think that 's quite true . 
  the cia got away with all kinds of shit during the cold war for instance . 
   rebellion and the american revolution are n't very synonymous . 
  every country thinks that * their * rebellion is `` special '' . 
   it does , that 's why i brought it up . 
  the rate at which the insurrection escalated was unwarranted .
