   liking valentine, 
  anon did nothing wrong though . 
  i 'm not complaining - it does n't bother me enough to warrant complaining . 
  it 's just an observation . 
  that anon also appears to have a very liberal definition of the word `` violently '' . 
  it 's a fucking lot of money that could be better spent elsewhere . 
  and ? 
  i really do n't like this idea of digging through people 's posting histories . 
  can we not just judge each post by its subject matter ? 
  if you dig deep enough , the majority of people who post in / r/ireland have an agenda , so it all balances out of you ask me . 
   please , tell me , what should sweden be spending it on instead ? 
  sweden can spend it 's money on whatever the fuck it wants . 
  i just care about what our government spends the taxpayers ' money on . 
  i 'm afraid you might be colour-blind , friendo . 
   the chap wants to get rid of trident, 
  the uk will only get rid of trident when it can no longer afford it - as is the way things go in the british military since the end of ww2 . 
  but that 's not gon na be any time soon . 
  yes , but europe and asia have been largely post-industrial for decades now whereas most of africa is still pre-industrial . 
  yes , but they perfected it . 
   going to dublin, 
  well there 's your first mistake . 
  maybe you should go back to facebook then . 
   white irish girl, 
   using / pol /, 
  it was probably some lad just trying to stir shit . 
  you 're visually disabled . 
   i think its more so just a urge for some british elite to have their own big red button and still have a presence in the military world . 
  that 's also been french military doctrine since their defeat in ww2 . 
  it 's common amongst european powers . 
  the swiss have always had their shit together long before their admittedly delayed industrialisation . 
  read up on how they handled ww2 if you want an idea . 
  well , july 18th is d-day for the decision on whether to order the new ssbns that would carry the missiles . 
  if it gets the go-ahead , that 's pretty much a guarantee that trident is here to stay for the foreseeable future . 
   ehh i like amy schumer, 
  you 're too soft for this land . 
  you will have very few choices if you intend on moving somewhere with a higher quality of living than ireland . 
   as foreign i find the quality of life pretty low . 
  quality of life can be measured by a variety of metrics ( e.g. 
  hdi , gpr , gdp per capita , etc. ), 
  which mean you do n't have to have lived in a country to get a decent idea of whether there is a low or high quality of life there . 
  ireland tends to rank highly in almost of all of these metrics . 
  where are you from that you find the quality of life low here ? 
  what do you measure quality of life by ? 
   i think our climate is one of the main reasons why lots of irish people tend to have negative mindsets . 
  far better than being unbearably optimistic and upbeat like americans tend to be . 
  i think our cynicism serves us well . 
   as for quality of life , that 's somewhat relative, 
  not really . 
  general quality of life can be defined by some concrete metrics . 
  it 's your own personal ~ ~ circumstances/choices ~ ~ preferences that may well be negatively affecting your quality of life . 
   polls are bullshit . 
  standard of life stats are n't based on polls . 
  well , the list of countries with a statistically higher quality of life than ireland is pretty short . 
  shocking to imagine that this sorta stuff is still happening on our island . 
  it 's the kind of bullshit that you 'd expect from the middle east or africa , but not anywhere in europe . 
  what 's the issue ? 
  class a relics are very rare . 
  that 'd be bringing people back to life , time travel , cloning dinosaurs . 
   preferences would be the objective word you failed to find , could n't pass up a cheap dig to find it . 
  yes , that would actually have been a better word . 
  i genuinely was n't trying to get a dig in . 
  i 'm a bit hung over . 
   i know plenty who have emigrated who enjoy their new lives and careers , which they 'd never have here , and you think that must be fantasy on their part then ? 
  as you said , that would come down to their preferences . 
  but it has nothing to do with the national quality of life in ireland . 
   that it could only be their `` fault '' that they 've better lives elsewhere than here ? 
  go on and tell me more about my personal life and choices , of which you 're so informed / s. 
  no need to be so combative . 
  it 's also an accurate life . 
  the brexit is a result of people not heeding statistics . 
   were not racist, 
   we just do n't like niggas, 
  they were n't racist in the past but they are racist now ? 
   that 's nothing to do with what we 're talking about, 
  you were advocating ignoring statistics , so i think it 's pretty damn relevant because it 's a prime example of what mishaps ignoring statistics can result in . 
   gross simplification, 
  simplified , yes . 
  but not so much that it invalidates what i said . 
   define what an `` accurate '' life is ? 
  sounds like gibberish . 
  exactly what it says on the tin . 
  being informed by statistics is the best way of ensuring accurate decision-making . 
   why is people so retarded ? 
  why is it a shame ? 
   the fact is there 's plenty not to like about ireland and denying that is part of the problem . 
  i 've never once denied that ireland has a rake of problems . 
  i bitch about them as much as anybody . 
  but few of the issues are significant enough to lower the overall quality of life in the country . 
  i genuinely do think you 're misunderstanding what `` quality of life '' actually means when comparing countries . 
   this place is not head and shoulders above most western nations by a long shot . 
  but statistically this point does n't stand . 
  we 're even in the upper half of the quality of life rankings within the eu . 
  that should speak for itself . 
   higher wages , better services , more accountability , better weather , more amenities and activities , less nepotism ( we 're shockingly bad for this ), 
  as i 've said already , with the exception of nepotism , there are a few countries that will be superior to ireland on all those criteria . 
   i ca n't remember the last time i met someone and we did n't end up knowing a person or people in common . 
  huh , i actually like that aspect of the country . 
  and / pol / is always right . 
   what about climate ? 
  have you ever experienced 10 days in a row without rain ?
