  that , / r/me _ irl , and a couple of others . 
  both subreddits will ban you on the spot if you make a comment that the mods do n't like . 
  i do n't think we 'd care enough for you to get banned . 
  in fact , i for one am not quite sure what you 're trying to achieve with this post . 
   i 've been in china for the last . . 10 fucking years . . how about you just admit that ireland is fucking racist and stop making excuses ? 
  i think the people living in ireland are a better judge of whether the country is racist than some expat living in china . 
  looks like he edited the comment . 
  good thing you caught what the scumbag actually said though . 
   how ? 
  it 's literally just people passing through , getting something that bothers them off their chest then leaving . 
  it hardly has a consistent userbase at all . 
  the mods are the problem , as i 've said below . 
  similar issue but at a more advanced stage over in / r/me _ irl, 
  calm yourself - it 's only the internet . 
  well , enjoy having no free time then as you battle every shitposter you encounter . 
   / r/me _ irl is just a glorious shitposting hellhole where the mods ban you because fuck you thats why, 
  that was n't always how it was . 
   i do think you are a bit obsessed with these things tbh . 
  its all you ever seem to talk about . 
  well , that accusation certainly came out of nowhere ... 
   impossible , i have white friends, 
  er , is n't that basically the exact same excuse that many white racists use when accused of being racist ? 
  to be fair , almost every non-chinese country in east-asia hates china and chinese people for one historical reason or another . 
   not their problem if you 're a horrible person . 
  well , whether they 're a horrible person in that scenario is surely subjective , no ? 
  no it 's not . 
  i got banned from there a few months ago for admitting that i was n't a communist . 
   well , it is all you seem to talk about . 
  i mean , these topics are the only time you ever voice a semi-opinion . 
  you 're so timidly annoying . 
  wow , you obviously do not spend enough time around here if you 're making those sort of accusations about me , because that 's not really the sort of antics i usually get accused of on / r/ireland . 
  also , what does timidly annoying even mean ? 
  ( a ) that 's not true , and ( b ) it does n't detract from my `` jab '' at all because i 'm not the one going around accusing every shitposter i see of racism . 
  i 've better things to do - like shitpost . 
  it really is n't . 
  all the mods are legit socialists/communists/sjws . 
  my mantra is that as long as it does n't actively hurt somebody , it 's just shitposting . 
  like , who really suffers from / pol / being / pol / for example ? 
   well i think a lot of people potentially suffer from / pol / being / pol / . 
  such as ? 
   without forums to discuss them in , those hideous ideologies have a much harder time getting their message out, 
  what 's the alternative ? 
  banning the discussion of topics you do n't like ? 
  where do you draw the line ? 
   like how many teenagers do you think start off laughing at camel-fucker jokes and then never grow out of racist beliefs because they never had to leave their internet safe-space ? 
  do n't know , and frankly do n't care because other than policing what people are entitled to discuss online , there 's nothing that can be done about it . 
   such as all the people who are harmed by the existence of racist beliefs in the world ? 
  but do we blame the people or the source of their ideas ? 
   there is something that can be done . 
  condemnation, 
  that will never work on the likes of / pol / . 
  i 'd wager that doing so actually makes them more steadfast in their beliefs . 
   people seem to think that you either have to shut up or ban , but the third way is to say `` no i 'm not asking you to ban it , but i think that it 's evil and wrong '', 
  yeah , * definitely * wo n't work . 
   it is not ok for them to be doing that , it 's just that we ca n't ban them from the internet . 
  how do you condemn people on the likes of / pol / when the entire board is * dedicated * to the specific themes of discussion that you disagree with ? 
   that 's not to say we actually should n't ban them . 
  you can make the argument that since what they say is both objectively wrong and harmful then their forum for saying it should be removed, 
  who gets to decide what is `` objectively '' wrong though ? 
   if the response is `` it 's evil , it should n't be done , but i 'm not going to ask for it to banned '' , then you have an open set of actions available to you . 
  banning a popular forum/theme of discussion because you think it 's `` evil '' does n't sit well with me if i 'm honest . 
  sure , / pol / has more than its fair share of racists . 
  but in my limited experience with the board , it 's also full of relatively moderate conservatives who feel alienated on most mainstream websites due to left-wing dominance . 
   you ca n't be serious , `` jews rule the world '' is no more true than `` my kettle boils at 200 c '' or `` the sun will rise over dublin at 2pm tomorrow '' . 
  that 's not my point . 
  you 're obviously advocating that certain topics of discussion should n't be permitted - this clearly does n't just apply to / pol / and their ilk . 
  down the line , when the lines are n't as clear in the sand , who gets the decide ? 
   silencing some kinds of speech without necessarily banning them is to some extent a necessity of social living, 
  but my entire point from the start has been that such action does n't work on the internet . 
   similarly , it seems to me perfectly ethical to try , as an independent agent , not a politician , to go down to the far-right protesters and shout louder than them to stop their message from being heard . 
  knock yourself out . 
  better dead than red . 
  so many words , but not a cohesive point among them . 
   4chan is now a bunch of people pretending to hold fringe right wing beliefs in an effort to annoy people who will elicit the most intense reaction and who are prevalent on the internet and who will inevitably encounter 4chan 's users with regularity . 
   pretending, 
  never been to / pol / or / int / , eh ? 
  only left wing people have a conscience ? 
  what 's wrong with what i said ? 
  i actually have no idea why i was downvoted . 
  why do irish people do anything on any subreddit that is n't / r/ireland ? 
  i 'm afraid i do n't have the answer to either of those questions . 
  but all i 'm saying that it 's not unusual for redditors to be present in subreddits that do n't * directly * correspond with their interests . 
  i know you 're being facetious , but it 's not like i 've ever even visited / r/the _ donald . 
  nor am i saying anything that defends the subreddit . 
  so forgive me if i do n't see the pattern that you 're referring to . 
  it was a rhetorical question - that much should have been obvious . 
  i just do n't see why op was questioning the presence of irish redditors in other subreddits . 
  the 10 second mw clip at the end of the trailer excited me more than the preceding 3 minutes of footage . 
  and i 'll be honest ; for a brief second i thought captain price was going to be in infinite warfare ( even though i 'm well aware that would be impossible ) . 
  yep , looks like the [ insurrection ] ( http://www.halopedia.org/insurrection ) to me . 
  `` super warfare '' `` mega warfare '' `` magic warfare '' `` easy-bake warfare '', 
  the captain price in cod 1 and the mw series are two different people . 
  rumoured to be related , but that 's it . 
  the captain price i was referring to only appeared in the mw trilogy . 
   using snapchat, 
   calling it snap, 
  christ , is there no escape from these turbo-normies any more ? 
   i was super hyped for a remastered modern warfare trilogy . 
  i thought it was only the first one that was being remastered ? 
  can be a bit tough on the cpu if you have an older laptop or something like that .
