  the government would n't have done it if there was n't going to be some benefit to the economy too . 
  and given the rather high tax rates ireland has on new cars , this had the intended effect . 
  you say you ca n't agree with the decision . 
  yet it had absolutely zero downsides and benefited the economy . 
  i 'm from tipp originally , and i would rather see anybody win than limerick . 
  i grew up in a tipp/limerick border area , and the rivalry has been instilled in me since my youth . 
  first time i 've cheered for kilkenny in many years . 
  as i said to my father during the match , so far this year cork and tipp have n't yet displayed the level skill we saw on display today . 
  had limerick and killkenny been in two different semi-finals , we would more than likely be looking at a limerick-kilkenny all-ireland final . 
  that said , either cork or tipp could pull something out of the bag yet . 
  i highly doubt he thinks of himself as such . 
  now they wo n't let us back . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're implying that her obesity is a symptom or a cause . 
  spot the limerick fan . 
  `` women 's sport 's most basic problem when it comes to media coverage is that you ca n't force people to care '', 
  hit the nail on the head there . 
  damn good article !, 
  one of the * less appealing * aspects of feminism/the social justice movement . 
  some of those in the comments made on that article made it very clear that they were n't , yet still felt entitled to voice their ignorance . 
   then we have sports that women are simply the best at naturally, 
  such as ? 
  but given physical differences , are n't men 's and women 's gymnastics so very different to the point where they are incomparable ? 
   a man could n't compete in most women 's events . 
  could the reverse not be said too though ? 
  the superior physical strength of men tends to be an advantage in their gymnastics , at least in what i 've seen during olympic events . 
  as could many men . 
  your point being ? 
   that is a point , they have a physical advantage so if you understand that you know you are watching the best . 
  you have n't actually proven that in any of your comments . 
  that said , female gymnastics is enjoyable to watch because it is so * different * to the male version . 
  not because it 's inherently better . 
  it 's the same with women 's hockey - very different to men 's hockey in the way it 's actually played . 
  if you are stronger and faster , it lends itself to having a greater competency and skill level . 
  the two are n't mutually inclusive , but your physical capabilities have a large impact on your skill level when it comes to sport . 
  nobody is denying that . 
   some might say superior . 
  so , anecdotal evidence ? 
  and women do n't like the rings . 
   even srs accepts that men are stronger despite it being kind of ` biotruthy ', 
  not all of them . 
  i do n't get it . 
  also , that guy is a really shitty writer . 
  i think he wants to know whether any of us have joined the movementarians, 
  the very frequent and oddly placed paragraph breaks do n't help either . 
  the leader is great . 
  unless the owner is really elderly , there 's no excuse for that . 
  yes , that too . 
  but if you were long term disabled/injured to the point where you ca n't walk your dogs , i would question whether you are capable of taking care of the animals in the first place . 
  the car is a seat though . 
  it would be better if it was a ford f150 pick-up truck . 
  a very uplifting story . 
  i also now * think * i understand what / pol / means by `` power levels '' . 
  that said , she was one unusual sjw . 
  do n't they usually like to see themselves as the friends of the lgbt crowd ? 
  i did n't think anime nerds would have a power level in the / pol / - osphere . 
  why ? 
  good fucking luck , that 's all i 'll say . 
  they 're gon na need it . 
  are you new to the concept of / int / or something ? 
  the fact that it obviously the irish flag aside , being a fellow irish person i can tell by the phrasing and word usage that he is indeed irish . 
  u just jelly , bro . 
  i still do n't see why that makes him a cunt . 
  i do n't store my tub in public areas while disguised as a urinal . 
  suuuuure . 
  tumblr was having a mass anxiety attack when 4chan counter-raided the site . 
  being on / b / that day was hilarious - just constant screenshots of tumblrinas freaking out . 
  and then the tumblr `` threats '' started appearing on / b / , which were perhaps even funnier . 
  aww , did your delicate sensibilities get scarred by those mean guys on / b / , sweetie ? 
  do you have a problem with women who willingly become prostitutes ? 
  better internet speeds would be tempting though . 
  i know we all rightly give rte a lot of shit , but in recent years i 've never found them to be particularly biased on social issues at least . 
  ill-informed , maybe - but i 've never seen any bias against gay-marriage for example in nearly 10 years ( although i 'm open to being corrected on that ) . 
  anybody read the joke of an [ article ] ( http://www.onthemedia.org/story/being-lady-and-playing-dayz/ ) about dayz that was linked in the text ? 
  jeez , it 's like something straight out of tumblr . 
  i do n't know if this is old enough for you ( 2007 ) , but halo 3 's online community is quite vibrant at the moment . 
  this is largely due to halo 3 being free on xbox live late last year and the fact that many hardcore halo fans are unhappy with both halo 4 and halo reach multiplayer . 
  a big bonus with halo 3 is that if you manage to find/have a copy of halo 3 : odst , it comes with all the halo 3 dlc maps . 
  and since the longstanding halo fans usually have this disk , the dlc maps tend to be where you find the best quality games ( the guys who got halo 3 free would have to pay to access them ) . 
  you must have been a day behind the action or something . 
  like , i 'm not massively familiar with tumblr , but it seemed pretty chaotic when i visited there during the raid . 
  people screaming in all caps about being `` triggered '' , others telling people to avoid certain tags , pages and pages of tearful rants about 4chan . 
  i do n't doubt however that there were plenty who did n't notice or just ignored the raid since it only targeted certain tags . 
  that said , tumblr did react faster than expected , so the worst of the raid was shoved under the rug within 6 hours or so due to feverish counter-posting of inoffensive images in the target tags . 
  offended tumblrinas then tried to either pretend 4chan 's raid was a failure , or came to / b / to make fantasy posts about the revenge they would enact on 4chan . 
  i do n't know . 
  but i was asking you whether you have a problem with women who * do * willingly become prostitutes ? 
  that does n't correlate with what i saw on the day of the raid . 
  then again , it only affected certain tags so it 's quite likely that the effects of the raid did n't surface on your gf 's radar . 
  irrelevant how ? 
  if the japanese adult video star in this article joined the industry voluntarily and is n't being pressured into this deal , why should you be bitching about misogyny ? 
  or , she could be part of tumblr 's attempt to downplay the effects of the raid during the aftermath . 
  hell , i saw posts from people on tumblr somehow claiming victory in light of 4chan 's raid . 
  in the world of internet raids , nobody ever truly wins . 
  that said , one site always comes out looking worse . 
   you dont know that though do you ? 
  you do n't know either . 
  there 's just as good a chance that she joined the industry voluntarily as there is that she was forced into it . 
   and you proably also have a pretty good idea that many are pressured or forced into that business . 
  dont you ? 
  that does n't mean plenty do n't join it voluntarily .
