  did you not read what i said in my last comment ?? 
  all of what you said is an offshoot of sex for procreation . 
  i 'm not following whatever point it is you 're trying to make . 
  i said that it 's not * exclusively * used for procreation . 
   i see you are quite a literal person . 
  experience has taught me that it 's preferable to be as literal as possible in cmv threads . 
   what are other purposes of sex different from procreation ? 
  beats me - i 've never understood the appeal of it . 
  but according to other people in this thread there 's the `` pleasure '' and `` emotional bonding '' aspects . 
  they are apparently the other driving motivators to have sex apart from procreation . 
  what exactly do you mean by the opposite view ? 
  what do you mean exactly ? 
  so , you 're saying sex in cases where it 's not for procreation is just as necessary as sex for procreation ? 
   if you 're a male , the chances are that it 'll be hard for you to have sex . 
  maybe . 
  but thankfully i lack an interest in it , so it 's a non-issue for me . 
   it is vital that those members of the straight community who feel , for whatever reason , indifferent when it comes to the issues surrounding lgbt rights , start to care about inequality and begin to support us on our journey in gaining full equality in irish society . 
  hah - now , i 'm somebody who is perfectly fine with lgbt people attaining equality and all the rights that go with it . 
  more power to them !, 
  but if you expect me to actually actively give a damn and do anything more than vote in a referendum , you 're in for a rude awakening . 
  explain to my why i should ? 
  is it not enough to be in favour of them attaining what they want ? 
   i think i 'm more bothered by your insistence on laughing at how great it is that you do n't give a damn . 
  i was actually laughing to myself at how unlikely it would be for me to actively support something such as this . 
  i just do n't understand why it should become my burden . 
  i do n't oppose their crusade , but i just do n't want to become involved . 
  just like many other things in life . 
  yeah , well , i do n't feel compelled to do such things unless it 's a matter of life and death , or gross persecution . 
   i 'm not certain how to address `` gross persecution '' . 
  is there any persecution that is not excessive ? 
  i was talking more along the lines of torture and war - that sorta thing . 
  i 've seen you around enough to know that you 're either a slightly bitter feminist or a rabid white knight . 
  that may be why your comments are being downvoted . 
  also , they do n't add anything to the discussion . 
  it 's also crazy to assume that the historically insular gaming community would be welcoming of an influx of people playing casual games and being called gamers without investing the time and dedication that is usually associated with term . 
  i 'm not saying it 's right or wrong , but that 's the way things are . 
  ah , i half suspected as much . 
  i just wanted to be sure . 
  thanks !, 
  so , essentially another case of the chinese stealing designs from other military forces ? 
  except in this case , it 's a bit more stealing design * elements * than stealing a design wholesale . 
  good job , china - it 's an improvement , sorta . 
  well , unlike the french joke , it has heavy foundations in reality . 
  i 've been going all the 20 + years of my life . 
  well , i hope you learnt your lesson . 
  have you ever tried , like , not being offended ? 
  seriously , the biggest problem people have with srs is that they 're far too easily offended . 
  i do n't get offended when people make a joke pertaining to a group i belong to , but then again , why should i ? 
  yeah - pretty much . 
  if * some * people were n't so easily offended ... . 
  believe it or not , a lot of human humour revolves around somebody being the butt of a joke . 
  should we have to stop employing a major element of humour just because some thin-skinned people are getting offended ? 
  i dare you to find more than a handful of stand-up comedians ( male or female ) that do n't use gender or sex as a basis for many of their jokes . 
  does that make them all sexists ? 
   being bigoted is n't funny . 
  if it 's just for a joke , it can be . 
  what 's wrong with being called a ginger ? 
  ginger is a word for a colour , and it 's being used to describe your hair . 
  it 's a piss-poor insult by those attempting to insult you and it would be best for you to rise above it . 
  take the high road and retain the moral high ground . 
  many of the jokes made by comedians that use gender and sex as a basis * could * easily be perceived as sexist , but people with a bit of common sense realise that they are just jokes . 
  hard to stop a physical reaction . 
  and do n't try telling me that getting offended is similar , because it 's not . 
  only a simpleton would lack such basic control over their emotions . 
  a thick skin is a major asset in life . 
  being offended by every little thing you see on the internet , is n't . 
  wait ... . . that username . 
  i 'm not sure how to react here ... . . 
  uh-huh ... . 
  well , i 'm just gon na ignore you because i have no idea whether you 're being serious or not , and frankly i do n't really care . 
   do you get offended ( or at least angered or saddened ) if you hear someone ranting against a group you belong to ? 
   and even if you do n't , do you think it 's that much of an over-reaction when other people do ? 
  yes . 
  well , that would n't be very nice regardless of race . 
  well , that 's exactly the kind of straight-forward answer i wanted to hear . 
  thank you . 
  yes , i remember reading about this during my research into vpns . 
  but you put it much more concisely . 
  out of curiosity , what * are * the vpn service providers who are sophisticated enough to do what you described ? 
  thanks - i reposted this in / r/vpn . 
  did n't know that subreddit existed , but i probably should have known better . 
  most definitely - but i wish women would say `` no '' more often rather than beating around the bush . 
  urgh , no taste ... 
  i 'm just of the opinion that anybody who picks an slr over nearly any of the other super cars on display in this photo is robbing themselves of any ability to comment on cars of this nature . 
  [ ] ( / notamusedtrixie ) i do n't know what i expected really . 
  i guess it 's just that some of the things that get posted here regarding the skype group seems like stuff than should be * contained within * the skype group . 
  pointless screenshots , pictures of people who fell asleep on camera , and posts calling a particular member out on something trivial they did on the skype chat . 
  things that only a fraction of the plounge populace will understand or get any value from . 
  [ ] ( / thebestponyishappy ) you 've pretty much hit the nail on the head there . 
  have n't seen you around these parts in a while recently . 
  well , i 've been here long enough see many of the plounge trends and inside jokes . 
  but the plounge group is creating them in very significant numbers in a small space of time . 
  pointless screenshots , pictures of people who fell asleep on camera , and posts calling a particular member out on something trivial they did on the skype chat . 
  no , but i do n't see why the aforementioned posts ca n't be confined to the skype chat . 
  posting them here only results in upvotes from people who are in the chat , confusion from people not in the chat , and general circlejerking in the comments section . 
  it 's almost the literal definition of a shitpost . 
  huh ? 
  yes , in theory ... ... 
  still does n't make the posts any less shitty . 
  i 'm not in the skype group - i do n't think i 'd be making this post if i was .
