   implying most indians have access to a toilet , let alone a bidet, 
  but ... it * is * a roadsign . 
  that 's all . 
  how can it offend you so much ? 
  we had one with a solid black line instead of the 5 individual ones . 
  that 's why i 'm confused as to why this new one is being introduced and what purpose it serves exactly . 
  i think it was the `` hideous things '' part people were taking issue with . 
  quiet , normie . 
   implying a girl would touch anybody from 4chan in general, 
   implying a lot of robots are n't borderline alcoholics, 
  hitting you does n't count . 
  the `` kind regards '' seems * very * token when the rest of the letter is in block capitals . 
  over on 4chan 's / r9k / and / b / boards , loads of guys have fake tinder accounts that they used to mess with people . 
  denial mode engaged . 
   not prosperous enough . 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  hell , japan has been in an economic slump for decades now . 
  you 're right . 
  a much as i would never vote for renua , i see no harm in ireland having a right wing party of that nature . 
  if people do n't want them to have power in irish society , they wo n't vote for them - simple as . 
  but there 's nutters in this subreddit who seemingly have a daily stroke of the idea that not * everybody * is socially left wing . 
  essentially . 
  that 's what makes these spats between indians and pakis all the more hilarious . 
   but at least i 'm on the right path . 
  that path lies outside your comfort zone though and could still lead to failure . 
  by you ? 
  i used to live the normie life , but i slowly began to realise that i was n't enjoying it as much as i thought i was . 
   it is 100 % worth the effort . 
  not if you fail and/or relapse . 
   you could put apart one hour a day to exercise . 
  one day a month to buy better clothes . 
  and go on one date a week to exponentially increase your chad rating and still do nerd stuff . 
  that 's all time i could spend doing things i actually like though . 
   just because you may have sat around clinging to your high school letterman does n't mean everyone else did, 
  why would a beta give a shit about their highschool jacket ? 
  be careful , spending time in almost any stem degree can seriously alter your perception of women . 
  long periods of time studying and in lectures/labs with only the same handful girls in constant sight can add about 2 points on average to your 1-10 rating of those girls . 
  i 'm at work 8-9 hours a day . 
  the free time i have is precious . 
  i see no advantage in committing that time to things i do n't enjoy . 
   was so good . 
  cg is n't that bad once you get use to it xp, 
  the cg was fine in my opinion , but more importantly , it does n't stick out like a sore thumb , a la aldnoah.zero . 
  future me usually ends up cursing past me . 
  calm down , love . 
  regardless , who knows when you might take time off to have a baby . 
  employers take a risk when hiring a woman over a man in that regard . 
  my plan does n't involve the magical confidence gain . 
  i fail because i fail ? 
  wow , you are woefully ignorant . 
  if that 's what he 's saying ( which it is n't ) , the yes . 
   the army, 
  there are lower fitness requirements for women to enter the military for a reason . 
   your theory was that women or men are inherently better at certain jobs . 
  if the jobs are based on physical fitness , men * will * be inherently better at the them . 
   failure is achieved when you die of old age without getting laid once . 
  that really would n't bother me . 
  i 've never placed much value on sex . 
  it 's not invalid because how is an employer to know you wo n't have children without asking invasive questions ? 
  when you hire a woman , statistically there 's a very high chance of her having a child at some point . 
  being the only gender that can have children kinda does that . 
  the anglicization does n't used the accent , as far as i know . 
   that depends . 
  the battle scenes wer awesome , but all the characters beeing cg too was rather odd . 
  it was certainly odd , but it was decent quality and consistent . 
  that 's what matters as far as i 'm concerned . 
  i have social skills ( i lived the normie life to a certain degree all through high school and most of college ) , but i only use them when i have to these days . 
  there was a problem ? 
  that 's not a valid comparison . 
  the military is practically built around the idea that * everybody * gets leave - male and female . 
  eh , we 're all gon na die eventually . 
  i 'm not referring to op 's article in particular . 
   chad in many english speaking countries means your taint . 
  what english-speaking countries are those ? 
  well , it 's not as clear cut in that case since a lot of the jews living in israel ( if not the majority ) have moved there from europe where they had been for well over a millennium . 
  that 's enough time for differences to emerge . 
  everybody should ask themselves that question at least 3 times a day . 
  number 7 is a bitch . 
  the rest are great though . 
   imo the cgi in knights stuck out way more than that in aldnoah . 
  are you mental ? 
  the cgi used for the kats in az could not stand out more if it tried . 
   i honestly have n't noticed any of it . 
  dude , i 'm seriously questioning your eyesight . 
  how can you not notice the cg used on the kats for example in az ? 
  you 're not wrong . 
  these weekly atheist `` think of the chilluns ! '', 
  threads really highlight the type of demographic / r/ireland has . 
  are the robots who make these pretending to be girls or are they mocking girls ? 
  actually , i think he 's right . 
  the ruler and populace majority were of different religions , which make allocating the region particularly difficult because under the partition treaty the ruler of each region could choose which country to join . 
  not if you live south of the fucking equator . 
   l0l, 
  not sure if serious ... 
  but you are . 
  where are your grammatical mistakes ? 
  ( other than the total lack of capital letters ), 
  huh , that 's exactly how i imagined the stereotypical pakistani too . 
  i 'm moreso agnostic myself , and i fully agree . 
  it 's like being back in secondary school/college here at times .
