  how ? 
  he did nothing wrong . 
  have you been on a college campus any time recently ? 
  that 's a criminal mentality . 
  those people broke the law . 
  as much as we might disagree with the actions of the guy who reported them , he was n't in the wrong . 
   the law is wrong, 
  according to you and like-minded people . 
  obviously not everybody agrees . 
  well , that 's your problem . 
  in the grand scheme of society , those people have done nothing wrong . 
  it was still boring . 
  man , i 'm gon na rack up one hell of a phone bill . 
  got a glimpse of it as i was passing through the living room . 
  the were dying of laughter because of an inane attempt at humour by some blonde bint . 
  tubridy looked very uncomfortable . 
  possibly ? 
  she seemed insufferable anyway . 
  when i run all 3 simultaneously , they put a noticeable load on my browser . 
  also , from what i can gather at least , there would be a lot of overlap in their functionality were i to run them all together . 
  most of europe , east coast of america , and australia . 
   implying i did n't go out and see as much as i could, 
  wow , some people here really hate britain . 
  no , i 'm pretty sure some people in this thread genuinely hate britain . 
  nobody 's crying , and i think `` hate '' is a perfectly adequate word . 
  the people downvoting me apparently . 
  this is why women should n't be allowed on the internet . 
  about time it got some recognition . 
   so if they 're making you feel unwelcome ... welcome to their world . 
  i really hate this attitude . 
  it always seems to crop up during debates regarding the lgbt community . 
   lesbians get the stink eye for holding hands pretty much everywhere else . 
  really ? 
  in my experience , they get it considerably less than gay men because ( a ) in general women tend to be emotionally open so most people do n't even bat an eyelid when they see two women holding hands , and ( b ) it can be argued that gay women are more accepted by mainstream society than gay men ( although the reasons for this may be somewhat suspect ) . 
   glbt, 
  just a question : is glbt a commonly used alternate name for the lgbt movement ? 
  so , my conversations with my lesbian friends and my general awareness is moot ? 
  i 'm sorry , but i resent the accusation that my input is meaningless . 
  this sort of behaviour leads to hostility in lgbt debates . 
  i do n't believe i need to be on the receiving end of hostile behaviour in other to effectively empathize . 
  huh , til . 
  reading your comment was literally the first time i 'd seen that variant of the acronym being used . 
  i wonder why lgbt became so popular by comparison ? 
  i was n't splitting hairs . 
  i was just suggesting that lesbians - at least on a public perception level - are more accepted by mainstream society than gay men . 
  that 's my opinion . 
  you 're welcome to dispute it , but do n't tell me my input is meaningless . 
  it 's not like i was stating what i said as absolute fact . 
  it 's merely more fodder for the discussion at hand . 
   fodder that was irrelevant and unnecessary . 
  sorry , but it was meaningless . 
  you do n't get to decide that . 
  i was countering a point made by somebody else . 
  it 's relevant , unless you wish to have some statements remain completely unchallenged . 
   why should a lesbian bar be welcoming towards you ? 
  why should n't it ? 
  it 's borderline discrimination if they are openly hostile towards straight and/or male patrons . 
  hell , i remember reading about instances in the past where men have been refused entry to lesbian bars . 
  if an establishment refused service to a gay person ( as many have in the past ) , you 'd be sure that there would be a considerable shitstorm . 
   getting a stink eye because the patrons feel you 're * in the wrong place * is hardly discrimination . 
  that certainly sounds like low-level discrimination to me . 
   does it really ? 
  yes . 
  imagine if it was straight people acting like that towards a lgbt person in an establishment . 
  nobody would be doubting if it was discrimination then ( as i said though , it 's low level discrimination ) . 
  wow , automotive autism !, 
  somebody call the world health organisation , we 've discovered a new strain . 
  why ? 
   animes, 
  and christ almighty , you have possibly the most normalfag/pleb taste i 've ever seen . 
  they 'll still find a way to win the all ireland hurling championship . 
  pity it wo n't be motel though . 
  far superior to her sister . 
   but the yorktown basically got a repair bucket, 
  you 're not joking . 
  they did 3 months work in 3 days to get her back in a seaworthy state again . 
  when sailing for preparations in advance of the battle of midway , there were still workers onboard finishing off repairs . 
  i thought yamato spend most the war sitting in port on one of the japanese home islands ? 
  but unlike in , lets say , zankyou no terror , the context makes this engrish an asset of the character that uses it . 
  learn from this , japan !, 
  that entire show pissed me off non-stop once the white haired bitch was introduced . 
   well that 's because musashi actually did things , while yamato became a kind of scary showpiece . 
  that 's relatively speaking though . 
  musashi still did n't get up to much . 
  hell , she did n't even make it to the battle of leyte gulf ( and yamato did - not that she did much when she got there ) . 
   musashi sank in the sibuyan sea , right ? 
  yep . 
  on her way to the battle from brunei i think . 
  she was over half way there . 
  same here . 
  there 's loads on youtube . 
  can be tricky to find the good ones though . 
  fine . 
  but musashi is mine . 
   midway was a god damn miracle . 
  yeah , the us navy received a year 's worth of luck at midway . 
  having cracked the japanese navy codes also helped too though . 
   implying anybody should give that much of a shit about the welfare of idiots, 
  because they do n't have kids ? 
  people who do n't want to dedicate 18 + years of their life and income to another person .
