  fair point . 
  yes , it is a controversial topic in ireland - especially right now . 
  and whenever the topic is raised in this subreddit , the person behind the post generally has an agenda . 
  hence the reaction you 're getting to this post . 
   why does the idea that women should have autonomy over their own body make you mock them ? 
  because maybe he 's on the other side of the debate ? 
   the kind of people who would prefer to have control over other people i guess . 
  because that 's the only reason one might be opposed to abortion ? 
  usually because they do n't consider the fetus to be the `` woman 's body '' . 
   but things like `` a woman 's place is in the home '' should be ousted . 
  it 's okay to be a normie , friendo . 
  do n't lie to yourself . 
  stone tablet master race . 
  what you 're saying is n't * entirely * true . 
   nazi -- an insult in use long before the rise of adolf hitler 's party . 
  it was a derogatory term for a backwards peasant -- being a shortened version of ignatius , a common name in bavaria , the area from which the nazis emerged . 
  opponents seized on this and shortened the party 's title nationalsozialistische deutsche arbeiterpartei , to the dismissive `` nazi '', 
  hardly . 
  and much more besides . 
   its in everyone 's benifit to have a healthy , social competent and physically fit population . 
  ah no - die before retirement age , that 's the plan . 
   well spend time improving what people do n't like about you instead of wasting your time playing games . 
  i do n't consider that a waste of time because i am enjoying myself . 
  ah , stop being such a judgmental prick . 
  live your own life and quit worrying about what others do to pass the time in a way that does n't harm anybody else . 
   it 's because dubliners compare the dublin public transport system to other european capitals, 
  hardly an unreasonable comparison though . 
   but they allow the most disgusting kind of people to say whatever they want about abortion and women who have had abortions . 
  ca n't handle people who have different opinions to your own ? 
  as opposed to ? 
   the country is n't exactly the way i want it to be so our elected leader is an idiot, 
  par for the course in / r/ireland really . 
  is this bait ? 
  in that case the autism is leaking from / r/anime . 
  and ? 
  that does n't make it any less true . 
  sunday evening - not a lot going on as i sit here watching the sunday game . 
  indulge me ; defend your statement . 
  it 's not that you watched it that makes you inherently autistic . 
  it 's your original comment singing its praises . 
  i hate to use the word , but it was cringeworthy as fuck . 
  came off as the kinda bullshit you see posted by teenagers over on / r/anime . 
  i disagree : such an attitude promotes ignorance . 
  i do n't consider myself smart because of this . 
  i 'm just saying that why would you neglect the truth ? 
   i literally described the show , you sperg . 
  in an autistic manner . 
  please stop being autistic in the presence of others . 
  huh , did n't know that boards had restrictions on what you could say about homosexuals and travellers ( i 'm especially surprised by the latter ) , so i understand now where you 're coming from . 
   and guess what , it is not . 
  if you say so , friendo . 
   it adds nothing of value to your life , enjoy yourself in other ways , play a sport , travel , study hard in school . 
  i wo n't enjoy any of those things . 
  i enjoy playing video games - it 's one of my hobbies . 
  what 's the big deal ? 
   that has so many opportunities to do summer work or internships in the us/asia / mainland europe . 
  i 'm fully employed thank you , and a bit old to be doing internships . 
  you 're one self-righteous , judgmental prick , y' know that ? 
  i bet you 're one of those types that still thinks video games are just for children . 
  what concern is it of yours what hobbies people partake in as long as they do n't negatively impact on others ? 
  i work 5 days a week and as such contribute to society . 
  am i not entitled to come home after a hard day 's work and indulge in the hobbies that i find enjoyable ? 
   jesus do you always react this way when people talk about gaming ? 
  is it a touchy subject ? 
  gaming is just one of my hobbies - i 'd be equally defensive if you were being so dismissive towards any of them . 
   i do n't think they are only for children although i did think most people grew out of them as other opportunities started to come about when they got older, 
  such as ? 
  if you ca n't make time for the things you enjoy life , something is going wrong . 
   it 's just sad to see time sunk with almost zero gain, 
  i 'll never understand you people who think everything they do in life has to have some net gain . 
   time is precious man , remember that, 
  only if you have plans . 
   i 'm sure that there are people in your life who deserve it more than these games, 
  other than my parents , no - not really . 
  and i visit them at least once a month as it is . 
  all my friends are scattered across the country and globe , so it 's not exactly possible to make time for them on a regular basis . 
  in fact , online gaming is one of the few activities i can still regularly participate in with them . 
  i can understand the presence of english and russian , but why is french given prominence over the language of the native berliners ? 
  it was the smallest portion of the 4 blocs though . 
  administration was largely carried out by the americans though , and to a lesser extent the british . 
  i thought by 1961 the american , british , and french zones had been merged ? 
  what would be the purpose of these filter and tags ? 
  did he ever give a reason as to why they were being evicted ? 
  i know they were never on great terms with the landlord , but they seemed to have a good thing going in recent years . 
  are you sure ? 
  the one where he tells him to `` get a job '' ? 
  must have got the dates wrong - my bad . 
   all that normie bullshit, 
  you 're part of the problem , lad . 
   it took me a couple of months to break free from my bad habits of overendulging in the cyberspace and about three years to build a decent social life and build myself so i do n't feel like i 'm a wasted potential . 
  all that because i never gave up on myself no matter how many times i fucked up , no matter how many days i wasted . 
  i learned from my mistakes , day by day improving myself little by little . 
  come present tense , four years later , i went from that quiet kid no one cared about that spent all his time sitting on the computer to a guy who 's had a long , meaningful relationship , has best friends , has accomplished a lot academicly and has found his interests and is looking to develop them further . 
  i finally feel like i have gotten back on track on what i should have been all this time before i let myself fall in a pit of depression . 
  i am now working to build myself and my life from alright to truely excellent and i wo n't stop until i prevail some day . 
  jesus christ , this reads like some hollywood feel-good movie script . 
  talk about delusion ... 
  oh believe me , i 'm well versed in how petty france was during the cold war . 
  if there was ever a nation with an inferiority complex , post-ww2 france would be a prime example . 
   it 's got to the stage where it 's a society wide problem that is causing harm to the nation of a whole,
