  if anybody here has experience with the program , does it do anything i ca n't already easily do myself and does it provide any worthwhile benefits ? 
  i currently use google drive for accessing files from various devices , but i 've been told that dropbox is better . 
  is there any truth to this ? 
  what are the advantages/disadvantages of each ? 
  is there anything that would cause an android device ( samsung galaxy ) to not be able to send multimedia messages ? 
  in addition , the same issue seems to be preventing the devices receiving multimedia messages - instead , a few days after the test was originally sent , i receive a text message saying the multimedia part of the message ( photo , file , or whatever ) is available at a certain website , for which the url is provided . 
  i 've never managed to fix this problem on any of the android devices i 've had ( samsung galaxies of various types ) , and i could really use the photo sending capability of multimedia messages for work . 
  any advice ? 
  do n't ask me why , but i use caps lock for typing capital letters . 
  however , this has been a great source of frustration for me recently since my dell inspiron 1545 decided to stop displaying the on-screen icon for when caps lock is engaged - especially since i have no keyboard light that indicates this for me . 
  so i have no idea when caps lock is on or off . 
  on-screen notifications for when i alter the sound on the laptop , or connect to a wifi network have all disappeared too . 
  i know this is a fairly trivial problem , but due to my odd typing style , it is becoming very irritating . 
  i 've done everything i can on the laptop to try and fix it , and searched many sites online , but i ca n't find a solution anywhere . 
  any advice appreciated . 
  i recently came across an external hard drive i had used to supplement the poor memory in my old pc . 
  most of the stuff on it was junk , but there were a few files of music i had ripped from cd 's about 7 years ago that i never transferred to my new laptop . 
  since i now have easy access to the files and there 's some music i still like in them ( amongst many tracks i 'm kicking myself for ever liking ) , i transferred the files to my current laptop today . 
  problem is , whatever way i ripped the tracks from the cd 's , they came with none of their data ( no artists , albums , song titles , etc. ), 
  - just track numbers . 
  so basically i now have a bunch of mp3 's with no identification other than their track numbers in my desktop music folder . 
  i 've never had to do something like this before , but is there a way of permanently altering ( i.e. 
  not just renaming the tracks ) the data associated with each song ? 
  it would make it really handy when putting the music on my mp3 player . 
  any help appreciated . 
  i live in a college apartment with 3 other guys . 
  i was put in randomly with them at the start of the year because i do n't like living with close friends ( even though i 've had the option to do so ) as it often has a detrimental long-term effect - also , i like making new friendships with people i do n't know . 
  anyway , 2 of the other guys already knew each other , but i quickly became friendly with them as they were easy-going and pulled their weight around the apartment . 
  however , the 3rd guy is quite different . 
  i see * very * little of him , even though he comes back to the apartment every night to sleep - it was almost a month after we moved in before i saw him for the first time !, 
  he often comes home after midnight , but most the time he comes home in the afternoon and holes up in his room for the rest of the evening . 
  he only comes out of his room to leave the apartment or cook - and he only cooks when he thinks nobody else is around . 
  i 've never seen him in the morning - he either leaves really early before the rest of us get up , or after we 've all left . 
  i could honestly go a week or two without seeing him , even though we live in the same little apartment !, 
  the thing is , based on the few times i have come across him ( usually when i arrive home and he 's cooking in our shared kitchen ) , he seems like a genuinely nice guy - a bit awkward , but friendly ( although the friendliness at times does seem a bit `` put on '' ) . 
  but he never sticks around to make conversation . 
  you could turn your back on him for a second , and he 'd be gone like the goddam batman !, 
  he keeps his own cooking utensils and cutlery in his bedroom , and is very clean around our shared areas . 
  we 're pretty sure he does n't even use the bins in the kitchen , but instead disposes of his rubbish separately . 
  he has never once had a friend over , has never made a complaint or suggestion about anything we do , and has politely rejected any of our attempts to get to know him ( i had to look up the resident list to find out his second name ) . 
  now , to many of you he may seem like the perfect roommate . 
  and in some ways he is . 
  but his odd behaviour makes me slightly uncomfortable since i 'm used to having a good , friendly relationship with my roommates . 
  has anybody else had a similar experience with roommates ? 
  is there any way to try and make the situation a bit more comfortable for everyone ? 
  i have relatively slow internet in my house . 
  it 's fast enough to play most games online , but it sucks for downloads . 
  therefore , when i 'm downloading a big file ( such as a game ) it usually takes many hours - so i usually leave it do its thing while i go occupy myself elsewhere . 
  problem is , the xbox keeps shutting down after about 30-40 minutes of inactivity while downloading . 
  is there something in the settings i can do to prevent it doing this ? 
  i spend on average 8 hours a day working on a computer at a desk , and i think it will soon begin to adversely effect my health . 
  therefore i 'm trying to take steps to optimise the way i interface with my computer . 
  i 've already started to consciously alter my sitting position , but i 'm more concerned about my right wrist . 
  i often feel a strain on my wrist after using a mouse for extended periods of time , and i 've heard stories of secretaries and office workers getting wrist issues from extensive computer use . 
  i need my hands in perfect working order for my line of work , so i 'm trying to find a way to prevent the onset of wrist issues . 
  any suggestions ? 
  just a quick question - does the option for kolyat to turn up only occur if you were romantically involved with thane ? 
  i recently took up road-running under advice of my doctor as part of my treatment for depression . 
  i have become very unfit recently as going to the gym was one of the first things that took a hit when depression struck a few years ago . 
  however , i am still light and thin , and i have strong legs from years of cycling . 
  but i am new to running in general , because when i used to attend the gym , i was one of those people who could not use treadmills for extended periods due to issue with one of my legs ( i do n't have this problem out on the road ), 
  before i started , i read up on all the faq and such here , and after 1 week of running i have a couple of questions that i would like to ask , mainly regarding breathing . 
  i have found that my biggest problem when running is not my energy ( which i have plenty of - i do n't tire easily ) , but my breathing . 
  i just ca n't get enough air into my lungs to sustain my pace for very long and i end up having to stop well before the rest of my body needs to . 
  i have tried many different breathing techniques , but i keep having to stop every 300-400 metres or so . 
  i do n't smoke and i have no breathing related illnesses . 
  is there any training i could do to increase my lung capacity ? 
  ( this would also help me when i return to cycling in the summer ) . 
  also , what is the recommended breathing pattern for effective running ? 
  in addition , if you have any other tips for a beginner , i greatly appreciate them . 
  eggs were never directly part of my diet growing up due to the fact that my mother had an intolerance to them . 
  however , i recently discovered that i do in fact enjoy them . 
  however , i have zero experience in cooking eggs despite them being a very basic aspect of cooking . 
  so , i would be very grateful if you could answer a few questions i have . 
  what is the healthiest way of cooking eggs ? 
  poaching , frying , boiling , scrambling ? 
  i know how to fry eggs , but i 'm pretty sure that 's the most unhealthy way of preparing them . 
  would you have any tips for preparing eggs in the alternate methods ? 
  forgive me if this is the wrong subreddit - i 'm never sure which of the cooking subreddits to post these sort of questions in . 
  with google reader 's imminent shut-down approaching , can anybody recommend a worthy alternative rss reader ? 
  i 've been considering snackr , but i ca n't find any good reviews on it . 
  i 'm very new to rainmeter , but i have quickly become hooked on it . 
  however , i have n't reached the stage where i can create custom skins from scratch for my layouts , so i rely on lightly editing existing ones . 
  anyway , i need a replacement for the standard windows sticky note gadget . 
  i find it very handy for posting reminders in my desktop , but it does n't work with a new layout i 'm working on . 
  if you have any suggestions of such individual skins i can get or suitable ones that exist as part of packages , i would greatly appreciate it !, 
  just a quick question about this particular attachment : on the hurricane , does it really do much to dampen the recoil ? 
  because i 've always found the recoil to be the only significant flaw of the hurricane , so i thought the stability mod would help mitigate that problem . 
  but truth be told , i honestly do n't notice any difference between the recoil of the gun with and without the mod . 
  that said , i only have the mod at level 2 , but if it 's not going to make any noticeable difference , i 'd prefer to swap it out for a high velocity barrel . 
  suggestions ? 
  despite generally preferring biotics over tech , i completed the tech mastery challenge far before i came close to completing the biotic mastery challenge purely because there are some biotic attacks that i just do n't like . 
  anyway , i currently have 13 of the 14 required biotic silver challenges complete . 
  pull was the next logical power to level up as it was at 25 % while all the others were below 10 % . 
  however , what i 've found is that it 's really difficult to get points with pull as it 's a power that does n't really do much damage . 
  the drell adept and asari justicar are the 2 pull-equipped characters i use , but over the course of approximately 12 gold matches , i have only got pull up to 35 % . 
  any suggestions on how to maximise my pull points ? 
  also , on a related note , what is a good weapon choice for the drell adept ? 
  not 100 % if this is the correct subreddit to ask a question such as this , but i tried 1 or 2 others with little success . 
  when i was younger i loved watching the 24 hour news channels .
