  shinobu doll a best . 
  i do n't agree with the guy you 're replying to , but should we really be suppressing discussion like this ? 
   in all seriousness , who does thins kind of research and how did they get the `` data '' ? 
  high radiation x-ray machines hidden in those speedtrap vans - the kind that make you sterile . 
  yeah , well , you 're in a small minority of irish people who * do * care about that sort of thing . 
  edgy * and * arrogant . 
  you 've got quite the complete package there , lad . 
   g-d, 
  why do people do this ? 
  how is that relevant ? 
  i find it refreshing that there 's a candidate who does n't feel obliged to pay lip service to the myriad of minority groups in the usa . 
   trump is literally everything wrong with politics and i 'm surprised you do n't just how much worse things would be with him . 
  strange , most people who support him consider him to be the antithesis of the modern american politician . 
   but then again this is 4chan, 
  no it 's not . 
  are you mentally deficient ? 
  what makes you think that ? 
  i doubt you 've ever been on 4chan , so how would you know ? 
  there are in fact people on 4chan who genuinely support trump . 
  quite a few of them actually . 
  not in the slightest . 
  you 've never actually been on 4chan , have you ? 
  spend a few hours on / a / and you will learn that it 's far from an exclusively japanese habit . 
  i recognise that bow ... 
  is that what i think it is ? 
   that the smaller boat can not survive the storm does not mean the larger must or should continue to tow it to its own detriment . 
  i 'm pretty sure that would be a crime under maritime law if the smaller boat had people on it . 
  hardly surprising , given that you seem to see abortion as just another means of contraception . 
  unless they were raped , the women were in full control of their bodies when they had sex . 
  except a rugby player getting a cast and/or medical treatment does n't potentially involve killing another human being . 
  let 's keep the analogies accurate , lads . 
  i 'm no expert on maritime law ( i would n't even know where to find the citations to be honest ) , but i 'm quite sure it 's not legal to abandon or refuse to aid another vessel in distress . 
  that 's definitely the implication i 'm getting from a lot of your comments . 
  good for you . 
  does n't necessarily make it true , but i 'm really not in the mood for a `` when does life actually begin ? '', 
  argument with people who want to use abortion as a means of birth control . 
  being a troll and the level of one 's reading comprehension are n't 2 inherently linked variables . 
  but you would n't be the first to call me a troll on this subreddit , so i 'm not gon na judge you for that . 
   i like shit like berserk/bebop/vagabond / vinland saga so much more than i do the ecchi/moe/waifuwars shows . 
  like there 's almost no mature shonen/seinen compared to how many moe/ecchi manga there are . 
  yes , you 're a big boy with mature adult tastes who is * totally * above the frivolous tastes of your peers ... 
   troll a stupid , ugly , cave or under-bridge dwelling mythological creature, 
  mythological ? 
  but i exist - at least i 'm quite sure i do . 
   i said you had the reading comprehension of a troll . 
  which heavily implies that you 're accusing me of being a troll . 
  4chan would n't exist without weebs . 
  and yet it 's getting a second season and a movie . 
  the bisko disco never ends !, 
   space battleship kongou, 
  kongou being a filthy gaijin would have made her candidacy untenable anyway . 
  what if the japanese are the only ones that truly remember what ww2 naval battles actually looked like and the allied governments are just trying to hide the cute girls from us ? 
   i mean he lost precious memories that he 'll never get back . 
  yeah , because without photos none of us could remember any of the important events in our lives . 
  eh , i would n't worry about it . 
  i had a perfectly stable and loving family life growing up , yet only 1 of the 3 children in my family grew up to be any way successful and well-adjusted . 
  hint : it was n't me . 
  most student unions are n't even campaigning for lower fees any more , which was historically one of their core policies . 
  they 've become too obsessed fighting for non-issues to placate the social justice crowd and secure themselves a few nice bullet points on their cvs . 
   ucc 's common room now has gender neutral bathrooms to create a `` safe space '' for transgenders . 
  i 've heard from one of my cousins who attends ucc ( and is tangentially involved with the su ) that the whole transgender thing was just a spin put on it by the su to garner praise from the social justice crowd . 
  turns out that it just was n't practical to have gender segregated bathrooms in the building due to its size . 
   since when did fighting for social justice become a bad thing ? 
  ever since people started doing it wrong and fighting for non-issues . 
   having gender neutral bathrooms is completely reasonable, 
  i dunno , have you ever been inside a women 's bathroom ? 
  they 're like warzones at the best of times . 
   but a lot of people like the stuff they put up . 
  yeah , the kind of people i 'd prefer not to be around . 
  very true . 
   i just hope it is n't extended fully across campus . 
  there would be uproar if there was apparently . 
  i was linked to the su facebook page by my cousin when she was telling me about it , and there were some * very * mixed responses in the comments below the announcement . 
  and that 's for just one building on campus . 
  that said , i only graudated from ucc a few years ago , and as far as i recall there are few other buildings where space is at such a premium that gender neutral bathrooms would have to be put in place as a matter of practicality . 
   i was under the impression it was just an american thing, 
  give it time ... 
   but fighting for lower fees ( better still total elimination ) and other issues are n't mutually exclusive . 
  they sure appear to be at ucc in recent years . 
   it seems to me that the people who complain on reddit about sus not addressing the ` right ' issues could stand to actually get involved and do something rather than sneering from the sidelines . 
  it 's not that simple . 
  the students union in ucc ( and it 's not just isolated to ucc ) have an almost iron-clad agenda that revolves around issues that affect only a minority of ucc students , whereas fee reductions are something that affects everybody . 
  yet the su has all but dropped them from their policies for years now . 
  they have a very narrow focus and it 's been that way since my time at the college . 
   as far as things like gender neutral bathrooms go they 're a small victory which is easily accomplished ( since you only have to deal with the administration of one university ) and hardly signal the end times . 
  if that went campus-wide , there would be uproar though . 
  i guarantee it . 
  god fucking dammit - / a / is gon na be pissed . 
  the thread where it was discovered that muslims on twitter were getting their panties in a twist over track # 32 was one of the funniest things i 've seen on / a / in a long time . 
  nobody even considered that the twitter muslims might succeed in their campaign though ... 
  sad times , guys . 
   and knew what he did was wrong, 
  no it was n't . 
  he is perfectly entitled to use the muslim call to prayer in his tracks if he so wishes . 
  and now the whole second soundtrack is in limbo because some muslims ca n't go 5 minutes without being offended by something . 
  only according to certain muslims . 
  i had n't realised that muslims control the world . 
   if what you wish to say is offensive , yes, 
  free speech says otherwise . 
   but the prayer is something important for muslims and it was used in music which is considered haram ( forbidden ) .
