  i 've a few going myself . 
  well personally i do n't find mcgregor 's bravado entertaining in the slightest . 
  you think katie taylor looks mental because she has religious beliefs ? 
  that 's very small-minded of you . 
  / r/atheism awaits you . 
  there 's a difference between advertising and intrusive advertising . 
  this is one thing reddit does very well . 
  a combination of reddit gold and well-executed advertising means that the site makes money and users are more inclined to whitelist reddit on adblock . 
   attacking the messenger and not the message . 
  christ , you really love that phrase , do n't you ? 
  y' know you ca n't always use that to deflect criticism of a person . 
  sometimes the person and the message are heavily entwined . 
  so we 're never allowed criticise a person based on what they say ? 
   we do n't give a shit . 
  who is `` we '' ? 
   this does n't negate the outrage of people who got their cultural identity assaulted . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  that does n't answer my question at all . 
  not exactly helping your argument here , whatever that may be . 
   and waving it around makes you still look like a racist buck tooth fuckwit, 
  or you just take pride in being from the southern states ? 
  flags can have different meanings for different people . 
  do n't be so narrow minded . 
  what you said makes no sense . 
  and the facts prove that the flag has multiple meanings depending on who you ask . 
  case closed , find something else to be outraged about . 
  we were a colony for 800 years . 
  we did n't really get a chance to do any fucked up shit outside of our own borders . 
  what a compelling argument !, 
   either way , i look at them differently after they hang this flag in their house . 
  then you 're a narrow-minded fool . 
  the gays have a pride flag . 
  how is that any different from southerner 's having a pride flag ? 
  i have zero problems with immigrants or refugees who come here and are willing to work and assimilate into irish society . 
  in fact i think it 's a positive thing for the country . 
  what i do have a problem with is people who would come here simply because ireland is better off than their home country and they think they can continue to live here as they did at home . 
  assimilate and work , or get the fuck out . 
  france and the uk are examples of 2 eu countries that failed to strictly enforce this concept and they suffer for it . 
  in addition , i do n't think we should have an open door policy for immigration or asylum seekers . 
  variable limits should be put in place depending on how ireland is faring economically . 
  the last thing we want when irish people are unemployed and the country is struggling is a flood of people from abroad looking for work . 
  obviously i 'm being a bit idealistic here , as under current eu legislature imposing such limits would be almost impossible . 
  plus you 'd have the usual bleeding hearts throwing a hissy fit and crying `` racism !, 
  not everybody who disagrees with you is a xenophobe . 
  it is most definitely not normal . 
   that seems to conflict with the statement i have quoted above . 
  ok , depends on what you understand by `` flood '' !, 
  obviously coming to ireland and being willing to work is n't much use if irish people ca n't even find jobs here . 
  it just burdens the system and causes animosity . 
   because i feel exactly the same and it ca n't get any better if i continue reading . 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  afraid of having your opinion challenged ? 
  looks like the pre-referendum fears that if we voted yes everybody would be forced to turn gay are coming true . 
  also , in smaller businesses , immigrants are far more willing to work for less than the going rate and to be paid under the table . 
  it 's only racist from one particular perspective . 
  one particularly ill-informed perspective i might add . 
  implying slavery was the actual reason the american civil war took place . 
  it was a secondary reason at best . 
  hence why i said '' we did n't really get a chance to do any fucked up shit * outside of our own borders * '' , which i believe was the theme of this thread . 
  also , it was actually more of a church-sponsored state at times really . 
  not in civilised society . 
  i suggest some [ light reading . 
  ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/3aph04/is_this_askreddit_comment_about_the_us_civil_war/cseqf33?context=3 ), 
   and southern states are still trying to oppress those slaves ' descendants , and using this flag to do so . 
  how so ? 
  so this is what tumblr meant by `` cultural appropriation '' . 
  but i whitelist the sites i value ( that do n't use intrusive ads ) . 
   remove the down vote ability for users who have given more than 10 down votes in one 24hr period . 
  ah here , i 'd never be able to downvote at that rate . 
   ban sectarianism and race hate , there 's plenty of other subs racists can go too and spout their shit , why the fuck shit like that is allowed on a national country sub is just dreadful . 
  that 's called censoring the opinions of those you do n't agree with . 
   then lying about it being about `` southern pride , '', 
  how do you know they 're lying ? 
  is there some conspiracy going on in the south amongst people who fly the confederate flag ? 
  well usually as soon as i realise that the ads are unobtrusive . 
  that tends to happen within a couple of visits . 
  for what purpose ? 
  does the app tell me what ? 
  you 've nobody to blame but yourself . 
  the other passengers ca n't do that . 
  no , that 's a decision i can make myself . 
  if it 's a site i find myself coming back to and that i would be interested in supporting , i 'll disable adblock just once to see what the ads on the site look like . 
  it only takes 2 clicks . 
  zenmate used to work really well , until they locked off their free services behind a paywall . 
  since then i have n't found anything that works anywhere near as well . 
  that is a very finicky program . 
  i could never get it to work , and it throws advertisements at you quite regularly . 
  hey , it 's worked for us so far . 
  completely agree . 
  do n't expect to find many people agreeing with you on reddit though . 
  no need to be salty . 
  and evidently people in relationships do n't know how to use punctuation . 
  well said . 
  op obviously saw that the hivemind was n't correlating with his own views as uniformly as he would like and decided to make a post about it . 
  those are fairly common views . 
  would you prefer an / r/ireland where people with opposing views to your own were n't allowed participate ? 
  not all ( not even most ) right wing people are racists . 
  nor are they all `` organised and invasive '' . 
  i love how the fact that you 're being downvoted sorta proves your point . 
  sounds awful .
