  yet oddly we still have no apple retail stores in ireland despite apple 's prescence here . 
  great , thanks . 
  how do we stop them ? 
  it certainly is . 
  most other western european countries have apple retail stores , and there 's even one in belfast . 
  apple 's european hq is in ireland yet we have none . 
  it 's not the quality i 'd be looking for though . 
  i just want to see non-irish enjoying our national sports . 
  fair play to him . 
  american divorce laws are insane . 
   but imagine how many possible olympians or international soccer legends wasted their lives hittin a sliotar into a ditch . 
  jesus , you guys are really bitter about the gaa . 
   they share stadiums/arenas and are very open to other sports/activities using their facilities too ( sure it 's business for them but they do n't go around shouting `` bloody foreigners '' when someone want 's to play a game of soccer on an nfl pitch ) . 
  where the fuck do you live that such things happen ? 
  every county has won * something * in the past 100 + years of the gaa . 
   descendant of sea warrior, 
  you would n't know it by looking at all the murphys i know . 
   if only someone could make a realistically sized ferry, 
  but ferries of that size * do * exist , so it is realistic . 
   what does the lack of one or two official apple stores have to do with the original argument about post brexit employee relocation ? 
  nothing . 
  nobody said it did . 
  i just made an tangential observation . 
  calm yourself . 
  true . 
  they do n't play full length matches though . 
  ca n't because of work . 
  so you agree that / r/ireland is hypocritical ? 
  also , individuals who oppose abortion do n't see it as `` rights being taken away from people '' . 
  your opinion is n't the only permissible one in the public discourse . 
  your entitlement is on another level . 
   also why is a `` letter from an lgbt organisation '' considered by the writer to be the gold standard in proving you 're gay ? 
  feels  reals . 
  yes , but have we received a letter from the national women 's council of ireland confirming that she is indeed a woman ? 
  no idea . 
  but some evidence is better than none , and some evidence is a legal requirement . 
  do n't take things said as a joke so seriously . 
  otherwise you 'll be angry all your life . 
  does n't apply here . 
  there was a clear attempt to provoke an emotional judgement in the absence of any real evidence . 
  that 's not evidence . 
  so , what do you do with your spare time ? 
  well are n't you great ? 
  a true martyr for the common man . 
  be sure to pm me with updates on the successes of your protests and pamphlets . 
  and do n't forget to maintain that condescending and arrogant tone in the pms so i can be sure that they 're actually from you . 
  he 's being an arrogant prick . 
   did you get the rarest pokemon yet , or the newest honda accord ? 
  i do n't play pokemon and i drive a 10 year old car that i barely use . 
   keep playing on your i-pad pal, 
  i do n't own an ipad, 
   that scary/pesky democracy your fathers fought and died for will soon be obsolete if it already is not . 
  ha , i live in one of the most genuinely democratic states in the world . 
  also , learn how to quote . 
   you appear as though you have no regard with current issues , yet i am sure you are the first one to the polling station . 
  you sure do assume a lot , friendo . 
   `` did you get the rarest pokemon yet , or the newest honda accord ? 
  i do n't play pokemon and i drive a 10 year old car that i barely use . '', 
  -- glad you took my questions literally -- keep on playing on your i-pad bro, 
  please learn how to quote on reddit . 
  you 're just embarrassing yourself . 
  learn how to use capital letters and proper punctuation please . 
   was it worth your comment ? 
  maybe . 
  why should we not promote correct use of spelling and grammar in online dialogue ? 
  i disagree . 
  truly the greatest plight endured by the irish people since the famine . 
  like move them out of the city to some uninhabited island on the west coast ? 
  that man is a national treasure !, 
   being embarrassed by daniel o'donnell, 
  really ? 
  he 's harmless , and the old women love him . 
  are you saying that the existence of daniel o'donnell makes the population autistic ? 
  eh , close enough . 
  who needs a second note when one note is enough ? 
   do you know what my granny had on her bedside table when she was in the hospice ? 
  a picture of her and daniel when he came to visit the old folks home she was in . 
  he visits hospitals and old folks homes and does n't publicise it and remembers every single person 's name and where they are from . 
  yep , i 've heard countless iterations of this story . 
  he is really good to his fans . 
  whatever benefits a relationship provides are outweighed by the negatives . 
  i 've seen too many of my friends succumb to the relationship meme . 
   be worth more as a person and have a better chance with women he finds worth while . 
  nope . 
  why would anybody in their right mind have children ? 
  they rob you of 18 + years of your life , limit your day-to-day choices , and are a mental , emotional , and financial burden . 
   maybe actually learn to talk to a woman at the same time , not just about work ? 
  i 've never conversed with the women in my office unless it 's about work . 
  which is impressive since my entire company is about 50 % women . 
  that 's no excuse . 
  but if anything i blame the kid 's parents . 
   until you try it out you wont know for sure, 
  normies always list off the exact same , default benefits of a relationship when asked . 
  it 's not difficult to compile a list . 
  learn how to use meme arrows , normie . 
  soon . 
  call me a beta if you wish , but i sure as hell ai n't falling for the relationship meme even if every girl in the world suddenly became infatuated with me . 
  i have no intention of cutting off any of my genitalia . 
  so the mere idea of somebody having zero interest in romantic relationships offends you so much that you make such ridiculous claims ? 
  that 's pretty damn petty .
