  as a non-america , no shit . 
  let me get this straight ; are you complaining that people wo n't stop and talk with you while you 're out for a walk ? 
  joke 's on him ; houses in my country do n't usually have basements . 
   liberals and leftist are not the same thing, 
  in the context of what we 're speaking about ( i.e. 
  not economically ) , they are . 
   right wing ideologies have been tested for the last hundred years and they have only held the world back . 
  you clearly have little understanding of history if you think that . 
  your assumption also arrogantly assumes that the type of world leftists/liberals want is inherently better than that desired by the right . 
  lying and deception are far better skills to learn in this modern world than hard work . 
  hong kong would be far better off under british rule . 
  i got one for tier ix after playing a load of tier viii matches . 
  problem is , i do n't own any tier ix tanks . 
  he did renounce his citizenship and tear up his passport though . 
  allegedly . 
   here is a young lad who is an irish citizen , who went to his ancestral country to support a democratically elected president and is thrown in jail without trial for years for doing so . 
  you should work for a pr firm because that 's some mighty fine spin you 've got there . 
   he is an irish citizen , and is recognised as such by the government . 
  i 'm not disputing that . 
  but the government has done all they can . 
  he brought this upon himself . 
  i never said you were lying . 
  i do n't think you understand exactly what spin is . 
  not in a legal sense . 
   and winner will just write history in a way showing everybody he was the nicer dude ... but ... he was n't . 
  i do n't think that anybody in the right mind would argue that the allies were worse than the axis . 
  also , the carpet bombing of germany did have theoretical strategic value . 
  two words : vichy france . 
   or was it because they were easier to point out and separate, 
  in a practical sense , most likely - yes . 
  since when are trump supporters anti-semites ? 
   the recent left swing has been very much embraced . 
  well , as long as we do n't end up isolating and ostracising the right like what happened in the usa and what is beginning to happen in the uk . 
  better than the usual `` yes because i want to smoke weed but i 'll pretend it 's for other , more noble reasons '' . 
  men would have led crusades in the past if they had experienced such a dream even once . 
   not being christian, 
   just because you 're mammy and daddy told you drugs are bad and weed makes you stupid does n't mean you have to act stupid . 
  that 's rather condescending and patronising . 
  are you seriously implying that people who are opposed to drugs are merely doing what they were told by their parents ? 
   are you really assuming that all advocates of sensible cannabis legislation are merely doing so out of self interest ? 
  all the ones i 've met in real life are . 
  i can only speak based on my own experience . 
   no just you . 
  but i 'm not opposed to drug legalisation ( provided said drugs are taxed as heavily as alcohol or ciggarettes ) . 
  that said , i 'm not really that bothered by the status quo either . 
  so yeah , do n't assume . 
   nice anecdote but no you can actually research the subject if you really cared, 
  how can you possibly research people 's true motivations for drug legalisation ? 
   look at it from another point of view other than your own . 
  why should i care ? 
  seriously though ; why should i ? 
  as i 've already outlined , i 'm open to change but also content with the status quo . 
  i do n't doubt that for a minute . 
  but what exactly is the problem with that ? 
   i think the sentiment of `` why should i care ? '', 
  can be applied to anything and shows a certain level of stubborn ignorance that borders on entitlement . 
  people are often too quick to call others ignorant just because they lack an interest in something . 
  as a wise man once said `` just because i do n't care does n't mean i do n't understand '' . 
  ever consider that different people might want different things from life ? 
  no - obviously i 'm the best person to make decisions on behalf of everybody . 
  i see your ideological understanding is as shallow as i suspected . 
  because being right wing is inherently bad ? 
  just unlocked the spah yesterday . 
  having a hard time adjusting to it after the powerhouse that was the spic if i 'm honest . 
  the gun handling is really poor for a light tank and the ap shells travel at a glacial pace . 
  it 's the that students are being * forced * to do it that 's the issue . 
  if it was optional , there would be no issue . 
  i would n't be threatened - i just see it as insulting and a waste of time . 
   microtransactions, 
  also , it 's meant to be a fierce drain on your phone battery . 
  i feel like pokemon go is gon na bring upon us a whole new era of autism . 
   it shows the difference of support you get by playing on people 's fears like xenophobia and racism, 
  it such sentiments exist in the populace in large numbers , it would be strategically unwise * not * to pander to them if you want to get elected at all costs . 
  millennials should n't be allowed to vote . 
  please leave and never come back . 
   are the cows really that wild they could n't be caught , particularly by a vet and his staff ? 
  townie detected . 
  cattle can be very aggressive in certain situations . 
  we all consciously/subconsciously judge people by what party they generally support based on our own political preferences . 
  i judge sinn f\u00e9in , aaa , and pbp voters quite harshly for example . 
  it 's nothing new . 
  i 'd prefer if people under 25 could n't vote , but they do n't turn out anyway so it does n't matter . 
   everybody is stupid except me and people like me, 
  you share my dream , friendo . 
  if only . 
  i was told the black prince was better than the churchill vii by many people . 
  i do n't have it myself though . 
  whatapp is about as secure as skype ( i.e. 
  not at all ) . 
  ca n't speak for viber though , but it does n't strike me as the most secure . 
  ca n't wait for the greentexts . 
  the left wing is composed of people who ca n't practice meme magic . 
  they could never be a fraction as dank as the alt right . 
  which is worse though : getting falsely convicted of rape due to a lack of evidence to the contrary or having it revealed that you justifiably record your sexual encounters and getting a slap on the wrist at the most ? 
  i think people are more concerned about women crying rape when none actually occurred than what you described . 
  i see that you are on the left wing . 
  why is it then that a few years ago the shops suddenly started branding themselves as eason ? 
  the best kind of nazi . 
  as usual the media is overlooking the real heroes . 
  to be fair though , it would n't have been hard to distinguish her in a way that did n't make her appear like a leper .
