   what does that say about the economy . 
  nothing really . 
  well played . 
  having seen photos of some / r/ireland users before ( and having recently looked in a mirror ) , genuine aesthetic compliments on this subreddit are gon na be few and far between . 
  is looby a name of english origin ? 
  am i the only one who only thinks such people are a fringe element on / r/ireland ? 
  no more influential than that guy who belittles the irish any chance he gets . 
  despite recent evidence to the contrary , ireland is not a nation of protesters - regardless of the issue . 
  very true . 
  weird , i always thought you were a die-hard liberal yourself . 
   i think we can absorb a few thousand people without `` our culture '' ( whatever that is ) being threatened . 
  why are you expressing skepticism regarding the existence of irish culture ? 
   which was unpleasant and hurt my little feelings very much . 
  sensitive much ? 
  i think we got off on the wrong foot way back when the last palestinian crisis was prominent on this subreddit . 
  no , * you * have the asterisk in the wrong place . 
  why ? 
  they just do n't understand . 
  do n't start ... 
   immigration is good . 
  how can you make a blanket statement like that when we do n't even have full employment in our country at the moment ? 
   free university fees have not been a success . 
  they were never fully free . 
  they 're `` free '' . 
  that said , i 'd be interested in hearing why you hold such an opinion . 
  oh boy , / r/ireland is gon na have fun with you ... 
  fair play though - those are genuinely unpopular opinions . 
  to be fair , i do n't know a lot of irish people with an iota of common sense who would say otherwise . 
  sure thing , lad . 
   who are we to turn away people who are fleeing from a place destroyed with war ? 
  the residents of the country they are fleeing to . 
   should we just let every country but ours take them ? 
  as a sovereign nation , that should be our decision to make . 
   it 's basically an act of war, 
  it would never have been effective against modern subs anyway . 
  are we somehow obliged to vote for them ? 
  it would have required huge investment to remain a deterrent . 
  and the irish taxpayers hate seeing money being spent on the armed forces . 
  but why would the fact that it came from a guy be relevant ? 
  that 's quite demeaning and dismissive of men 's opinions . 
  did you expect anything less ? 
  ... they get what ? 
  to be fair , the vibe i get from the indo these days is that they 'll hate whoever the buying public wants them to hate . 
  but in murphy 's case , i find it hard to disagree with them . 
   is it okay to block an individual in their car in the manner the protesters did as is shown in this video, 
  er , it 's never okay to trap somebody in their car . 
  yeah , well , those people are idiots to be frank . 
   they 've actually done it in england . 
  eh , the way it has been drafted in the uk makes it very difficult to enforce . 
  or at least from my reading of it ... 
  i look forward to being called a misogynist and bigot for not being in favour of abortion on demand . 
  this campaign will be vicious on both sides . 
  but irish people are n't `` seeking asylum '' in england . 
  we 're legally entitled to travel their to work . 
  why are you so hostile to the idea of home-made bread ? 
  it begins !, 
  that 's the literal definition of being an internet troll . 
   it 's all a load of fucking bollocks . 
  uneducated racist arseholes getting fear-mongered by the media . 
  despite the fact that european media has largely been sympathetic towards the migrants ? 
  but what about people who are genuinely happy ? 
  y' know , normies and other bastards . 
  / r/ireland is already setting out its stall , if the fact that i 'm being downvoted for merely making a prediction about the campaign is anything to go by . 
  i 'm perfectly fine with abortion in the case of rape . 
  i 'm still on the fence regarding incest , but most likely i 'd be okay with abortion in those cases too . 
  and ? 
  regardless , i do n't believe it 's the case * everywhere else in the world * . 
  do n't generalise . 
  here 's my viewpoint :, 
  modern science currently has no definitive idea of when life actually begins in the womb . 
  for that reason , i would prefer if we restricted abortion to cases where ( a ) the mother 's life is in medical danger , ( b ) the fetus would not survive outside the womb or would have disabilities that would severely hinder its ability to function on a day-to-day basis , and ( c ) cases of rape or incest . 
  for all other accidental/unwanted pregnancies , if you have sex you take the risk . 
  actually , plenty of developed countries have restrictions on abortion to varying degrees . 
   and so it 's an issue of body autonomy and basic human rights . 
  i 'm perfectly fine with abortion in cases where ( a ) the mother 's life is in medical danger , ( b ) the fetus would not survive outside the womb or would have disabilities that would severely hinder its ability to function on a day-to-day basis , and ( c ) cases of rape or incest . 
  but other than that , if you have sex you take the risk . 
  by definition , it still would be . 
  for god 's sake , you 're calling them `` losers '' . 
  would you ever grow the fuck up ? 
   ok so we should base other peoples choices on your completely arbitrary morality . 
  that 's all * anybody * does on the issue of abortion . 
  regardless , my viewpoint is influenced by the lack of concrete scientific consensus on when life begins . 
   how do you plan for this to work in rape cases ? 
  should the woman have to prove it in court or can she merely say at a clinic it was rape ? 
  i do n't see why there has to be two extremes there - i 'm sure some sort of intermediary method could be worked out . 
  the problem is , i guarantee you that the mainstream pro-choice side will campaign on the premise of the referendum being a vote to legalise abortion wholesale . 
  i would wager a huge sum of money on that . 
  as i said already , both sides will campaign on this issue regardless of the actual wording on the ballot paper as if it were a vote to legalise abortion wholesale . 
  that 's my viewpoint regarding potential * changes * to the current abortion legislation . 
  the changes i listed would be a net positive , sure - but it 's not like the legislation in place currently keeps me awake at night . 
   if it passes then there will be huge pressure to immediately legislate for uncontentious situations like the ones you are ok with and then the longer battle for an unconditional choice will start . 
  while i agree with this , you 've clearly learnt nothing from the marriage equality referendum in terms of how the national debate will play out . 
  while the academics and interest groups may frame the debate in the manner you described , the vast majority of internet slacktivists and their real life counterparts will boil this down to a yes or no fight for abortion , with the primary weapon in their respective arsenals being slandering the opposing side . 
  hence my original `` misogynist & bigot '' comment . 
  when does a fetus attain consciousness , sentience , etc. 
  when does it stop being a bunch of cells and becomes a human being . 
  i 'd be perfectly fine with that interpretation too . 
  in essence , i 'm just opposed to abortion on demand . 
   and when women will pursue abortion by illegal methods , resulting in both loss of life for the foetus and damage to their health ? 
  what about it ?
