  it 's the most hate-filled place on reddit . 
  why they are even still members of the site is beyond me , since they seem to hate almost everybody on it so much . 
  why should a subreddit that hates most the people on reddit be a subredditoftheday ? 
  could n't have said it better myself . 
   and all speaking english np where no white boy will ever bother to learn a second language . 
  this is n't a great argument , since people native to the area of no incentive to learn a second language since english is the official language of the region . 
  that 's not to say they do n't learn a second language , but when they do it 's either for work or for personal reasons . 
  why ? 
  it would be great if you 'd provide some reasoning for a statement as controversial as that . 
  i would * love * to hear your logic behind this comment , because i 'm sure it 's entirely rational . 
  also , if you 're so easily irritated by people who decide not to have children , i advise you steer clear of / r/childfree, 
  as somebody on the verge of dropping out of college due to depression , is attending a college counsellor a worthwhile step to take ? 
  because at this stage i feel so crappy every day that i 'm on the verge of trying to get put on anti-depressants - anything to help me get out of this rut i 've been in for over a year now . 
  did the exact same thing myself before christmas - could n't motivate myself to study for an exam , and when the exam itself rolled around i just could n't face it . 
  i 've managed to convince my parents that i 'm doing fine in college , but i do n't know how much longer i can keep it up . 
  no harm in doing both i suppose . 
  i dunno - would it not be better to try counselling first , and then if that does n't work try the medication ? 
  like , should anti-depressants and the like not be a last resort ? 
  i do n't want to go on medication if i do n't need it . 
  what you 're saying may be true , but it is free . 
  in what way does it interface with ninite exactly ? 
  what benefits has it provided for you ? 
  i 'm just wondering because everybody seems to have a different experience with it . 
  ooh , that 's annoying - so if you allow it to make changes but end up disliking the program overall and want to uninstall it , you 'll lose those changes ? 
   drive also integrates pretty well ( as it should ) with android devices . 
  possibly my favourite aspect of drive . 
  well he did say `` i do n't give a fuck anymore '', 
   soluto is great if you have more than one computer to manage . 
  that does seem to be a common thing people are saying . 
  since i only have 1 computer to manage , im starting to think that i do n't really need soluto . 
  other than the conversion to google docs format ( which can be fixed apparently ) , would you otherwise recommend google drive ? 
  i 've no first hand experience with skydrive , but a few co-workers of mine use it . 
  one or two of them have mentioned that it suffers from `` those typical microsoft issues '' . 
  i did n't dig any deeper there because i was n't interested in skydrive at the time ( i 've been screwed once or twice by microsoft in the past - although , not in relation to my own personal laptop ) . 
  might you have any idea what they were talking about , or is there any truth to it at all ? 
   further , i set my computer up so that my skydrive folder is within my google drive folder , so it 's redundant and i do n't have to worry too much about skydrive failing ( just about getting hacked ) . 
  clever move . 
  thanks for the advice !, 
  a scenic tour life may be , but when you move faster you can get more `` viewing '' into your scenic tour . 
  i can enjoy things while moving fast just as much as a slow person can , yet i 'll get more done . 
  this would not work well in britain or ireland - you have to ask the guest if they want tea , but they are gon na get it regardless of whether they say yes or no . 
   play movies at double speed, 
  i wish i could if i could still hear to what was going on . 
  and i do n't see how picking two arbitrary examples shows me how it `` does n't work that way '', 
  we are all heading towards our grave - i just plan on getting more done between now and then . 
   dont you understand the meaning of `` stop and smell the roses '' ? 
  i understand it , but i do n't care for it . 
   taking your time to savor moments and experiences will make them much better . 
  would you rather inhale 2 big macs in 5 minutes flat and have dinner over with , or take the time and have lobster dinner instead ? 
  neither - i 'd cook something that is simple and relatively healthy . 
  i 've never cooked a meal in my life that has taken more than 30mins to prepare . 
  look , we live in a bustling world that changes every second . 
  there is so much to see , so much to do . 
  i 'd rather see many wonders in brief than a few wonders in detail . 
  i understand that we have different viewpoints , but that 's just my take on the world . 
  so , anybody who does n't go to college parties is automatically a loser ? 
  but i already have friends - i meet them at the weekend . 
  it just seems like a lot of effort to go make new friends at college when my time is limited enough as it is . 
  they are incredibly boring unless the crowd and atmosphere is just right - which they rarely ever are . 
  while i do n't agree with the adoption of a dog just to avoid college parties , i think a lot of people here in the comments are angry just because they ca n't fathom the idea of somebody not wanting to be involved in a college social event . 
  that 's sexism - right there !, 
  cvt is the worst type of transmission type - anybody who knows anything about cars will tell you that . 
  they are only good for small city cars . 
  i will never understand why some manufacturers insist on putting them in bigger cars . 
  thought i had all the latest drivers , but after seeing your comment i rechecked the list and realised there was one optional update near the bottom of the list that i had n't noticed before . 
  fixed the problem - thanks very much . 
   i still remember the story of how a woman lost her soon to be fiance because she believed in srs 's ideas so passionately , and believed everything said in srs . 
  i think i read that story ( or at least a similar one ) a while back , and it was possibly the most hilarious/stupid thing i have ever read . 
  the woman got what she deserved - what she expected her fianc\u00e9e to put up with was ridiculous . 
  yep , we 're talking about the same story . 
  jeez , it was horrible . 
  well , * most * of them . 
  well , that 's good to see . 
  but i assume you are excluded from this sweeping generalisation ? 
  while i do n't agree with putting plastic over couches , i can kinda see the logic in it . 
  many people want to make a nice couch last and keep it clean for when visitors arrive . 
  so , you think the principal should have given in to the attention-seeking girl 's demand to expel over 20 students ? 
  how is she a victim just because she got the visual attention she evidently wanted ? 
  like , i 'd possibly agree with with you if the guys had made some comments or lewd gestures , but i really do n't see how people looking/staring at a girl in clothing that enhances/reveals her figure constitutes the girl being a victim ? 
  i 'm genuinely confused here . 
  it appears i missed the sarcasm - my bad . 
  so , what should the principal have done ? 
  sounds reasonable to me . 
  ah , `` the talk '' - i 'm damn glad i did n't get that when i was growing up . 
  would have been awkward as hell , especially since i do n't think i 've ever heard my parents use the word `` sex '' , and nor have i ever used it when speaking with them . 
  while i admit that `` the talk '' is a good thing , i do n't think it would work with every family dynamic , and you can still turn out just fine without receiving sexual advice from one 's parents . 
  brilliant !, 
  thanks . 
  i 'm failing to see what effect that will have on op 's rather logical opinion - especially since you have no idea what age he/she is . 
  so all girls are vegetarian now ? 
   it 's extremely difficult for people of two extremely radical views to get along with each other . 
  agreed , but not impossible . 
  my mother is vegetarian and my father is not , and they have been happily married for 25 years - and it 's my mother who cooks the meals in that house 99 % of the time . 
  and while i know this is only anecdotal evidence , i do n't think something such as a couple having differing eating habits should ever be the cause of a break-up . 
  successful relationships are built on compromise - not one individual forcing another to change fundamental aspects of their life . 
   reddit is overrun by so many teenagers now that it 's a new facebook of sharing stupid shit . 
  still working on finding smaller subs that less 13 year old kids are on . 
  and yes , i wholeheartedly agree with this . 
  the only reason i 'm still subscribed to this subreddit is because there is oddly sometimes good debates about serious topics in the comments sections . 
   people post on facebook about it because that 's where their friends are who can help cheer them up and give emotional support,
