  imagine how good they 'd be at it now if it was a concentrated colonisation effort by the entirety of the eu . 
  also solves overpopulation . 
  but we do n't get enough sunlight where i live for it to be economical . 
  wind power works better for us , which better battery technology also aids . 
  yeah , everybody knows it 's proper definition is `` climate change '' . 
  some places are getting colder ffs . 
  that ghost does n't look too different from existing models . 
  and the possibility of india and pakistan starting a nuclear war . 
  well , i was speaking specifically in relation to immigration policy of course . 
  i lived in france for over a year and there are definitely elements of the country that i 'd like ireland to copy . 
  just not its immigration policies/practices . 
  they 're not the root cause though . 
  nato has also done good and bad things throughout its history - but it 's hardly the monolithic evil organisation many in / r/ireland like to paint it to be . 
  well , the sabres were never designed for atmospheric flight as far as i know . 
  unlike the covenant , the unsc has a long history of having trouble building vehicles that can operate both in and out of atmosphere . 
  up until the unsc infinity was launched , the only large unsc ships that achieve that feat were frigates . 
  far far * far * easier said than done . 
  especially given that the un is proving itself to be more and more impotent with every passing year and the fact that europe 's coordinated foreign policy is weak at best . 
  not sure if serious ... 
  strictly speaking , you 're correct . 
  but look at it this way for example : source factors of climate change are affecting the north atlantic drift , the alteration of which will result in north western europe becoming a lot colder . 
  regardless of what they are , you 're clearly cooking them wrong if that 's the case . 
  i guess we better eject sweden from the eu before we go colonising in that case . 
  that 's a very narrow view of the situation in libya for the past decade or so . 
  gaddafi was a dictator holding the country together by force . 
  your kind would probably complain just as much if nato had done nothing about him, 
  unfortunately that 's not the case thanks to cold war politics . 
  true . 
  but now europe would have to compete with america and russia . 
   assuming the spartans in that clip jumped from a plane , there should be no difference between falling from orbit or jumping from some high distance . 
  the mc jumped from the forerunner keyship * as it entered earth 's atmosphere * with no jetpack to cushion his fall , yet was only knocked out for a few hours . 
  canonical issues aside , were spartan iis to have such built-in jetpacks as seen in halo 4 's opening cutscenes , i 'm confident that they would be able to pull off the feats displayed regardless of where or what they were jumping from ( my guess is a frigate or pelican in atmosphere ) . 
  yes , and their headpieces and armor exaggerate their size even more . 
  ( a ) different armor variants might have been at play , ( b ) i choose to look at this similar to bungie 's / 343i 's canonical position on the halo legends series : all the events ( bar one ) took place , but there was significant artistic licence in how they were portrayed . 
  yeah , those guys have had it coming for a long time . 
  actually the primary reason for the lack of nato-led intervention in syria was russia 's close ties with the assad regime . 
  also , stability in the entire region could have been affected were nato to intervene in syria . 
  the risk was far less in libya as most it 's neighbours are relatively stable and do n't have huge issues with the west . 
  c'mon , this is basic stuff . 
   such as sangheili using human weaponry when its been stated they never did even when their life depended on it . 
  does that not conflict with a covenant assessment of human weapons that was shipped with some versions of halo 2 as a sort of guide to the weapons of the game ? 
  yeah , i love halo reach , but it 's severely lacking in the story department . 
  everything else is solid though . 
  ca n't believe it has n't been mentioned already , but the chief 's arc in the escalation comics is awful on so many levels . 
  if you have n't read it , at least watch halocanon 's reviews of those few of issues . 
  i ca n't put into words how badly what is meant to be a critical story arc is handled , but it still makes me angry to this day . 
  i do n't dislike traviss 's books as much as a lot of people here , but i will say that subtlety is n't her strong suit . 
  sorry , should have specified ; * direct * intervention . 
  yeah , but i imagine that there would be a lot of people opposed to soldiers killing each other on live tv . 
  only disadvantage of swiftkey is if you 're the type of person who holds onto a phone for a few years because touchscreens naturally degrade in precision and sensitivity with time . 
  my 3 year old samsung galaxy is suffering from this issue , and it makes swiftkey texting a chore . 
  blackberry are still making private market phones ? 
  exactly what i was thinking of , thanks . 
  the story itself was okay as far as i 'm concerned , but the execution was dire . 
  you do realise that most games tend to tell a story , right ? 
  yeah , but people are falling for it hook , line , and sinker because it promotes the yes campaign . 
  never change , / r/ireland . 
  well said . 
  / r/ireland is hilariously unaware of the hypocrisy inherent to how they treat no voters . 
  i got downvoted the other day for suggesting that maybe it might be best if the yes campaign did n't treat the no voters like scum of the earth . 
  that 's not how you win support - it just makes people more steadfast in their views . 
  seriously , take a step back for a second and think about what you 're doing . 
  being polite costs nothing, 
   further , support does n't need to be won , the vote will not even be close, 
  and you know this how exactly ? 
  welcome to the internet . 
  being polite costs nothing , and does n't negatively impact on anybody either on any level . 
   would you like to make a bet ? 
  not a betting man , i 'm afraid . 
  all i 'm saying is that it 's impossible to know for sure what the exact nature of the result will be . 
   if someone 's opinion on this issue can be swayed by how friendly people are to them then they really deserve no respect . 
  friendliness and politeness can serve as a bridge to help you connect with somebody . 
  once that has been achieved , it can prove much easier to engage with somebody about their views . 
  it 's like you 've never interacted with people who hold different views to you in real life . 
  and that 's kinda sad . 
   lecturing about sex, 
   on / r/4chan, 
  is this the pinnacle of your life so far ? 
  that 's the status quo on this subreddit , is it not ? 
  asexual is best sexual . 
  `` i 'm calling people bigots yet they still wo n't agree with me !, 
   implying anybody here has sex, 
  hell , i knew people i went to college with less than a decade ago who will definitely vote no . 
   if you 're arguing against someone that bases their ideas on a 2,000 year old book that says there 's a magic man in the sky , then you 're not exactly on a level playing field . 
  yes , because * all * no voters are religious / s, 
  actually , all they 're saying is that they believe marriage is between a man and a woman . 
  that 's a huge chunk of the population that you consider idiots and bigots . 
  but hey , whatever makes you feel morally superior . 
   am seriously sick of this shit floating around `` oh it 's their opinion , they 're allowed to have it '' . 
  b-o-l-l-o-c-k-s . 
  i guess we should n't bother having a vote at all then . 
  idiot . 
  so how will you react if it 's a no result ? 
  has the nation spoken or is that vote somehow invalid ? 
  to be fair , there 's nothing wrong with abstaining from something you do n't have an interest in . 
  maybe you just believe marriage is between a man and a woman . 
  that 's not my view personally , but i see nothing wrong with holding it . 
  you might just believe marriage is between a man and a woman . 
  simple as that . 
  we 're a country that 's moreso culturally catholic than religiously catholic .
