  money can override any other form of `` privilege '' . 
   physical abilities and appearance play a role too . 
  beautiful people are treated better than ugly people . 
  you 're less likely to start a fight with someone much bigger than you . 
  you empathize less with people who are less like you . 
  while this is true , money can tip the scales heavily in these cases . 
   i 'm trying to argue from the position of rationality rather than casual dismissal of people 's opinions based on assumptions such as this one . 
  you 're on / r/4chan , lad . 
  i 'm not obliged to grant you a rousing intellectual debate . 
  does n't exist . 
  at least not within the definition of it that most people use . 
  and ? 
  i 'm not interested in engaging in some sjw debate just because i made a statement on / r/4chan that you do n't agree with . 
  are you commenting on absolutely everything i say in this thread ? 
  because god forbid somebody might like the person they are !, 
  sjw pls leave . 
  somebody got blue pilled ... 
   i 'd appreciate you to not overuse the word `` sjw '' in a stereotypical way . 
  one has to be a w to be an sjw . 
  you 're views correspond with those of an sjw - what else am i meant to assume ? 
  i did n't think you were an sjw because of your approach , but rather because of your views . 
  is being a white knight not the ultimate form of cuckoldry though ? 
   you know very little of my views . 
  i know quite a bit about your views on privilege as you 've outlined so far . 
   charity , please . 
  where do you think you are ? 
  i do n't feel like a victim , nor do i want to feel like one . 
   why would it matter ? 
  principle of charity is a basic thing . 
  everything is contextual , lad . 
  not american and not a teenager . 
  and i never once claimed that my life was hard . 
  ca n't believe i 'm getting this sort of shit thrown at me in / r/4chan of all places . 
  then again , this * is * still reddit ... 
  is sjw gon na become like lgbt and get a whole load of random letters thrown on at the end ? 
  what 's your angle here though ? 
  what about the word `` lad '' is autistic ? 
  it 's a very common word where i 'm from . 
  now `` lmfao '' on the other hand ... 
  also , since when does not an sjw = autism ? 
  ac2 was one of the few games where i did n't mind hunting for the collectibles because there was actually challenge in figuring out how to get to many of them . 
  that and the fact that it remains 1 of 2 games that forced me to print off a map from the internet . 
  i used to be good at halo 3 too , but then i spent too much time playing halo reach and halo 4 . 
  therefore when i went back to halo 3 around the time it was free on gwg , i was so shit it was actually sorta funny . 
  put too much time into that - far more than i 'm willing to admit . 
  assassinated the elite a grand total of 3 times , but no achievement . 
  i and many others are convinced it 's glitched , but bungie has long denied it . 
  you 're missing out . 
  it has a really good campaign ( for a battlefield game ) . 
  thing is , i 've landed the assassination 3 times , but still have n't got the achievement . 
  pull harder !, 
  from titanfall . 
  last achievement i 've left to get in the game , but i 'm really shit with the railgun so it 's never gon na happen . 
  i do n't mind being called retarded if i 'm actually saying something that * is * retarded . 
  but all i see is sjws calling me retarded because my views do n't toe their arbitrary lines . 
   actually i think having your wife boink other dudes instead of you is the ultimate form of cuckoldry , but what the fuck do i know ? 
  that 's gay . 
  only by sjw standards , and they do n't count . 
   you saying it does n't make it so, 
  i could say the same about you calling me retarded . 
  what a time to be alive . 
  not really because that doesnt affect me . 
  i 'm from ireland and i did n't even vote in the marriage equality referendum . 
  may i ask though , why is somebody like you on / r/4chan ? 
  but the multiplayer community for the game on 360 is pretty dead now . 
  changing the definition of words to suit your agenda - classic sjw behaviour . 
  affirmative action is bullshit and could be accurately described as discrimination . 
   uh , this is r/technology, 
  oh right , sorry . 
  i was involved in an eerily similar discussion over there yesterday and assumed your reply was from that thread . 
   so because gay marriage does n't affect you personally it is n't a win for social justice ? 
  that 's not what i was denying - i was denying that i was mad about it . 
   i got called an `` sjw '' for mentioning i was going to see a film with my boyfriend . 
  by evening mentioning i was gay , this is a perceived transgression . 
  i 've been called an `` sjw '' for talking about income equality an the 1 percent . 
  y ` see , i would n't consider any of that sjw behaviour . 
  i 'll openly admit the term has been completely misappropriated in recent years , but as somebody who was around during the early days of it 's use , i do n't believe i personally misuse it . 
  very good point - had n't considered that . 
  i 'd like to see them try and stop me walking right in there . 
  i do n't even have an interest in coding . 
  now i feel conflicted ... 
   but not excluding men who accompany a woman . 
  but why should n't a man be allowed turn up unaccompanied if he is interested in coding ? 
  and that 's sexism . 
  as op said , imagine if it were the other way around . 
   i guess maybe women coders get a bit annoyed at every event being a compete sausage fest, 
  oh the oppression !, 
  are the men restricting the access of women to the mainstream events ? 
  you 're missing your '' / s '' . 
  that place has changed so much in recent years . 
   secondly , if the man does not want a child , they should be using a condom for sex , or other form of contraception such as a vasectomy in the long term . 
  could the same not be said about women ? 
  i believe people should n't be restricted from attending events based on gender/sex . 
  does that make me a sexist ? 
  how so ? 
  i only ever see you post about abortion-related things on this subreddit . 
  not really , no . 
  well said . 
  really weird downvoting patterns in this comments section , but then again , very little surprises me about / r/ireland these days . 
  where they barred women from attending unless accompanied by a man ?
