  jesus christ lad , did i really trigger you that much with my mean words ? 
  well , if you say so ... 
  well , i 've been to cork and there 's a chronic housing shortage there too . 
  i should have been more considerate . 
  i did n't even ask you for your preferred pronouns . 
  maybe ? 
  i dunno about that , friendo . 
  why would somebody imply something so mean ? 
   multiculturalism is something that should be embraced , not feared . 
  why ? 
  because leftists tell us it is ? 
   simply having a `` no foreigners '' policy is n't going to solve anything in the long run . 
  if you have a sustainable population , it sure as hell is n't gon na cause any problems though . 
   lastly the troubles had more than it 's fair share of civilian casualties . 
  what was the omagh bomb other than fanatics hitting soft targets ? 
  as for the likes of isis the idea of a holy war is nothing more than a excuse , it 's certainly not the reason . 
  for the last time , comparing the terrorism during the troubles to the terrorism isis is experiencing today . 
  isis have no real political goal - they just want to kill as many westerners as possible and will do so by any means necessary . 
  even at their worst , the ira and the like were nowhere near that out of control . 
  linux is for normies now . 
  threatening to kill the cat was a step too far . 
  the cat did nothing wrong and probably suffers a lot already from living in a household like that . 
  thanks for that . 
  finally got around to testing it out tonight . 
  i was able to get the basic copy working just as you described , but i was n't able to get the '' / log + : `` c : \\ logs \\ backup '' part to work . 
  it 's refusing the run the command line when that part was included . 
  i do n't think i need it though because the command window already provides a decent summary of the copied files upon completion . 
  imagination has little to do with it . 
  you need hard evidence to back up such claims . 
  that 's not what i 'm seeing for the most part . 
  you 're calling people who you ca n't know are racist `` racists '' . 
  are you not seeing the problem with that ? 
  ill give it a shot , but it 's not really a priority . 
  one small question ; in the summary of my copied files , they are broken down into `` dirs '' and `` files '' . 
  does dirs refer to `` directories '' ? 
   people who believe in simpleton ideologies such as racism are racists, 
  but you 're branding people in this thread as racists often when there is no evidence to suggest that they are . 
  i suppose they do . 
   off you go imaginer ... 
  hard evidence of what ? 
  i was n't the one accusing people of brigading - that was you . 
   your r/european circlejerk for idiots is pretty hive-mindy . 
  you accused a guy of being from / r/europe ( i.e. 
  a racist ) even though there is no evidence from his posting history to support that assertion . 
  again , i 'm not making any claims that require backing up . 
  would you kindly get that through your thick skull ? 
  and ? 
  so what if they do ? 
  is the fear of losing your job not a legitimate concern regardless of where you work ? 
   you do n't get a special pas because you 're white . 
  nobody said anything about race , friendo . 
  you made it about race , not i. 
  might you be a * racist ? 
  what claims have i made ? 
   maybe you deleted it . 
  i 'm not the guy i was referring to . 
  also , it sounds like your grasping at straws . 
  hard to take my dole when i ai n't on it . 
  btw , your assertion that only unemployed people would be opposed to immigration is pretty classist . 
  makes sense . 
  thanks again . 
   though i 'm fairly sure you 're on the dole . 
  come on . 
  evidence to support that claim ? 
  wow , that * is * circumstantial . 
  but hey , if painting people who have opposing views to your own in a bad light helps you sleep at night , knock yourself out . 
  also worth noting that i have n't said anything in this entire thread that could be construed as racist ( nor in my entire posting history ) , but do n't let that stop you . 
   okay then , what 's `` the situation '' in europe and how is it `` as bad as it is now '' . 
  the islamic terrorism . 
  i ca n't see how that can be construed as anything but `` bad '' . 
  yes , but now we replaced war with the eurovision and sport . 
  can you get the latest transit in rwd like the older models , or is it just fwd or awd ? 
  it 's slow , cramped , and often smelly though . 
  i 'll take iarnr\u00f3id \u00c9ireann 's more expensive , shabby carriages in exchange for the ability to get up and stretch my feet and use a working toilet any day . 
  source ? 
   the cargo transits are rwd apparently, 
  nice . 
  i 'm willing to bet that most the people complaining about this crop are viewing it on a mobile device like the filthy normies they are . 
  it 's fine on pc . 
  that would be a normie concern . 
   i really only did n't like it because all stormtroopers were clones of jango fett, 
  not true . 
  all clone troopers from the prequel trilogy were indeed clones of jango fett , but by the time a new hope rolled around most the clones were dead or aged , so the forces were supplemented with conscripts and volunteers . 
  oh , do n't act so high and mighty . 
  you 're so convinced that your way of life is right that you actually get annoyed by the mere existence of people who live their lives in a different way . 
  and the funny thing is , this probably stems from a deep-seated insecurity that your way of life might not be the best after all . 
  i have a job - i even like what my job involves . 
  but i hate having to work 40 hours a week . 
   any time people complain about dublin getting an unfair advantage playing at home all the time, 
  i thought that had been recently changed ? 
  dublin now * occasionally * travel for championship matches . 
   dub fans will say croke park is n't their home pitch, 
  what is their home pitch ? 
   hold me ? 
  my going rate is $ 10 an hour . 
   using beta and virgin as insults, 
  do you even know where you are ? 
  regardless , i 'm not trying to validate their existences because it is impossible to validate the existence of another person . 
  i 'm afraid that 's how american politics works , yes . 
   you think the guy who said he wants to bomb terrorists ' families is n't going to be a warmonger ?
