  like , it strikes me as more of inconvenience rather than something that would affect you mentally . 
  i just think op is being a bit hyperbolic . 
   wake up to this shjt, 
  wake up sheeple !, 
  what exactly did he do that constituted a war crime in the legal sense of the word ? 
  none of that legally constitutes a war crime . 
  there * might * be case that he launched a war without a just cause , but it would be hard to prove as it would be argued that he worked with the information he had at the time . 
  i guess it 's all subjective . 
  i ca n't get to grips with halo 5 's new aiming mechanisms after years of playing halo games with a different set-up . 
  i just do n't have the muscle memory for it and i 'm not too interested in relearning it . 
  i think i 'll stay with halo reach for now . 
  thanks for the tip !, 
  hey !, 
  i resent that . 
  me and old / u/genron1111 are like chalk and cheese , yet he still has a +120 upvote count from me . 
  jesus christ man , you sure do hold a grudge . 
  huh . 
  well , i 'm glad i was away for the past couple of days . 
  i have no clue and relatively little interest in whatever clusterfuck happened here over the past 24 hours . 
  is not having a girlfriend really the end of the world for some people ? 
  fair enough then . 
  that 's a very old picture . 
  yes . 
   you , me , everyone has unbelievable untapped potential, 
  yeah , i know for a fact that i do n't . 
  i 'm past my prime and i 'm only in my late 20 's . 
   but i think the point of anime ( especially for non-japanese individuals who actually have spare time ) is to inspire and motivate people to pursue the things they think will better the world . 
  i 'll be honest , almost every other anime fan i talk to says they largely watch anime for escapism . 
  nice pep talk , but you 're a bit idealistic for my liking . 
  get back to me when life has chewed you up a bit . 
   i 'll tell you !, 
  its because he knows he looks weak af and so he wears the cool mask with voice altercations so that he might be as bad ass as he thinks he is . 
  to be fair , that 's what any of us would do in his position . 
  i think he was intentionally made appear weak and then survived the first movie to come back stronger and more committed in the sequels, 
  your life circumstances were undoubtedly quite different to my own . 
  what about the entirety of eastern europe ? 
  poland in particular . 
  if a bmw is n't classy , what is ? 
  genuine question . 
  is that not more of an issue with the driver than the actual car ? 
  a better life funded by somebody else though ? 
  also , you can be accepting of legitimate refugees but opposed to economic migrants . 
  this is n't a black and white issue . 
   making fun of right-wing ` people ', 
  do you not consider right wingers to be human ? 
  people with different reasons for being in the boats in the first place . 
  economy is improving . 
  yet people will still get their hopes up like they do every year . 
  yes it is . 
  well i strongly disagree , but each to their own . 
  did i say they should n't be rescued ? 
  i barely follow tb any more , but christ he can be such a drama queen at times . 
  i 'm all for rescuing them . 
  just send the non-refugees back once they 've been determined to be economic migrants . 
  clear enough ? 
   obviously part of an agenda . 
  nice tin foil hat you have there . 
   no , i consider most of reddit 's right-wingers to be paid advocates , acting as a service , not as people with their own opinions or rationale . 
  you could say the same about a lot of reddit 's rabid left-wingers . 
  there 's no evidence to back up either accusation . 
  also , i 'm right wing and know better than to engage in discussion about sinn f\u00e9in on / r/ireland, 
   at least have the balls to stick to your guns . 
  i am . 
   we know what you were getting at . 
  if you 're so smart , what was i getting at then ? 
   watching r movies with the fam ai n't nothing but a g thang . 
  speak like a normal person , please . 
  i 'm almost 30 and i 've never even said the word `` sex '' around my parents , let alone watched a movie with sex in it . 
  then again , i do n't tend to watch very many movies with my parents as i do n't live at home . 
   the awkwardness from a sex scene in a movie comes from the parents sex shaming their children . 
  that 's one hell of a generalisation to make . 
  that does n't make the way you were brought up right and alternative methods wrong . 
  i personally find the idea of `` sex-positive parenting '' to be abhorrent . 
  what you 're looking for are trigger warnings , right ? 
   it 's sex . 
  yes - yes it is . 
  what has been said so far by the top commenters is all accurate and true . 
  but if you want a bit more contextual perspective on why it 's happening right now ; 4chan started to hate john oliver about 6 months ago for the same reasons outlined by the top comments ( throw in a bit of anti-liberal sentiment too ) , and now it 's filtering down into reddit . 
  that trickle-down effect can be seen with many internet trends . 
  and ? 
  if there were trigger warnings attached to movies for every possible thing that might make an individual feel uncomfortable , reading them all would take longer than actually watching the movie itself . 
  ah sure , it 's not the end of the world . 
  seriously though , / r/ireland 's liberal-types have been a bit obsessed with blaming all right-wing sentiment regarding immigration on / r/european lately . 
  yeah , the rifles in particular look like they were drawn by a child . 
   you were a bigot before it was cool . 
  ah , the return of ireland 's favourite buzzword and means of shutting down opinions that go against the hivemind ( i.e. 
  right wing ones ) . 
  er , you do realise that edna is from mayo , right ? 
  aw , i had hoped you were being sarcastic ... 
  that 's a very liberal mindset you have there , buddy . 
  an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind . 
  you should n't be banned for using words perceived by some to be offensive when other `` offensive '' words are perfectly fine to use . 
   ca n't handle the truth, 
   who does n't represent all women at all, 
  no true scotsman . 
  all i 'm saying is that it 's stupid to allow some `` offensive '' words and ban others . 
  why ? 
  i see nothing to be gained from it . 
   and what business is that of yours ? 
  it 's my business if the state is going to allow for the murder of unborn children in order to facilitate promiscuity .
