  he 's considerably less interventionist than hillary . 
  hillary is often described as a `` warhawk '' for good reason . 
   you 're out of your mind if you think that moronic egomaniac would make a better president than clinton . 
  you do n't know much about hillary 's past escapades , do you ? 
  i used to be like you , but the consistency of stuffing just varies far too much from deli to deli . 
  i just stick with cheese and mayo unless i know the stuffing is good . 
  i will never understand people like you . 
  is it just this year that rt\u00c9 started sticking that news bulletin during half time of the second match ? 
  i do n't remember it being there in previous years and it 's really annoying . 
   `` apple also cooperated with us authorities , according to the complaint filed , showing that the tech giant handed over information to the government after vaulin 's ip address , used in an itunes transaction , was cross-referenced with access to his facebook account . '', 
  that seems to fly in the face of what apple were fighting for during the fbi decryption debacle a few months ago . 
  i wish !, 
  anybody with an iota of common sense would realise that abandoning syria to its fate now would be a bad idea . 
  trump does n't want to start new conflicts for america to entangle itself in , but as he as referred to in the past , abandoning syria now would create an environment similar to that in iraq after the americans pulled out - only this time isis would already be established and there are greater powers in play . 
   apple were willing to decrypt it for them, 
  i thought apple refused to decrypt the phone ? 
  huh , thanks for that . 
  i did n't pay too much attention to the debacle when it was playing out , but i could of sworn that apple had the ability to decrypt any apple device but had refused to do so . 
  being a gaa analyst on rt\u00c9 pays * that * well ? 
  til . 
  thanks again . 
  when are people going to realise that this smug , holier-than-thou method of trying to `` persuade '' people to support your cause only further entrenches the opposition in their views ? 
  it 's contaminating politics at an alarming rate . 
  you 're failing to understand that tone is very important when you 're trying to persuade somebody to support your cause . 
  if you come off as self-righteous and smug , no matter how valid your argument is , people are n't gon na listen . 
  it 's just human nature . 
   but when the issue is as important as a human right such as bodily integrity/autonomy , do you think it 's unreasonable for those fighting for it to get slightly agitated when people wo n't come around ? 
  being dismissive of opposing opinions when they are held by a large demographic of the population is a recipe for heightening tensions and further division . 
  trump 's success is a prime example of this in action . 
  not to mention that the people on the other side of the abortion debate see the right to life as more important than bodily integrity/autonomy , so would you agree that they too should they be getting `` slightly agitated when people wo n't come around '' ? 
   the word ` demand ' in particular suggests an aversion to women being able to control their bodies and being in general power over their own rights . 
  women need to accept that they occupy a unique biological niche . 
  when carrying a fetus , it 's not just their life that 's in play . 
  killing the fetus in cases of rape , incest , risk to the mother 's life , or severe quality of life issues for the child is all justifiable as far as i 'm concerned . 
  but straight up ending a life/life in development for any other reason just does n't sit well with me , and no amount of smug campaigning from the pro-choice side will convince me otherwise . 
  i 'm only in favour of repealing it if i know exactly what is planned to replace it . 
   the anti-choice campaign is not a large demographic of the population . 
  here is recent analysis of a survey amnesty conducted back in march, 
  yet the demographic is n't so small that it can just be dismissed , which is my point . 
  also , in this particular matter , i would n't consider amnesty to be an unbiased source . 
   the anti-choice lobby see the right to life of the unborn as more important, 
  bit of a blanket statement . 
  i 'd be leaning towards the pro-life side of things , but if a mother 's life is at medical risk during pregnancy , her life should always take priority . 
   furthermore , the people who are running the pro-choice campaign , from the grassroots to the policy level , are majority women . 
  it is their rights that are being denied . 
  the laws are directly affecting them . 
  saying that only women should have a say in the abortion debate is dangerously undemocratic and incredibly dismissive to the rights of fathers . 
   i 'm sure you 've seen anti-choice parades that are littered with middle aged men who ca n't actually carry a child but still feel the need to tell women what to do with their bodies . 
  people have opinions on a contentious issue and want to express those opinions - the horror !, 
  stop being sexist . 
  because i ca n't morally condone a life/life in development being ended for reasons like that . 
  i just ca n't . 
  sometimes i wish i could but that 's just how i am . 
  people have to accept that abortion is an emotive and moral issue far more than almost anything else in our constitution . 
  i do n't think what i was saying was smug in the slightest - i would be acutely aware of it if it was . 
  and demanding ? 
  it 's merely a statement of fact , yet is frequently ignored . 
   so what 's your issue with the pro-choice campaign ? 
  their tone ? 
  why would their tone bother you if you already agree with the majority of their platform ? 
  it seems like you just want to have a pop for the sake of it , constructive . 
  you 're failing to understand that tone is very important when you 're trying to persuade somebody to support your cause . 
  if you come off as self-righteous and smug , no matter how valid your argument is , people are n't gon na listen . 
  it 's just human nature . 
  regardless , the biggest obstacle for me supporting the pro-choice campaign is that every single pro-choice person i have met in real life supports abortion on demand . 
  i do n't want to walk under the same banner as those people . 
  ironically pro-life people tend to be more accepting of my views . 
   how am i being sexist ? 
  you were being sexist by implying that abortion is an issue that men should n't be allowed to have a say in . 
   but i think it 's a family issue , not a women 's issue, 
  very well said . 
  you actually touched on a side of the argument i had never considered myself . 
  i can see why your point of view would garner you a lot of hate - i get the same sort of hate from the pro-choice side for my opinions . 
  but a lot of that hate comes from arrogance and self-righteousness , so i actually find it quite easy to ignore . 
  but as i said in another comment , only if i know what it will be replaced by in advance . 
  you 're gon na have to explain to me how an abortion and vasectomy are even remotely comparable . 
  the obvious female equivalent of a vasectomy is getting your tubes tied . 
   it 's the only comparison to be had since men do n't get pregnant, 
  there is no comparison , because as i said in another comment , women occupy a unique biological niche . 
   but he has a vascectomy she has no say, 
  not that it 's relevant , but in america i believe a wife has a certain amount of legal input on the matter . 
   if a woman is in a relationship with a man and he wants kids why does he get a say over whether she carries on an unwanted pregnancy ? 
  because unlike abortion , if he has a vasectomy only his body is affected . 
  he is not carrying another organism . 
  but i 'm not getting into this debate because as i 've outlined , vasectomies and abortions are n't even remotely comparable . 
  not really . 
  the sperm is merely a component part . 
  alone it is nothing but a cell/cells . 
  just like an unfertilised egg alone ca n't be considered life/potential life/life in development . 
  i 've always found the sperm argument put forward by the pro-choice side to be particularly weak . 
  as i outlined below , abortion is a moral and emotive issue . 
  if a woman has been raped i think it would be abhorrent to force her to carry the child of her rapist to term . 
  the sexual act that conceived the child was n't consensual ; the victim did not have the opportunity to consent to the risks that all sexual intercourse entails , including pregnancy . 
  as for incest , i 'm admittedly a bit on the fence in this regard . 
  the cases whereby incest would n't be superseded by rape as the justification for an abortion would be very rare . 
  and if the incestuous sex is consensual , well then both parties acknowledged the risks . 
  however , there could be serious quality of life issues for the child if it was to be carried to term . 
  it 's admittedly a tough one . 
  the cases where it would be applicable are thankfully rare though . 
  as far as i 'm concerned contraception is a done deal in ireland .
