  yes , because tipperary is the only place in the country that has ever elected a crooked politician . 
  i can smell your superiority complex from here . 
   there should be an actual law against it . 
  that would never work . 
  politicians are n't under oath on the campaign trail for one thing . 
  and most the time you know that they 're spewing bullshit anyway , so why should one election promise be illegal to break and all others perfectly legal ? 
   it would ( theoretically ) bring more honesty into irish politics by distinguishing between legitimate promises and empty electioneering . 
  but who gets to legally define the difference between an election statement and an election promise ? 
  from a legal standpoint , it would be almost impossible to implement . 
  manifesto promises are broken just as often as election statements anyway . 
   when i 'm in power tipperary is fucked, 
  well , good things there 's no chance of that happening . 
  but punishing people for their political choices ? 
  that 's not evil at all . 
  to be fair , he did a lot of work behind the scenes to facilitate the good friday agreement . 
  well , lobbing rockets at israel certainly is n't making their plight any better . 
  escapism . 
   its no less right for them to lie than it is for you to completely discredit a legitimate issue . 
   legitimate issue, 
  wait , why do you think we 're posh ? 
   anime goes well beyond cute schoolgirls doing cute things, 
  hold up - are you implying that girls und panzer * is n't * the pinnacle of modern anime ? 
  it 's a weird situation when you feel more sympathy for the employer than the workers . 
  those luas drivers are some shower of entitled bastards . 
  i 'd love for transdev to fire the lot of them and hire in contractors until they can train a new team of drivers . 
  wuz, 
   and what do you have against the `` freedom to be hos '' ? 
  `` freedom to be hos '' is n't the same as `` freedom from criticism for being hos '' . 
  if you think being a `` ho '' is wrong for some reason , you 'll find plenty to criticise . 
  refusing to speak to them because their demands are ridiculous and unyielding is only reasonable . 
   video games are not a hobby, 
  what 's the logic behind this ? 
  teachers during the croke park/haddington road agreements . 
   they lowered their demands but transdev now refuses to speak to them . 
  their demands are still ridiculous . 
  i 'd consider it * yielding * when they lower their demands to a level that 's not ridiculous . 
   it 's not a valid viewpoint . 
  according to who ? 
   world war iii will almost certainly result in a nuclear exchange and absolutely 0 edgelords will keep their old desire of wanting chaos after they see their surroundings turn into a more realistic hell then they could have ever imagined beforehand . 
  well that 's because they 'd be dead . 
   this is about 15-21 % increase over the 5 years . 
  break it down like that and it starts to get a lot more reasonable , and the unions position at the start seems a lot more considered . 
  * more * reasonable , sure . 
  it 's still very high considering what they 're already earning and the skill level of the job . 
  they 'd be the highest paid tram drivers in europe ( and not by a small margin from what i 've read ) . 
  regardless , the 3 other grades are obviously making requests that transdev can negotiate on . 
  the claim that drivers are currently making as a starting point for negotiations must be considerably more substantial than that for transdev to straight up refuse to negotiate on it . 
  transdev has nothing to gain by refusing to negotiate so they would only refuse to do so if they did n't think they could get the pay claim down to a reasonable level in negotiations . 
  yes , but that was predominantly fuelled by the building sector , which seems to be doing sweet fuck all at the moment considering the housing shortage in our major urban areas . 
  additionally , you have to consider that we were starting from significantly depleted gnp/gdp figures during the recession , so any growth is gon na be amplified . 
  comparatively china and india are economies that sustained high output right throughout the global recession and are only now starting to peak out due to a combination of global and domestic issues , hence why their growth rates are n't as high as they used to be . 
  all in all , i would n't be necessarily concerned about these current growth figures , but ensuring that this growth remains sustainable should be a top priority going forward . 
   they might be well paid , but the cost of living in dublin is also ridiculously high with rents and property . 
  this is probably the most valid point , but i still think their current salaries are more than adequate for living in dublin . 
  and if this really was the crux of the issue , surely they could have made their intial pay claim a bit more reasonable instead of trying to achieve parity with train drivers ? 
  there 's people with 3rd level degrees living in the capital earning far less than what the luas drivers are currently making . 
   there 's no job progression as a luas driver , you ca n't get a promotion to head luas driver , which also impacts pay . 
  finally , they do n't really have any alternatives for other employment . 
  all the more reason they should n't be endangering their jobs with ridiculous pay claims . 
   additionally , they do n't realise that luas workers , not just drivers , are on strike , the entire company in fact , which leads me to believe that transdev are n't as morally right in all this as the majority of the public think . 
  but `` positive negotiations '' are ongoing with the other grades , so i fail to see your point . 
   that 's laughably naive , and indicative of the attitude i 'm talking about . 
  think about it though ; for every day of industrial action , transdev loses money . 
  sure , the drivers acting like a shower of entitled pricks is garnering the company some public support , but unless they fire all the drivers and replace them with ones who will work for the current wages , what does transdev have to gain from the current situation ? 
  people who intentionally make the jobs of others more difficult/miserable are scum , regardless of age . 
  like , i was n't exactly a model student at school , but i could never understand why some students often went out of their way to make the lives of their teachers more difficult . 
   this is how millennials talk, 
  underage detected . 
  i would never deny that i 've wasted almost every minute of my life . 
  i do n't believe society should endorse slutty behaviour . 
  there is nothing to be gained from it and it just furthers the moral decline of society . 
   do you see sex for fun to be evil ? 
  evil , no . 
  a sign of loose morals and a lack of self control , yes . 
   what harm does it cause ? 
  something does n't have to necessarily cause harm for one to be able to dislike it . 
  that said , casual sex can have many negative knock-on effects , such as unwanted pregnancies . 
  this is all moot anyway - there 's nothing that can be done to stop people like me criticising others for `` acting like hos '' . 
  no matter how much modern `` progressive '' society tries to convince us otherwise . 
  he was able to say that on / co / and did n't get banned ? 
  the downvotes you 're receiving highlights just how many plebeians there are in / r/anime, 
  it has spread to almost every board now . 
   sure , though some states could give your western areas a run for your money . 
  that 's like 1 % of the total area of india . 
   despite coming from absolutely no where and having no name recognition among blacks the moment a sanders supporter suggests voting for bernie they 're automatically accused of being an elitist know-it-all . 
  maybe if you guys stopped acting like elitist know-it-alls , we 'd stop labeling you as such . 
   meet people, 
  but i 'm surrounded by normies . 
  without outlining what the individual is supposedly ignoring , that 's a very weak statement . 
   implying clinton supporters are much better than sanders supporters, 
   not all of us value money and work over everything . 
  everything else is irrelevant in the grand scheme of things . 
   maybe if white people were n't responsible for everything bad in history you could reconcile with your guilt . 
  well that 's just plain wrong . 
   even / pol / , the most vile and racist place around, 
  liberal detected . 
  fair enough . 
  been a lot of bernie supporter incursions here lately so it can be hard to tell . 
   would you call a social worker a failure just because they make a tiny salary ? 
  i would value them based on their work , which falls within the context of what i said already .
