  ** edit : ** i 'm not saying that there are n't any other sjw mods on 4chan at present , but / co / is the only case where there has been clear evidence of sjw mod activity . 
   hell / a / seemed to get a little better for a while . 
  / a / 's popularity is sort of untouchable though . 
  the rest of 4chan could die but / a / would march on , such is its importance in the english-speaking anime community . 
  i legitimately considered saying that but could n't bring myself to do it . 
  wait , the dog talks ? 
  yes . 
  i doubt that was op 's angle too . 
  but as a pr shot , it does feel a bit * lacking * in some capacity i ca n't quite put my finger on . 
  maybe it 's just the poses ... 
  yes . 
  your experience with comedy must be a very different one to my own . 
  granted , there are very few comedians that i would actually call myself a fan of , but there is still plenty of good comedy out there . 
  but like with music or movies , unless you 're willing to settle for the lowest common denominator stuff , you have to put some effort into finding the content you like . 
   nothing is more bland than irish food . 
  eating * ethnic * food would be categorised as `` having notions '' in ireland . 
  it 's definitely one of the faster moving boards on 4chan . 
  maybe not the fastest ( / v / and / tv / would definitely see more activity ) , but the advantage / a / has is its importance in the english-speaking anime community . 
  / a / has virtually no rivals of equal calibre when it comes to anime discussion and defining western anime fan culture . 
  you very clearly have a anti-gamergate and/or a sjw angle on things if you believe that to be the objective truth about the whole debacle . 
  that 's what happens when you put a mod who has views the majority of the userbase dislikes in charge . 
  i 'm not too familiar with / co / myself , but it genuinely would n't surprise me if that was the case . 
  there bizarrely seems to be a significant amount of cross-over these days between sjws and comic book fans . 
  the western anime fandom also has a growing demographic of sjw types ( just look at / r/anime for example ) , but / a / is somehow able to keep them suppressed . 
   the expats in japan are mostly old guys or guys who are desperately trying to turn into those old guys . 
  would you mind elaborating on this detail a small bit ? 
  thanks very much for the info . 
  in your experience , would there be many irish ex-pats living in japan long-term ? 
   but it 's objective truth that what i said is the origins of the whole thing . 
  no it 's not . 
  there may be elements of truth to it , but even as somebody who never really had any interest in the gamergate debacle , it 's clear that there is bias in your description . 
  really ? 
  it 's ages since i 've been on / tv / , but i always remember it being consistently fast as opposed to the rapid series of lulls and spikes in activity that / a / experiences . 
  what a lovely exchange . 
  he 's not wrong though . 
  norwegians actually leave norway ? 
  oh how sheltered you are ... 
  well that should have been clear from the start - which is funny because , as i said , i 've never picked a side in the gamergate debacle . 
  i 'm speaking as an outside observer who just frequents some of the websites where gamergate activity was at its highest during its prime . 
  ca n't stump . 
  surely you realise that constantinople would be better off in european hands ? 
  so we should self-blame ? 
  and it 's not like there 's nothing more that can be done to keep these extremists from coming over here and bombing us . 
  but there will always be those who stand in the way of such measures being implemented for reasons that pale in significance to protecting the lives of our own citizens . 
  currently europe clearly ca n't prevent extremists from coming to the continent , so the obvious solution is to lock down immigration until europe can filter out such extremists effectively . 
  look , i 'm not going to debate the morality of bombing the middle east , but europe should be advanced and organised enough to have the required capability to bomb the middle east * and * protect its own citizens ( if required ) . 
   okay , let 's hear it then : without making any presumptions about who the terrorist attackers are , other than that they speak arabic and are presumably muslim , what should we have done ? 
  specifically , that could n't also apply to jews ( banning religions ) or south africans ( banning high-risk demographics ) . 
  simple : until european immigration policies can be made fit for purpose , some form of lock down on immigration should be put in place . 
  and yes , an element of such a lock down could be the banning of high-risk demographics until we can effectively filter out the extremists ( which we clearly ca n't do now ) . 
  we clearly need more than border checks . 
  also , blame for the existence of zealots ca n't be solely placed on the west . 
  there are internal elements too within these demographics . 
   okay , so rather than banning certain demographics from entering the country , you want to ban ... everyone from entering the country . 
  why would that be unfeasible as a temporary measure ? 
  also , i 'm talking about immigration from outside of europe . 
  i do n't think any member state would want to restrict the freedom of movement within the eu for any extended period of time . 
  uh , even the belgian government even expected this to happen ? 
  are they all islamophobes too ? 
  you 're a bit obsessed with them bombs falling on the middle east , lad . 
   you have no idea what the attackers ' backgrounds are, 
  yet by what religion had they been radicalised and what ethnicity where they ? 
  in this cosmopolitan age , the nationality is only one element of identification in situations like this . 
   none of that is going to happen . 
  but why should n't it ? 
  it would be more effective * right now * than any other policy that could be implemented . 
  look , i 'm just gon na come out and say it ; sometimes those bombs need to be dropped . 
  isis filled a power gap left by western intervention , yes . 
  but how the hell are you supposed to combat them ? 
  ask them nicely ? 
  nothing else will have any significant effect on isis targeting europe right now . 
  sure , it wo n't have any effect on the resident terrorists , but it would at least stem the flow coming from outside the eu . 
   the paris attackers were french and belgian nationals , stopping immigration from outside europe would do nothing to stop homegrown attacks . 
  that is the unfortunate truth , yes - that will have to be tackled domestically . 
  but surely allowing a steady flow of people move from the isis stronghold of syria into europe is only asking for trouble ? 
  to be fair , merkel has flip flopped on the migrant issue so much in the past 2 years that i doubt anybody with an iota of sense would waste their time talking to her . 
   the root of the problem does n't lie in bombing actual threats , it lies in bombing non threats under false pretenses . 
  well on that we can agree . 
   they could stop playing ball with saudi arabia who fund the wahhabi schools that spawn these people . 
  cut the head off the snake so to speak . 
  that would definitely be a step in the right direction , but it 's not gon na happen as long as the saudis are pumping oil . 
  it 's more of an ideal solution ( and not even close to a complete solution ) . 
  i ca n't wait for the day the oil runs out in the middle east - it has caused nothing but trouble ( although oil running out would likely cause a whole host of other global issues ) . 
   it would be a huge step towards a more peaceful middle east . 
  i know , but it wo n't fix the shithole that the middle east has become . 
  not by a long shot . 
   knowing their luck some white guy will discover how to run an engine on sand and kebabs . 
  god fucking dammit , you 're probably right . 
   sexist, 
   implying, 
  ah yes , let 's roll out the quotables at a time like this - because that * really * furthers the discussion . 
  also , how would closing the eu external borders limit the freedom of eu citizens ? 
  i have met people from almost every country in europe except norway . 
  to be honest , i really do n't care what they achieve ; they go against the spirit of democracy , which is something we should really be trying to preserve in this day and age . 
  not to mention the fact that i ca n't understand why more female politicians ( and women in general ) are n't horribly insulted by the inherently condescending nature of gender quotas . 
  but ireland does n't have any big military planes . 
  why has there been an i added to the acronym now ? 
   i 'm interested in this sentiment . 
  why do you think women in general , even in recent years , have made up such a tiny proportion of elected officials or even candidates if not discrimination ? 
  i never implied that it was n't discrimination ( it 's definitely a contributing factor , but not the sole factor like many would have you believe ) - my point is that quotas are not the solution .
