  do that shit in private !, 
  nobody really wants to see people complaining on their newsfeed . 
  well , there is a reason 18 is the voting age in a lot of countries ... . 
  not sure if troll , or actually genuine ... 
  if genuine , may i ask why ? 
  how ? 
  thanks very much - i 'll give that a try when i get home . 
  what about if i physically turn it off ? 
  i assume it just switches off normally in that case ? 
  i tested it - you are correct . 
  thanks !, 
  he did n't turn up in my playthrough ... . . 
  i played the dlc straight after the sanctuary mission . 
  i did n't even come across his message videos . 
  i love the idea , when a person deserves it of course ( within reason ), 
  according to op , she was being a bitch . 
  sounds like somebody ca n't drive a manual transmission ... . 
  yeah , so i 'm gon na go ahead and * not * take career advice from the 17 year old ... . . 
  * please * tell me how all bronies are pedophiles ... . . 
  odd - i 'm a brony , yet i weight 190 pounds and last time i checked , i was n't covered in faeces . 
  i do n't appear to have any fat rolls either . 
  hmm , i fear your theory seems to be founded on false pretences . 
  oh , * well done * !!, 
  i was trying just * so * gosh damn hard to hide my bronyism !, 
  you caught me , you clever rascal !, 
  gon na justify your original statement now by any chance ? 
  in fairness , bronies are used so used to hostile comments that we do n't tend to assume people are joking unless it 's a bit more obvious - but my apologies if you were indeed joking . 
  your entire comment here is just hilarious , and semi-paranoid over-analysing at its finest . 
  you touch off one or two good points , but in general it 's just a bit silly . 
  however this :, 
   i am damn sure we are speeding up the fandom 's death by openly expressing our feelings . 
  we are speeding it up by giving a safe haven for people to leave and talk about it . 
   i am damn sure we are speeding up the fandom 's death by making them doubt themselves . 
  by making them reflect on what they are or could or will end up being . 
  this - i do n't even know how to react to this !, 
  the entire brony community views / r/bronyhate as a joke !, 
  that perplexing subreddit has no more effect on bronies than the random unaligned haters found all over the internet . 
  in fact , devoting that much time and energy to hating people who enjoy a tv show strikes many bronies as just plain stupid . 
  now , there are many things that may effect the death of the fandom , but bronyhate is not one of them . 
  in fact , i would go as far as to say that it makes the community that little bit stronger as it provides a face ( metaphorically ) for brony haters that bronies can openly ridicule and laugh at together . 
  yeah , but teenagers are ruining the site for everybody else . 
  it 's not exclusively the fault of teenagers , but a large portion of the blame lies with them . 
  true , but a large portion of the blame can be attributed to teenagers . 
  because for many of us , the only feminists we have encountered are man-haters and white-knights . 
  your last sentence aside , this is actually quite true . 
  many feminists refuse to admit that - in general - hiring women costs an employer more in the long term than hiring a man . 
  it goes against logic to assume otherwise . 
  so , in other words , check your privilege ? 
  damn i hate that phrase and sentiment !, 
  a guy , because i can urinate standing up with ease . 
  also , i do n't see a whole lot of positives about being female . 
  periods for one thing ... . . 
  what about periods ? 
  i hear they are n't very beautiful or fun . 
  well , other than give birth , i ca n't really think of many beneficial things the female body can do that the male ca n't . 
  i thought zero dark thirty was a brilliant film ( and obviously i 'm not the only one due to the critical acclaim it received ) , and i was of the opinion that it handled its contentious subject matter very well and did not descend into racism like it so very easily could have . 
  i think you 're just looking for things to get angry about . 
  i 've never even fully understood the glitch - i was under the impression that such game-altering glitches were rare and/or very hard to do on console games . 
  this is what passes for advice now ? 
  goddamn teenagers !, 
  the duck is one of the few reasons i still visit this subreddit - it 's actually been a source of decent advice in the past . 
  but i suppose it was only a matter of time before the high schoolers got their grubby hands on it . 
   personally my favourite way to eat eggs is to lightly grease a pan , and put down a piece of toast with a hole cut into it . 
  crack an egg into the toast hole . 
  flip when about 2/3 cooked with a wide spatula , taking care to keep the egg and yolk intact . 
  i tried this as my first forray into cooking eggs tonight - thank you so much !, 
  it was tricky to get right , but delicious !, 
  i 'm gon na go with `` no '' if that 's all the same to you . 
  yet the women can go to the gym whenever they please ? 
  that 's discrimination , plain and simple . 
  yeah , because * all * men are rapists ... ... 
  feminists ca n't have it both ways - women are either delicate little flowers deserving of special treatment or strong , confident individuals capable of taking care of themselves . 
  make up your mind !, 
  because there is a difference between women-only gyms and forcing men out of unisex gyms at certain hours to cater for women . 
  if you have problems working out with members of the opposite sex , go work out at a women/men only gym or shut up about it . 
  yes , because men should be inconvenienced for the sake of women . 
  yeah , if it were the other way around , feminists would be crying bloody murder . 
   when people talk about an entitlement society it 's shit like this that they 're talking about : the idea that you should be able to simply demand a business bow to your whims simply because it fits your concept of ` fair ' . 
  oh the irony !, 
  because the women demanding women-only hours are n't being entitled at all ? 
  they 're not demanding a business bow to * their * whims because it fits their concept of * fair * ? 
   you 're not being repressed . 
  if you 're just going to spout statements like this , i 'm gon na go out on a limb here and say that `` women are not being repressed '' and there 's not a thing you can do about it , yet it will have the exact same effect as what you did . 
   does n't play into your hilarious views on `` men 's rights '', 
  no rights for men - gotcha !, 
   maybe he needs to suck it up and worry about bigger shit in life than women-only hours at a fucking gym, 
  well , maybe the women need to suck it up and stop demanding women-only hours at the unisex gym ? 
  see the parallel ? 
  yeah , because * that 's * the answer ... . 
  then go to a female only gym and stop making men jump through hoops to make women feel `` comfortable '' . 
   the hours are just to make women more comfortable to be in a women only environment free of guys staring . 
  then they should go to a women-only gym . 
  or why do n't the women find another gym ? 
  because by providing gender-segregated hours at a unisex gym , you 're inconveniencing one portion of your customers for the benefit of the others . 
  true , but it still does n't take away from the fact that it 's gender-based discrimination, 
  oh please , i 'm not playing the victim - nor am i even vaguely excited that this discussion has to be had . 
  just because the balance was tipped in the favour of one gender throughout history does n't mean the right thing to do now is to tip it in the favour of the other gender . 
  that 's vengeance , and petty vengeance at that . 
   pants should please be washed at least every 3 wears !!!, 
  jeans do not need to be washed this often .
