   sanders supporters are enthusiastic , earnest , and appear to all have an iq at least somewhere around normal, 
  having popped into / r/sandersforpresident a few times , i could easily be convinced otherwise . 
  smart people do n't join cults . 
  i ca n't leave . 
  i 'm not allowed . 
  do n't be so naive . 
  ron paul ? 
  i only every really saw mass support for him on 4chan . 
   he 's also advocated to punish women who have abortions , ban all muslims from entering the us for an indeterminate amount of time, 
  both of those are defensible depending on your perspective . 
   his misogyny and racism have been clear for all to se, 
  eh , people are too quick to pull to misogyny and racism cards these days . 
   the majority of / r/ireland get 's their entire worldview from american liberal media . 
  we do ? 
  and you 're entitled to think as such . 
  saying what exactly ? 
   it should get its rightful things back . 
  yet it will never happen . 
  and that makes me happy because it will piss people like you off more and more every day . 
  stop dwelling on the past . 
  india colonises europe ? 
  the age of colonisation is over , lad . 
  you missed your chance . 
  edgy . 
  what makes you think it will happen again ? 
  also , i 'm irish and you do n't see us childishly demanding that the british return things that they stole from us . 
   it 's literally just upc . 
  then why did my average download speed drop by 75 % when virgin media took over ? 
  and not to mention the constant cut-outs . 
  things are only now getting back to normal . 
   why is it that some people just want to see their towns turn into depressing kips ? 
  it gives us something to talk about . 
   white people need to own up to making material that portrayed such negative light on others and that should be it . 
  no we do n't . 
  most the people who made those movies are dead . 
  why would n't there be ? 
   that 's what happens when you get slave labour to manufacture your munitions . 
  they start sabotaging you as best they can . 
  but the nazis did n't start using slave labour to build munitions until later in the war . 
  regardless , that particular torpedo was most likely manufactured before the war began . 
  what the luas drivers are currently earning could never be considered `` poverty wages '' . 
  he 's a bored motherfucker because he called you out on your bullshit with an informed comment ? 
  what are you - 12 years old ? 
  to be honest , i 'd rather there be one superpower rather than multiple superpowers . 
  nobody is gon na want to live in a house formerly occupied by a / b/tard . 
  the word is derived from mathematics , not mathematic . 
  get it right . 
   actually a majority of catholics in ireland support the union . 
  source ? 
  i do n't think you understand quite how abbreviations like this work . 
  the core abbreviation is math , yes . 
  but since mathematics is a plural term , you have to put the s back on the end for it to make sense . 
  mathematics is plural . 
  that 's why it 's not called mathematic . 
  i do n't think we even use the term life sciences over here . 
  ... most the places that ireland does/has done peacekeeping do n't even produce oil . 
  how many rolls of tin foil did you use to make your hat ? 
  i did . 
  i fail to see how that makes my comment irrelevant . 
   i 'd never cross a picket line no matter what it is . 
  one of my hobbies is crossing picket lines . 
  taking the night off to watch how this thread unfolds . 
  gon na be good !, 
  the savage eye has to be one of the divisive shows rt\u00c9 ever produced . 
  people either think it 's great or hate it with a passion . 
  jesus christ , were you just born yesterday ? 
  it ca n't be physically possible to be this new . 
  wait a minute - it says here that you served an apprenticeship under a meme-master that was discredited in 2006 !, 
  no wonder nobody wants to pay you for your contraband memes and poor quality shitposting . 
  huh , i wonder how a discredited meme-master ended up teaching a f\u00c1s course ... 
  suuuure . 
  a few from the other side have already caused a fuss towards the bottom of the comments section . 
  seriously though , i 've never understood why some people treat picket lines as some sort of sacrosanct institution . 
  i understand them perfectly . 
  i just do n't get the near religious reverence some people hold them in . 
  what sort of opening hours are we talking about ? 
  i do . 
   known your ijn battleships ? 
  sorry , i can only recognise ijn ships when in anime girl format . 
  seriously though , i 'd only really recognise the ones that participated in ww2 . 
  got ta love them pagonda masts . 
  we used to have county flags . 
  flairs are pointless outside of a few select subreddits . 
  / r/ireland does n't need them . 
  it 's not that there 's anything inherently wrong with them - and i 'd be fine if they made a return . 
  i just see them as rather pointless though . 
   apparently not enough to spell `` pagoda '' correctly . 
  when you have shipgirls on the brain , you do n't have time for correct spelling . 
  and it 's not like the public was exactly on their side to begin with . 
  until people find a way around your anti-adblock software like they did with forbes . 
  you have a very warped view of europe . 
  was n't aware that we had president obama in our midst . 
  well , fortunately that will never happen so it 's all good . 
  speaking purely pragmatically , why would i pay for something when i can legally get it for free with a better experience to boot ? 
   there is no human right to give you my content ? 
  no , but there 's no legal rights preventing the use of adblocking content . 
   ca n't pay , stay the fuck away . 
  that 's not going to happen - you and i both know that . 
  bertie is gon na clinch it - he 's gaining steadily . 
  ah , my mother is filling out mine for me like she has done for every census prior .
