  everything from fostering civil war amongst the sangheili to the propaganda they churned out during the human-covenant war , and even the spartan program ( it must not be forgotten than with the rise of the insurrection , the peace and prosperity of earth and her colonies was at stake ) was done with this ultimate goal in mind . 
  well , something has to be done or the halo community at large is going to become even more split between those familiar with the lore and those who are not . 
   if you really believe that all oni did during the war was a power move, 
  that 's especially illogical to believe when the oni top brass became increasingly convinced as the war progressed that humanity was doomed . 
  why bother making a power play when you and your race probably wo n't exist in a few year 's time ? 
  they 're part of the uk though , are n't they ? 
  well , that depends how you define `` winning '' . 
  the raf won the battle of britain single-handedly , sure . 
  but they could n't secure air superiority over the european continent for their bombers due to lack of long range escorts . 
  the p-47 and p-51 filled the escort role when they arrived in the european theatre . 
   ut how does fostering a civil war amongst a former enemy in a time of peace help the ultimate peace of humanity ? 
  ever heard of `` divide and conquer '' ? 
  it 's a very old military tactic designed to keep your enemies weak by splitting them along ideological , religious , ethnic , or political lines . 
   oni reasoned that it will help keep them weak in case they have decide to attack us again . 
  so what did they do ? 
  they gave a former enemy who 's strong leader respects us and wants peace , a legitimate reason to restart the war if their antics are ever discovered . 
  that 's insanity bred from paranoia . 
  that is n't a mindset pursuing peace . 
  that 's a mindset that will kill humans on other planets to improve the situation of those on earth . 
  you 're not approaching this scenario from the perspective of somebody who just witnessed their race brought to the brink of extinction . 
  it 's not natural to suddenly trust the race that had a core role in that genocidal campaign . 
  they were n't ramping up for war against, 
  i 'm sorry , but you ca n't know that long-term . 
  what we do know however is that three are still plenty of sangheili who despise humanity and would have the motive and the means to launch a new campaign against earth and her colonies . 
   best case they diminish their capacity for war . 
  worst case they hand a uniting flag to the sangheili showing them we wo n't live in peace with them . 
  this is true , but oni took a calculated risk . 
  now , i 'm not about to day that this risk wo n't backfire in their faces , but at the time it was initiated it made sense . 
  the human-sangheili alliance was flimsy at best and nobody knew whether the arbiter would be able to maintain control over the various snagheili factions . 
  divide and conquer was an appealing choice for oni in order to given humanity time to rearm and gain a military advantage over the sangheili . 
  i 'm sure many with oni saw the plan backfiring long-term , but they envisioned the plan giving them enough time to build their forces up to the point where they could defeat the sangheili . 
   oni had a delusion that the sangheili will attack eventually and acted on said delusion . 
  are you actually serious ? 
  i 'm seriously starting to question your knowledge of the halo lore if you 're calling the prospect of sangheili attacking humanity again a `` delusion '' . 
  to be fair , you can stand by the chief and still understand oni . 
  they 're not mutually exclusive . 
   implying ww2 would have been lost were it not for the usa, 
  the war in the pacific would most definitely have been lost were it not for the usa though . 
  the raf decisively won the battle of britain to be fair . 
  the luftwaffe failed to achieve any of their objectives . 
   ben 's a terrible reporter, 
  i would n't say he 's terrible , but he 's certainly nowhere near as skilled reporters such as petra . 
   the no side would have to be rigorously and relentlessly called on their nastiness . 
  is this gon na turn into another constitutional debate where the no side is portrayed as `` nasty and evil '' ? 
  let 's not start this debate again - at least until it 's actually confirmed that there 's gon na be a referendum . 
  i can see it now ; / r/ireland will become a yes circlejerk on yet another constitutional debate . 
  that 's a convenient way of squirming out of the argument . 
   `` i do n't want women to be promiscuous '' . 
  maybe he believes the same about men . 
  he did n't say anything that would imply otherwise . 
   and yet the constitution says that some cells which only has the potential to be human has the equal right to life as me . 
  ah yes , but the crux of that issue is when that bundle of cells becomes `` alive '' , is n't it ? 
  i think most people will readily admit that the * vast majority * of travellers are anti-social . 
  not all , but most . 
  that 's my experience anyway . 
  you deflected his point though by just accusing him of hating women . 
   besides which i do genuinely think his views are misogynistic . 
  well that 's a matter of opinion . 
  i disagree , but either way i do n't think accusing people of hating women is an appropriate manner of perpetuating an abortion debate . 
  god knows we 'll see enough of that horseshit if this issue ever does go to referendum . 
  says who ? 
  many would acknowledge that the case of a pregnant mother is unique . 
  in addition , * if * the fetus is alive , the fact that no human has the right to kill another comes into play . 
   and the church is founded on principles of misogyny, 
  here we go ... 
  knew it would n't be long until the church would be dragged into this . 
  the church may guide people 's opinions ( as it is entitled to do ) , but the abortion debate is even less of a religious debate than the marriage equality one . 
   but a lot of nastiness is directed at pro-choice campaigners . 
  the pro-life side gets a lot of shit from the pro-choice campaign too - especially on social media where pro-choice people tend to be dominant . 
   i also hope both sides can agree on terminology too . 
  it 's so frustrating to hear people bang on endlessly about how pro-life or pro-choice are misnomers . 
  that 's not gon na change any time soon to be fair . 
  both sides of the debate are more than adept at stripping the debate down to elements that help them best articulate their argument . 
  religion has about as much to do with it as social media . 
  a guiding force that helps people decide what stance to take on the issue . 
  it is not central to the issue itself . 
  eh , too many comments here already . 
  it would be like pissing in the ocean . 
  i 'm aware of that , but the guy i 'm responding to said ww2 , not the war in europe . 
  i think the survival of humanity justifies almost any means . 
  there 's a big difference between `` catching a few bad guys '' and being instrumental in saving humanity from extinction . 
  oni does what it does to ensure the safety and betterment of humanity as a whole . 
  you can disagree with their methods and worldview , but that fact ca n't be denied . 
  everything from fostering civil war amongst the sangheili to the propaganda they churned out during the human-covenant war , and even the spartan program ( it must not be forgotten than with the rise of the insurrection , the peace and prosperity of earth and her colonies was at stake ) was done with this ultimate goal in mind . 
  says who ? 
   i meant it like they are n't scum . 
  depends on your point of view , does it not ? 
   are you implying my 2d waifu and anime collection wo n't elevate me in life ? 
  ron paul will make anime real . 
  the suffering ends soon . 
   oh you know as well as i do that the spartans were overkill in defeating the insurrection . 
  i disagree . 
  the insurrection were using nukes on civilian targets . 
  that calls for extreme measures . 
  yeah , but i 'd prefer to live in limerick than live in waterford . 
  i like well-executed fanservice as much as the next guy , but that last nisekoi ova convinced me that there is such a thing as * too * much fanservice . 
  blasphemy , i know - but that 's the reality of the situation from where i 'm standing . 
  let 's do it !, 
  if only to watch the squirming of the / r/anime users who are insecure about their love of anime . 
   imagine watching k-on or kiniro mosaic and having a full fanservice episode .
