  hardly surprising considering that china censors the internet . 
  must be fun . 
  just like / r/atheism then . 
   the prime reason is of course national interest and that is only one of reasons . 
  but how is `` the national interest '' a legitimate justification for media censorship ? 
   but in the west as well, 
  nowhere near to the same extent . 
   sounds much better than living in medieval france tbh, 
  or even modern france . 
   4chan as a whole is probably left leaning because its audience skews young, 
  yeah , but expressing left-wing views on a lot of the non - / pol / boards will draw significant negative attention . 
  it was clear from day 1 that she was not interested in the portfolio . 
  but who is eating these mountains of sandwiches ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  better right than left . 
  imagine if 4chan was predominantly left wing given what the modern left has become - it would be worse than reddit . 
   thread, 
   there 's a difference between being a cuck and being left leaning . 
  whatever helps you sleep at night . 
  i take it you 've never in a buyfag thread on / a / in that case . 
  it would really open your eyes ... 
  for reference , the anime girl is hibiki from symphogear and no , she is not a trap . 
  electing anybody other than michael d as president would have been a crime against the irish state . 
  and i say that as somebody who did n't vote for him ( at the time i did n't think he had particularly good election campaign ) . 
  but i was quickly won over by him once he assumed office . 
  hyperbole much ? 
  yeah , would have been pretty great had they achieved their goals . 
  ah yes , laos - the country with no coastline . 
  normies need to learn . 
  anybody who defends their actions is one of them . 
   afaik , there are more yaoi lovers than yuri . 
  well , 4chan 's / u / is a better board than / y / , so we can extrapolate that yuri is therefore better than yaoi . 
  both are dead boards though . 
  you 're being downvoted , but you 're not wrong . 
  decades of female-orientated romance novels are a testament to that . 
  brilliant . 
  class clowns deserve everything they get for disrupting the learning process . 
   full-figured women of color . 
  you sure do love your euphemisms . 
   white people, 
  if you judge how interesting a person is based on how `` entertaining '' they are on a show like family feud , you have some serious issues to contend with . 
  and this is bad because ? 
  he has transcended beyond our realm of understanding . 
  it 's all true except for the anime/weebshit bit . 
  you can post pictures of anime girls on almost any board and at most a handful of autists will throw a tantrum . 
  most people accept that 4chan would n't exist if it was n't for anime and tolerate it as long as it does n't interfere with what the particular board is about . 
  a lot of the weebshit bashing is ironic too , or anons just looking to get a rise out of other anons . 
  that must have seriously stung . 
  why do girls develop such a venomous capability to be mean so young ? 
  i 'm not saying that all girls are like this , but the meanness exhibited by girls nearly always seems to be far more vicious than that perpetrated by boys . 
  t. illiterate anon who had a librarian type this out for him in a public library, 
  got my tweetdeck open with all reputable news feeds going and keeping an eye on the reddit live thread ( was also in the chat until it was invaded by what appears to be / pol / ) . 
  sky news and fox10 streams running on two different screens . 
  also following the bbc live reporting . 
  do n't be so quick to judge me on the fox10 stream by the way ; they 're the only ones streaming live uncensored coverage straight from istanbul . 
  gon na be an hour long special and they 'll have to cut out the gaa all-ireland finals coverage . 
  why do you need to turn anywhere ? 
  nah , you 're just gay . 
  we 're living in interesting times , and i do n't want to miss a detail . 
   op was probably a fat disgusting autismotron . 
  i do n't think anybody is doubting that . 
  the girl 's actions are still unnecessarily mean though . 
   i want erdogan to be prime minister and fix this broken country . 
  jesus , you 're retarded . 
  that 's frighteningly accurate . 
  i sometimes ca n't tell what 's pasta any more and what 's just retarded people being retarded . 
   not reading hentai in class, 
  you 're just wasting valuable time otherwise . 
  why would n't we be serious ? 
  are you 12 years old ? 
  was convinced that it was a waterford whispers article until i clicked on it . 
   this is depressing . 
  you mean entertaining . 
  for me it 's having to put up with all the inane bullshit that people post on facebook . 
  that and having a whole load of my personal data easily accessible in one place . 
  yeah , normies . 
  are you a normie ? 
   you can unfollow people and pages with literally 2 mouse clicks, 
  too much effort . 
   and what kind of info are you putting on fb that could n't be found on any other online account ? 
  my name , email address , and dob . 
   who knows , maybe trump 's will . 
  do n't say such horrible things about future god-emperor trump . 
  i guess the meme has become a self-fulfilling prophecy - is this a form of meme evolution ? 
   and i 'm so glad my new country then elected justin trudeau . 
  edgy liberals never fail to amuse me . 
  do you know what the verb `` to bless '' means ? 
  and i assume you know what the words `` of '' and `` the '' are used for ? 
  and you should probably know what a `` grave '' is . 
  now , draw your own conclusions . 
   not knowing what the verb `` to bless '' means, 
  are you genuinely an idiot ? 
  you do n't have to be a catholic or even religious to know what that means . 
  yeah , but us uninvolved countries will watch in comfort from the sidelines with no risk to family members . 
  they 're never gon na join the eu at this rate , and letting them join nato was a mistake . 
  bored teenager during the summer months : the post . 
  i did n't mean what i said in a negative way . 
  i just know the exact feeling that would spur such `` innovation '' during the summer months as i often felt the exact same way as a teenager ( we still had dial-up at home back then ) . 
  i 'm not american , friendo . 
  and i 'm willing to like america again , as long as they do n't elect hillary .
