  but irish people did learn english when they emigrated . 
  in fact , the majority of them already spoke english when they emigrated even in the 19th century . 
  your attempted counterpoint is retarded . 
  ... have you ever actually been to ireland ? 
  otherwise known as fiat . 
  fit it again tomorrow makes more sense . 
   fiats are spicy meatball cars, 
  would that not be alfa romeo ? 
  only if the snitches do n't cover their tracks . 
  and people say / r9k / is full of bad people ... 
  but that 's only a uk stereotype . 
  and even as stereotypes go , it 's one that has very little truth to it . 
  all my dental work is subsidised by the state . 
  ... that 's northern ireland . 
  christ , americans and their geography . 
  train wreck ? 
  oh lad , where we 're going we do n't need rails !, 
  he is right . 
  there 's not doubt about it . 
   but do n't encourage others to be less generous . 
  why not ? 
  it 's solid financial advice . 
  why are you here ? 
  cheap for not spending more than i have to on a service ? 
  sure , i 'll tip if the service is exemplary , but it would be 20 % at the very most . 
  it 's just common financial sense . 
  nothing wrong with being alone if you 're cool with it ( ca n't determine with 100 % certainty if you are or not ) . 
  the worst thing to do would be to put yourself `` out there '' just because you believe society demands it . 
  on a sidenote , throughout college i was in a similar situation to yourself . 
  the presence of close friends from secondary school robbed me of any incentive to make new connections and socialise . 
  we lived in an apartment together for 4 years and did nothing but drink , play video games , browse the internet , and attend lectures whenever there was a lecturer who took attendance . 
  we engaged in literally no college activities and actively avoided our classmates . 
  do i regret it ? 
  not in the slightest . 
  great times were had and those 3 guys are pretty much the only friends i 'm still in contact with now even though we 're scattered all over the country and beyond . 
  i 'm now in my late 20 's and at my workplace i interact with my co-workers on a professional basis only . 
  company regularly hosts social events but i just ca n't be arsed going to them . 
  now do n't get me wrong , i get along well with my co-workers , but i have no interest in getting to know them in a social capacity . 
  nor do i want to involve them in my personal life . 
  sorry for going off on a bit of a tangent . 
  i 'm sick as a dog today and ca n't sleep . 
   just because you were n't allowed have any fun when you were that age does n't mean that everyone else should have to suffer . 
  that 's one hell of an assumption to make . 
  ... christ , that 's a real shitty thing to say . 
   some neat ideas but some really dumb mechanics as well . 
  which mechanics were considered dumb in absolution ? 
  the biggest problems i had with it was that it was so linear and it accommodated all guns blazing-style tactics too much for a hitman game . 
  i enjoyed it overall though . 
   muh republican boogeyman, 
  if you have to make these sort of excuses to explain away opinions you do n't agree with , you 're as bad as the sjws . 
   problems we created ourselves by keeping an entire race in the gutter just until historically speaking recently . 
  so your argument boils down to the usual liberal angle of blaming the white man for everything ? 
  yeah , but the quota system is bullshit , so who cares ? 
   please share this post so everyone gets a chance to be heard . 
  while i agree with your point , this is n't facebook . 
   gender quotas appear to be one effective approach . 
  just because something is effective does n't make it * right * . 
  i take it you 're new around these parts , eh ? 
  no , it addresses the * effects * of the problem ( and causes a lot more knock-on effects while it 's at it ) but does n't tackle the problem at its core at all . 
   yes , it 's entirely possible for women to be sexist against women . 
  and male politicians should be punished for this * because ? 
  man , the lowest common denominator that rt\u00c9 seems to be increasingly aiming for is getting pretty damn low . 
  implying you 're any better . 
  why are you here then ? 
  well , you are at least . 
  you really do n't know what that term means , do you ? 
   america needs to fucking learn a lesson the hard way . 
  and who is gon na give them that lesson ? 
  you ? 
  you 're not serious , right ? 
  that or you 're woefully ignorant of geopolitics . 
  cod and the battlefield : bad company franchise have had some great campaigns . 
   plot twist , it 's even worse . 
  as somebody who has played bf3 but not bf4 , i struggle to believe that 's possible . 
   what if they did the sort of `` multiplayer campaign '' like what titanfall had ? 
  i loved titanfall - easily in my top 3 fps games of all time , and i 've played a lot of fps games . 
  but while it 's `` multiplayer campaign '' was an interesting idea , it just did n't work as a means of cohesively delivering a story . 
  which is a shame because titanfall actually has a rather interesting universe . 
  what went wrong in secondary school ? 
  does it though ? 
  secondary school is most people 's best chance in life to make friends . 
   `` schooldays are the best days of your life '' is honestly the biggest crock of bullshit ever forcefed to us . 
  true , but for most people it 's when you make your best friends . 
   grow a pair of balls and be yourself . 
  that 's exceptionally generic advice . 
   it 's because you want to be there, 
  not necessarily . 
  i knew quite a few people who just went to college because it was their only chance of getting a decent job - they felt obliged to go if they could . 
   bunch of assholes being forced to be there, 
  til that all secondary school students are assholes . 
   a group of like minded people who want to be there . 
  what implies that they 're like-minded by default ? 
  yeah , it only gets worse now . 
   go to college and your life will change dramatically . 
  people say this but having been to college , i do n't think it 's as true as we like to think it is . 
   most people i know are similar to this, 
  whereas most people i know are the opposite . 
  sure they have friends from college and work , but their closest friends are from secondary school . 
  my life barely changed at all when i went to college . 
  i got better at not giving a fuck about stuff , but that was about it .
