  why ? 
  i used to love when / r/anime posts got to / r/all . 
  ir definitely originated in america though , at least in its mainstream form . 
  why would anybody in their right mind ever post * anything * to / r/shitredditsays ? 
  depending on how it 's organised , i can see vindictive and petty parents taking advantage of it . 
  suuuuure it is ... 
  aw , i like it . 
  not for any religious reasons , but it gives me an extra minute to catch the news headlines . 
  should be / r/ireland 's tagline at this stage . 
  i like the ritual of it . 
  grew up in a house where my father was obsessed with getting the news headlines at 6:01 . 
  i really wish i could hear this . 
  but do people actively avoid the angelus ? 
  i timed it - it 's less than a minute long . 
  rt\u00c9 spends virtually no money on the angelus . 
  the production costs roll around maybe once a decade and i ca n't imagine they 're very high . 
  as for distribution costs - what distribution costs ? 
  it 's 1 minute long , if even that . 
   there is a loss of both potential revenue and newstime . 
  do n't make me laugh . 
  regardless , i 'd rather watch the angelus than a minute of awful ads . 
  fantastic news , but could you not get a better source than the sunday world ? 
  i fail to see how . 
  why do we have to take sides at all ? 
   sure there 's no parallels there at all . 
  why would that be relevant ? 
  historic parallels are a shitty reason to support a cause . 
  it was more of a general question rather than one aimed specifically at you to be fair . 
  sorry for the misunderstanding . 
  no , just cream . 
  more porn-related should have come up in that case . 
  more to the point , what are you tampering with in pakistan ? 
   it looks like we are a theocracy with that shit ringing every evening . 
  quit exaggerating . 
  i do n't expect to live that long . 
  how do you know ? 
  no , i think this goes beyond opinion . 
  why are historical parallels a good reason to support a cause ? 
  i disagree . 
  there 's a lot to be said for not sticking your nose where it does n't belong . 
  it 's the main reason switzerland has survived for so long . 
   to sit there and do nothing knowing this , is morally and ethically wrong exp if you have the power to stop it . 
  implying we have the power to do anything about it . 
   we 'll be skipping of to another hitler funeral if we 're not careful . 
  godwin 's law etc etc. 
  another fantastic retort from the ever-articulate / u/mj-xx, 
  you are literally this subreddit 's poster child for left wing loonies - and that 's saying a lot . 
  raining in the mind . 
  question : why do you have to be so abrasive ? 
  it does n't endear anybody to your `` cause '' . 
  not really . 
  the past is the past and much of it is n't applicable to modern geopolitics anyway . 
  i do n't follow . 
   the roman blue, 
  what 's the source on the actions of this ship ? 
  i 've never heard of it before . 
  ah right , i actually knew about the hood bit having read escalation . 
  just did n't know roman blue was the name of his ship . 
  thanks for the info . 
  i may disagree with people a lot , but i would n't consider anything i say to be abrasive . 
  politeness costs nothing . 
   it is the cost of running hundreds of televisions and multiple signal transmitters every day for decades . 
  that is not insignificant at all . 
  it is an utter waste of energy . 
  i know what distribution costs are - but 1 minute a day is n't gon na be spent better on something else . 
   either is preferable to the promotion of religion ( and news is preferable to advertisements ) . 
  in your opinion ... 
  while i 'd personally prefer more newstime , i 'd hate the idea of replacing the angelus with shitty rt\u00c9 ads . 
   you can be pedantic about it , but really it 's the same thing . 
  if it 's not the same thing , well then it 's * not * the same thing . 
  note that i did n't say anything about * forgetting * the past . 
   the only reason the ur didact makes sense in halo 4 is because of the events of silentium , with him being corrupted by a gravemind . 
  i thought it was more to do with the lack of access to the domain during his isolation ? 
   and the whole cortana being evil now was clich\u00e9 as fuck ( not to mention bad publicity for cortana in windows 10 ) . 
  glad i 'm not the only one who immediately thought of that . 
  i have read the forerunner saga , and what i was referring to is what you covered in the second half of your comment . 
  how is it sad ? 
  but the only thing that was to be proven was that women can get sex with far greater ease than men . 
  nobody said anything about love . 
  that 's just throwing a red herring into the equation . 
   do n't give me the no gender on the internet bullshit . 
  face it ; male is the default on 4chan and on the vast majority of the internet . 
  that 's not going to change any time soon . 
  however , that still does n't mean that it 's okay to bring up your gender if you 're a girl when it just is n't relevant . 
  but that 's all irrelevant - the argument usually made on the internet is that women can obtain sex with far greater ease than men . 
  love and relationships do n't factor into that particular debate . 
  how so ? 
  yes , but they 're not user-relevant on an anonymous website such as 4chan , so they may as well not exist . 
   way to scare off potential femanons . 
  fine by me . 
  what do you mean ? 
  gender is rarely if ever truly relevant on the boards i visit . 
   easily the best car all round on the road , on the planet . 
  that 's quite the unsubstantiated statement . 
   i wish they 'd add some stores over here or super charger stations . 
  why would they do that when there 's little to market for it ? 
  well considering that the roadster is little more than an electric lotus elise , the model s would want to be better . 
  quite a few in the cork area too . 
   i accidently came across the store in amsterdam and they 're like a macbook on wheels . 
  that comparison makes zero sense .
