  but the immigrants will just burrow through those , and make a profit while they 're at it . 
  why was n't that obviously underage anon banned ? 
   some women should go and beat the shit out of these fuckers . 
  that would be rather illegal , and i doubt women would be all that interested in attacking men who in return want to * attack * them, 
  i personally think you 're making a mountain out of a molehill . 
  this thing was going to pass unnoticed and fade into internet obscurity regardless . 
  still illegal and still a bad idea . 
  also , i said * women * not woman anyway . 
  they 've only ever once gone down in value . 
  safest investment in the meme marketplace . 
  what about the pepe market crash of 2015 ? 
   frankly , my personal definition of `` old '' in anime is everything from before 2013 . 
  just how fucking young are you ? 
   you know the old adage about anime fans having short memories , do n't you ? 
  ca n't say i have . 
   `` otaku have short memories '' is a pretty common saying . 
  where ? 
  i mainly hang out on / a / for anime-related stuff and i 've never once heard that phrase used in all my time there . 
  if they 're just the creeps you claim that they are , then they pose no threat to anybody . 
  that 's all well and good , but the turkish people would still be * generally * considered brown in skin colour by western european standards though . 
  but what about the plethora of normies devaluing the stock ? 
  i highly doubt they would ever follow their rhetoric up with action . 
  this is ireland - that 's not going to happen . 
  nor is it warranted . 
  so , you 're going with keyboard warrior then i take it ? 
   spraying in the face with pepper spray would presumably be acceptable though . 
  is n't that a legal grey area in ireland ? 
  that 's not the issue . 
  the normies ( for now ) never get their hands on the rares , so the value dilution of the rares were limited to the actions of those on 4chan itself ( predominantly / r9k / ) . 
  but the normies heavily devalued the stock of regular pepes , which until 2015 tended to have a lower but steadier value . 
   i used to laugh when feminists talked about rape culture because clearly nobody was insane enough to be promoting it . 
  to be fair , do the actions of a few internet nutjobs really make the concept of `` rape culture '' real as a whole ? 
   but how this is given the go ahead is beyond me . 
  freedom of speech and freedom to organise peacefully . 
   regular pepes are essentially valueless ,, 
  that 's the mistake you 're making - regular pepes * do * have value . 
  suppose the average run of the mill pepe is valued at x , and the average value of a high value pepe is x +3 . 
  if you put the value of the regular pepes at x , you are in turn devaluing the rare pepes . 
  the two types occupy the same market , albeit at different extremes . 
  hey now , the roads do n't stay fixed forever . 
  once in a generation , an esteemed local politician is called upon to undertake and uphold the mantle of `` road-fixer '' . 
  well some of the time at least . 
  many feminists tend to paint in very broad strokes when they talk about rape culture . 
   calling trump supporters cucks, 
  if you support literally any other candidate and say that , you 're being incredibly hypocritical . 
  still a better demographic than those who support bernie or shillary . 
  why would you wish harm on our future emperor ? 
   i 'm a girl btw, 
  but that 's my point - are n't self defense laws ( especially where a weapon of any sort is used ) notoriously vague ? 
  look at the username . 
  * triggered !, 
  true , but that does n't detract from the point at hand . 
   the rest of us would leave and go elsewhere . 
  that implies that there would be a `` rest of us '' outside of those 2 categories . 
  that 's not edgy at all . 
  i 'd wager that most of the regulars here have come to hate the place in the past year or so . 
  i know it 's clich\u00e9 to say that an internet community has degraded significantly since x , but / r/ireland really has gone downhill recently . 
  i should point out though that this is not a comment on the recent decision by the mods to segregate political discussion ( i 'm actually in favour of it ) . 
  you 're some tool , / u/oggie243, 
   or awkward so ... 
  surely that 's for others to decide ? 
  as for me , i 've often been accused of being contrarian on / r/ireland , so i guess i 'd be in the awkward group . 
  well , for one thing you post in / r/subredditdrama , which in the last couple of years has become a hive of absolute twats . 
  secondly , claiming that there 's drama where there is n't really any at all is stupid and childish . 
   and after a few vodkas i 'm never awkward . 
  ah sure is n't it the same for us all . 
  but i never said nor implied that * all * feminists act a certain way . 
  tumblr copypasta . 
  unless you live in europe . 
   it is akin to a warzone, 
  no it 's not . 
  quit exaggerating . 
   i 'm very excited to see it . 
  are you mentally deficient ? 
  please tell me you 're being sarcastic . 
  i 've said nothing to imply that i am , but you have . 
   karizma on oliver plunkett would be best . 
  i second that . 
  they have a huge staff of barbers there , so you 're rarely waiting . 
  some of them are exceptionally skilled too . 
  a bit pricey for a regular cut , but i think it 's worth it . 
  both for me - except i did n't buy it on a whim . 
  i 'm a long time halo fan and went to the midnight launch . 
  i had bought into the hype - i bought an xb1 solely to play halo 5 . 
  i 've never been so disappointed by a game in my life . 
  singleplayer was a slap in the face to fans of the lore , and 343i 's impressive promotional campaign for the campaign transpired to be completely misleading and irrelevant . 
  the campaign was also far too short and 343i was very underhanded in outlining the campaign length prior to launch . 
  multiplayer does n't feel like halo to me , and this is coming from somebody who considers halo reach to have the best multiplayer of the halo franchise ( i.e. 
  i 'm open to change ) . 
  more specifically though , my 2 biggest grievences with halo 5 's mutliplayer are the new aiming system ( works completely differently to that of all previous halo games ) and the req system ( which for some reason / r/halo will defend to the last ) . 
  wow , i 've never seen somebody actively dislike titanfall . 
  most people have at least something good to say about it , even if they were n't a fan of it . 
  yep . 
  hunt the truth in particular was fantastic . 
  but then it was n't even referenced in game . 
  same goes for the events of spartan ops ( more or less ) . 
  so much wasted potential ... 
  but they completely misled us . 
  they hyped up the chief going awol and locke then having the hunt him down , and then we got one anti-climactic scuffle and and exchange of some stern words . 
  the hyped up the return of the arbiter , and he was on screen for all of 5 minutes .
