  young girls grow up seeing strong , powerful female role models, 
  if they never get elected , the young girls are never really gon na see them anyway . 
  oh well , such is life . 
  go back a few comments . 
  you said :, 
   our society has a built-in bias against women , compounded by our culture which punishes women who are outspoken or argumentative . 
  i said :, 
   if that were to be true , gender quotas are n't the solution as people will just refuse to vote for the women anyway . 
  you said :, 
   that 's completely true . 
  gender quotas are designed to cause a change in culture over the long term . 
  young girls grow up seeing strong , powerful female role models, 
  i said ( referring to my previous comment that you agreed with ) :, 
   if they never get elected , the young girls are never really gon na see them anyway . 
   enda kenny is completely uncharismatic , yet nobody says this rules him out as a political leader . 
  you have a very narrow definition of charisma , i 'd say . 
   i think this is another example of the idea that women should be a spectacle , a pretty sight that should be pleasant to see and hear . 
  feminist drivel . 
  if your voice is so unbearable that it hurts to listen to , you really should be questioning a potential career in public office - regardless of gender . 
  so , you 're a sexist ? 
  well , i 'll just stick on an appropriate res tag , and that saves me a lot of pointless arguing with you going forward . 
  was that a question or a statement ? 
  progress ^ tm, 
  normally the figures themselves would be fine - it 's a reasonably interesting set of statistics . 
  but in the light of gender quotas , they take on a greater significance . 
   gender quotas mean more candidates in each constituency will be female, 
  and giving people candidacies because of their genitalia is sexist ( towards both women and men ) and undemocratic . 
   i know there 's a wage gap . 
  are you serious ? 
   women get harassed on the streets . 
  it happens , but the frequency with which that happens in ireland is grossly blown out of proportion . 
   they 're not allowed abortions, 
  and ? 
  i 'm predominantly pro-life so i see no issue with that . 
   they 're more like to be passed up for promotion than their male counterparts . 
  true , but that * is * changing . 
   and i know that women are underrepresented in almost every position of power in society, 
  and gender quotas are n't the answer . 
   but wont somebody please think of the men ?!, 
  i was n't asking anybody to , you sexist moron . 
   am i serious about acknowledging reality ? 
  why yes , yes i am . 
  the wage gap has been repeatedly disproven . 
   and you think you can call anybody else sexist for any reason ( not that you 're right to , you 're actually laughably wrong ) . 
  pot , meet kettle . 
  you have the mentality of a child if you think like that . 
   oh , and what is the answer ? 
  i guess all the women just need to man up , is it ? 
  or have you considered that maybe gender quotas are just part of the solution , and not the whole solution ? 
  i 'm not so great an individual to devise a solution , but i know for a fact that gender quotas are sexist towards both men *** and *** women . 
   you 're just ranting and foaming at the mouth about alleged sexism against men . 
  where ? 
  i live in cork and i understand him just fine . 
  sure , it 's not crystal clear but neither is it painful to listen to . 
  touch\u00e9 . 
   no , it 's been justified and excused by people who are content with its existence , not disproven . 
  two totally different things . 
  the latter would show the wage gap empirically does not exist which could n't be agreed or disagreed with , the former puts forward a position in an attempt to justify it , which can be agreed or disagreed with . 
  the only reason that discrepancy exists is because the goalposts are constantly being moved with regard to what the wage gap actually is . 
  in terms of getting 77c for every $ 1 a man earns in the same role ( or whatever the claimed stat is these days ) , that 's bullshit . 
   what , it 's childish to think you 're a misogynist because you want to control women 's bodies based on your own personal beliefs ? 
  nah , that 's not childish , that 's just acknowledging reality . 
  i have no interest in an abortion debate . 
  you consider me a misogynist for being pro-life , i consider you a supporter of murder for being pro-choice . 
  neither of us are going to change each other 's minds , so let 's just leave it at that . 
   ah , the old `` it 's sexist to treat women as equal to men because then it makes women look worse for not being able to overcome disproportionate and unfair odds to be seen as equal '' argument . 
  right . 
  because that makes sense . 
  giving anybody preferential treatment due to their gender is sexist , regardless of context . 
  it 's the textbook definition . 
   well , without visual confirmation i ca n't prove you 're foaming at the mouth , but i can show you ranting about alleged sexism against men pretty easily . 
  all that pertains to me either talking about sexism in general ( i.e. 
  not specifically against men ) or pointing out that others were being blatantly sexist . 
  nothing specific to men . 
  try harder . 
  let them starve . 
  i ca n't wait for trump to be elected . 
  reddit will implode and i 'm gon na savour every minute of it . 
  if women do n't like the way anonymity works on 4chan , then maybe they should fuck off and go somewhere else ? 
  why should the site be forced to change its culture and behaviours to cater to them ? 
  i 'm sure i interact with women every day on 4chan , but they never bring up their gender because it 's not relevant . 
  these are the type of femanons that 4chan welcomes and has done so since its inception . 
   gender is often very important in a green-text , especially since the vast majority of readers of a green-text usually interpret the actor being a male . 
  realizing that the author is female can shift perspectives on the story , even in the most subtle and nuanced ways . 
  more information , more detail , is always a good thing . 
  yeah , but female greentexts are rarely good . 
   in general , i find 4chan 's attitude toward women to be hypocritical beyond belief . 
  they desire the affectionate embrace of women in life , and devote countless hours to the spectacle of female anatomy , yet when a woman speaks to them on an image board , they meet her with outrage and hostility . 
  firstly , significant portions of 4chan do n't give a shit about real women . 
  they only care about their 2d waifus and hence the presence of women who highlight their gender is understandably annoying for them . 
  secondly , it 's an * anonymous * image board . 
  there have been countless occasions ( outside of / r9k / of course ) where i 've seen anons mention that they are female , but because it was relevant to the discussion at hand , nobody ( except maybe the odd retard ) takes issue with it . 
  like it or not , you are assumed to be male on 4chan . 
  that 's because the vast majority of the userbase is male . 
  so why should you mention that you are female unless it is relevant to what is being discussed ? 
  my guess would be that you 've never actually been on 4chan , and you think the entire site is like / r9k / . 
  unless it 's relevant to the discussion at hand , yes . 
  it 's an * anonymous * imageboard - what part of that do n't you understand ? 
  as i said in another comment , if you frequent boards other than / r9k / , you 'll encounter plenty of instances where anons mention that they are female and it barely triggers a reaction because it 's relevant to the discussion . 
  admittedly that relevancy can be subjective at times though .
