  other than getting my degree ( which is admittedly a pretty big exception ) , college struck me as an extraordinary waste of time and money . 
  if i had n't needed the qualification to get a decent job , i probably would n't have gone . 
  that said , i did appreciate all the free time afforded to me as a student that i could use to played video games and such . 
  college felt like 4 more years of less intensive secondary school to me . 
  just to go on a personal tangent for a moment , i pretty much stopped making friends after secondary school . 
  there is no incentive to do so when you were n't obliged to be around the same people 8 hours a day for 5/6 years . 
  at college i could just turn up for lectures and leave straight afterwards . 
  at work , i interact with people on a professional basis only . 
  i 'll agree with you on that . 
  the people around you in college do tend to be considerably more mature than your average secondary school student - for the most part at least . 
  yeah , that does n't guarantee that they will be like-minded . 
  i had nothing in common with the students in my course . 
  i know other people who were in similar situations and had to resort to clubs and societies to make friends . 
  that 's not racism though . 
   is she doing stand up ??? 
  did i miss it ?? 
  i love her !!, 
  please tell me she 's doing stand up somewhere in dublin this weekend !!, 
  just so you know , i 'm judging you for that . 
  yes . 
  you would n't be on / r/4chan if you did n't . 
   i win . 
  win what exactly ? 
  yeah , but then you ca n't play halo . 
  halo is literally the only reason i 'm considering buying an xbox one . 
  so far i 've resisted , but halo 5 is intriguing me more and more with every press release . 
  the british ; a great bunch of lads . 
  the british empire ; not so much . 
  but what 's inaccurate about it though ? 
  that sounds like considerably more effort than i 'm willing to commit . 
  must you insist on ruining our fun ? 
   but the part of me that 's divilment-driven wants him to get in to see how many people he can make shit the bed during his term ( s ) . 
  a man after my own heart . 
  true . 
  very few people actually make a net profit on it . 
   religion contributes nothing to society, 
  that 's a very sweeping generalisation , and quite inaccurate . 
  religion will never die away due to the nature of the human condition . 
  it will wane and evolve , but never die . 
  you made your opinion sound like fact , why ca n't i do the same ? 
  that 's a very / r/atheism tier comment , if you do n't mind me saying so . 
  why would you want to rob billions of people around the world of the faith they hold dear ? 
  christ lad , would it kill you to search the subreddit before making this post ? 
  there have been more of these thinly veiled pro-choice abortion threads on / r/ireland in the past year than you could shake a cat at . 
  to be fair , the abortion debate wo n't be as black and white as the marriage equality debate . 
  i do n't think you 'll be able to get away with calling everybody who opposes abortion `` bigots '' this time around ( but lord knows / r/ireland will try ) . 
  i know you 're being sarcastic , but i actually agree with that sentiment . 
  all the information he wants is one quick search away . 
  i do n't fucking care * why * they 're robbing me , they should n't fucking be robbing me !, 
  er , it 's the exact opposite actually . 
  / r/ireland is very pro-choice . 
  i 'm a console gamer at heart , but buying farming simulator on a console makes no sense . 
  i do n't play the game , but i know a couple of people who do play it on pc . 
  the base game is pretty awful , but it can be really be brought to life with mods . 
  the modding community for the game is very robust . 
  one of the top modders ( for the previous version of the game at least ) is from northern ireland apparently . 
   why risk your life to do something like this ? 
  risk your life ? 
  are you actually serious ? 
  why not ? 
  that 's the attitude of the hackers at least . 
  then you should n't have used it . 
  live and learn . 
   like any of you are any better than the site owners or users . 
  i do n't cheat . 
  makes me better by default . 
  that said , i would probably still buy an xbox one for the exclusives . 
   here 's what i hope . 
  first and most importantly that someone very close to you that you look up to and respect is on that list and that your world is shattered as a result . 
  i 'm not close to enough people for that to be statistically possible . 
   second , and almost as important , that the group who did this is exposed , that their private data is made available on the net and all those people who had their lives ruined by this come after them and make their lives a living hell . 
  never gon na happen . 
  justice is sweet . 
  sky is tolerable if you have a good bullshit filter . 
  i do n't own a tv but it used to be possible to watch bbc world news legitimately on their website ( with good rewind functionality ) , but now it wo n't work outside the uk with any of the proxies or vpns i have . 
  so i had to resort to sky 's ad-free stream . 
  well i 'm a long-time halo fan for one thing . 
  avoided forza 5 because it was rushed and lacking in content . 
  really enjoyed forza 3 & 4 though . 
   this is not some fucking joke . 
  it seems pretty funny to me . 
   this is not a game and is unlike most hacks . 
  how is this hack different ? 
  what sort of fantasy work do you live in ? 
  what `` wrath '' are you referring to ? 
   yeah r/ireland tends to be full of right leaning `` i got mine '' shower of cunts with little sympathy for anyone bar themselves, 
  but / r/ireland is notoriously left wing . 
  well there 's left wing , and then there 's / r/ireland 's specific brand of left wingedness . 
   how the fuck should death threats be a part of day to day life ? 
  because we have the internet now . 
  they carry a lot less weight online - unless you 're very sensitive or just want to draw attention to yourself . 
  why should every trip to the shop be a math test ? 
  bat is good , but she 's no crab . 
   i tip 25 % + even for mediocre service because i am terrified of being seen as a `` cheap-ass '' . 
  sounds like you care far too much what other people think of you . 
  there 's a good chance the meal would have been worth $ 70 in europe though . 
  not laden with corn syrup for one thing . 
  no idea . 
  no , mainly the corn syrup and lethal levels of salt in everything . 
  well , i just had dinner , but i 'll come with if you 're inviting .
