   i think they should count their lucky stars they do n't live in a country where people would consider doing a lot more than standing around a car . 
  and that 's when i stopped reading ... 
   the mob showed incredible restraint by not inflicting any physical harm on her . 
  that does n't exactly reflect well on the mob y' know, 
  `` jaysus , it 's a lovely mob . 
  they do n't beat up anybody or anything . 
  just harass people and trap them in their cars . 
  great bunch of lads . '', 
  so where are the indians getting their german proxies these days ? 
  but the build quality is n't meant to be the best considering the price ( there 's even people in this thread who have been in a model s who are saying that the cabin-built quality in particular leaves a lot to be desired ) . 
  i 'd consider that to be quite important in determining what is the best car on the road . 
  american cars are n't know for their cabin quality , sure . 
  but that 's no excuse at the same time . 
  especially when the higher end fords are actually quite nice inside . 
  actually under the new one ford policy a lot of the ford models we get in europe are being sold with only mimimal modification in the us these days . 
   electricity is already everywhere and is the future of fuel . 
  my money 's on hydrogen fuel cell ( even though you ultimately end up with an electrically-powered car regardless ) . 
  well very few people actively do since it 's naturally assumed on the likes of 4chan that almost everybody is male . 
  maybe , but it has worked on 4chan for almost a decade now so i see no point in changing it . 
  well in fairness , there 's a difference between claiming a car is the best car in the world and saying ( after having been in the car ) that the cabin quality is n't the best . 
  regardless , as an avid reader of car reviews/magazines , i can assure you that 's not the first time i 've heard of the model s 's cabin quality being lamented . 
  i fail to see how it has n't worked . 
  america gets models we do n't because there 's no market for huge pick-ups and `` luxury '' fords over here , but almost all of the european line-up is sold in the usa . 
  the focus , fiesta , mondeo ( as the fusion ) , kuga ( as the escape i think ) , and a few of the mpvs . 
  politicians should * appreciate * that the public does n't physically abuse them or destroy their property ?!, 
  that should be a given , not something to be appreciated . 
   but instead they take us to court which is absolute horse shit . 
  i 'd fucking take you to court if you trapped me in my car for 2 hours . 
  you 're not making any sense . 
  it works in the sense that 4chan is one of the few places on the internet where women are * usually * powerless to use the fact that they are female to their advantage . 
  prices will come down as the technology improves . 
  that 's always the way . 
  purely electric cars are merely a stop-gap . 
  at most they 'll see dominance in urban areas , but they are n't the answer to all our personal transportation needs . 
  hiberno-english * ca n't * be sexy . 
  it 's a law of linguistics or something . 
   anon just made a potential school shooter, 
  girls do n't shoot up schools . 
   people send nudes and teenagers think of sex, 
  you should n't encourage degeneracy . 
   he fucked her up, 
  he saved her . 
  if you want your daughter growing up to be a stacy , that 's your problem . 
  do n't say i did n't warn you . 
   so it 's one of the majority places in real world where men use the fact that they are male to their advantage . 
  not really - it 's just the status quo . 
  there 's no inherent advantage to being male on 4chan because everybody is assumed to be male . 
   and then worms - such as you ( i am implying that you are a worm ) ( this clarification is necessary because you 're severely retarded , so you might not get the implication ) - nonironically make the posts we 're seeing . 
  or yours . 
  jesus lad , you 're severely upset about all this , are n't you ? 
  are you by any chance female ? 
  so / u/icevest is banned ? 
  well thank fuck for that !, 
  the guy was an absolute tool of the highest order . 
  godammit - and there i was getting my hopes up ... 
  this is a dance we 're doomed to repeat until one of us leaves or / r/ireland burns to the ground . 
  no relevant wins in the 20th century i see . 
   she supports racism, 
  was op using this as an inciting reason for / b / to attack her ? 
  i 'm not debating whether she is racist or not . 
  i just find it strange that anon successfully got / b / to go on a raid by using the line `` she supports racism '' . 
   the intel on argent moon tells us what happened to the ship that caused it to go missing in the first place . 
  what sort of research was being conducted on argent moon ? 
  i 've found all the intel , but i still ca n't quite piece it together . 
  one hell of a superiority complex you got going on there . 
  looks like the makers of balaclavas will have a new revenue stream to fill the gap left behind when the ira disbanded . 
  you 're in this thread too ... 
  do you represent said bunch ? 
  nice superiority complex you got going on there . 
  i fail to see how that 's relevant to the situation at hand . 
   these quotas are so very much needed . 
  no they 're not . 
   my point , if it 's unclear , is that policitians are ridiculed for being under qualified and only in power for having their fathers name . 
  are you implying that only men can be under-qualified and benefit from nepotism ? 
  unlikely . 
  those elite controllers are rare even new . 
  that 's clear . 
  but how does it apply to the gender quota system ? 
   women already had equality of opportunity in politics . 
  political parties will always put forward the candidate they think has the best chance of winning . 
  it 's the public that decides who gets elected or not , so the parties cater to the public . 
  hamstringing the political parties in the name of `` equality '' does nothing but taint the democratic process . 
  if i was a female politician , i 'd be insulted if i got candidacy simply because of my gender . 
  and ? 
  just because the illness is grave does n't mean you start using inappropriate treatments . 
   it 's 30 % women running or they lose half their state funding, 
  it might as well be legally binding in that case . 
  fucking bullshit law . 
  man , you really are way out of your depth ... 
  i notice you 're saying i 'm wrong but not actually pointing out where or how i 'm wrong . 
   the purpose of gender quotas . 
  i think it 's pretty clear what the purpose of the quotas is . 
   it 's simply giving them the opportunity to have more to pick from . 
  it 's a well established practice across europe . 
  does n't make it right . 
  political parties not having the ability to put forward whatever candidates they wish without penalty is an affront to democracy . 
  she will never amount to getting shot ? 
   they 'll only be subject to a reduction in state funding if they do n't put forward enough to meet the quota . 
  and how is that fair exactly ? 
  that 's the exception rather than the rule .
