   i do n't see what 's wrong with making the free money conditional on parties actually doing something positive . 
  so we should be bribing political parties to meddle with the democratic process now ? 
  it 's not a fair choice though . 
  choosing one particular way results in them getting a financial reward ( i.e. 
  if i was a female politician , i 'd be insulted if i was chosen to be a candidate just to fill some quota so the party can get more state money . 
   than be prepared to hear about my periods and thrush . 
  fortunately we can just ignore that sort of rubbish . 
  y ` see , the great benefit of communism is that there 's always somebody else to pick up the slack . 
  let everybody else take care of the revolution while you sleep in your product of capitalism . 
  well we 've been successfully doing so as a nation for a long time now . 
  success comes in many forms . 
  sounds awesome to me . 
  that 's what i 'm aiming for some day ; slip through the cracks into a nice comfy , well-paid position . 
  that 's the dream right there . 
  this is n't the 1960 's lad . 
  i do n't see anything in that image to imply that those are fembots . 
  what implies that the op is a femanon ? 
   i do n't know what the actually definition of a first world country is but seeing videos every single week of police beating up or killing citizens makes me think america really should n't be considered one . 
  well fortunately classifying a country as `` first world '' is n't determined by the perceived brutality of their police force . 
  i buy maybe one game on release a year and it 's usually a the next iteration of a franchise i 'm a fan of or something . 
  it 's definitely getting pricey to be a predominantly console gamer ( i use my consoles for aaa titles , and my pc for everything else ) . 
   great infrastructure that america is also terrible at, 
  what kind of infrastructure ? 
  predominantly exclusives yes . 
  a few exceptions but that 's generally the case . 
  200 hours is most definitely a casual amount of time to put into a game where a single playthrough can take 50 hours . 
   mfw obsidian made a superior fallout game with new vegas, 
  new vegas was seriously broken on release though . 
  the amount of times that game crashed or corrupted save files was insane . 
  i dunno , cash is untraceable . 
  plus i notice that i 'm more liberal in my spending when i 'm not using physical cash . 
  fallout 3 had nowhere near as many bugs as new vegas . 
  new vegas had so many that it actually ruined the experience for me . 
  why did they have such a tight schedule ? 
  and why would i want to do that when i could be playing video games ? 
  nobody cares about the spoilers for a shitty game . 
  hell , just look at / r/4chan 's banner . 
   well i got a spoiler for you buddy . 
  go on ... 
  called it !, 
  retarded title , retarded post , retarded op . 
  personally i hope trump gets the candidacy and wins the election . 
  better him than any of the democratic candidates at least . 
  please leave and never come back . 
   n-word, 
  grow a pair . 
   racism, 
   or just limit your anime watching to what 's on crunchyroll or other legit services you pay for or suffer through ads with . 
  that sounds restrictive . 
   shut up, 
  you sure showed me . 
  does n't traditional irish music also have a cult following in japan of all places ? 
  thank god - i thought i was the only one that noticed it . 
  studio looks cheaper too . 
  i actually think they 're occasionally using some smaller studio for some news bulletins and it looks early 2000 's tv3 levels of cheap . 
   i 'm pretty sure we had sex education, 
  more than i got in school . 
  that hardly counts . 
  it 's central africa - they 'd be killing each other even if they 'd never been introduced to religion . 
  same with the middle east . 
   but there actually ** are ** a lot of christian mass murdering terrorist groups, 
   the crusades, 
  i 'm not * that * old . 
  incidentally i did n't buy into the hype for halo 4 at all . 
  i was very skeptical of the game before it launched . 
  then again , i 've always thought the promotional campaign for halo 4 was rather weak . 
  kinda wish i 'd maintained that mindset for halo 5 though . 
   i care about what they they think of sharia law , gay marriage , feminism etc. 
  and i doubt they are too progressive on that end therefore they can fuck off . 
  ah yes , all issues far more important than innocent people being gunned down on the streets ... / s, 
   though i disagree about halo 4 being that good . 
  to me , it was worse than any other campaign thus far, 
  let me clarify - it was good for what it was . 
  giving life again to a franchise that ended with the finality of halo 3 takes skill . 
  add to that a story that was actually engaging and interesting ( albeit often poorly executed ) , and i find it hard to criticize halo 4 from a plot point of view . 
   let me start with multiplayer . 
  the standard arena playlists are ok i guess , and i 'm patient enough to wait for the rest to come out ( along with forge ) over the next month plus . 
  but , i have never been more disappointed with the maps . 
  it seems like almost every single one is some random cbq map created in 90 minutes in forge by a developer 's teenage son . 
  only a small portion of the 15 arena maps even seem like `` real locations '' . 
  i feel like most of the maps need to be played 5-on-5 , as even the smallest map can feel pretty empty , but it 's 4-on-4 by default and too often it 's less . 
  and can we maybe get more than 3 or 4 in a playlist ? 
  jesus christ it 's like after 45 minutes i 'm so sick of every map i do n't even want to play the game anymore . 
  and i 'm so far not impressed by warzone . 
  like at all . 
  there are n't nearly enough players to make it fun , the ai are worthless , and i 'd much rather see tank and vehicle spawns all over the place instead of using the req system to spawn them . 
  the games feel empty and dull with all emphasis on getting the final shot on some random boss , and i basically yawn every time i play warzone . 
  this is largely irrelevant to / r/halostory though . 
  my post was specifically about the plot . 
   some jackass decided last-minute ( a la destiny ) to scrap the story entirely and rewrite in limited time . 
  that 's really how this feels . 
  that 's how i felt too . 
  it would certainly explain all the misleading promotional media . 
  yeah , but i really could n't care less about the views of muslims on feminism or gay marriage . 
  they 're hardly pertinent issues when compared to international terrorism . 
  got ta start somewhere . 
  he 's gon na be having a conversation with himself in that case . 
   you attempt to describe and explain the bullshit without once pointing out that it 's bullshit . 
  it 's time for the intellectual world to stop tolerating religious beliefs . 
  it 's time to start ridiculing feeble minds that believe in fairytales , supernatural , paranormal , psychics , mediums , astrologers , homeopaths , telepaths , magicians , faith healers and the religious .
