  like that system in america where if a petition on a certain white house-affiliated website ( i forget the name ) gets a certain number of signatures , it has to be reviewed and replied to by a member of staff at a certain level . 
  4chan successfully got a petition to build a death star to be reviewed at the white house , and they then received an official reply . 
  that says it all really . 
  ah , that explains why i could never get it for free then . 
  that said , the vast majority of people in the past 2 years or so play solely on the vanilla maps . 
  in my experience , bc2 was a game that was very popular on the second-hand market . 
   i would happily waste 5 minutes of a white house officials time , so that genuine issues can be dealt with . 
  i would personally pay that guys wage , for that 5 minutes . 
  one outlier is no argument against a citizens initiative system . 
  while the idea as a concept is brilliant and i would fully support it , in practicality for every 1 good submission , there will be 100 shit ones . 
  i can pretty much guarantee that . 
  urgh , that 's unbelievably annoying . 
  thanks for the answer though !, 
   i know i wo n't be signing a petition for a referendum to force fg to start building a death star any time soon , and neither will 99.9 % of the country , and the swiss still have n't either . 
  but i want a death star . 
  or should as the americans might call it , a `` freedom moon '' . 
  but you 're right . 
  that said , what are the chances of the government getting such a system working properly ? 
  that 's impressive , considering that it 's been dead for about a year in my experience at least . 
  i do n't even see how it makes sense from microsoft 's perspective . 
  i guess you 're right . 
  hmm , i 'll see if i can get some money together for even a 1 month membership . 
  i want to play some bad company 2 . 
   no school as well so hooray, 
  as if we needed any further proof that / b / is full of children and teens . 
  i think they 're having trouble dealing with the sudden surge in traffic . 
   ... . bring on the downvotes . 
  do you even know where you are ? 
  sf is * very * popular in / r/ireland , which is incidentally one of they reasons i tend to steer clear of political debates on this subreddit . 
  do n't they barely exist and support a social/economic system that has failed almost every time it has been attempted ? 
  i got a -75 for disagreeing with an aspect of protests in support of palestine . 
  suffice to say , / r/ireland is exceptionally left wing - * especially * when it comes to social issues such as lgbt stuff . 
  i 'd wager that it was n't the actual lgbt content that caused your comment to be downvoted . 
  what 's exactly at play here ? 
  is it a bug ? 
  an offer ? 
  are we exploiting the system somehow ? 
  surely microsoft would have shut it down if it was against the rules . 
  if i can get the money together to renew my gold membership , i 'll be playing vietnam . 
  how does microsoft feel about people changing their locale to avail of it though ? 
  wow , you really ca n't be * that * ignorant/naive , can you ? 
  china has long abandoned pure communism in favour of some capitalist-communist-totalitarian hybrid . 
  you may actually be an idiot . 
  hong kong is * more * capitalist than mainland china , but that 's not to say that china does n't have some * very * strong capitalist traits . 
  ** edit : ** as so astutely pointed out below , grammar . 
  is that a f-35 in game though ? 
  i never played bf2 , but it 's pretty old at this stage . 
  cuba would be the closest to the communist ideal , but it 's become too tainted by capitalism in it 's attempts to stay afloat since the 60 's . 
  the ussr also followed communism pretty closely in its early days , but from ww2 onwards it became more and more twisted . 
  hey , reread what i said . 
  i said cuba came * closest * , and that in the years immediately after the 1917 revolution , the ussr did indeed strive to towards the communist ideal until stalin came along . 
  of course none of them came `` close '' to true communism because that 's functionally impossible . 
  anybody who thinks otherwise would want to get their head examined . 
  definitely not a harrier . 
  the outline alone is all wrong . 
  is this a webcomic or something ? 
  look , either point out where what i said is inaccurate or leave it be . 
  you 've either got a counterpoint or you have n't . 
  i actually agree with you . 
  but that wo n't stop people calling the likes of cuba and the ussr `` communist '' simply because that 's what they * strove * to be ( if not in practice , in name alone ) and are were the closest any nation has got to it . 
  throw in a bunch of american propaganda during the cold war into the mix , and you have the situation in place today . 
  dude , i never disputed that . 
  i even said that hong kong is * more * capitalist than mainland china , which is because of the system in place . 
  what i disagree with is the assertion that china is a communist nation . 
  it has some lingering communist traits , but it 's not a communist country . 
  if anything , it 's far more capitalist than communist . 
  good , but i 'm also maintaining that modern-day china is more capitalist than communist ( or at the very least a 50:50 split ) , so to call it `` a communist nation '' , even within the parameters of the more liberal definition of the term , is incorrect . 
  there are plenty of communist traits lingering on in china , but each year they become more and more diluted . 
  only the system of government remains largely unchanged . 
  that sounds a lot like the no true scotsman fallacy . 
  regardless , i think i speak for all of us here when i say , we do n't really care . 
  is it any good ? 
  yeah . 
  i 'd give my seat up for anybody who asked ( within reason ) , but do n't expect me to notice of my own accord . 
  i tend to avoid looking at other people on public transport . 
  are you intentionally being dense ? 
  ^ yay ? 
  chances are that they 'll just ignore `` fappieren '' , give some shitty excuse , and then choose the turkish word for `` multicultural '' reasons . 
  still better than the word in second place . 
  `` hayvan '' is a turkish word though . 
  just for people who are a bit confused : the multiplayer update you 're looking for is `` vietnam multiplayer update # 3 '' . 
  the name is a bit misleading , because apparently you need it regardless of whether you have the vietnam dlc or not . 
  why can some people find games without the multiplayer update yet others ca n't ? 
  it 's the lack of consistency that 's confusing me . 
  question : i played a lot of bfbc2 multiplayer around winter last year . 
  i ca n't access my xbox right not to check , but would that imply i already have the required update ? 
  what exactly is horizon ? 
  that 's the thing - apparently it 's no longer available to download . 
  eh , have you been to limerick or cork over the past few years ? 
   it will have completely transformed within two generations, 
  that does n't sound as positive as they 're making it out to be . 
  dude , i 'm not even british but you 're blatantly stretching the truth there and seemingly ignoring the fact that the argentinians started that war and the brits only became involved in order to protect their citizens . 
  teach them about all the famous black irish people throughout history . 
  that should more than cover a month of history lessons . 
  [ * stifles laughter * ], 
  i 'm sure that one black guy who lived in my home town when i was growing up will be delighted . 
  seriously though , this just strikes me as massively pointless . 
  ireland does n't really * have * any black history to celebrate . 
  maybe they should try `` black future studies month '' ? 
   i believe the current syllabus also has more material that 's specifically about poland .
