  halo 4 did go a bit too far though , especially with the elites . 
   the biggest for me is the unsc 's recovery from the war and the rapid technological advancement portrayed in kilo five . 
  the unsc manages not only rebuild but to renew ( multiple new ship classes ) a huge fleet in just a couple years , after everything was destroyed in the last few months of the war . 
  it 's improbable , but far from impossible . 
  the unsc infinity for example had been under construction long before the war ended . 
  the autumn-class cruisers basically just copied and refined the pillar of autumn 's design , which was based on the longstanding halcyon-class design that the shipyards would be familiar with manufacturing . 
  the strident-class frigates would be probably the biggest fly in the ointment . 
  there is no record of them being in development prior to the war 's end , but my own theory is that frigates ( due to their smaller size and relatively low cost ) would be the ideal testbed for ship-based energy shields . 
  given that the spartan iis only received energy shielded mjolnir armor in 2552 , it stands to reason that research had been ongoing prior to that for ship-based energy shields due to the fact that they would be easier to implement on the fixed shape and with the larger power supply of a starship . 
  the strident-class frigates are most likely a result of this research . 
  in addition , the fact that they can be deployed from the infinity heavily implies that they were developed in conjunction with the flagship , hence their shared energy shield tech . 
  most importantly though , do n't forget the significant impact that captured huragok had on unsc military tech . 
  even if you ignore the forerunner tech they implemented to the likes of the unsc infinity , their skills alone would be invaluable . 
  god save the queen !, 
  and a lot of people do . 
  if you view abortion as murder , and have a decent set or morals , i imagine you 'd feel duty-bound to prevent it becoming just another form of legal contraception . 
  not a huge fan of / pol / actually . 
  sure , they occasionally get things right , but most of the time the place is just a cesspit . 
  i highly doubt that given what he 's said so far . 
   this series actually has some potential to tackle some race issues in a fairly unique way, 
  really ? 
  that 's what you took away from it ? 
  is that a bad thing ? 
   hj rally . 
  as an aside , when did srd become so sensitive ? 
  fair enough . 
  i dunno was i not paying attention over the past few days or something , but i saw very few threads on / a / about this anime . 
  so i 'm a coward if i do n't attack people and called violent if i do . 
  what a world ... 
  you did ? 
  it appears you deleted your comment so i guess we 'll never know . 
  what makes you think that ? 
  inb4 you say something like `` because you 're a retarded bigot '' . 
  that 's no excuse . 
  are you saying travellers are as they are solely because of how settled people treat them ? 
  huh , til . 
   i do n't understand why people get so upset about this . 
  because it blocks participation by people with differing opinions as they will get downvoted and attacked simply for not agreeing with the consensus . 
  they 're barely an ethnic group , if at all . 
  hence any perceived discrimination against them can hardly be considered racism . 
  roland is seriously under-appreciated as both a character and an ai . 
  any you know this how exactly ? 
  i 've lived in multiple places with large traveller communities ( in fact , the town i grew up in used to be a major traveller hub ) . 
  i 'm confident i 've encountered enough travellers in my life to create a sufficient sample size considering how small their overall community is in ireland . 
   right , but what do you think the odds are that he 's personally interacted with 378 travelers ? 
  easily . 
  i 'd say i 'd interacted with that many by the age of 20 . 
  ha , that would be an interesting twist after the events in this thread of the past 24 hours , would n't it ? 
  afraid not . 
  i do n't know of anybody who considers themselves an `` ex-traveller '' . 
   even then , you ca n't judge individual members because statistics can only point out likelihoods , not precise facts . 
  likelihoods that i 've yet to experience being disproven . 
   even if it were legalised ( as it is in most of the west ) , it would n't become a form of contraception due to the difficulties associated with it . 
  you ca n't make that guarantee . 
  if you 're having an abortion because it 's an `` inconvenience '' , that essentially counts as using it as a form of contraception . 
  despite what people may think , i 'm no troll . 
  last summer i garnered -100 downvotes on this sub and had the 10 minute posting rule enacted upon me for over a month . 
  really fucking annoying . 
   the fact that the first line of our constitution is `` in the name of the most holy trinity '' sickens me . 
  jesus christ , get over yourself . 
  it 's not * that * big of a deal . 
   ability to create some sort of civic award in the form of a title , ie some form of an order of merit , for outstanding contribution by a citizen to our society, 
  that seems like a very trivial reason to have a referendum . 
   removal of irish as the the first and official language, 
  removal of irish as the first language of the state makes sense , but it deserves its place as an official language . 
   it was n't particularly nice to see my gay friends have to wait for a bunch of straight people , with ` no horse in the race ' so to speak , decide if it was okay for them to get married . 
  if you do n't like constitutional democracy , you can always emigrate . 
   with any referenda on issues to do with religion we are giving iona a bigger voice because of the ` equal side ' shit rte has to abide by . 
  if it was n't there we could change the law easier on these issues . 
  so you want the law to be changed so you can silence people you do n't agree with in the public domain ? 
   public ownership of the means of production, 
  hah , that 's pretty close to communism and we all know that does n't work . 
  state-owned manufacturers almost always struggle to be competitive . 
  and how do you intend said ownership to be acquired by the state ? 
   institute penalties on the last generation who created the mess they made and not future generations . 
  how would that even work ? 
  and why would you need a referendum for it ? 
   i think it keeps good people out of politics, 
  but according to / r/ireland all politicians are scum , so the idea of a good person being a politician is an oxymoron . 
   get rid of the mention of divorce . 
  i do n't think i understand what you mean by this . 
   making specific explicit provision on gender equality, 
  what exactly do you mean by this one ? 
  as for myself , the removal of the offence of blasphemy is the only one i 'd have any real interest in . 
  although watching / r/ireland 's rabid atheists circlejerk themselves unconscious about it would n't exactly be an appealing proposition . 
   in addition , / u/anglerock55 is a supporter and apologist for the israeli state , jewish settlements in palestinian territories , and opposes the bds movement . 
  while the other things are worthy of disdain , what exactly is wrong about supporting israel ? 
   not at all . 
  when the country is 70 % in favor of gay marriage why is it that the no side gets 50 % of the screen time . 
  you ca n't know that accurately until * after * the referendum . 
   people could n't talk about their lives living in a gay relationship without it being considered political and therefore iona needed a voice piece . 
  well i 'm afraid that during a referendum about gay marriage , gay people talking about their home life in the public domain does in fact become political in a sense . 
   from what i have seen of your posts , you come across as a troll when you make comments like this , which you do quite often . 
  that 's only perceived as an attack because it goes against the grain of / r/ireland 's consensus . 
  anybody who disagrees with said consensus on any issue is going to get downvoted regardless of how well articulated their points are . 
  i 've seen it happen countless times . 
  this is most likely why i come off as flippant and why i 'm perceived as taking an antagonistic stance . 
  in most the other subreddits i frequent , i regularly participate in in-depth discussion . 
  but that 's because those subreddits facilitate that . 
  / r/ireland does n't , despite claims of being `` open-minded '' .
