  approach to things , and bitching/discussing about the anime fandom is rarely if ever tolerated . 
   if you get off to underage, 
  not that i do , but in terms of nisekoi alone , does that not depend on where you live ? 
   no matter how i look at it , it does n't change the fact that for me if someone finds attraction to a cartoon character to the point where they literally are capable of getting turned on and masturbating to them, 
  so people who get off to hentai ( which is just animated porn ) have something mentally wrong with them ? 
  for a scandinavian , you seem to have a very narrow view of sexuality . 
   do you really imagine a successful businessman with a loving wife and children goes home after another day at work , turns on his laptop and furiously masturbate to some nice bouncy anime titties ? 
  i sure do n't . 
  well , most businessmen today did n't grow up with easy access to hentai . 
  but this generation and all subsequent generations will , so in the future it may be more likely than you think . 
  seriously though , you have a * very * narrow definition of what is considered `` normal '' . 
  also , your assumption that only people with vanilla sexual interests are `` normal '' paints you as quite an ignorant person . 
  sexual fetishes are n't something people tend to be open about , so there could be plenty of people in your life that you would n't suspect a thing about that might be into some * really * kinky stuff altogether . 
  christ almighty , the superiority complex that you two guys have is off the charts . 
   with awkward , forced scenes featuring their incredibly deformed breasts . 
  that is n't exclusive to 2d porn to be fair . 
   it 's about calling out clear signs of disability . 
  oh boy , you 're either really sheltered or just a little bit crazy . 
   all the talented people , the money , time , effort on shitty adaptions that look and sound fucking amazing but have forced fanservice and boring stories that are mildly amusing at best . 
  the anime industry is n't obliged to cater specifically to your tastes . 
  could you maybe try not being ignorant and stupid ? 
  it 's not * that * hard . 
   if you 're overly obsessed with anime to the point where it 's a major part of your life, 
  er , is n't that the definition of a hobby that you 're passionate about ? 
  like , i love cycling and it forms a major part of my life . 
  is there something wrong with me for that ? 
   when people start actively socialising mostly with people who like anime , mainly watching anime , buying anime shirts , posters , figurines . . that 's when they 're taking it too far . 
  that 's when it gets creepy . 
  nice broad * arbitrary * line in the sand there . 
  actually i 'm stuck on a train . 
  visiting relatives across the country is a bitch . 
  and it 's not like i need to go anywhere near your post history - you 're as prevalent in this comments section as i am . 
  nice attempt at discrediting me though . 
  certainly * exudes * maturity . 
  i do n't think that 's accurate . 
  i disagree with * a lot * of what the / r/anime hivemind spouts , but i 've never felt ostracized or attacked for having differing opinions as long as they were sufficiently backed up and i was n't insulting people . 
  people may occasionally downvote you for something perceived as particularly `` blasphemous '' , but that happens on virtually every subreddit . 
   then you find their hideous and respond in kind . 
  does n't work against insurgents engaging in guerrilla warfare . 
  look at both the failures of the ussr and the usa against the taliban in afghanistan . 
  actually , small scale surgical strikes by spec ops teams have proven to be far more effective against insurgents than conventional methods ( short of carpet bombing the entire region anyway ) . 
  also , if we put down `` catholic '' on the census it * slightly * improves our chances of getting into heaven if the whole shebang turns out to be real . 
  god is like garret fitzgerald - constantly ringing up the cso . 
  semantics . 
  the strategy is essentially the same . 
   if we had an accurate reflection of the irish population and its beliefs maybe referendum results like saturdays would come as a surprise to the world at large . 
  a world who see us as a conservative , deeply religious country incapable of change or progressive thought . 
  i 'm sure that i 'm not the only one who does n't concern myself with the false assumptions of other people about ireland . 
   if we had an accurate reflection of the irish population and its beliefs maybe referendum results like saturdays would come as a surprise to the world at large . 
  a world who see us as a conservative , deeply religious country incapable of change or progressive thought . 
  i dunno , that sounds a lot like urging people not to say that they 're religious on the census for fear that foreign people will think we 're backwards . 
  spare us your ideals and hysterics . 
  what if he does n't want to learn ? 
  somebody has n't been watching bear gryll 's new show about a group of women and a group of men attempting to survive on an island . 
  there was a post about it here a month ago . 
   i 'd love to get comfy and watch some avengers with a cool chick, 
  normie detected . 
  you 're going to have to expand on what you 're trying to get at a bit . 
  according the the kilo-5 trilogy anyway , the spartan iis had both their sex drive and reproductive capabilities suppressed as part of the augmentation process . 
  makes sense if you 're trying to make a supersoldier . 
  blue team and locke 's team are really going for that whole gender equality angle , eh ? 
   [ discussion ], 
  is that not redundant , given the nature of this subreddit ? 
  and lacks the power rangers vibe a lot of the armor in halo 4 had . 
  i do n't have any strong views on hitting kids as i have no intention of ever having children . 
  that said , i do n't see why it needs to be a big deal if a parent slaps their kid from time to time , as long as they do n't go overboard and it is actually for disciplinary reasons . 
  i 'm not the one in hysterics . 
  what implied that i was n't calm ? 
  i have no responsibility for nor am i a guardian of my work colleagues . 
  it 's a false comparison . 
  what if two spartan iis had a kid together ? 
  imagine being in the same grade in school as that kid - you would n't have a hope . 
  nobody on / a / watches anime . 
  if we did , we would n't have time to shitpost . 
  so , let 's say you have an adult , perhaps with a learning disability , in your care . 
  putting somebody like that in my care in the first place would have been a grave mistake . 
  i do n't have the disposition for people being dependent on me . 
  had society not convinced me otherwise , in another life i might have said that slapping * might * be justified to enforce discipline in a situation like that . 
  `` a man was arrested at a local elementary school today for the brutal murder of two classmates with his bare hands . 
  shortly after the incident occurred , the man surrendered to a swat team from the sheriff 's department which had been alerted by a teacher on duty in the cafeteria . 
  upon arrest , it was discovered that the man was in fact a 12 year old student of the school . 
  the boy , who ca n't be named for legal reasons , claimed that he only punched each victim once in the face when they would n't hand over their lunch money . 
  police say they are following a definite line of inquiry on the incident and plan on investigating how a 8 foot tall 12 year old boy could be mistaken for an adult . '', 
   it does n't matter that the insurrection is using nukes against civilians if you 're kidnaping those civilians . 
  so , using a nuke against somebody is better than kidnapping them ? 
  til . 
   however as it was they created them to fight other humans and they did n't need anything as rediculously powerful as the spartans . 
  if you want to quickly stomp out a dangerous insurrection , yes you do . 
  oni clearly thought so . 
  why would they throw money at something that was overkill ? 
  but would n't the spartan parents cop on to that and then oni would have a pair of spartan iis that are pissed with them ? 
   so you ca n't play the : `` everything is preferable to extinction card . '', 
  i never played that card in relation to fighting the insurrection . 
   when the spartans in fact were not created as an act of desparation to try to forestall our extinction . 
  yeah , they were created to stop insurrectionists nuking civilian targets . 
  look , i 'm not saying that what oni did was the morally right thing to do , but it achieved results and probably saved countless civilian lives from further acts of terrorism . 
  sacrifices had to be made . 
  oni 's actions should n't be excused , but it 's important to look at them in relation to the context in which they were committed . 
  logic wo n't stop the type of basket-cases you find on the likes of tumblr . 
   i think locke and the red spartan are oni spartans whereas buck and tanaka are spartan branch spartan-ivs .
