  but by 1943 it was outmatched - the platform could n't realistically take any more upgrades that would allow it to go toe-to-toe with the likes of the newer t-34s . 
  the germans did consider upgrading the pz . 
  iv in a number of ways ( e.g. 
  mounting the panther turret on it ) , but it did n't produce desired results . 
  regarding the jgdpz . 
  iii , i admittedly do n't know a huge amount about that particular model , but apparently it was a bit of glass cannon and the chassis it was based on could n't take any more armor even early enough in the war . 
   the pz . 
  iv could effectively knock-out soviet medium tanks but could n't fight heavier soviet tanks, 
  oh the guns were fine , but it could n't take or deflect hits as well as the t-34 . 
  also , not that it 's an issue or anything , but are you gon na keep downvoting me during this discussion ? 
  i ask you again : what should we do to respond to the attack ? 
  if you ca n't offer a reasonable suggestion , your point is moot ( not that i necessarily agree with it anyway , but that 's irrelevant at the moment as you still have n't responded to my original question ) . 
  fair enough - sorry about that . 
   the thing is though , you have to teach your tankers how to effectively use them in concealed / ranged combat . 
  of course . 
  this would have played heavily to the strengths of the german tanks - their long range guns . 
  i was reading recently about the tiger ii and panther and how they were primarily designed for defensive battles ( sitting far back from the enemy 's front line , effectively sniping , but retaining enough armor and/or mobility to relocate/brawl if required ) , which was strange in the case of the panther as it was thrust into an offensive battle at kursk . 
  yet subsequently , the german retreat from the east was so chaotic and the panthers so lacking in numbers and reliability , they were never able to effectively employed as designed . 
  ( a ) we 're not complicit in displacing anybody . 
  ( b ) still no obligation to take in immigrants that we do n't need/want . 
  if you only get one shot at it in life , it exists in the singular form . 
  it technically is . 
  i told you , you do n't get your plane until you tell me your name . 
   do you expect to see posts about martin mcguinness going for the us presidency or something ? 
  ... yes . 
  has some quality dank memes too . 
  if you 'd told me that was cgi , i 'd believe you . 
  the rocket moves so precisely . 
  but i do n't want to go back to bed - i just woke up a while ago . 
  really ? 
  i thought the consensus was that it had only become particularly bad in the last 5-10 years ? 
  i think he was actually asking what was it * doing * in the video ? 
  even though i read the description , i 'm still not quite sure what it is supposed to be doing either . 
  can the launcher be reused ? 
  criticism of what i said without even giving one example of where i said something inaccurate does n't exactly inspire me with confidence as to the accuracy of your claim . 
  i am always open to being corrected on the accuracy of what i say , especially when it comes to history , but your arrogance to assume from where i draw my information is certainly condescending if nothing else . 
  also , if you follow the comment threads from another user who criticised my comment , i went on to justify and elaborate on many of my points . 
  did i imply that the actual content of the article was inaccurate ? 
  all i 'm saying that it has been floating around for ages and it is most frequently posted by people whose hats contain a little too much tin foil . 
   ah now of course we are . 
  come on . 
  elaborate . 
   ah we do though , legally and morally . 
  the legality element is debatable , and the morality aspect is completely subjective . 
   but then again , the number of people who do n't know they are vitamin d deficient is staggeringly high so ... 
  what obvious symptoms be ? 
  i live in a country that gets very little sunlight and i do n't go outside unless i have a reason . 
   we were complicit in the destabiling of the region in allowing materiel safe passage and succour via our airports . 
  we have no moral or legal obligation to stop legally traded goods from being moved through out airports . 
  would you think letting a future murderer pass through our airport makes us complicit in his/her future murder ? 
   we even broke international law to act as enablers of torture . 
  true ( although at the time those rendition flights were taking place there was very little * hard * evidence to suggest that torture was at play , hence we could never be convicted of enabling torture ) , but i fail to see how that is relevant to your original point that we are complicit in destabilising regions in the middle east . 
   i simply do n't have the time or want to give the effort to explain how incredibly wrong most of the shit you said comes off . 
  ha , i have n't heard that excuse a thousand times before on reddit . 
   nobody , who actually reads books will call someone a `` faction '' when trying to explain something historical . 
  `` faction '' is video game terminology ... and it 's a dead give away . 
  i used it for lack of a better word at the time - i am well aware that it 's far from the most accurate term to use . 
  hell , i ca n't even think of a single video game i 've played where the term `` faction '' has been used . 
  but the fact that you judge me and make subsequent assumptions based on the use of a sole word that is n't even relevant to the points i was making really says a lot about you . 
  quite immature actually . 
  you should judge people 's arguments on their merit , not their offhand use of a term that is n't even relevant to their argument . 
   lol , armies are legally traded goods now ? 
  state armies always have been . 
  please inform yourself for future reference . 
   if you knew he was a murderer and intended on comitting murder then yes , you 're totally complicit . 
  likewise with the torturers . 
  as i said before , there was no * hard * evidence at the time . 
   you fail to see how refueling armies and transporting materi\u00e9l is being complicit ? 
  we actually did n't do any transporting - just refueling . 
  shannon is an international airport , refueling legal transport planes is part of its job . 
  only an idiot ( which many of these terrorists unfortunately are , granted ) would think that makes us complicit in destabilizing the middle east . 
  i was n't arguing that the question was n't dumb - i was saying that the answer is not the best one . 
   generally engaging seriously with people that ask dumb questions is like trying to teach a pig to sing . 
  that would be a very important part of a politician 's job , i think you 'll find . 
  as for what the best answer is , i 'm not quite sure . 
  but it definitely would n't be what is essentially a meme at this stage . 
   i would rephrase that as : that 's a large part of why politicians suck . 
  politicians suck because they get asked stupid questions ? 
  ah , sure , it 's alright i guess . 
  would n't exactly push me to use interrobangs though . 
  do n't want people to be getting notions . 
  there 's something i do n't understand though ; did the luas drivers not originally submit their first pay claim to achieve parity with the train drivers ? 
  was that not the reason for their ludicrous claim ? 
   is n't it time we deregulated irish rail ? 
  it has been evident for most of the 20th century that ie were not adequate or fit for purpose . 
  look what happened in the uk . 
  you do n't want that . 
   40 years later , it takes 2h 50m . 
  the same is true for dublin to limerick , galway , sligo , wexford . 
  it 's closer to 2h 40m in my experience , unless there 's works on the line ( which there almost always are ), 
   the entire route ( outside of the terminus stations ) is rated at 125mph track speed but irish rail do n't have loco 's powerful enough to achieve it . 
  i do n't think that 's quite true . 
  there are definitely sections of the dublin-cork line rated for less than 90mph . 
   it 's annoying really because a relatively small investment would solve this . 
  6-8 new ( or secondhand ) loco 's would be enough to service the route . 
  iarnr\u00f3d \u00c9ireann wo n't buy new locomotives until the old ones start falling apart . 
  in an ideal world , the entire network would be electrified . 
  relying on diesel passenger trains in this day and age is ridiculous . 
  but the stupidity of a question can often be subjective ( not always of course ) . 
  japanese hatred of korea ( and vice versa ) goes back way further than ww2 .
