  have you ever experienced the feeling of having the liberty to have a walk whenever you want without rain ? 
  have you ever experienced the possibility to choose how to spend the weekend choosing between hiking in proper mountains , swim in the sea or in a lake ? 
  that for basically every weekend of your life and change the choice every weekend ? 
  or having the possibility to visit an historycal village every weekend ? 
  have you ever experienced between choosing between 10k different restaurants ? 
  33 theatres and so on ? 
  have you ever experienced a school without religion ? 
  they are almost all personal preferences - not objective quality of life metrics . 
  not the same thing . 
  i for instance have little interest in pretty much everything you described . 
   i 'm from milan , italy . 
  life if way better in places like madrid , berlin , barcellona , milan , paris and so on . 
  the south of europe , with a good job give you access to tons of things compared to north europe countries . 
  again , personal preferences . 
  also possible culture clash going on there too . 
   what i 'm trying to say despite personal preferences, 
  actually , * almost * everything you described was based on personal preferences . 
  quality of life can be objectively quantified using a collection of metrics , as i alluded to in my previous comment . 
   my country is not better than yours , it 's just different . 
  it has better things and worst things but blindly believing that a country is better than other just because it 's your country is high in gdp/hdi is simply stupid . 
  i never implied that irish was a `` better country '' . 
  but my point has always been that from a objective statistical standpoint , the quality of life in ireland is among the highest in the world . 
  you have to put aside your personal preferences . 
   they were n't ignored, 
  the leave campaign explicitly told voters to ignore the `` experts '' with their `` facts and statistics '' . 
   and i 'll stand by my definition of hell . 
  statistically the safest thing to do is nothing and go be a bubble boy . 
  no thank you . 
  well , as long as you are acknowledging that you 're inherently taking a risk by ignoring verified statistics , i ca n't argue with that . 
  okay , i admittedly missed the weather one - but i do n't consider that as a factor in determining quality of life anyway ( just buy suitable clothing ) . 
  but i stand by the rest . 
  things could always be better , sure ( public transport is shocking here for example ) . 
  but as i said , there are few countries that are superior across the board on such criteria . 
   ireland is a miserable country, 
  it 's not ireland that 's miserable - it 's you . 
   and then they voted leave for their own reasons . 
  their own horribly ill-informed reasons . 
  i 'm not saying that there were no legitimate reasons to vote leave , but a lot of leave voters seem to have had almost impossible expectations as to what would happen post-brexit . 
  expectations that were in line with the lies and misinformation that the leave campaign was spinning . 
  of all sad words of tongue or pen , the saddest are '' / pol / was right again '' . 
   i see now what you mean . 
  with `` quality of life '' i did n't mean the results of the standards but my personal enjoyment . 
  finally !, 
  but yeah , you 're not the only one making that misunderstanding . 
   you stand by ireland having world class amenities and infrastructure ? 
  have you been around ireland much ? 
  infrastructure , no . 
  amenities , yes . 
   do you think the hse is world class ? 
  as an organisation , not at all . 
  but the quality of the healthcare actually provided is world class almost across the board . 
  you should note that the report findings you have quoted never really criticize the quality of care - the crux of the issues seems to be the organisation and management . 
  also of note is that sweden is portrayed in a negative light , which goes to show that countries that would be perceived as having a higher quality of life than ireland also suffer from similar issues . 
   if you want to believe that we 're top class at this , that and the other then fair enough, 
  i still ca n't believe that you think that 's what i 'm claiming despite my numerous statements to the contrary . 
  not trolling . 
  people started talking about quality of life as a branch off from the weather discussion . 
  so what i was saying was 100 % relevant to that particular discussion . 
   i think it 's probably wrong to analyse their motives from a rational point of view . 
  it was nationalism that won imo, 
  i agree and what you 're saying actually complements what i was saying . 
  nationalism was a huge driving force for both the official and unofficial leave campaigns , but the expectations that the leave voters had for an `` independent '' and sovereign '' uk were just ridiculous . 
   and kept the catholic church at a distance . 
  that 's a blatant lie . 
  dev loved the catholic church . 
  well , for the capital city to be far more liberal the rest of the country is hardly a uniquely irish phenomenon . 
   comment after comment asking them to name the country they believe to be better in terms of quality of life and they just ca n't do it . 
  and the thing is , statistically there * are * some countries that have a higher quality of life than ireland . 
  but naming one of them would mean acknowledging that ireland is ranked as highly as it is . 
  reread your sentence . 
  begun the autism wars have . 
   not merging your neckbeard with your chest hair, 
  it 's like you do n't want to be a cool dude . 
  shows what you know . 
  very surprised it has n't been thrown up on youtube by somebody already . 
  who in their right mind would choose tv3 's coverage over rt\u00c9 's coverage though ? 
  why would it not ? 
  how does 9 years of online activity pass you by like that ? 
  well , other people seem to understand what i 'm saying here so yeah , i guess we 'll just leave it at that . 
  thanks for that . 
  i guess you just do n't understand sport - especially the gaa . 
   there is no future anywhere for brick and mortar media stores . 
  how the hell is golden disks still going then ? 
  i thought they 'd be gone long before hmv . 
  people who have enough money to pay it and do n't want to be bothered with the hassle of not paying it . 
  i know many such people . 
  they 'd rather throw money at a problem to make it go away . 
  vodafone of all companies removed my last lingering need to frequent gamestop . 
  i refuse to give microsoft my credit card details , so i used to buy xbl credit in gamestop because argos frequently ran out of codes . 
  but now you can buy xbl credit via text on vodafone which is really handy . 
  well , except for the people who label you a bigot if you do n't sing its praises from the rooftops . 
  god , they love using the word `` bigot '' ... 
  how is it better implemented ? 
  liberals are to blame for * almost * everything going wrong on a social/societal level in the world today . 
  and no , i 'm not joking . 
   not being conservative, 
  why ? 
  sjws are liberal radicals - but still liberals and they would consider themselves as such . 
  do you have any idea how retarded that sounds ? 
   i do n't see any reason why the next 007 could n't be a woman ( or a black person , since i bet that pisses you off too ) .
