  ~ ~ isla zane is a failed pre-cursor to the spartan iv program , not a failed spartan ii . ~ ~, 
  misread the original comment . 
  it was pretty bad alright . 
  never thought we 'd actually see zane again though . 
  she was n't all that interesting as a character . 
  so i take it mishak moradi is still alive in that case ? 
  he could easily sift through all that data on the chip . 
  ... ignoring the fact that maya has the most advanced smart ai ever created at her disposal . 
  do the timelines correspond ? 
  to be fair , halo as a series is in bad need of having a lot of its lore tied together . 
  although bringing back ilsa zane of all people may have been a step too far in my opinion ... 
  do n't forget the scottish lass . 
  eh , i guess it 's just my personal preference talking . 
  i never liked zane for her character or place in the halo universe . 
  because they do sweet fuck all of relevance while the majority of their people live in squalor . 
  ever since we heard of his ambiguous death , i was confident 343i had n't killed him off . 
  wait , sorry - misread the other guy 's comment . 
  my bad . 
  excellent video . 
  you raised a lot of points that i 've been mulling over ever since halo 4 . 
  there is a * astonishing * divide between the fans of halo who are lore-savvy and those who are not . 
  moreso than any other franchise i 've ever been a fan of . 
  the very fact that / r/halostory exists separate to the main subreddit and is largely self-contained is a testament to that . 
  so far i 've been a fan of 343i 's moves to integrate as much of the expanded universe as possible into the games . 
  but like yourself , that 's the opinion of somebody who is familiar with the lore and wants to see the halo game franchise take on a more cohesive plot because i know so much good material lies outside the games . 
  however this can leave the fans who do n't follow the eu material ( i was one of those fans until halo 3 left me completely lost in places ) feeling excluded , which could dent sales . 
  halo has long been known for having an impenetrable plot for outsiders , and adding the eu material to the plot of the games makes non-lore orientated fans feel like outsiders too . 
  the success of halo 5 's plot will rest on the ability of 343i to provide just enough exposition so that the non-lore savvy know the gist of what 's going on , but not too much that it makes people like ourselves weary of constant expository dialogue . 
  343i are definitely better in this department than bungie was , but halo 4 proved that they tend to assume that fans are ( as a whole ) a lot more informed about the halo lore than they actually are . 
  ( on a personal aside , some of the ignorance over on / r/halo is unforgivable though ), 
  keep up the good work - i look forward to future videos !, 
  definitely need it for my collection , but i do n't recognize the anime and it 's too small to get a match . 
   how do chief , cortana , and everyone else in the unsc instantly know who the didact is as soon as he wakes up , and why are n't they sharing that information with the player ? 
  damn , even as somebody who knows all about the didact , that stuck out like a sore thumb during halo 4 . 
   who is the librarian , what did she do to chief , and why should we trust her ? 
  they did trust her awfully quickly to be fair . 
  then again , the chief has proved himself to be very trusting in the past ( * cough * guilty spark * cough * ) . 
   why does everything look so different from previous games ? 
  where did chief 's old armor go ? 
  hell , many in / r/halostory still refuse to accept how that was explained ( including myself ) . 
   i do n't want to sound like i hate 343 or think halo 4 was terrible , i just think halo 4 's story was harder to follow than it should have been . 
  halo 3 had a similar problem if you ask me . 
  compared to halo 1 & 2 , a lot of things that happened in the game were n't explained well ( even if they had no external plot influences ) . 
  what makes you think that ? 
  i fail to see how a mole planted among the insurrectionists ( regardless of how highly ranked he was ) would be tasked with with interrogating halsey . 
  but how does any of that imply that ari is the guy from the halo 4 prologue ? 
  halsey has nothing to do with the insurrectionists so it would n't make sense for an oni agent whose area of expertise is the insurrectionist movement to interrogate her . 
  this is n't / r/halo, 
  did you even play spartan ops ? 
   but it also could be innies looking for propaganda . 
  that 's completely implausible . 
  the guy works for oni and was n't a traitor . 
  never mind the fact that he would n't be allowed anywhere near a vip prisoner like halsey unless it was mission critical . 
  well stop acting like you 're in / r/halo then . 
  not exactly - listen to episode 1 of season 2 again . 
  it 's not * what * you said that reeks of / r/halo , but rather the way you said it . 
  the confrontational tone of your comments is n't helping things either . 
  apparently we should be outraged for some unspecified reason . 
  it 's neither dark nor funny . 
  i would n't go so far as to say that 's an objective fact , but it 's pretty damn close . 
   he thinks we all go around outraged all the time . 
  you do n't ? 
  how so ? 
  because i do n't find a bad joke funny ? 
   just be yourself, 
   that 's because everyone else managed to get out of it by themselves . 
  or , y' know , they were never in it in the first place ( which incidentally is why they ca n't empathize ), 
  that 's not how biology works . 
  that 's not how biology works either . 
  but petrol cars also produce similar amounts of emissions . 
  do americans not realise that kleenex is a brand name and is as stupid as calling all cars fords ? 
  i 've never witnessed this tissue phenomenon outside of america . 
  oh , wait , i thought we were talking purely about co2 emissions . 
  my bad . 
  i give it a month . 
  adult comics are already adequately catered for on 4chan . 
   they require crappy internal hdd though which most people do n't have, 
  most people ? 
   shooters like this are just wimps, 
  they 're a lot of things but i imagine that actually following through with a school shooting requires a certain amount of courage - or a lot of drugs . 
  are you new to the concept of 4chan ? 
  why are you even here ? 
   all the news sites reporting this are saying they `` contacted 4chan '' is he going to respond ? 
  what 's he going to say ? 
  just not respond . 
  he is n't obliged to answer their questions . 
  it 's only the retarded american media . 
  only in moderation . 
  and some of them are just plain old bad for you to be fair . 
  have you seen the kind of companies that advertise on 4chan ? 
  well neither have i because i use adblock , but i 've been told that they 're largely the kind that do n't give a shit what goes on there . 
  great , the weekly normie influx , with their outrage and self-righteousness . 
  you sound like the kind of person who would give advice like `` just be yourself '' . 
  that 's because you do n't go on 4chan , right ? 
  happens every time a post from here gets anywhere near the front page . 
  your loss . 
  says the guy with the / mu/tant flair . 
  why are you here ? 
  for what reason ? 
   was n't aware trying to get information from sites like 4chan during a period of intense turmoil was complete bullshit .
