  also , the esa has some interesting plans going forward . 
  there are going to be a lot of youtubers with g2a sponsorship that will be in an awkward position with all this recent g2a blowback . 
  nope - i typically hate modern liberalism . 
  my entire argument is that direct democracy does n't work because the people voting on an complex issues are rarely sufficiently informed as to the consequences of their choices . 
  the brexit referendum is an archetypal example of this failing of direct democracy . 
  so it 's not that i 'm opposed to direct democracy in principle ( it 's actually quite a good idea ) , i 'm just acknowledging that it 's burdened with such a significant flaw that it rarely works when it comes to issues as complex as the brexit vote . 
   would it matter if it was good ? 
  let 's face it ; it would n't . 
   but i think people are sick of the monopoly teams like kilkenny and cork have over the games, 
   cork, 
  cork were beaten both in the hurling and football by tipperary this year . 
   when 's the last time you saw someone of a relatable age on rte 's coverage ? 
  gaa commentary from a young person just would n't sound right . 
  you have to think ahead to when the all-ireland finals will be played back in reeling in the years . 
   watching a game today is the same as watching one twenty years ago, 
  but we can watch in hd now , which in hurling especially makes a huge difference . 
   you are aware that subscribing to the sub is not mandatory ? 
  but where else can i shitpost amongst my countrymen ? 
  ca n't stump . 
   that 's the fault of the remain campaign no ? 
  remain campaign was atrocious , yes . 
  but the leave campaign must be held to account too . 
   i think it worked just fine , the side with the more compelling argument won . 
  even if the leave campaign was founded on lies , speculation , and promises that simply ca n't be kept ? 
  it would n't be good . 
  just some anon projecting his rape victim fantasy . 
  ah c'mon now - are you really going to blame the remain campaign for the lies of the leave campaign ? 
  yes , the remain campaign could have done a better job debunking those lies , but it 's sorta hard to do so when those lies appeal to the emotions of the electorate and the leave campaign is actively encouraging people to ignore the opinions of `` experts and bureaucrats '' . 
  that 's not what i 'm saying . 
  it 's just hard to debunk the lies of the leave campaign with facts when the electorate is being told to ignore the sources of those facts . 
  dude , now you 're just ignoring what i 'm saying . 
  if you 're legitimately saying that the populace was right to vote in favour of a campaign based on lies and deception , there is no hope for you . 
   otherwise they would n't have voted for it . 
  you give the electorate far more credit than they 're due . 
  to be fair , my second point was a bit of a joke , but personally i would n't be keen on younger voices commentating . 
  just would n't sound right . 
   the ` leave ' was voted in by un-educated numbskulls . 
  there must be a lot of those in the uk . 
   i 'm saying they were right to vote based on what was presented to them , and you had your head in the sand if you think otherwise . 
  if you took what the leave campaign said at face value - well , i wo n't go as far as to say you 're an idiot , but you 're incredibly naive . 
   the entire remain campaign hinged on threatening people with accusations of racism , xenophobia and insults of stupidity . 
  hyperbole . 
  i think you must have been spending too much time online during the campaign . 
  that was not a strong element of the official campaign . 
  i want to live in a democracy where the electorate is sufficiently informed before making a decision of huge significance . 
  surely that 's not too much to ask ? 
  i knew it !, 
  using words correctly is for cucks . 
   it 's a super short-term dip in stock exchanges which happens any time anything large happens worldwide because of loss of uncertainty . 
  how do you know it will be super short term ? 
  not even economists can predict that with all the uncertainty at the moment . 
  we 're in uncharted waters , m8 . 
  quit spouting your uneducated speculation . 
   anybody who disagrees with me is brainwashed, 
  how the hell do 220 people get injured in an explosion but nobody dies ? 
   i ca n't think of any . 
  ca n't think of any evidence to suggest that the eu is gon na fall apart ? 
  that was exactly my point . 
  there is none . 
  that 's a very old raf picture . 
   the eu is actually moving towards having a unified army, 
  as per the revised lisbon treaty , member states have an opt-out on that . 
  it was one of the sticking points for ireland when they were voting on it . 
  well is n't it great that i 'm not a redneck then and can say what i want ? 
  nobody is saying that the pound wo n't bounce back , but the trade deals the uk will secure are unlikely to be as favourable as they were as a member of the eu . 
   how do you know it will be super catastrophic for their economy ? 
  i 'm not . 
  i 've only talked about the short term , in case you have n't noticed . 
  if irish is considered an official language of the eu , i do n't think there is any risk to english ceasing to be one . 
   travellers has a bit of bad reputation . 
  understatement of the century . 
   that place is beautiful !, 
  i would move there if either clinton or trump wins . 
  so , you 're definitely coming here ? 
  i am . 
  y' know that inexplicable kind of laughter when things are spiraling out of control and you 're just there watching as the chaos unfolds ? 
  you do realise the lisbon treaty was amended to address the concerns of the irish before we voted on it again ? 
  if the people did n't like it , they could have just rejected it a second time . 
  so yes , democracy . 
  whenever this topic is brought up on reddit , you will see multiple testimonies to the fact that women 's bathrooms are far more disgusting than those of men . 
  looks good on the auld cv . 
  despite the fact that most of them had * always * been gender neutral and it was just a pr stunt by the su . 
  do n't give them the attention they so obviously crave . 
  as long as the majority of bathrooms on campus do n't become gender neutral , it should n't be an issue . 
  almost everything student unions do is a pr stunt or something that can be used to embellish the cvs of the union members . 
  and have you ever considered that widespread implementation of gender neutral bathrooms on a college campus might make far more people uncomfortable than the minuscule minority it might make feel more comfortable ? 
  many men would n't be comfortable with using urinals in bathrooms that women also frequent . 
  that would n't be pleasant for anybody else trying to use the bathroom at the same time . 
  well , since the students unions have seemingly given up on fighting the ever-increasing fees that students have to contend with , i guess they have to find trivial bullshit to occupy themselves with to make it look like they 're actually worth the fortune that is spent on them . 
   for asking a stupid question that caused offence . 
  who was really offended though ? 
  or are we just getting offended on behalf of others again ? 
  ireland 's referendums are legally binding - i ca n't really speak for other countries . 
  i know that in the uk that referendums are legally seen as mere `` consultations '' . 
  i understand their concern , but i doubt that is gon na happen when english is essentially the global language of business and trade . 
  that said , no doubt that the french are rubbing their hands in glee at the idea of english getting demoted within the eu . 
  yes you are . 
  says the guy who unironically says `` lol '' . 
  let 's throw on a few more letters while we 're at it . 
  on the european servers , eastern europeans and russians have a very poor reputation .
