  source ? 
   they let the lives , no , the mere existence of others affect their lives so intensely that it seems to consume them . 
  as somebody who used to be subscribed to / r/childfree , i genuinely believe those sort of people are in the minority in the subreddit . 
  i 'm in the same boat . 
  i 've completely missed the whole `` with rice '' meme . 
  but i 'm not too pushed about finding out about it , as it just sounds retarded . 
  is this your first day on / r/4chan ? 
  it 's like somebody gave you an out of date list of 4chan references and you 're ticking them off as you go through them . 
  i still do n't get it , but i was right to think that it was retarded . 
  then how do you explain all these morons using it ? 
  it must be a meme , just not a dank one . 
  he also has an annoying face , if that makes any sense . 
  this is a low effort post if ever there was one . 
  people who still let their opinions be influenced by the late late show only have themselves to blame . 
  why would the jewish boss be complaining about the change since he was collecting it and getting free money ? 
  why ? 
  rap is the worst form of communication . 
  it even trumps poetry . 
   does that reasonable standard include double the amount of gaelscoileanna in the last 30 years ? 
  most gaelscoileanna are a joke and only pay lip service to the notion of being `` irish language '' schools . 
  i 've seen it time and time again in many places up and down the country . 
  i did . 
  fucking thing was made of metal and if you stood on it with bare feet you 'd know all about it . 
  the plastic the blades were made from was really flimsy though . 
  including yourself ? 
  the `` muh microbrews '' was a nice touch . 
  what the fuck ... 
  why would somebody make these games ? 
  what will they do with an old ship that 's unfit for purpose ? 
   all your meals ( call it $ 90 per week ), 
  fuck , what are you eating ? 
  caviar for every meal ? 
  wow , i never thought i 'd hear somebody from / pol / utter those words . 
  are we replacing them ? 
  that sounds like an incredibly cancerous board . 
  if anything / mlp / is like a cross between / a / and / d / . 
   they use girl 's sentence structure without being told to gtfo, 
  is it odd that i know exactly what you 're talking about here , despite the fact that i would never be able to describe it to anybody ? 
  obviously their mocking and satire is n't accurate enough . 
  i think you 're lost , m8 . 
  and you ca n't blame / r/all this time . 
  sjw detected . 
  but nobody really talks there , except to announce their threads . 
  it 's just full of pictures of anime girls . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  where were the other two deaths ? 
   that does seem to indicate either a tendency to , or in the worst case a deliberate policy to exclude students of non-irish parents . 
  or maybe - * just maybe * - only irish parents tend to be interested in sending their children to schools with a focus on the irish language . 
  well , from a purely objective standpoint , those groups * tend to * take up larger amounts of teaching resources , and in straitened times that results in your child receiving a poorer quality of education . 
  would you not prioritise the quality of your child 's education ? 
  when there 's a perfectly good reason for why that might be , that * does n't * imply some conspiracy , i 'm not going to jump to conclusions just yet . 
  why did n't he deserve it ? 
   a friend told me , if you have a reputation for keeping your mouth shut , girls will do super kinky shit with you . 
  what use is this information to anybody on / r/4chan ? 
   so its wrong to be racist , it 's wrong to dislike people that have special needs , it 's wrong to treat homeless people and those on the poverty line differently than others , it 's wrong to be sexist , it 's wrong to discriminate against those with mental disabilities , it 's wrong to judge children , it 's wrong to mistreat animals ... but fat white women are open season ? 
  people choose to be fat . 
  that 's the important distinction . 
  they did n't kill the guy , anon . 
  hell , it wo n't even seriously affect his life . 
  but nonetheless , he deserved it for being a moron . 
  bloody brilliant subreddit . 
  wait ... 
  was n't there already a spongebob movie ? 
  david hasselhoff was in it . 
   vietnam is nearly dead, 
  such a pity . 
  it 's great fun . 
  what the fuck is it about female laughter that makes it so much more * suspect * than male laughter ? 
  i 'm finding it hard to word this correctly , but female laughter at a distance still makes me feel anxious even though i 'm the type who could n't give a shit what they say/think about me . 
  okay , i 've been sort of ambivalent towards this coming series until now . 
  but there was something about those images that got me quite psyched for the return of the characters , in whatever form that may be . 
  really liking the look of the art style as it stands too . 
  you can make excuses for being overweight all you want . 
  it does n't take away from the fact that being overweight is still optional and people * will * judge you for it . 
  i 'm not judging you per sae , just telling you how it is in reality . 
   so , sorry if this thread is slightly offensive to me . 
  if you 're easily offended you have no business on anything related to 4chan . 
  this is true . 
  on a related note , i hate this growing obligation to admit that female comedians are funny , when 99 % of the time they are anything but . 
  it 's assumed that if you 're on this subreddit that you regularly visit at least one 4chan board . 
  unfortunately this tends not to be the case a lot of the time . 
  i think it is . 
  and why is it nonsense exactly , o ' enlightened one ? 
  because it results in the subreddit being full of normalfags like you . 
  each to their own , i say . 
  as a mature individual , i respect other people 's beliefs as long as they do n't impinge on my own freedoms and rights . 
  sorry , but we ca n't all have the edgy teenage mindset that seems to be dominating this comments section . 
  in fairness , the people who listen to that kind of music are already idiots . 
  i 'd be surprised if they knew * how * to pirate ( other than possibly stealing cds from shops ) . 
  ** edit : ** oh boy , looks like we got some rap fans in the house !, 
  you do n't get to decide what 's `` reasonable '' and what 's not . 
  live and let live as long as it does n't negatively affect you . 
   objectively, 
  i do n't think that word means what you think it means . 
  preferably , yes . 
  please , go ahead and try to defend rap . 
  i could do with a laugh . 
  epic burn , m8 !, 
  it 's adapt or go extinct in the age of the internet . 
  that 's just the way it is .
