sigh , every time there 's a post on reddit about skipping college lectures ( or any `` lazy college senior '' meme ) the comments section is always full of `` it 's your own money you 're wasting '' , `` you 're paying to be there '' and various other comments implying the idiocy of the op . 
  and i 'm just sitting there thinking `` who the hell cares this much about other people 's lives and how they spend their money ?! '' . 
  but that 's not what annoys me the most . 
  no , the fact that the people who make comments such as those i mentioned above are of the opinion that you are not a good college student unless you go to every single lecture . 
  for all you know the op could be top of his class - you can actually do well in college without going to every lecture !, 
  the amount of lectures you actually have to attend to be successful depends on the course you 're doing , the amount of material the lecturers provide online/outside of lectures , and your motivation to do your own work . 
  in my course for example , you could get away with going to about half the lectures every week , but as long as you put in the work at home you 'll be just as well off as those who went to the lectures . 
  bit of a rant , i know - but the superiority complex and moral lecturing of some redditors just really annoys me !, 
  bit unfair on your classmates - some of them might have had legitimate reasons for not turning up . 
  it 's the subject matter/nature of your rage comic that makes people think reddit is being infiltrated by 12 year olds - not the fact that this actually happened . 
  not everything that happens to you in your life needs to be made into a rage comic . 
  and besides , complaining about trivial stuff like this about the opposite sex via rage comic comes across as rather immature ( i.e. 
  something a 12 year old might do ) . 
  i 'm not saying your comic is inherently bad - i am merely explaining why / u/joebmxkid08 's comment has got so many upvotes and why many of us think reddit is falling prey to 12 year olds, 
  i respect vegetarians , but claiming eating meat is `` gross '' is never a justification i 've heard before - well , not on its own anyway . 
  eating a human is very different to eating another animal - but i 'm not going to get into this sorta discussion ( too many times irl , too many bad memories ) . 
  all i 'll say is humans are omnivores so i do n't personally see anything wrong with us eating meat . 
  yes , it 's a choice - you eat meat , or you do n't eat meat . 
  it 's up to the individual , and i do n't give a damn what other people do with their lives ( within reason of course ), 
  putting all the differences between us and other animals aside ( and do n't get me wrong - most the times i prefer animals to humans ) , cannibalism is n't the norm in the animal kingdom ( it happens , but it 's far from the norm ) . 
  and since you seem to consider animals to be on the same relative level as us , why should we do something that they do n't even lower themselves to ? 
  ( unless completely necessary , in which case humans would do the same ) . 
   other primates like chimps and orangutans cannibalize each other, 
  as true as that may be , it 's not exactly common , is it ? 
  and yes , chimps and orangutans are intelligent - just not as intelligent as humans ( although why you brought that up in first place i 'm not sure ) . 
   i 'd say cannibalism is just as natural as anything else , and that it 's only social constructs in the places we live that keep us from eating each other . 
  you could say the same about murder or any other act we humans tend to deem as heinous . 
  this is merely a red herring anyway - every time i discuss the merits and fallacies of vegetarianism with people , cannibalism always comes up . 
  * in general * ( there are exceptions to every rule ) one individual does not eat another member of their own species . 
  so asking meat eaters ( like it is any business of the vegetarians in the first place ) why they do n't eat other humans is pointless . 
  we do n't choose not to eat other humans because they have sentience , we do n't do it because it 's not the done thing - both at a fundamental primeval level and at a societal level . 
  upvote for a sensible approach to vegetarianism . 
  no , courstice brought up cannibalism - i merely responded :p, 
  and yes , i 'm also confused to why vegetarianism is being debated - even though i promised i would n't . 
  as i mentioned in one of comments , i do n't give a damn how other people live their lives as long as they are quiet about it and do n't push their beliefs on others . 
  thank you for being a vegetarian that does n't feel the need to broadcast their life choice . 
   what i do have a problem with is the way animals are tortured in the industrial food system , and the amount of environmental and social damage that the meat production process creates . 
  i could n't agree more - and i eat much more meat than is probably healthy . 
  i guess the only thing we disagree on is how to tackle this problem . 
  personally i do n't see how me becoming a vegetarian will help solve the aforementioned issues . 
  i 'm of the belief that we should continue to highlight the problems , put legislation in place to ensure our consumption of meat does n't continue to be such a destructive and torturous process , and sanction any group in breach of the rules laid down in the most severe way possible . 
  this is partially wishful thinking , but there has been progress in the way we treat animals in the food industry in recent decades . 
  small steps , but progress nonetheless . 
  no worries . 
  this is a red herring i see * some * vegetarians throw around a lot . 
  firstly , i 've no particular desire to eat cat or dog - i 'm quite happy with the selection of meats that already form part of my diet . 
  and it 's not like you can just go to the shop and buy cat/dog ready to be cooked ( not where i live anyway ) . 
  and besides , cats and dogs are animals we keep as pets , and thus we 're not inclined to kill and eat an animal we have an emotional attachment to . 
  this emotional attachment of pet owners ensures that eating cat , dog or any other pet is frowned upon in most societies . 
  i 'm sure if somebody had a pet cow or sheep , that might make them less inclined to eat beef or mutton/lamb . 
   part of being an adult is taking care of yourself , and if he wo n't bother taking care of himself , then he 's showing that he does n't care about you . 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  and there 's a difference between taking care of yourself and dressing smartly . 
  as a 20-something year old guy , i 'm healthy , clean shaven ( for the most part ) and maintain a decent level of hygiene . 
  i consider that taking good care of myself . 
  however , i do n't give a damn what i wear really as long as it 's not visibly dirty . 
  i basically want to do what norton 's back-up program did - it was pretty comprehensive . 
  i think i had it set up in a way that it saved more than just my personal files ( hence why i used the term system files - although , in retrospect i may have used it incorrectly ) . 
  basically , i want to back up as much from my laptop as possible . 
  if it was lost or damaged i would lose some very important stuff . 
  question 2 is a good one - the standard android music player has n't the greatest interface or array of options . 
  i 'd be interested in seeing if there were any alternatives . 
  also , is there anything you can do when your online account sync system stops updating contact information from the online accounts they are connected to ? 
  for example , all my contacts are synced with my facebook account , but their profile pictures have n't updated in my contacts for months . 
  this is n't the most important example ( not updating email info is more important to me ) , but it 's the best example . 
  you sir , just scared me into quitting - thank you !, 
  i 'm currently deleting all porn related content from my laptop , without which i am powerless to fap . 
  i 've always been confused as to how wearing revealing clothing makes a girl/woman feel attractive . 
  not that i have a problem with it or anything , but i was always under the assumption that girls who wore revealing clothing already considered themselves attractive enough to be confident wearing such clothing . 
  or maybe my ignorance is showing again ... ... 
  it 's reading threads like these that will ensure i 'm single forever - that and not actually trying to alter the situation whatsoever . 
  just out of curiosity , what 's wrong with being proud of a low number ? 
  also , it could imply that a person has the ability to hold down a relationship and sex is not their first priority when they are dating somebody . 
  not always the case , but if it was , i 'd have no problem with somebody being proud of having a low sexual partner count . 
  i 'm fairly adept at the node voltage method , but while i know it can be used to solve for v open circuit , i 'm not sure how to go about doing that . 
  thanks . 
  i have time - no rush . 
  ignorant comment is ignorant . 
  please take your sweeping statement about the cars of an entire continent elsewhere - the grown-ups are trying to have a discussion . 
  the current swift is a wonderful little car - easily the best car suzuki makes . 
  luckily i saw your explanation 2 hours before i had a circuits exam - thanks for posting the above comment to alert me to it !, 
  your description and example really improved my understanding of thevenin equivalent circuits - thanks very much !, 
  although is n't it just typical that there was n't a single mention of thevenin equivalent voltage/open circuit voltage in the exam today ?!, 
  i linger on in the vague hope that some day something will occur that will will change my unfulfilling life forever . 
  something that will change my outlook and give me the motivation to find my place in this world . 
  because for 20 or so years i have felt powerless to alter the course of my life in any meaningful way . 
  even the small things slip from my grasp . 
  i envy you sir . 
  i have longed to drive all my life - the freedom , the independence and the fact that being in cars puts me in a good mood . 
  but driving test after driving test i 'm told i 'm not a capable driver . 
  to compound my frustration , every driving instructor i 've ever had has told me i am just as capable as any other person who passes their test and they ca n't see why i keep failing . 
  this is a major source of shame and frustration in my life . 
  now here 's a comment i can sympathise with ... 
  i 'm assuming removing the hard drive will protect all my save game data , profiles , etc ? 
  ok , thanks very much . 
  i 'm going to look into this now because i am pretty much out of options . 
  so , what you 're saying is , that men can only get women if they use fancy shampoo ? 
  right ... 
  but some of us do avoid relationships like the plague ... . just saying . 
  well , since i 've never actively tried to establish a relationship ... ...
