  struck me as a bit late to be doing so . 
  would posters going up this late really have any effect ? 
  pretty flags are all well and good , but they have to have meaning behind them otherwise they 're just strips of material that are arbitrarily chosen to represent a country . 
  and i say that as somebody who likes the harp-on-green design you posted . 
  yeah , i know the bit . 
  i 've been playing halo for a long time , and i still have trouble getting up that staircase . 
  however , there 's a spot under the stairs where the elites ca n't really hit you and the grunts can only connect the occasional shot . 
  equip a plasma rifle ( to lower elite shields ) , the magnum ( for headshots on grunts and shieldless elites ) , and as many grenades as you can get your hands on for when you actually get to the top floor . 
  get in the spot i mentioned earlier , and you should be able to thin the ranks from that angle a bit . 
  but the elites will cop on and stop standing in plain sight after a while and you will eventually need to move up the stairs . 
  whatever you do , do n't stand on the stairs . 
  you 're way too vulnerable . 
  get up on the top floor as quickly possible and keep moving from cover to cover behind the pillars ( they 're bloody thin though ) . 
  clear any remaining grunts , and use your grenades on the elites . 
  that 's the best advice i can give you . 
  grenades are your best friend on the top floor , and only use the magnum for headshots you know will kill - otherwise you 'll either run out of ammo or take too long to kill the elites and get cornered . 
   the yes side has an amazing amount of grass-roots canvasing and enthusiasm . 
  that 's irrelevant if people are n't being receptive to it due to apathy . 
   women, 
  why is that do you know ? 
   i know one of my local tds got an email today from a constituent complaining about the lack of yes posters in her area . 
  complaining to your local td without doing anything about the situation yourself is a very irish thing to do . 
  surely the sole responsibility to put up yes posters is n't on local tds ? 
  oh right , she was looking for posters ? 
  well if she 's willing to put some up herself , that 's great . 
  i 'm in the same boat - but some people very strongly disagree . 
  you 're correct , but the origins of the tricolour go right back to the foundation of the state and symbolise the ideals of the founding fathers . 
  i 'm a trailer junkie , so i love good trailers even if they spoil the story a bit . 
  but in the case of halo 4 , the fanmade trailers were better than the real ones in my opinion . 
  for example :, 
   implying, 
  found the female . 
  or maybe a white knight . 
  dude , i 'm just gon na stop you there . 
  you 're making some serious assumptions and leaps in logic . 
  also , you clearly have some sort of bias in favour of siiis if you 're willing to spout tripe like `` there is no gene for the human spirit '' . 
  has n't held us back to date as far as i can tell . 
  what an immature attitude to have . 
  i ca n't quite tell . 
  wait , what time is that gmt ? 
  i 'd be surprised if farmers even made up the majority of catholics in the country . 
  farmers make up a much smaller percentage of the population than they used to . 
   very few people taking drugs are as sensible and responsible as that . 
  well is n't that their own fault then ? 
  i dunno about you , but making incredibly stupid decisions makes it very hard for me to sympathise/empathise with somebody . 
  genuine question : what 's wrong with what he said ? 
  what 's that got to do with it ? 
  i 'd say the silent no voters heavily outnumber the silent yes voters as there is no real social stigma to voting yes . 
  well personally speaking , it 's not so much that i have a problem with people who take drugs , but i definitely have an issue with people who are irresponsible with drugs like this girl was . 
  same goes for alcohol . 
  it she ca n't be sure of the quality , she should n't take the risk . 
  also , did n't she take 3 pills in quick succession ? 
  eh , i suspect it 's just / r/ireland strong pro-drug stance at play again . 
   and i 'm not trying to guilt trip you into voting but to me , you seem annoyed and resentful , are those really the emotions you want to base your ( non ) vote on ? 
  how about apathy ? 
  because that 's what i 'm basing my non-vote on . 
   you are a bad person if you do n't vote yes . 
  yes , yes , we know that 's what * you * think . 
  you 've made it abundantly clear on / r/ireland . 
  that does n't make what you say objectively true though . 
  seriously , your attitudes do n't help the yes campaign one little bit . 
  what if you do n't believe in anything on the issue ? 
  well , in light of this bit of news , thankfully i do n't . 
  ireland 's pro-drugs circlejerk is laughable at times . 
  that 's a pretty awful generalisation to make about a huge portion of the irish population . 
  i find it very hard to sympathise/empathise with irresponsible people . 
   totally anti-traveller community, 
  eh , the travellers have earned their well-deserved reputation to be fair . 
  i 'm apathetic in the sense that i do n't really care what the result of the referendum will be . 
   did you ever care ? 
  or do you feel like you could ever ? 
  not really , if i 'm honest . 
  unlike you , i do n't believe that i have any particular moral duty to leave my mark on this world while i 'm here . 
  i 'm just passing through . 
  i plan on leaving the world exactly as i found it as much as possible - i wo n't have kids , i wo n't do anything do anything profound or historic , and i certainly wo n't try to enact change just so the world better befits my ideals . 
  for centuries to come , our acts will be judged by future generations . 
  but we ca n't predict the world views and principles of those people . 
  who is to say they will hold the same ideals as you or me do now ? 
  nope , i 'm just here to live out a comfortable life and then pass on . 
   can i ask , do you simply not care about what kind of society that you live in ? 
  as i said my my previous comment , all i desire is the ability to live out a comfortable existence during my lifetime . 
  anything that affects my ability to do that , i will seek to challenge it . 
  it may be considered selfish , sure - but it does n't have any * direct * negative impact on other people , and that 's good enough to give me a relatively clean conscience . 
  rare to find somebody as reasonable as yourself on / r/ireland . 
  if same sex couples can adequately raise a child , what 's wrong with a same sex d\u00e1il ? 
  ( i.e. 
  one composed only of men ) . 
  i believe that 's the point that was being made . 
  he 's aging well all things considered if that 's the case . 
  remember how bad limerick used to be ? 
  that 's waterford now . 
   the overwhelming feeling from a good pill , is the just total loved-up , at one with the world , and everyone in it , just feeling of empathy, 
  i 'm sorry , but i do n't find the idea of my mind being messed with like that to be appealing . 
  apparently . 
  it sure looks better in the main shopping areas now anyway . 
  apparently . 
   the government ( not the gaurds ) in my opinion are responsible for this woman 's death, 
  are you actually serious ? 
  it was her own fucking fault ( well , the drug dealers are n't guilt free either obviously ) . 
  do n't ask - this thread refuses to acknowledge that she did even remotely wrong .
