  combine the two , and you get anime that give the impression that only japanese and white people exist in the world . 
  personally i think the shine is fine . 
  it 's the red blemishing that they use sometimes that turns me off . 
  the majority of the time that 's just people having a bit of fun though . 
  not always though ... 
  different strokes for different folks , i guess . 
  exactly . 
  i think diebuster actually handled nudity far better than gunbuster ( even if nono ripping off her top in episode 1 was a bit pointless , regardless of its symbolism ) . 
  that 's your opinion on the matter . 
  mine , however , is different . 
   the yes side will probably go balls out with all their `` love is love !, 
  equality ftw !, 
  nonsense which i find unbearably twee and frustrating, 
  godammit , i had forgot about that . 
  i guess the next few months are going to be unbearable regardless of which side you support . 
  methinks you do n't understand china very well . 
  that can be subjective . 
  personally i find with anime that the tone of a lot of shows can be very multi-faceted . 
  fair enough . 
  i ca n't argue with a solid demo quote . 
  what did / pol / ruin exactly ? 
  like , they have their reputation , but that 's about it . 
  what a time to be alive . 
  / s4s / deserve everything they get thrown at them . 
  the place is a shithole . 
  why does it matter that the men are white ? 
  why pay for something in a shop when it 's being put on shelves in the streets for free ? 
  also , not everybody is wealthy enough to afford to pay for all the media they consume . 
   but not birth control for women because they say it 's for recreational sex . 
  not that i 'm necessarily agreeing with them , but they 're largely correct there . 
  the uk is a democracy by any definition the term , and there are in fact non-whites in positions of power . 
  but i you can only do that so often before it becomes repetitive . 
  bitter much ? 
  you 're not entitled to have people buy your work . 
  i 've never understood how private trackers work , so i 'm kinda forced to use the more risky alternatives . 
   it 's only purpose is to make your dick hard, 
  but would n't men with ed use it for procreative sex too ? 
  maybe to you . 
  somebody does n't understand how piracy works ... 
   there is absolutely no justification for pirating . 
  debatable . 
  how about a poor 20-something who ca n't afford to pay for media ? 
  he/she was never going to contribute to the coffers of the media 's producer anyway . 
  how 's it look up there on your moral high ground ? 
  true . 
  but if the person who * copies * his work had zero intention of buying it in the first place , is that really stealing in the sense of causing a loss in revenue ? 
  oh please . 
  the powers of the house of lords are extremely limited in this day and age . 
  it 's a ceremonial/position of prestige more than anything . 
   it does n't really matter if you were going to buy it or not - if you were n't going to buy it , then you should be fine without it and do n't need to pirate it . 
  there 's a difference , for example , between not being able to afford an item of media and not wanting it . 
  it 's not as black and white as you describe . 
  you 're a nice person . 
  says you . 
  i have one , thank you very much . 
  you seem to be way too personally invested in my actions . 
  considering that i 've done that so many times in this thread so far , i 'll just copy a question i used elsewhere ;, 
  if the person downloads a digital copy of a product and had zero ability to buy/intention of buying it in the first place , is that really stealing in the sense of causing a loss in revenue or a loss of a product to sell ? 
  you do know when ww2 took place , right ? 
  and the circumstances that surrounded it ? 
  to be fair , the death penalty is a whole other can of worms . 
  let me assure you that reparations for rape were very far down on the list of priorities post-ww2 . 
  and you would n't have a snowball 's chance in hell of getting russia to even acknowledge something like that today . 
  i 've always maintained that those are two unrelated statistics and make for a crappy , sensationalised soundbite that does the feminist movement no favours . 
   they can pay me for it . 
  there , you said it yourself ; * can * pay you for it . 
  all i 'm saying is that in the age of piracy , the expectation that you 're going to be paid for every iteration of your produce is a pretty faulty assumption . 
  i 'm not saying whether that is inherently good or bad . 
  in fact , my original comment was just pointing out how bitter your comment was . 
  sorry , not the best choice of words there . 
  but the way i look at it is , tying rape stats to a completely unrelated statistic to make a more significant impression just does n't strike me as a particularly virtuous way of raising rape awareness . 
  ha , good luck with that . 
  explaining = / = justifying . 
  unless you go to the comments at the very bottom , there 's nobody justifying rape here . 
  i do n't think commenting on and discussing historical events is restricted to historians, 
  well , not in those words exactly ... 
  i 've seen more extreme feminists say things along those lines . 
  * unauthorised copy of a product, 
   i 'm not debating whether or not it 's accurate to assume i will be paid for every iteration of my product . 
  i 'm debating that i should be , regardless of your shitty rationale that being too broke to afford a luxury ( which media entertainment is ) means you just get to take it . 
   if people were pirating educational resources , or college classes , or things that will give them access to a brighter future , then fine . 
  freedom of information , woo . 
  is that not a double standard though ? 
  also , what is considered a luxury and what is not is a very subjective issue . 
   but they are n't . 
  they 're pirating videogames , movies , music , porn , and artwork ,, 
  plenty of people torrent textbooks due to how expensive they are . 
   `` wahh , i 'm too broke to buy this cd , '' they say , as they buy another 12 pack of beer and another dimebag to smoke in their parents ' basement . 
  yet there are also plenty of pirates who ca n't afford any of those things . 
  should they be forced to live a life deprived of entertainment ? 
  ( you 're going to say yes , are n't you ? ), 
  i do n't think the feminists would like that . 
  us mortals can only dream of such a decadent life . 
  subject pronouns are my trigger , shitlord !, 
  this is shitty , generic advice that does n't work in real life regardless of what all the guys on reddit who jump at the chance to offer romantic advice say . 
  wait , could somebody explain to be why the yak 141 is so significant if the 38p seemed to have thrust vectoring years before it ? 
   but they all do it differently . 
  but the thing is , i 'm not seeing how the thrust vectoring the yak-38 employed is * that * different from how it was used in the yak-141 . 
  ironically , this is good advice . 
  i still do n't agree with the confidence bit though .
