  your post took issue with people trying to morally justify piracy , which is fine . 
  but now you 're implying that pirates are bad people . 
  fair enough . 
  still do n't like the title though , and i do n't appear to be the only one taking issue with it . 
   one of the main reasons our founding fathers made the right to bear arms a law was as a defense against corrupt government . 
   implying modern americans would ever be able to rise up against their government . 
  it is n't the 1700 's any more , buddy . 
  in most western european countries it is ridiculously difficult to get your hands on a gun . 
   having guns eliminates the need for douche bag cops, 
  does n't appear to be working in america . 
  pretty much , yeah . 
  only the earlier european elises had rover engines and they are n't very popular . 
  to be fair , there is n't a lot that can go seriously wrong with an elise . 
  they 're relatively simple . 
   implying the us government , with the most powerful military and police force in the world , would be deterred by some rednecks brandishing their guns on capitol hill, 
   implying that people in the military do n't have families that would be harmed if the military were given orders to attack civilians . 
   implying members of the military do n't want to keep their jobs so they continue to protect and provide for their family, 
  you 're living in one hell of a dreamworld . 
  i actually hope there 's an attempted `` uprising '' against the us government in my lifetime , just so that the likes of you will see how wrong you were . 
  pharmacies only tend to have the foam ones in my experience . 
  all i can do us laugh at that statement . 
  you really are deluded . 
  just because they hate the government does n't mean they will all abandon their posts when some rednecks turns up on capitol hill brandishing firearms . 
  in fact , given how jumpy america tends to be about terrorism and shootings , the rednecks would quickly find themselves facing the business end of military/law enforcement firearms . 
  this is like arguing with a 10 year old who has but the faintest grasp of how the military would react in the vast majority of countries to an armed uprising . 
  the historical evidence is there for all to see for one thing . 
  obviously when i say `` rednecks '' i 'm generalizing . 
  but you 're never gon na see a proper uprising in america that includes anything but the lower echelons of the working class demographic . 
  and without the support of the average working/middle class citizen , no uprising would be taken seriously by the government or the military . 
  huh , i might make a call there in that case . 
  i 've heard that the wax ones are better than the foam ones . 
  it probably wo n't come to that , not that untrained civilians having firearms would be much help against a modern invading military anyway . 
  i did n't know that there were yellow ones . 
  i 've only been able to find the blue ones . 
  any idea where i might find the yellow ones ? 
  asymmetric warfare only works if the superior force has qualms about collateral damage . 
  hence why america could easily have won in vietnam if they can just carpet bombed every square inch of enemy territory . 
  huh , never seen them before . 
  or maybe i just have n't been looking out for them . 
  thanks for the advice . 
  we 're taking hypothetically here . 
  also , i only referred to enemy territory . 
  thanks very much . 
  i doubt i 'll get into the city by then myself . 
  correlation does not imply causation . 
  thanks for the advice . 
  as for telling my roommate to shut up in the morning , he 's the sort where you 'd nearly need to give it to him in writing before he 'd cop on . 
  like , he 's not a bad guy and i do n't want to start a conflict with him . 
  and i am a very light sleeper , so i 'd say no matter how quiet he was he 'd still probably wake me ( his bedroom is right beside mine ) . 
  you have zero idea how the government response to a large-scale armed uprising in america would play out , so yes we 're talking hypothetically . 
  quit being so aggressive - that 'll get you nowhere in life . 
  can confirm . 
  ca n't throw a ball over-arm to save my life . 
  thanks for the tip !, 
   then i sit against the wall and die silently, 
  and everybody just resumes partying . 
  heh , look at this guy . 
  i bet he does n't even visit / r9k / . 
  as somebody who did n't watch chuunibyou season 1 , i can confirm that chuunibyou season 2 did indeed take place . 
  christ knows i saw enough bitching about it on / a / . 
  nor should somebody be obliged to change their behaviour ( provided that it 's legal ) just because some special snowflake is offended . 
  thanks very much !, 
  i 'll try and get them tomorrow . 
  people have different senses of humour - is that such a hard concept to grasp ? 
   persecute, 
  are you actually serious ? 
  no it 's not . 
  quit being dramatic . 
  how do you even function outside in the real world ? 
  and you know this how ? 
  not necessarily . 
  sure , there will often be elements of propaganda - but with regard to the news media that exists across the world today , prioritizing the news items that the news outlet believes its target audience is most interested in is a central premise attached to the end of the `` provide the people with the news '' objective . 
  a bit melodramatic , no ? 
  the fact that you 're being downvoted sorta proves your point . 
  never said it was n't true . 
  i just took issue with how it was being said . 
  i know . 
  although i 'm a fan of his , i 'd call that being dramatic for effect . 
  for you . 
  how many times do i have to say that i 'm not defending america ? 
  i have no allegiance to america - i 've never even been there . 
  i 'm aware of your attempt to call me hypocritical , but in your original comment you implied that all the people in this thread were bad in some way by saying that you were `` embarrassed to have seen this thread '' . 
  if you did n't find it funny , that 's fine . 
  but instead you attempted to snidely mock those that did find the video funny . 
  why do they bother you irrationally even if used in a wartime setting ? 
  your point being ? 
  oh right , sorry . 
  a lot of people i 've interacted with in this thread have been a bit hostile , so i had my guard up . 
  gah , it * burns !, 
  ireland ca n't into homosphere right now . 
  is it difficult to install though ? 
  and will be i replacing my modem and my router , or just the router ? 
  pretty much . 
  there 's even a government funded quango to maintain the trap . 
  i hate eircom as much as the next guy , but i 've found their customer support to be * not terrible * . 
  just pray you can understand the accent of the person on the other end though . 
  apparently some atheists groups were n't best pleased about this . 
  seems like a bit of a stupid thing to get annoyed about . 
  jesus christ , the amount of teacher-hate and bitterness in this thread is rather disturbing . 
  well played .
