  the in-game debut of blue team got some serious limelight just before launch , yet their role in game was completely perfunctionary . 
  and much more . 
  seriously , go back and watch the trailers or listen to hunt the truth again . 
  it 's like they 're promoting an entirely different game . 
  do you want a medal ? 
  an upvote will do for future reference . 
  no , my gripe has nothing to do with the ads ( which is n't real ads anyway so it 's not an issue ) . 
  the way bullet magnetism and the aim assist works is completely different to previous halo games ( or at least it was at launch ) . 
   but maybe it 's because of how awful halo 4 was to me but i really enjoy 5 's . 
  in retrospect , more lore fans consider halo 4 to have a really strong story in retrospect . 
  it acted as a great launchpad for the rest of the reclaimer saga , but halo 5 appears to have squandered that potential . 
   i loved the way they expanded the universe . 
  except many important aspects of the expanded universe are either incorrect , poorly handled , or just plain ignored in halo 5 . 
  and many of the universe additions just feel token . 
  to put it in context , / r/halostory was less enthusiastic than / r/halo was about halo 5 . 
  in retrospect , i think halo 4 was a pretty good game . 
  the multiplayer was a bit of a mess , but the singleplayer has a relatively strong story and decent gameplay mechanics . 
   while i dont mind the ads, 
  people seem to be misunderstanding me . 
  i do n't have an issue with ads ( it 's not even real ads anyway ) - just the changes that were made to bullet magnetism and aim assist . 
   i literally cant spend hundreds of hours trying to earn req packs to unlock all the armors ( of which there are so many its absurd , lore wise ) and i 'm definitely not buying random packs . 
  i could n't agree more . 
  if i do n't have a degree of control over what armor i unlock , that robs me of what i consider to be a core aspect of halo multiplayer since the 360 launched . 
  you 're right . 
  but they 've lost quite a few core and tong-time fans , which is never good for a community . 
  he fell into a portal at the end of halo 4 - it sent him to another halo . 
  he did n't die , nor is he technically dead now . 
  as for why it is n't explained in game , halo has always been poor at in game exposition . 
  that 's exactly what they did . 
  i 've been told that it 's been patched to be more like the aiming system of halo 4 , but i have n't summoned up the willpower to go back to halo 5 to find out . 
  suffice to say though , the way it was at launch rendered me unable to hit targets despite having been playing halo reach and halo 4 just days prior . 
  fans of the lore like myself ( i used to be very active in / r/halostory for example ) do n't have an issue with expanding the lore - in fact that was the main reason i was so hyped for halo 5 . 
  it 's the ways they expanded the lore that people like me dislike . 
  and i 'm not throwing a hissy fit because i do n't like the direction the plot is taking , but rather i have a problem with the sheer disregard and ignorance halo 5 's campaign has for the expanded universe lore ( and even for the events of halo 4 and spartan ops ) . 
   isnt a bit too much ? 
  why would it be too much ? 
  many long time halo fans strongly dislike halo 5 . 
   i did n't play 4 enough and have n't play reach recently enough to notice the difference . 
  that 's understandable . 
  i 'm a huge fan of halo reach in particular , so i was playing that ( and to a lesser extent halo 4 ) right up until halo 5 's launch . 
  the indo is just pro-government/pro-establishment . 
  i do n't think they have any particular party loyalty . 
  true , but even on an individual post level , the posts were considerably more negative in / r/halostory, 
  it 's a good subreddit - very knowledgeable community . 
  when you consider what movie it is that you are eager to see , my assumption gains considerable legitimacy . 
   i agree with everything you said except halo : reach being the best . 
  well it all comes down to person preference i guess , but i maintain that reach 's multiplayer still felt like halo . 
  oh right . 
  in that case i totally understand where you 're coming from . 
   agree to disagree . 
  i thought halo reach was a pile of shit and think halo finally feels like halo again with halo 5 . 
  it has n't played this good since halo 2 for me . 
  yeah , i definitely disagree with that entire statement . 
  in fact , i think you could n't be more wrong . 
  exactly . 
  dude , i 've had this argument countless times on reddit alone . 
  i can guarantee that i 've been a halo fan longer than you , and while i agree with you on halo 4 to a certain extent , people who say that there was no skill ( competitiveness is subjective ) in halo reach clearly do n't know what they 're talking about . 
  the only broken mechanic in that game was armor lock . 
   completely useless weapons made reach lack any competitiveness or skill . 
  halo 5 has those in droves . 
   and i really do n't care if you say you 've been a `` halo fan longer than me '' or whatever , halo 5 has brought back the competitiveness and skill that went mia from 4 especially from reach . 
  reach 's mp was the farthest thing from halo since halo mcc 's failed launch . 
  that 's all subjective bullshit as far as i 'm concerned . 
  you 've failed to outline anything that is present in halo 5 that adds a higher skill requirement or greater degree of `` competitiveness '' to the game than what was present in halo reach . 
   your opinion is already invalid because you think reach feels more like halo than halo 5 . 
  my opinion is invalid - * in your opinion * . 
  big difference . 
  get back to me when you have a coherent argument . 
  nice demonstration of maturity and intelligence there . 
  very / r/halo . 
  is it not implied that this is the same chance meeting from tsukihi phoenix episode 3 ? 
  almost everything about the scene is identical . 
   who the hell are these people that seem to think it 's perfectly fine to continue the same old game into this generation ? 
  we 're desperately looking for some hope , a path forward , a life with dignity and the opportunity to participate in the system and be rewarded in kind . 
  you are aware that you live in * ireland ? 
  * that sort of idealism does n't hold up regardless of who you vote for . 
   it still seems far more likely to be considered to the ongoing feud involving hutch gang . 
  have n't the various factions of the ira typically been heavily intertwined with the drug gangs in recent years ? 
  could this claim just not be a bluff to distract from investigation into the gang feud element of the shooting ? 
  the criminal gangs got burned badly by the likes of cab in the past - i doubt they 'll want another murder-fuelled investigation into their activities . 
  as an irish person , i do n't get this reference . 
  yep . 
  whereas aim assist is very low compared to previous halo games . 
  it makes the game feel very different . 
  what relation is he to the hutch man killed in spain ? 
  jesus , they 're gon na drag us back to the 1990 's . 
  but what relation is he to eddie ? 
  brother ? 
  son ? 
  jesus , gerry and eddie must have been fairly old in that case considering how old gary is at this stage . 
  sorry , i said gerry when i meant gary . 
  damn their similar names !, 
   not unless they start putting car bombs in town . 
  when did the criminal gangs do that in the 90 's ? 
   yeah , i really have no idea what that 's got to do with it . 
  i do n't know whether they did it in collusion with the monk , although that seems highly unlikely , as he has never had any links with the cira or any ira groups iirc . 
  i guess we 'll just have to wait and see with that one . 
  could be bullshit , i really have no clue . 
  my guess is that it 's a bluff . 
  given the involvement that the various factions of the ira have had with ireland 's gangland activities and crime families since the 90 's , it 's not unrealistic to believe that the monk has contacts in the cira .
