  and she was a much better visitor than obama . 
  maybe some students in the college value the chaplaincy in the same way that societies and clubs are valued by other students ( that was certainly the case in my college , as i outlined in another comment ) . 
  both clubs/societies and the chaplaincy receive college funding . 
  why should one not while the others do ? 
   stand up and speak up when someone is spouting garbage that is wrong . 
  in your opinion . 
   i live and die by the anecdotes i read on the internet . 
  a man after my own heart . 
  one word : filters . 
  far more convenient to set up than sending an email requesting them to stop . 
  yep , they 're always after the catholic church , whose abuses of women 's rights pale in comparison to those of islam . 
  i was joking . 
  i know that neither are any good for piracy . 
  the lack of tor compatibility with torrents still irks me though . 
  they obviously did n't try hard enough . 
  you can block emails based on virtually any type of criteria . 
  did n't say anything even remotely racist . 
  just making an educated guess based on the facts at hand where your sexually repressive mindset is stemming from . 
  well in terms of compatibility , i suppose it is technically possible , but it 's not an easy thing to do from what i 've read . 
  my college had both , as do most major 3rd level institutions . 
  given how much distaste / r/ireland generally has for religion and religious people , it goes to show how petty the article you linked is that people are not agreeing with you . 
  whoah buddy , take a step back and look at yourself for a moment . 
  you 're the one who attacks any post on / r/anime that contains sexual content . 
  if anybody is being an idiot , it 's you . 
  and you 've been at it for quite some time , which makes it all the more sad . 
  what do you actually hope to achieve with your incomprehensible rants against sexualised anime content ? 
  just because mental health is a priority , that does n't mean funds should be sapped from everything that 's less important in order to support it . 
  it reminds me of a situation in ucc that my brother was telling me about recently . 
  the student health service was having severe problems operating within their budget , so introduced a $ 20 fee for appointments regarding contraception . 
  this was implemented so students could still visit the clinic for regular appointments free of charge . 
  however , apparently this did n't go down well with elements within the college ( mainly female ) . 
  they wanted the contraceptive appointments to be free because they considered them to be a priority for some reason , and suggested that fees be applied to regular appointments in order to subsidise the contraceptive appointments . 
  this in turn did n't go down well with other members of the student body . 
  so not only do people place priorities on different things in college , but just because one service is considered a priority does n't mean every other service should have to suffer to fund it . 
  the chaplaincy ? 
  some might say the same about the student counselling service . 
  one provides mental guidance , the other provides spiritual guidance . 
  and ? 
  what 's wrong with that service being provided on a more familiar , convenient , and cordial basis at a college . 
  i imagine it would suit students who were that way inclined a lot more . 
  clubs and societies get college resources all the time ( albeit sometimes through a different system ) . 
  so do mental health services . 
  ( a ) nobody really listens to you because you have a reputation for ranting and raving , and ( b ) why do care so much what other people think of your hobby ? 
  i 've said it before and i 'll say it again , what is there to be gained from mocking the religious beliefs of others ? 
  most atheists i know who do this seem to gain nothing from it but a feeling of smug self satisfaction . 
  so yeah , that 's pretty much why i imagine people mock those who needlessly mock religion . 
   who knows nothing about anime was to see this they would think that anime is some disgusting creepy ass shit . 
  that strongly indicates that you care what other people think of your hobby . 
   i will still keep going and i do n't care, 
  enjoy wasting your time then . 
  seems pretty pointless and antagonistic to me . 
  just as much fun as the guy who mocks religion any chance he gets . 
   i do n't give a shit about your `` best girl '' crap or `` hime '' idiocy but she was stupid all along and the worst character . 
  if we 're going to start shitting on characters for being idealistic , that 's going to rule out a lot of anime characters from being considered `` good '' . 
  i dunno , i felt the first season was pretty weak . 
  not necessarily bad , but certainly lacking anything that made it stand out ( other than the jarring cg ) . 
  season 2 on the other hand started out quite well ( once we got over the fact that everybody was still alive and kicking ) , and it seemed like them might go interesting places with the plot . 
  slaine became a considerably more interesting character ( even if he was still a dick ) , they gave inaho * some * personality and struggles , and it seemed like we might get answers for some longstanding plot mysteries . 
  with each passing episode they drew us in with more intrigue and the promise of a big reward at the end . 
  but in the end , the thing that prevented season 2 from leaving it 's prequel in the dust was that it just did n't deliver on what it was seemingly building towards . 
  no deaths , no big reveals , no conflicted or morally ambiguous ending . 
  not to mention all the plot points that have been left hanging for two seasons now . 
  and do n't get me started on how slaine 's disposition seemed to be all over the place during the finale ... 
  ** edit : ** one of the few things i liked about the finale though was slaine 's fall from grace . 
  it was handled quite well , and in this regard i think it was better that he did n't die . 
   fantastic series !, 
  you 're one of very few people who seem to be saying that after today 's episode . 
   his was not that type of world nor that type of anime , but the writers forced it to become that in the end . 
  i do n't even think the writers knew what type of anime or world they wanted aldnoah.zero to be . 
   this episode feels empty, 
  it would have felt even more empty were it not for the rather decent battle scenes . 
  it 's a political marriage - so many people are failing to realise this . 
  i 'd be surprised if there was any love between them . 
  made worse by the fact that they teased us at the start of season 2 by actually improving on season 1 . 
  but that could n't last now , could it ? 
  because why the fuck would something good ever happen ? 
  i 'd recommend it as an example of how * not * to do cgi in anime . 
   do you actually like this guy who came out of nowhere ? 
  most likely not . 
  it 's a political marriage , remember ? 
  i would have thought that both of them killing each other would have been a bit trite/generic , but i agree with gist of what you 're saying . 
  7/10 - an enjoyable romp , but literally nothing of substance . 
  only slainefags say that . 
  same can be said for virtually any road in donegal . 
  the place is a nightmare to drive in , especially during periods of bad weather . 
  but ^ i ^ ^ have ... 
  america 's space program leaves a lot to be desired at the moment . 
  most colleges run a licensed version of gmail , which has the best filtering system i 've come across . 
  regardless , a email system without filtering capability would be very odd . 
  pretty much , yeah . 
  when i realised that i was asexual , i had to reconcile myself with the fact that i would be alone forever . 
  fortunately i have the type of personality that can handle that . 
  definitely would n't be enough traffic to warrant your latter suggestion . 
  i 'm an asexual male . 
  never had an interest in sex , yet i 'm mentally sound last time i checked . 
  but apparently you 're an expert ... / s, 
   cheating is never acceptable . 
  says who ? 
  how come i never manage to find these lazy-ass jobs that still pay enough to live on ? 
  i live in a relatively small community .
