  forgive me if i 'm skeptical of judgements people on / r/ireland make about me . 
  it 's just that they have a track record of being inaccurate . 
  ah , but i do n't love anybody nor have i any intention to ever marry . 
  as i said , i 'm an exceptionally detached from this issue . 
   debatably shittier , but definitely different , far more liberal views . 
   debatably, 
  also , accusing others of autism is a bit rich coming from somebody who claims to frequent / mlp / . 
  unless you factor in the rehabilitated washout theory . 
   implying the same ca n't be said for everybody here, 
   it 's embarrassing and unfortunately there is a lot of truth in it . 
  it 's not a good thing . 
  sounds like you care a bit too much what other people think of you . 
  or , conversely , some people just have had experience with women and know that it 's just not worth if . 
  but you can continue to believe that it 's sour grapes if that 's what makes you feel superior . 
  or one of the pelicans from the kilo 5 trilogy . 
   this generic chad advice, 
  also , maybe it ca n't be said for most people here , but i actually use 4chan as much as i use reddit . 
  the belief that you can only use one or the other is just retarded . 
  believe it or not , i lived the normie life until about the age of 20 . 
  did pretty much all the expected activities and such . 
  got bored of it real fast once i went to college though . 
  well , they were put in cold storage with the hope that they could be one day revived and rehabilitated . 
  i love the way that you think you know me based solely on the fact that i have enough time to kill commenting on threads in / r/ireland that i do n't have an * express * interest in . 
  what 's even better is that i 've always despised people who do the opposite of what 's advised/the norm just for the sake of being `` contrary '' . 
  ever considered that i just do n't really care either way about the referendum result but find the discussion of the topic somewhat interesting/entertaining nonetheless ? 
  which is more or less what i 've told people when they have questioned me on my presence in marriage equality threads . 
  like the way i might like discussing a presidential election in another country despite not really caring about the result . 
  so you can fuck off with your tumblr-tinged psychological analysis of somebody you 've never met . 
  i may be wasting my time posting on threads i 've no real interest in , but you 're certainly doing to same writing paragraphs on what you * think * an anonymous person on the internet is really like behind the screen . 
  different strokes for different folks , i guess . 
  exactly , and / r/ireland has that little more . 
   implying it 's not possible to use both sites, 
  you do realise that those helicopters serve valuable purposes other than combat roles ? 
  in fact , they 're rarely if ever used for combat roles . 
  so get your head out of your arse and cop on . 
  are n't those augustas pretty old by now ? 
  and why do we only have 2 helicopters in the garda air support unit ? 
   does not imply that the guards only have two . 
  would you be surprised if it were true though ? 
   what made you want to turn into a r9k wizard tho ? 
  combination of things . 
  it began when i was going through some personal shit , so i retreated from the social scene for a while . 
  during that period i ran into some trouble in college and soon after became quite sick for about 4 months . 
  this was followed by a period of trying to fix everything and get back on track with my life . 
  it was mid-way though final year before i had everything sorted and by then i had isolated myself from my former social circles . 
  instead of making an effort to reintegrate though , i just focused on my studies , graduated , and accepted the hand life had dealt me . 
  maybe not the best reaction but it 's over 5 years later and i 'm doing fine . 
  there only seems to be 2 to me . 
   but i ca n't continue to argue with you because this whole site is full of anti-feminist groupthink . 
  yeah , because * that 's * the reason people are disagreeing with you ... 
  ireland is safe for the moment . 
  we have somehow remained largely unscathed by the sjw tide so far . 
  our history of being a conservative country is proving difficult for the sjws to crack . 
  they 're trying though . 
  hardly an original form of counter-protest on this issue . 
  watch / r/ireland lap it up though . 
   she 's not criticizing his choice to exercise , you delusional fat fuck , she 's criticizing his pointless need to `` show off '' in front of her . 
  that 's a bit rich coming from a woman though , is n't it ? 
  gender is never relevant on 4chan and should be kept that way . 
  i did n't claim he was being original either . 
  but a bit of creativity in both protest and counter-protest might liven up this long stale build-up to the referendum . 
  no , that would just be embarrassing . 
  nice attempted dig at me there though . 
  some behaviours and practices work on the internet but do n't work as well in real life . 
  this is fairly basic stuff . 
  americans have a odd relationship with european cars in particular . 
  generally they like them , but at the same time they hate them . 
  your point being ? 
  i do n't think we can hold out much longer though . 
  the tide from continental europe and america can only be held back for so long . 
   best man is n't inclined to invite guys who will dress up like the third reich, 
  is this something grooms genuinely have to consider these days ? 
   i was merely pointing out that rioting is not only a black thing, 
  that certainly seems to be a black thing in america in recent history . 
  that 's pretty damn old at this stage . 
  huh , i did n't actually know until i read your comment that they 'd changed his va. 
  although the first few levels are definitely not among the most memorable of the franchise , once you get to the storm , things significantly step up a gear . 
  i thought we were talking about green text ? 
  no , that 's not how i feel about this at all . 
  some people in / r/ireland have been advocated that no voters are barely/not even human . 
   if ` no ' wins , will we be better or worse off as a society ? 
  from a democratic point of view , neither . 
  democracy will have prevailed ( as it should ) regardless of the result . 
  i 'm not voting no myself , but i 'd love to just say `` i 'm voting no '' to see the look on their faces and watch them descend into name-calling and shouting . 
  there sure is a lot of newfaggotry in this comment thread . 
  sure it 's only marriage ... 
  but what if i do n't ? 
   feck off with your actual discussions of things that may matter to people . 
  it does n't matter to everybody though . 
  and to be fair , it 's getting a bit repetitive at this stage . 
  but the thing is , xbl used to be much more stable in the past . 
  if anything , the release of the xbox one should have reduced the load on the xbox 360 service . 
  i could n't even use some of my apps . 
  they would just load forever . 
  are the issues we 're experiencing this weekend the result of a ddos attack though ? 
  calm yourself . 
  there 's been no concrete confirmation of a ddos attack . 
  reposting day-old shite from facebook now , are we ? 
  do you actually expect maturity and tolerance of differing opinions on / r/ireland ? 
  it 's actually very hypocritical .
