  which it should n't . 
  if the women want privacy away from those evil evil men , they should find a women-only gym . 
  the correct course of action is not to discriminate against men in a unisex gym . 
  well , the culture of litigation did come from america originally . 
   i meant no harm or ill-intent, 
  - means no harm or ill-intent, 
  - refers to fandom as a monstrosity, 
  uh-huh ... ... . 
  great article !, 
  thanks for the link . 
  then what 's the point of / r/bronyhate ? 
  that subreddit has a history of attempting to fuck things up for bronies . 
  although the / r/mlsg fiasco was going to be my main point of reference , i can also cite various downvoting and crap-posting raids i 've experienced the main mlp sub and / r/mlplounge over the past few months . 
  in addition , this whole idea you 're proposing of asking contentious and drama-provoking questions in an mlp-related iama strikes me as nothing but trouble-making . 
  apology accepted . 
  let 's hope nothing bad comes of it . 
  as for attributing blame to the raids , they do n't really affect us at all so it 's fine . 
  sure , we 'd prefer not to see them happening , but as long as nothing akin to the / r/mlsg incident happens again , i 'll be happy . 
  but what is the point of hook-turns ? 
  not * necessarily * ... . 
  what 's wrong with having different priorities in life and making life choices accordingly ? 
  oh troll , you make me laugh ... . 
  yeah , mock the people who make different life choices - real mature !, 
  first of all , spending 180 on a pair of boots is ridiculous . 
  and why they hell should you be dressing for anybody except yourself ? 
  jeez , what 's your problem ? 
  y ` see , i have a problem with the whole `` srs is a circlejerk , they do n't really want to change anything . 
  they are just in it for the lulz '' . 
  many members of srs actively hate reddit ( which is a tad ironic ) and have a superiority complex in relation to everybody outside of srs on the site . 
  they lead downvote brigades and have been rumoured to engage in activities that go against accepted reddiquette . 
  and while you 're right in saying that much of the stuff they make fun of is douchy , the tend to cherrypick the stuff they make fun of - their unbridled hatred of white males being one particular aspect of note . 
  i 'm confused - you seem angry with me yet i ca n't see what i did to antagonise you . 
  all i was doing was giving my rational opinion of srs . 
  and believe me , srs * loathes * white males for the most part . 
  but it 's called a comfort zone for a reason - a person tends to be comfortable there . 
  and is that not what we all desire in life ? 
  i 'm not asking you to believe me - after all , i said that my view on srs was merely my * opinion * . 
  it 's an opinion i personally think is rational based on the actions of srs that i have seen during my time on reddit . 
  the only reason i commented on the emotional aspect of your statement is because it did seem pretty antagonistic - `` y' all normal `` white males '' can be fucking heinous ` round here '' and `` the rotting fruit is falling on their heads like rain ? '', 
  being examples of that . 
  what do you mean exactly ? 
  okay , admittedly it was a poor choice of words saying `` believe me '' in my second comment since i was merely giving my opinion - an opinion i believe to be true and which could be easily proven by having a look at the comments sections in many srs posts . 
  but other than that , i stand by everything else i 've said . 
  everything i said was based off my experiences - i never claimed anything else . 
  for instance , i used the term `` rumours '' because i * know * i ca n't prove that they have done such things - anybody who has tried to do so in the past has been shut down by srs-ers or even admins . 
  but i 've seen what they did , so it helped formulate my opinion of them . 
  i 'd also like to point out that you seem to be a little too supportive of srs to be unbiased . 
  if you go to the comments sections of srs , time and time again you will see unbridled hatred of straight , white males - * that * i can guarantee . 
  as for loaded words , your comments have n't exactly been devoid of them either . 
  what you 're saying is undeniably true , but i 've had enough disappointment and failure in my short life to know that there is some wisdom in the mantra `` aim low and you 'll never be disappointed '' . 
  currently on reddit using my phone at work , so sorry for the delay - and i obviously ca n't dig up sources right now . 
  although i 'm starting to doubt why i should bother doing so when i get home since you seem very firmly in the `` pro-srs '' camp . 
  as opposed to your edgy and hardcore life , yes ? 
  the sheer bravery - it 's reaching dangerous levels !!, 
  the euphoria will consume us all in a wave of edginess !, 
  not a problem with atheism , just a problem with many of the atheists commenting here . 
  so a person can only be intelligent if they are an atheist ? 
  seems legit !, 
  you must have felt so euphoric writing that comment . 
  so , basically what you 're saying is that atheists will always be more intelligent than religious people and that no religious person can ever be as smart as the glorious atheist master race ? 
  personally i 'm not a member of any organised religious congregation , but many of the smartest people i know are devout catholics . 
  i think you 're just showing the trademark atheist arrogance that gives other atheists a bad name . 
  but can we definitively prove that there is no higher level of existence ? 
  no , just as we ca n't definitively prove that there is . 
  that 's why it 's called faith , and people are entitled to have it just as much as you are entitled not to have it . 
  intelligent people can be either religious or atheists , just as stupid people can be either religious or atheists . 
  and do n't compare people to computers dude - that 's just over-simplifying the situation . 
  edit : a word . 
  yes , faith is subjective - it is different to every person . 
  but why does that make it bad ? 
  now , of course , if faith and science clash over something science can actually prove , well then science will should always be given precedence . 
  that 's one of the reasons i fell out with organised religion - the fact that many religious sects refuse to acknowledge when science * definitively * proves aspects of the their religious beliefs incorrect . 
  however , i 'm an ardent supporter of faith being a personal thing . 
  as i mentioned in a previous comment , since science ca n't definitively prove that there is no higher level of existence , people are entitled to believe that there is - there is no clash between science and religion in this case . 
  religious/faithful people have this right just as much as you have the right to be an atheist . 
  i guess i should `` check my privilege '' , eh ? 
  damn , i hate that phrase !, 
   one example is that islam today in many places is like christianity 400-500 years ago - demanding adherence to the rules laid down by the priest-class under penalty of death, 
  this i completely agree with and is the perfect example of where religion goes wrong . 
  however , the waning non-religious influence of the catholic church is an example of how organised religion * can * ( to a certain extent ) work cohesively in a modern society . 
   they 've even discovered that the tunnel of light in near-death experiences is the deep-memory parts of the brain firing off after the brain has been starved of oxygen, 
  i 've never really bought into the `` tunnel of light '' thing being anything to do with spirituality anyway - there 's always a biological answer when it comes to things like that . 
  well , for one thing , i 've never even visited / r/circlejerk so quit making assumptions . 
  also , do n't make personal insults - it 's not conducive to a good debate . 
  so tell me , why are * reasonable * people of faith not entitled to respect ? 
  `` he got her drunk '' - what did he do ? 
  force the alcohol down her throat with a funnel ? 
  she accepted the drink . 
  when you actively drink alcohol , the only personal responsible when you get drunk is yourself . 
  if you think otherwise you are being sexist because you assume women ca n't make their own decisions . 
  whoah , you need to calm down - no need for all the caps . 
   got you drunk, 
  once again , it 's this phrase i have issue with . 
  he did n't spike her drink - she chose to consume the alcohol . 
  she was responsible for her drunken state . 
   not just by my rules , but by the law . 
  depends where you live actually . 
  but besides , consent given while drunk should still be considered consent if the person giving the consent is responsible for their own state of drunkenness . 
  that said , i do n't condone the action of having sex with a drunk individual in such a case ( although if both parties are intoxicated the maliciousness of the situation is somewhat mitigated in my opinion ) , i do n't consider it rape . 
   yeah , got her drunk , like he admits to doing on purpose .
