  i remember being on the verge of shitting myself in cork city one day and it took me forever to find a usable toilet . 
  nobody deserves to go through that shit ( no pun intended ) . 
  so , who knows how to make an app ? 
  college is nothing but an exercise in fucking other people over . 
  is typhoon cobra that typhoon that struck near the philippines and did serious damage to one of the us fleets ? 
  sadly those fuckers who tear the pages out will likely succeed in life . 
  what 's your point and how is it relevant to this comic ? 
  edgy teenagers , pls leave . 
  irish people too . 
  i 've never been in a house in ireland where the owners take their shoes off . 
  if you 're signed up to xbox live rewards , one of the features is a monthly survey you can complete for 250 credits . 
  xbox live store credit . 
  in the past year i 've earned over $ 10 worth . 
  it 's not much , but when you take into account that the survey is nearly the only thing that takes any amount of time ( about 2 minutes a month ) , it 's practically free money . 
  the other offers are based on purchases you make/your gamer score , referring friends to xbox live , and watching/buying certain things on xbox live . 
  the credit gets converted to your local currency when deposited into your microsoft account . 
  so , when you go pay for something on xbox live , you 'll have a balance there that you can use in conjunction with your credit card . 
  it 's no secret that my mother always wanted a daughter , even though she always denies it when it 's put to her . 
  instead she got 3 sons . 
  i know she loves us all , but i get the feeling she sometimes feels a bit isolated as the only woman in our house ( nobody to talk to about womanly things - also , she grew up with 3 sisters ) . 
  this has led to her being very enthusiastic about myself and my two brothers getting girlfriends ( and possibly grandchildren down the line ) . 
  unluckily for her , even as adults/older teenagers the 3 of us are extremely private about our social lives , and only one of us ( not me ) would have the social aptitude and desire to get a girlfriend . 
  on a personal level , even i think having a girl in the mix would have been a good idea . 
  me and my brothers do n't really get on at all . 
  too much competitiveness and aggression growing up . 
  still , at least my mother gets to lavish her only niece with loads of attention whenever she visits . 
  some siblings grow up to hate each other . 
  just sayin ' . 
  source : my family . 
   my friend 's dad 's side of the family has n't had a girl born in over a hundred years . 
  that 's an impressive record !, 
  not at all . 
  my family is the weird one . 
   4chan 'd influence me otherwise . 
  wincest ? 
   my second oldest brother once built a trebuchet . 
  not a small model one , a life size-boulder throwing-trebuchet . 
  you say this as if it were a bad thing . 
  unless you live in an urban area ... 
  jeez , they ai n't being subtle about it in that case . 
  i thought teenage boys would have more tact about it these days . 
  i 've no idea why this is being downvoted - you answered the question honestly . 
  that 's shitty . 
  thanks for the info though . 
  and you 're basing this assumption on what exactly ... . ? 
  that sounds like the most feminine household ever !, 
  a boy would have gone insane growing up there . 
  shhh , / r/ireland only sees things in black and white . 
  until the bandwagon goes somewhere else , all israelis are evil and all palestinians are persecuted saints . 
  i do n't get it . 
  i am always very careful never to consider myself nor my opinions as superior to others in any way . 
  but the sheer inability of people on this subreddit to see that the conflict in gaza is n't just a black and white `` the israelis are evil and the palestinians are completely innocent '' issue makes me think that for once i might be occupying some high ground . 
  ** edit : ** so , i 'll take the downvotes as an indication that the conflict * is * black and white ? 
  i just do n't understand why we ca n't just be more balanced in how we react to this crisis . 
  am i the only guy who never understood how somebody can masturbate while having a shower ? 
  it 's free when you take into account that for a long time the rewards system did n't exist and we were still paying for xbox live . 
  seriously , i 'm not trying to be dick here . 
  i 'm as confused as anybody as to why i 'm one of the few people here willing to look at the gaza conflict with some degree of balance . 
  any suggestion here that the israelis are n't evil or that the palestinians may have contributed to the current situation gets downvoted to hell . 
  so yes , i am willing to suggest that people here are being willfully blind to some of the facts . 
  maybe i follow global news more , or maybe i know more about the region 's history - who knows ? 
   because deep down a lot of irish have streak of anti-semitisim , from our catholic past . 
  i dunno how true that is , but i personally think it has moreso to do with the fact that irish people will always support the underdog in any global conflict similar to this one given our own history of being the underdog in our fight for independence . 
  this sort of blind support based on perceived similarities is retarded . 
   it 's a pity that rte or other mainstream media did n't show up for it . 
  it 's hardly newsworthy . 
  i 'd rather see more actual coverage and analysis of the conflict on the news than stuff like this . 
  give people the facts and let them make their own minds up . 
  to be fair , the book of condolences thing was just de valera being de valera ( unfortunately ) . 
  actually , mainly the bbc - widely considered the least biased news source available . 
  i 've never actually watched fox news in my life . 
  so , unless you actually have any constructive ways to counter my point , i 'll be on my way . 
  two younger brothers . 
  why do you ask ? 
  ... that seems even more awkward . 
  ... . well , i 'll concede that the familial issues you have dealt with seem much more serious than the ones i 've had/have . 
  jeez , why is everybody so aggressive here when it comes to gaza ? 
  man , the feminists will not like this comment ... . . 
  exactly . 
  nice to see somebody with a bit of common sense here . 
  everybody else seems content to downvote anything that implies israel might not be the devil incarnate . 
  godspeed , my good man . 
  i 've done every single one since rewards became available . 
  i ai n't saying no to free pennies . 
  oh right . 
  i could never masturbate without porn , so that one summer when i had no internet access kicked the habit for me at age 16 . 
  both sides in the gazan conflict have done some really despicable things , but the ease at which people are falling for propaganda that favours the palestinians is really rather worrying . 
  critical thinking skills seem to go out the window when a child dies apparently ( which is n't to say that a child or any civilian dying is not a tragedy ) . 
  i think we 're all well aware of the conflict in gaza . 
   history will be the judge of whats going on and we 'll be on the right side of it . 
  history is written by the victors . 
  you 're naive if you think that mainstream history has n't been manipulated by the victorious and dominant forces of their respective periods . 
  the truth to almost every historical event is out there , sure . 
  but it 's the story that reaches the majority that is largely accepted as the truth . 
   but majoritarian opinion does not constitute historical evidence . 
  never said it did . 
  but look at * history * and how many misconceptions the average person continues to hold : http://www.wikiwand.com/en/list_of_common_misconceptions#/history, 
  but hey , we ca n't resolve this between us without travelling 100 or so years into the future to see how the gaza conflict is remembered . 
  my guess will be that it would be ongoing . 
  the vast majority of vietnam protests took place in america - the country that was actually fighting in the war and whose government could actually make a difference if they listened to the protesters .
