  bit of a power fantasy you 've got going on there , methinks . 
  as much as americans can be annoying online ( like any other nationality really - except americans are louder ) , at least they speak english so i can understand when they 're being retarded . 
   tfw you 're called american but you 're actually european, 
  europe . 
  why do you ask ? 
  did i sate your curiosity ? 
  how so ? 
  and are you including russians in that ? 
  the chinese are * always * butthurt about something . 
  i 'm far from america 's biggest fan , but as it stands , i 'd rather see the us remain the world 's main superpower than see china get its foot in the door . 
  they look like an exploded penis . 
  they still do n't have the capacity to be the dominant global superpower though . 
  not yet anyway . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i do n't see how anybody could disagree with the original comment though . 
  there always is . 
  halp halp i 'm being degraded !, 
  b-b-but the patriarchy !!, 
  we ca n't afford to extinguish its shining beacon of civilization and innovation !, 
  how will we we get back to the moon without it ? 
  what anime is that ? 
  thanks !, 
  brilliant , just what i wanted - thanks !, 
  weird thing is , that link did n't come up when i did a search before making this post . 
  i thought you 'd left / r/ireland , fin ? 
  i 'm sorta envious of my roommate now . 
  back around christmas , he got an second hand vita still in its box ( never used ) for $ 200 in the same shop . 
  that 's for outlining why the vita would be a better prospect though . 
  i 'm gon na keep my eye out for one . 
  as interested as i 'd be , i probably live on the other side of the atlantic to you - i 'm irish . 
  no problem - me putting prices in dollars was misleading . 
  is it true you have to get a different kind of battery for the psp to run emulators on it ? 
  well , if you went by microsoft 's e3 presentation , they do n't really give a shit about the 360 anymore ... ... 
  what does the alternate battery even do ? 
  seriously , what is your problem ? 
  [ '' `` o pitiful shadow lost in the darkness , o evil spirit born of those drifting between heaven and earth , may the thunderous power from the garments of these holy , delicate maidens strike down upon you with great vengeance and furious anger , shattering your loathsome impurity and returning you from whence you came !, 
  '' ] ( http://otakuwriter.files.wordpress.com/2013/07/psg.png ), 
  got to have them quality pixels !, 
   is the chess community so desolate that you resort to posting a whole fucking essay on a video that mocks chess ? 
  that 's not a half bad question . 
  i would n't pay it too much heed to be honest . 
  terms such as `` slut shaming '' and `` rape culture '' are just terms new wave feminists have embraced to try and justify the `` oppression '' they complain about on tumblr . 
  going to have to take yourself a bit less seriously around these parts , lad . 
   have just watched the launch . 
  she has been launched ? 
  ah , i never thought of turning off the auto sign-in . 
  i imagine that would be the easiest way to do it alright . 
   teens are gon na have sex either way . 
  i hate this assertion . 
  any teen with a bit of self control can easily not have sex no matter how many times the opportunity arises . 
  brilliant , thanks !, 
  yes , because that 's the only possible explanation for what i said . 
  why would you bother ? 
   but that as a demographic teenagers have sex no matter how often you tell them not to . 
  and that 's one of the main reasons they are seen as a demographic that is impulsive with little or no self control . 
  teenagers need to exercise restraint and maturity if they want to be taken seriously . 
   as you will only find a cesspool of bigots who do n't understand gender and sex being two entirely different things . 
  to be fair , i think the vast majority of people on this planet do n't see them as two different things . 
  does that make all of them bigots ? 
   gender is a social construct, 
  the only people i 've ever heard say this are social justice warriors , and i 'm not inclined to trust them . 
  is there any hard scientific evidence on the topic ? 
  i consider myself to be the master of the universe - does n't make it true . 
  what about differing opinions ? 
  like , the science behind all this is soft at best - it 's not infallible . 
  you did n't counter his point though . 
  like , you ca n't waltz around pretending that your viewpoint is the only one . 
  * that * is the definition of ignorance . 
   you 're right , your gender is set when you were born, 
  but there are other people in this comments section saying that gender is a social construct . 
  which is it ? 
  the opposition is n't providing any legitimate points . 
  that 's victory by default . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  like , what 's to stop people identifying as whatever they want to be because that 's the sort of behaviour that appears to be being encouraged ? 
  words are words - this is n't tumblr . 
  no , because tumblr is full of crazy people who think everybody is a special little snowflake . 
  ... . as long as you 're not a straight white male . 
  so , gender * roles * are a social construct but you 're born as a certain gender ? 
  if gender is a social construct , how can you feel that the gender you have is the wrong one for your sex ? 
  okay , one question ; is gender a social construct or not ? 
  half the people here are saying it is and the other half are saying your gender is something you 're born with , even if it does n't match your body . 
   gender is a spectrum - there are more masculine females , there are more feminine males , there are people somewhere inbetween and people that do n't really take part in the spectrum at all ... and none of it has to do with sex . 
  i know that traditionally , gender and sex have been assumed to be the same and also only male or female , but ... it 's just not how the mind actually works . 
  i thought gender was a `` social construct '' ? 
  in real life , most definitely . 
  the internet ... ... eh , depends on the situation . 
  doctorates in what if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  okay , i can understand feeling that you do n't belong to the body you have ( i.e. 
  wrong gender for your body ) . 
  but in the case of not feeling that you are suited to the gender roles assigned to your sex not something different ? 
  like , i know loads of girls who reject certain feminine gender roles , but i find it hard to believe that they all suffer from gender dysmorphia . 
  y ` see , i understand not feeling like you belong to the body you have . 
  but i do n't get why a person would be diagnosed with gender dysmorphia just because the gender roles/traits of their biological sex do n't agree with them . 
  if you get hurt by what a random person said on the internet , i think you 're being a bit over-sensitive . 
  sorry , i read the wrong comment - i see what you mean now . 
  i 'll be frank ; i do n't think i 'll ever fully understand this transgender issue , but you have cleared up a few important details for me . 
  thanks . 
  the first two i 'd trust , but in my experience at college , the latter two were a haven for social justice types . 
   but really , are you saying gender dysphoria is just a delusion that can be cured with psychotherapy , or are you acknowledging that gender is n't a choice , including the genders of trans people ?
