  correct me if i 'm wrong here , but have you not said in the past that you 're on social welfare in some capacity ? 
   should people not be allowed any luxury items on the dole though ? 
  should they only be allowed penney 's or dunnes clothes for example and only tesco brand food items ? 
  i 'm gainfully employed and that 's pretty much how i live . 
  i see nothing wrong with it . 
  i was just trying to clarify the context surrounding your comment . 
  hey now - how exclusive is this group ? 
   the northernmost point is donegal . 
  that 's just there to lull us into a false sense of security . 
  cunning as always , them protestants . 
  hello / r/all, 
  i fail to see how this will achieve anything . 
  i do n't get the angle of this article - are they somehow implying that muslim extremists caused the flooding therefore other muslims raising money for it is something extraordinary ? 
   i just cringe, 
  opinion disregarded . 
  very true . 
  i just got banned from / r/me _ irl the other day for saying i do n't support communism . 
  appealed it to the mods and they told me to fuck off . 
  so yeah , forgive me if i 'm not exactly fond of letting mods be the grand arbiters of who is allowed in a subreddit and who is not . 
  it 's all well and good winning these arguments on a mongolian mongoloid masturbating forum , but the feminists are winning in the real world because they control the debate and have the media on their side . 
  you ca n't even challenge them on their most blatant bullshit without having your name dragged through the dirt . 
  we 're losing , guys . 
  those are some good links . 
  glad to hear things are changing - in america . 
  but i 'm european , and things sure as hell do n't appear to being going that way over here . 
  if anything feminism is getting louder and worse . 
  gender quotas for parliamentary elections were recently introduced in my country for example . 
  that 's a lot of big words that do n't seem to be saying much at all . 
  if the media and public discourse tells me there 's nothing wrong with being an extreme lefty , then why is it wrong to be on the extreme right ? 
  ( although personally i 'd consider myself centre-to-mid right ), 
   salon ( salon ! ), 
  published these, 
  those are little more than opinion pieces . 
   cthulhu swims leftward . 
  today 's `` extreme right '' is yesterday 's abolitionist . 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  what privilege ? 
  find a flaw in their logic then . 
  i got banned from / r/me _ irl for saying that i do n't support communism . 
  when i contested it to the mods , they said the actual reason i was banned was because they considered me a racist , told me to fuck off , and then muted me . 
  this is despite the fact that i had never made a comment in that subreddit prior to the one about the fact that i do n't support communism . 
  i know that 's only tangentially related to the topic at hand , but it 's yet another example of how determined the sjw movement is to silence those who they * perceive * to hold dissenting opinions . 
  that 's hardly an achievement any more to be fair . 
  back in the day you had to actually disagree with them on their subreddit to get banned . 
  these days if one of the mods spots you saying something they do n't like on * any * subreddit , there 's a good chance that you will be preemptively banned . 
  ... mary d higgins ? 
  yeah , who actually says things like that ? 
   meanwhile people talk about it like it 's something they 'd rather not should happen - shine on , you crazy dreamers . 
  what 's that mean ? 
  and kill one of them in the process . 
  but hey , i know better than to argue with you about this because you 're so entrenched in the the pro-choice/abortion/whatever side of things . 
   after i tell them i 've had an abortion, 
  i thought the prevailing consensus that people did n't talk about abortion in ireland ? 
  as in , if you 've had an abortion , it 's hardly the kind of thing that comes up in conversation even with people you 're close to . 
  why is it unreasonable to not want unnecessary abortions performed in the country you reside in though ? 
  fortunately democracy allows use to convey to the government what we do n't want . 
  whether they listen is another matter . 
   just because people want or do n't want something is irrelevant for lots of things . 
  who decides when it 's relevant and irrelevant though ? 
  what does the bot base the bans on though ? 
  that 's subjective . 
  i 'd consider murdering an unborn child a gross violation of their rights , but you seem all too happy to overlook that little detail just so people can live more irresponsible lives . 
  to be fair , that ibrahim halawa one was pretty funny . 
  video evidence does n't lie . 
   if a woman with 3 children decides to have an abortion because she is struggling to keep the family afloat as it is, 
  maybe she should have refrained from sex or been a bit more careful with the birth control . 
  look , when you have sex you have to accept that there are risks . 
  if you are not willing to deal with the consequences of those risks , either do n't have sex or double/triple down on protection . 
  just because it 's an old argument , does n't make it any less valid . 
  i was waiting for that jab to come . 
  always does when i make that argument . 
  incredibly childish ad honimen . 
  having sex while ignoring the risks involved * is * irresponsible . 
  any secondary school sex education class will tell you that . 
   not shipping a game because they know it \u00b4 s to sexism for the western world , i guess is a step forward ? 
  how exactly is that a step forward ? 
  will cortana be functional on the xbox one ? 
  ( only recently got an xbox one , so i 'm a bit behind the times with the news ) . 
  as somebody who does n't have a kinect but appreciates the usefulness of its voice command functionality , i still do n't believe the kinect is worth it for just those functions alone . 
  like , when cortana integration comes along will it not render the voice command functionality of the kinect redundant anyway ? 
  ( or am i misunderstanding how that 's gon na work ? ), 
  great to hear . 
  will cortana integration not render the kinect voice command functionality redundant though ? 
  i guess those are benefits i did n't consider as i 'm in my 20 's and live alone . 
  what improvements do you expect cortana to bring to the table ? 
  huh . 
  i 've been hearing people saying that you will be able to address cortana via smartglass or a regular xbox mic . 
  any truth to either of those ? 
  look at the rest of the guy 's comments ; i 'm not sure that it was . 
   war criminal, 
  i 'll believe that when i see him in court for war crimes . 
  you sound like somebody who has one of those `` no contract , no payment '' anti-water charges up in the front window of their house . 
   and starting to affect us both mentally . 
  really ? 
  i got a housemate evicted for that in the first place i moved to after college . 
  in fairness though , he was an awful tool and his girlfriend was that horrible combination of selfish and ignorant . 
  myself and the other lad were just looking for an excuse to get rid of him . 
  so is the campaign just irrelevant now ? 
   `` best shooter '', 
  that award does n't specify just multiplayer .
