  like , to the point where they are clearly suspicious of people who do n't partake . 
   the shuffling of priests from parish to parish made it an open secret when a priest was accused of child abuse . 
  but that happens all the time anyway . 
   not the repeated movement of one priest from parish to parish every 3-4 years . 
  true . 
   yeah there 's some circulation , but priests usually hang around for 10-15 years at a time . 
  it 's more like 5-10 years where i 'm from . 
  there 's only 1 priest of 4 in my home parish that 's been there for more than a decade . 
  it 's nearly always been that way too . 
  a secondary school or college student involved in politics is a huge red flag . 
  what 's england got to do with it ? 
  factory farming is n't as common in ireland as in other developed countries . 
  oh , i thought you were implying that i was english . 
  still though , as valuable to the raf as the poles may have been , ( a ) their value is usually overstated by fellow poles , and ( b ) the polish homeland was steamrolled by the nazis . 
  other polish contributions to the war notwithstanding , your homeland ceased to exist for almost 6 years - that sounds like a good old steamrolling to me . 
   again you do n't know what a steamroller is, 
  and you clearly do n't know what figurative speech is . 
   and you 're pretending that poland and germany were of equal military and economic standing . 
  i 'm not pretending anything of the sort . 
  it 's just not relevant when you 're seem to be questioning the very manner in which poland was blitzkrieged out of existence by the germans . 
  sounds good to me . 
  hopefully not . 
  `` rape culture '', 
  does n't sweden have an abnormally high sexual assault/rape rate though ? 
   never contributing to society . 
  why would you bother when you 've discovered a way of living without doing so ? 
  why am i reading a tumblr fantasy post in greentext form ? 
   the numbers could be high only for those reasons, 
  why * only * those reasons ? 
  fair enough . 
  it 's not a goal , just a side-effect . 
  according to who ? 
   it gives you purpose and structure in your life, 
   implying purpose and structure ca n't be found elsewhere, 
  i 'm on to you , normie ... 
   not knowing what degeneracy actually means, 
   i really hate it and when you go abroad the fact that people have a little respect for their appearance really makes a world of difference . 
  while i accept that wandering around in a tracksuit does reflect badly on the individual wearing it , why does it bother you that somebody else might not give a shit about their appearance ? 
  i do n't want to have to make an effort when i 'm just running to the shop on a sunday evening . 
  that year i spent in france was bad enough . 
   what does skin color have to do with being developed ? 
   i 'm almost certain i make more money than you, 
   i 'm black . 
  is this bait ? 
  were you bullied in school or something ? 
  i 'm trying to understand why you 're using words like `` broverb '' . 
   students going to lectures everyday in fat pants looking like they could n't give less of a shit . 
  but i fail to see how wearing fat pants to lectures implies that a student does n't care about their studies for example . 
   the amount of times i had to field questions from erasmus students on it just made me realise how unbelievably embarrassing it is . 
  answering questions about something makes a topic embarrassing ? 
   it looks ugly and makes us come across as slobs, 
  or maybe we just know better than to be obsessed with appearances ? 
  i 'm eternally grateful that i was n't born in france where - in the middle classes at least - there 's an obligation to dress fashionably . 
  that year i spent in france was rough . 
   i just personally feel it shows a lack of respect . 
  respect to what/who ? 
   they were asking these questions with a hint of disdain . 
  it looks bad to them seeing everyone wearing fat pants and hoodies all day everyday . 
  and their opinions are more valid than those of irish people * why * exactly ? 
   they 're perceived as fashionable here, 
  that 's news to me . 
  not saying your wrong , but when i wear such clothing i * know * i 'm being unfashionable . 
  i just do n't give a shit how i look unless i 'm at work or at a formal event . 
  hell , i do n't even own any branded clothing , unless you count some of my formal/work clothing . 
  you just know that the kind of parent ( s ) involved here are the type that every teacher hates . 
  jesus christ , why are you so salty about downvotes ? 
  if anything , you bitching about being downvoted is just gon na attract more downvotes . 
  would you ever grow up ? 
  sounds fair to me . 
  do n't state the obvious ? 
  i primarily use dhl for work and personal use . 
  ca n't really fault their service at all ; prompt , easy to work with , and i 've never had anything damaged by them . 
  but i have had one or two occasions where the driver could have made a bit more of an effort to check if i was at home before wandering off with my package . 
  i 've also used fedex a few times . 
  good service too , but i thought that they were a bit more difficult to contact about queries and such . 
   and the words `` blacks out '' spray painted on the ground ? 
  got ta keep them black outs up - never know when a german bomber might mistake us for britain . 
  much of what is outlined is barely even racism though . 
  like , micro-aggressions - what are those really ? 
  i think your sarcasm detector is broken . 
  huh , i have never once been in a supervalu that has had self-service machine . 
  it 's the main reason is still shop at tesco even though there 's a supervalu closer to me . 
  to be fair , the much-hated tesco bint ( she was hated in the uk too ) has been replaced by a man who sounds like the kinda guy who might frequently invade your personal space if he was real . 
  i dunno about you , but love is n't high on my list of priorities when it comes to supermarkets . 
  why do people have a problem with these ? 
  i 've never once had one go wrong with me and i 've been using them multiple times a week for 6 years now . 
  most of the time when i see somebody floundering with one , it 's due to their own incompetence . 
   lidl/aldi have all human tellers and their profits are soaring . 
  yet they * never * have enough of them on the tills . 
  that said , i do n't see the advantage of human tellers ( except for those rare occasions when the self-checkout is fussy about which coppers it will accept ) . 
   expensive compared to aldi and lidl, 
  lidl and aldi never have exactly what i want though . 
  i find their selection to be poor compared to the likes of tesco , supervalu , and dunnes . 
   europeans repelling the middle-eastern invaders . 
  i think we 're about one more terrorist attack away from that becoming reality . 
  is this what we 're doing now ? 
  playing the victim game with gifs for perceived `` micro-aggressions '' . 
  jesus , i 'd go back to the times of the marriage equality referendum rather than have this become a trend ... 
   moving seats if a black fella sits near you would be one in their eyes , for example . 
  or shouting some shite at one as you pass them in a car .
