  it 's historical as well , as they were the moral choice to support from the beginning -- hopefully when holocaust myopia is finally gone , then this will become even clearer . 
  why is there any obligation to support them ? 
  nobody should be * obliged * to support anybody . 
  i say neither side is wholly in the right . 
   palestinians have never engaged in wide-scale ethnic cleansing or slaughtered hundreds of civilians in a matter of weeks . 
  they have n't reduced entire neighbourhoods to rubble and based off of all of this i would say that it 's israel who 's deserving of the majority of any condemnation . 
  hamas would also willingly do all of the above to israel without remorse , but they lack the resources . 
  hence why they fire rockets at israel every so often , which if i recall correctly , was what sparked the most recent conflict ( well , that and the killing of those teenagers ) . 
  wow , you are so heavily biased against the israelis that i do n't see much point in continuing this discussion . 
   i would have no sympathy for israeli jews if hamas had the ability to make tel aviv look like the gaza strip after israeli assault . 
  jesus christ , man . 
  take a step back and look at what you 're saying for a minute . 
  also , friendly reminder that the downvote button is n't a `` i disagree with you '' button . 
   no one actually follows that rule . 
  so you 're a sheep that just does what everybody else does ? 
  you 're better than that , lad . 
   i 've also never considered jews to be special or perpetual victims deserving of sympathy by virtue of being jewish . 
  nor do i. 
  you seem to have got it into your head that i view them as innocent and oppressed . 
   that means that i 'm not sugar-coating things for the big babies if they get upset about my sounding harsh . 
  nobody is getting upset . 
  well , you seem to be getting a bit angry but that 's about it . 
   gentle folk, 
  anybody else find this post title a bit odd in its wording ? 
  this sort of complacency and expectation of victory could well screw the yes campaign over come the referendum . 
   how about if one of your friends was ? 
  or a family member ? 
  personally i 've never thought of this to be a particularly good counter-argument . 
  i 'm not part of the no campaign , but generally speaking my family and friends do n't expect me to be on board with everything they do in their lives . 
   regardless of what your religion is , it 's a flawed belief system, 
  all that matters is that you found a way to feel superior to them all . 
  given that he got downvoted for saying that , i think that there * are * people who get genuinely angry if you do n't pick a side ( preferably the yes side ), 
  same here . 
  i 'm technically still registered to vote at my hometown , which is a few hours drive away from where i live now . 
  combine that with my relative lack of interest in this referendum and the fact that i could well be working on the day ( is there a definite date yet though ? 
  ) , suffice to say it 's more than likely that i wo n't be voting . 
  students still wo n't like that , but it 's still better than a midweek day i suppose . 
  if i was a no voter , i certainly would n't be mentioning it on / r/ireland . 
  i was n't debating that . 
  the whole tone of your comment gives the impression that you feel superior to religious people . 
  that 's all i was saying . 
  you ca n't force somebody to care about something . 
  would you prefer if i went in and blindly voted no just to meet the requirement that i vote on this issue ? 
  personally i think i 'm doing the right thing by not contributing to something i have no business getting involved in . 
  the irony is that i 'm actually quite well informed on this issue - still not interested enough to pick a side though . 
  you sound like the biggest normalfag on the internet . 
   white people, 
   assimilating into an inferior culture, 
  the mere expectation alone would offend me . 
  in this sjw age , yelling at women is probably the riskiest of the two options . 
  hello newfriend . 
  europe does n't care what you people think of us . 
  no matter what , you 'll still want to emigrate here ( or to america ) . 
  that 's the irony of all this hatred of the west that comes from the middle east . 
   not sure if bait, 
  source ? 
  i wonder how many users have died in those 7 years ? 
  my country does n't really have much of a history of doing that . 
  regardless , the only reason anybody gives a shit about the middle east is because they have oil . 
  ca n't wait for it to run out on them ( global energy consequences aside ) . 
   tfw not a britbong, 
   it 's a great fun to read how much they completely miss the point . 
  what * is * the point then ? 
   the way you act to poorers tells what kind of person you are . 
  and this does n't go for all europeans as you might take it that way , this is for the douche op . 
  he is just a cocky bad person . 
  this is either a really bad troll or you 're just particularly butthurt . 
  do you even use 4chan ? 
  the betrayal !, 
   a network, 
  ha , sure !, 
   tfw i never paid a cent for books at college and i live in a country with subsidized 3rd level education . 
  growing up , our cats were only allowed in the house when there was somebody at home . 
  at night and when we were away they had to stay outside . 
  it 's common practice where i live and our local bird population is quite strong . 
  why ? 
   not everyone hides in their dorm room for 4 years . 
  that 's exactly what i did ( well , it was an apartment , not a dorm ) and i still got a good job after college . 
   why do women do this ? 
   women, 
  there 's your answer . 
  sorry , but i ca n't force myself to care . 
  it would be a disingenuous vote . 
  i respect the power of my vote too much to be flippant with it like that . 
  woman detected . 
  dude , you mentioned all those empires yet forget the largest empire the world has ever seen ; the british empire . 
  the brits were probably the whitest people on earth . 
  in the eyes of the british anyway . 
  yep , definitely female . 
  tell me ; just how new are you to the concept of 4chan ? 
   we need more people like you . 
  why ? 
   yes , every single rapist deserves a painful death , without exception ( do n't even argue ) . 
  i think i will argue , because what you said was a blanket statement and is fucking stupid . 
  or , y' know , not into black girls ? 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  and killing a person is a crime of greater magnitude than rape . 
  i asked first . 
  surely you have a legitimate reason for what you said other than `` why not ? 
  well , they have no souls , so maybe .
