  just because you 're in favour of something does n't necessarily mean you want them to have the power to disrupt national events of major importance . 
  why would i not ? 
  reddit is full of people getting `` triggered '' by things each and every day . 
  maybe you should consider it . 
   literally shoving the worst of modern humanity down the throat of modern technology . 
  so you 're saying that tay should have remained sheltered and kept in a safe space ? 
  only reason i 'm still with vodafone despite their shite deals is because the coverage is unbeatable . 
  ca n't handle the bantz ? 
   this is just becoming another anti-refugee subreddit . 
   refugee, 
  sure , i 'll believe that when i see it . 
  most of them appear to be economic migrants . 
  well , if the sjws have their way , they wo n't . 
  well , nobody wants cancer so that 's understandable . 
  suffice to say / a / does n't want anything to do with anybody who has ever set foot in this subreddit - and i respect those principles . 
  it was n't really a speech though - he was just inviting the president to lay a wreath on behalf of the irish people on both occasions . 
  not too many ways in which you can phrase that . 
  i like to think organised labour and being a cunt are n't mutually inclusive . 
  nobody said it was n't hot , but it 's not worth the risk hence why it 's said `` do n't stick your dick in crazy '' . 
  ireland does n't have bomb-proof bins . 
  london has bomb-proof bins ? 
  what if there 's an imminent bomb attack on the streets ? 
  could i hide in the bins ? 
   that rte commentator sure loved his vehh-icles . 
  was n't that specific lad brought in because he was ex-armed forces or something and would be able to actually give that sort of commentary ? 
  or am i thinking of somebody else ? 
  they 're modified american-market ford f-350s . 
  as they say , everything is bigger in america . 
  i 'm glad they had fun and that they get this sort of positive attention . 
  although all the irish armed forces are worthy of respect for the jobs that they do , the rangers are at such a level that they provide ireland with world-class special forces should the country ever require their services . 
  hell , the f-350 is n't even the biggest pick-up that ford sells in america . 
  are n't viggens a bit outdated now ? 
  wait , we 're meant to pay attention to things trinity students say every other day of the year ? 
  so i see they 've kept the augs with the integrated optics for the ceremonial roles . 
  it was nice seeing all the refurbished ones with the rails and new optics on display today . 
  yeah , but the uk is getting f-35bs which should be avoided like the plague . 
  f-35as or bust !, 
   as far as im aware student fees are already paid by the state and those of poorer income households can claim various benefits to bring the overall cost of university life down like transport etc. 
  in my experience it 's those that fall between those two categories that suffer the most . 
  not poor enough to claim the grant ( or in the case of quite a few self-employed families ; not crooked enough to cook the books ) but not affluent enough to comfortably pay for the costs of 3rd level education ( $ 3,500 or so in fees and then all the other associated costs ) . 
  jesus christ , why must sjws attack even my childhood now ? 
  probably another goddamn colony drop . 
  notions on this lad . 
   10 years ago nobody would give a shit . 
  because 10 years ago this bullshit would n't be happening . 
  i think i 'm moreso angry with the fact that thomas the tank engine has been progressively ruined over the past 15 years . 
  cg , a plethora of unnecessary new characters and premises , * voice acting * , etc. 
  yes , it 's a children 's tv show ; but my childhood is being corrupted before my very eyes . 
  it wants to help certain parts of the world . 
  but even europe has different rail gauges , never mind countries on other continents . 
  godammit japan , those last 3 images feature trains that look nothing like their supposed counterparts in ttte . 
   i 'm just pissed that they put in a fucking shit tier chinese locomotive ( they still make new coal-fired trains ) , but no superior japanese shinkansen . 
  but ttte is set in some sort of 1950 's time warp . 
  the indian one is particularly bad . 
  far too much detail in the face ( not to mention that the face is fucking huge ) . 
   i would never associate the n word with an actual african . 
   n word, 
  nice ? 
  praying is the only way to get anything done , you heathen !, 
  it annoys me that this is n't at all surprising . 
  i 'm currently running windows 7 on a 6 year old laptop . 
  i adore 7 , but i have to get a new laptop soon and there 's no possibility of buying a new laptop running windows 7 any more . 
  i do n't want to have to use windows 10 !, 
  you used to be able to buy newer laptops running win7 until the end of the last year . 
  now i ca n't find them for love nor money . 
  also , you ca n't install win7 onto a pc already running win8 or win10 as far as i know . 
  well , you 'd have to find a copy of windows 7 somewhere ( that 's the easy part ) . 
  then you 'd have to make something that could run it . 
  am i right in saying that this war was at least in part provoked by the developers due to the ongoing period of peace the in-game universe had been experiencing ? 
  apparently peace is bad for business because players get bored . 
   download a windows7 iso file . 
  are they still available legally or only illegally ? 
  damn !, 
  i do n't play eve , but i occasionally read up on the status of the in-game universe because i find it fascinating . 
  that war is shaping up to be absolutely mental . 
  i wonder if we 'll see a grand decisive battle at some stage ? 
   in the end i just torrented it and used old key . 
  so you used the old windows 7 key with the torrented version ? 
  huh , i did n't think you could re-use old keys like that ( i do n't have too much experience with this sort of thing granted ) . 
  have you had any issues running programs on the torrented version of win7 ? 
  fair point . 
  thanks for the info . 
  i really do n't know what i 'm gon na do in the end . 
  it 's only a matter of time before ms abandons win7 due to their plans for win10 to be the eternal os , so buying a win10 laptop and making it run win7 seems sort of redundant in the long run . 
  plus , i 'll still have my old win7 laptop . 
  did you apply your set-up to a win10 pc ? 
  if so , is it possible to revert back to win10 easily if you decided to do so ? 
  people always become more religious during times of crisis . 
  hell , it 's been commented on that * one * of the reasons atheism has seen such growth in the west in recent decades is the prolonged period of relative peace we 're going through . 
  the image of rural gaa lads beating the crap out of zombies with hurleys warms my heart . 
   what is a windows 10 pc ? 
  i built my pc myself and installed what i wanted . 
  if you meant that i previously had windows 10 installed then no . 
  but it doesnt matter what you had installed in the past , you can always revert back . 
  i hope this answers your question . 
  yep , that 's exactly what i meant . 
  i was thinking from the perspective of a laptop which will come with win10 pre-installed . 
  if i was to put win7 on that i would like to have the possibility to revert to win10 if needed . 
  it 's been 6 years since i last bought a new computer ( 6 year old laptop and a rig i 've been constantly upgrading since 2009 ) , so i 'm a bit out of the loop when it comes to this sort of stuff . 
  i do n't mind my rig running win10 as i really just use that for gaming .
