  but with one fewer of you , it has a chance of becoming less so . 
  it 's okay , it 's not racist ( unless you go by a * very * liberal definition of racism ) . 
  since when is pointing out the truth hatespeech ? 
   you 're so full of hate it makes you stupid , though , and that is the truth . 
  i was n't the one who made the post . 
  i 'm strongly opposed to `` safe spaces '' so that would be counter-intuitive . 
  i hope the irony of your comments is not lost on you . 
  indeed . 
  that 's a bit rich coming from a normie . 
  get out of here , normie . 
  bernie supporter detected . 
  and dublin can ? 
   this is what liberals think, 
  thanks big dave !, 
  seriously though , this is meaningless . 
  no doubt / r/ireland would be singing a different tune if the endorsement was to come from corbyn though . 
  surely it was their right to vote no if they saw fit ? 
  depends on what you consider a `` legitimate right '' , but that argument is neither here nor there as the marriage equality debate is long over . 
  fair point . 
  sure thing . 
  we believe you . 
  then go challenge the perceived racism at the source . 
  no point in coming to us bitching about it . 
  define `` freedom '' in an indian context . 
  the freedom to shit where you want ? 
  freedom from toilets ? 
  freedom from sanitation ? 
  help me out here . 
  oh god , you 're one of * those * . 
  gender quota filler ? 
  well , considering that it ran fairly well on xbox 360 ( albeit with occasional graphical glitches ) , that 's hardly surprising . 
  so , i assume somebody has already posted it to / r/videos for that sweet sweet karma ? 
  it 's a highly degenerate combo . 
  now you 're being pedantic . 
  i 'm sure you 're well aware that in common usage the term `` third world country '' has changed since the end of the cold war . 
  stop trying to weasel out of the argument . 
  not by everybody - notice i said `` common usage '' in my last comment . 
  it may not be accurate , but then again the word `` literally '' now has 2 opposite meanings in the dictionary . 
  you 're definitely being pedantic , but fortunately for you , / r/ireland loves those who are pedantic . 
  in 2d ( as is / a / 's preference ) , it would actually be / d / . 
   vaginas are not automatically dirty or gross, 
  how would you know ? 
   building and hyping up the one thing that literally everyone on the planet has done, 
  normie detected . 
  that 's classic normie talk . 
  who cares ? 
  white knight detected . 
  i doubt that very much . 
  all you need to do is look in a mirror and you win !, 
  so is college , depending on the course you do . 
  and ? 
  it may be a redundant question , would you prefer to have been born or aborted ? 
   his latest album was fairly well received . 
  by bieber fans ... 
   considering i save all my music with youtube-dl i ca n't understand how anyone could get a letter for illegal music downloads nowadays . 
  maybe some people actually care about the quality of the music they download ? 
  great thing about qbittorrent is that the interface is very similar to that of utorrent , which makes the switchover very smooth . 
   everyone is on walled garden mobiles, 
  what does that mean ? 
  ha , joke 's on them - i bought my phone sim free . 
   who the fuck uses a pen in math class ? 
  who does n't ? 
  i only ever used a pencil for drawing graphs . 
  who 's idea was it to give kebabs modern jets ? 
  how else could you describe their skin colour ? 
  who in their right mind would download * that * ? 
  a lot of it does . 
  not all of it of course , but this the same with every generation of music . 
  [ * googles the list * ], 
  i fail to see your point . 
  for what purpose ? 
  but the psychiatrist was a women and women ca n't be right . 
  in what ways is it inaccurate , normie ? 
   i live in a very multicultural area where people are n't hateful ( and use terms like shitskin and faggot ) . 
  you seem past the point of convincing , but please try use the rational side of your mind instead of blaming specific anecdotes and groups since its the ` easy way out ', 
  jesus christ , this comment is so cancerous it 's almost impossible to comprehend . 
  would you ever fuck off back to your multicultural paradise and accept that not everybody has the same ideals as yourself . 
  why are there so many white knights on / r/4chan these days ? 
   using cringe as an adjective, 
  it is shit . 
  he even deleted it . 
  i do n't believe you . 
  why do you lie ? 
  she 's undoubtedly a lesbian , but has a serious dose of araragi-sexuality too . 
  i do n't think she would be interested in any guy other than araragi . 
  what can i learn if you 're not really saying anything other than accusing others of making inaccurate statements ? 
  that still does n't answer my question . 
  it 's a little more than teasing at times . 
  like , did you * see * her in shinobu mail ? 
   beaten in debate, 
   better berate the location in which the debate took place, 
  where 's your fada ? 
   my problem is i do n't have a desk so i cant aim for shit . 
  how are you playing then ? 
  just buy a table !, 
  dear god ... 
   no uterus no opinion, 
  that 's not how democracy works anyway . 
  drug money . 
  unfortunately .
