  you do n't need to be a weeb to know what that word means . 
  you just triggered / r/ireland 's die-hard lefties . 
  i do n't get it . 
  what sort of negative experience did you have ? 
  myself and my housemates use the service occasionally , and we 've never had an issue with it . 
   choosing the best of a bad lot, 
  seems like a smart move . 
   must be nice to be so insulated as to believe that the only people who could possibly disagree with you are trolls . 
  unfortunately this attitude is highly prevalent in / r/ireland, 
  picked the fuck up !, 
   and today there is n't a military aircraft or ship in japan not build by them . 
  except the ones the jdsf occasionally gets from the usa . 
  well at least you 're not being biased . 
  yes sir , dragon-sage wizard man . 
  they 're also getting ospreys for their `` helicopter destroyers '' . 
  i do n't browse the internet on my phone like some sort of pleb millennial . 
  that should give me enough time to get through the anime at least . 
  can republican voters do something similar ? 
  it 's really not any better at all . 
  drugs are for degenerates . 
  but he did the right thing and the criminals got kicked out . 
   i 've never wanted to see a nuclear war . 
  ah sure it would be a bit of a laugh . 
  seriously though , there 's not gon na be a nuclear war just because trump gets elected . 
  certain eastern european countries would give us a run for our money in that regard . 
  which elements of the arab spring did they instigate ? 
  like , the first few seemed like indigenous uprisings to me . 
  later on , not so much . 
   the ones doing it are the middle class students whose mummy and daddy are paying for everything so they feel the need to be outraged about something to add meaning to their sad lives . 
  why ca n't they just seek meaning for their lives in dank memes ? 
  the welcome is a bit late - we 've been living in it for years now . 
  you 're forgetting that quite a few people * want * pc culture for one reason or another . 
  true . 
  but sjws are more prevalent now than they 've ever been . 
  ca n't stump the trump . 
  yeah , but those events occurred long after the start of the arab spring . 
  not a dank one though . 
  decidedly undank . 
  sometimes you got ta fight fire with fire . 
   why is a grown man paying 150 bucks to see a childrens movie ? 
  that seems like truly abnormal behavior . 
  normie detected . 
  why ? 
  he did an admirable thing . 
  and the current one too . 
  why are so many in / r/ireland convinced that trump will start a nuclear war ? 
  that 's my personal guarantee . 
  it will nuke itself in time . 
  do n't you fret . 
  sanders does n't have a hope . 
   only hold a total of five choppers . 
  18 max , 8 standard . 
  hideous ship . 
  who buys a spanish-designed warship in this day and age ? 
  i guess we 'll have to wait and see . 
   same with assad . 
  i do n't think i 'd compare the situation in syria to that of iraq and libya . 
  the syrian civil war became self-sustaining very early on . 
  let 's just say i want to see him as president far more than any of the alternatives . 
  admittedly the us may have exacerbated the situation , but assad had become incredibly unpopular in the wake of the arab spring . 
  it 's not unusual for the international community to condemn a leader who refuses to relinquish power/implement reforms in the face of significant popular demand ( provided the country is n't a key ally of the west , such as many of the gulf states ) . 
  violence was inevitable unless assad stood down . 
  the west fanned the flames , but i do n't think war was actually on their agenda considering the fact that they had little to actually gain from a civil war in syria because assad 's regime had long been a stabilizing force in the region . 
  not at all . 
  i think he knows exactly the game he is playing with the american electorate . 
  trump 's no idiot , but nor is he a saint . 
  getting as far as he has even when elements of the republican party are actively plotting against him speaks for itself . 
  buying chocolate bars individually these days is such a ridiculous waste of money . 
   but that does n't change the fact that he is a bombastic , egotistical nutter with no zero tangible policies and a propensity to tell bare faced lies . 
  is this your first american presidential election ? 
   are you telling me you believe he is going to bring in some testosterone fuelled utopia where the pc bullshit wagon wo n't exist anymore and everyone will be free to do what they want ? 
  the fact that you even mentioned his name in this context is hilarious . 
  well he certainly wo n't make american society * more * pc . 
  even a stall on the relentless march of political correctness would be as good as a reversal at this stage . 
  battleships do n't exist in modern navies , so no . 
  the australian navy was really just an extension of the royal navy during ww2 , so while it 's unlikely that there will ever be australian boatsluts , it 's not beyond the realm of possibility that there might be a bonus aussie boat at some point as part of the rn . 
  like , they 've already gone through almost the entire ijn , and now they 're moving on to the usn after briefly tussling with the kriegsmarine ( and italian navy for some reason , but everybody forgets about them because the designs were shit ) . 
  only a matter of time until the rn is cracked open for fresh boatsluts . 
  well , it 's not technically an aircraft carrier for one thing . 
  secondly , unless you 're doing the sort of force projection that the usn does , a nuclear powerplant is an unnecessary cost . 
  the only good ones were lego indiana jones and maybe the star wars complete saga one . 
   it 's literally an aircraft carrier . 
  rotary-wing aircraft . 
  the literal definition of aircraft carrier and the naval definition of the term are 2 very different things . 
   also , i 'm not sure what the dollary-doo to usd exchange rate is , but the nimitz only cost 4.5 b usd while the canberra was 5.4 b. 
  if that 's correct , it 's not only inferior , but more expensive . 
  nimitz was built in the 70 's ... 
   not playing world of boatsluts, 
   seems pretty straightforward . 
  primary function is to carry ... air ... craft ... 
  well that just proves how little you know . 
  it 's from 4chan . 
  no need to get offended . 
  well if anything i 'm underweight , so it 's all good . 
  i do n't think you understand how depression works . 
  some neets can if they exploit disability benefits . 
  the chosen few . 
  people saying how sad this is just shows you the true extent of the normie infestation on this subreddit . 
  then again , it * is * reddit . 
  third episode has been removed .
