  or , y' know , he might not actually be racist and just aware that the stereotype exists . 
  like , i know tonnes of racial stereotypes , does that make me racist ? 
  unless there is one girl who acts like a mother in the house , any house with all female residents that i 've visited is a kip . 
  also , the bathroom is unusable . 
  that said , my experience is only limited to student apartments/houses . 
  does it get better ? 
  man , this comment is sexist ... . 
  that 's why you leave the windows open all the time . 
  last year , myself and my roommates mastered the art of lazy living while giving the impression that the apartment was n't as untidy as it actually was . 
  the `` adoption '' of israel by northern ireland loyalists just because the republic supports palestine is one of the most surreal things of the entire northern `` situation '' . 
  you 're right , but a negative reaction from a black person in a situation like that is unwarranted . 
  in many centres , there 's way too much luck involved than you might like . 
  that said , the limerick centre is meant to have a good reputation and the route is supposedly very simple for a city . 
  there 's grasping at straws , and there 's * that * . 
  implying we 'd let women into our man cave . 
  that came across as more gay than i would have liked . 
  that 's why you leave bowls of vinegar on the window sill . 
  i do n't know the exact reason why it works , but bowls of vinegar attract flies at a phenomenal rate . 
  he 's a troll from / r/ireland . 
  ignoring him is standard protocol . 
  just ignore this little fellow , guys . 
  he 's a troll from / r/ireland . 
  he is n't even * israeli !!, 
  dude , i 've seen enough of your shit in / r/ireland . 
  if you 're a troll , at least stick to a consistent story . 
  change the tune a bit , bro . 
  variety is the spice of life . 
  is that not why the approved submitter protocol is in place ? 
  for the posts at least . 
  oh , i totally agree with what the mods are doing there . 
  they really are great at managing the community and content . 
  except for their `` no pun threads '' rule . 
  they 'll pay for that one day !, 
  fuck it , i 'd relish the idea of being forced into the military for a few years ( neutral nation but we have an army , navy and air force ) . 
  i need a kick up the ass motivation-wise and i think it would be an interesting albeit demanding experience . 
  ... . . right then . 
  well it 's not like she has any say in the matter . 
  other than taking a dump and the occasional bit of bad language , i do n't think i really do anything that would warrant any rating higher than pg . 
  i hope it 's like the episode where they turned the shop into a restaurant . 
  that 's better . 
  i hire a man to place black bars over my genitals while naked . 
  i believe they prefer to be called travelers . 
  nobody - my comment was a bit tongue in cheek . 
  that said , there is a difference between the roma gypsies and our * beloved * travelers here in ireland . 
  not sure if serious ... . 
  if backed by the eu , yeah . 
  turkey could probably defeat greece 1v1 , but not if greece had the eu managing it . 
  ( a ) vw is n't a rival for porsche , and ( b ) vw technically owned porsche at the time , which makes it even weirder . 
  why should they ? 
  it 's currently not garnering the site any bad press and it 's not illegal . 
  and besides , there are far worse subreddits out there . 
  despite the silence the admins maintain on the matter , / r/creepshots was banned because srs-types on reddit started to focus in on the subreddit around the same time they were attempting to purge / r/jailbait ( i believe it was shortly after / r/jailbait got banned , that / r/creepshots disappeared too ) . 
  as seen with their fight with / r/jailbait , srs brought the subreddit to the attention of external internet media . 
  and if there 's one thing that will make the reddit admins renege on their promotion of free speech , it 's bad publicity - it affects ad revenue after all . 
  hence the banning of the offending subreddits . 
  whether by lack of interest , or an inability to convincingly prove / r/candidfashionpolice is what we all know it to be , / r/shitredditsays has n't yet taken much action against the subreddit . 
  and as long as srs does n't make a fuss and bring negative media focus on reddit , the admins are content to keep the status quo . 
  interestingly , it 's from the whole / r/jailbat and / r/creepshots debacle that most of the conspiracies about srs having undue influence on the reddit admins originate . 
  it 's not racist to call something into question on the basis of historical fact . 
   white supremacism : historically verified to be understandable, 
  nobody said this , you moron . 
  they said that they could see why idiots * might * use historical fact in order to * incorrectly * draw the conclusion that whites are superior . 
  like , white people have dominated history for centuries , but it 's not * because * they were white . 
  admit your mistake or go back to tumblr . 
  hah , as an irish man , i know we 're very pro-eu and all , but we 'd rather leave the eu than lower our corporation tax rate . 
  it 's the only reason so many multinational corporations come here , and most of them provide plenty of jobs . 
  yes , moneygall is a shithole . 
  source : i 'm irish, 
  actually , lots of multinationals who come to ireland provide jobs . 
  google for example has a large staff in dublin . 
  guess you ai n't living up to your user name there . 
  i thought that was the uk - the authorities there were getting annoyed earlier in the year that they were paying hardly any uk taxes . 
  most of it was being paid in ireland apparently . 
  it 's pretty easy to get the names actually . 
  some money is better than no money , so i think we 'll hold onto our low corporation tax rate , thank you . 
  also , we do actually get quite a few jobs of multinationals setting up shop here . 
  look at google for example . 
  wait , what did the media do to norris ? 
  i was so focused on the gallagher situation , i must have missed this at the time . 
   they have no plans to grow there . 
  but google 's european headquarters is already in dublin - i ca n't see how they could feasibly grow any more here . 
  they own a huge ( and really cool ) building in dublin city centre . 
  there are no american forces bombing palestine , you moron . 
  no need for hyperbole . 
  we 've got a pretty nice tax set-up here in ireland , - we provide a perfectly legal service and in return receive tax revenue and jobs . 
  and when you have lots of companies availing of this service , it begins to add up . 
  probably not . 
  eurotruck simulator is weirdly addictive . 
  wow , you know nothing about ireland or how the eu works . 
  look at how previous examples of the eu trying to force countries to change tax/financial laws worked out . 
  ireland ai n't gon na be changing its corporate tax rate , bub . 
  you 're holding the average corporation ( and humanity in general really ) in far higher esteem than they deserve . 
  if people can easily and legally avoid taxes , they 're gon na do it . 
  oh yes , i remember now . 
  that was rather cruel alright , and i did n't even want norris to be president . 
  actually we often get plenty of jobs out of companies moving here . 
  also , those sweet sweet taxes . 
  educate yourself . 
  and ? 
  it 's not illegal .
