  i voted yet i still believe that and will continue to think as such until proven otherwise . 
  nah , we just do n't like you . 
   although they said very little young people showed . 
  probably for the best given the carry-on i saw during the marriage equality referendum . 
  i never said that you 're wrong . 
  define `` change '' . 
  most the main parties are pretty much the same , and the alternatives are predominantly left wing ( in a social capacity at least ) which i really do n't want to see in power ( and would n't most likely be unable to hold onto power long enough to implement real change anyway ) . 
  bit hypocritical , no ? 
  and as i said , considering the fact that most the alternatives are socially left wing , i 'd rather vote for the status quo . 
   surely if there was an alternative moderate right party to t he others running you might consider them though ? 
  yes . 
  but fg and ff have a veneer of being right wing , so that prevents such an alternative ever arising . 
  yeah , i 'd say that 's the mentality of a lot of people . 
  they 're not going to vote left wing or risk their vote with an unknown quantity , so playing it safe is the best bet . 
   they are the ones holding us back from real change in this country . 
  yes , yes , blame the old people . 
  that 's ageist , y' know ? 
  who is to say that your idea of `` change '' will be for the better anyway ? 
  / r/ireland - `` if you do n't vote for the parties we like , you 're intellectually defective '' . 
  not like them enlightened city folk , eh ? 
   this time , i will look back with contempt whilst i watch you all burn . 
  this country is a bunch of masochists . 
  gluttons for punishment , you only have yourselves to blame . 
  if you keep electing them , you forfeit your right to complain about them - although the majority seem to do both . 
  yeah , we 're not gon na miss you in that case . 
  because people voted for them ... 
  do we need a racist candidate quota ? 
  ** edit : ** jesus lads , it was a joke . 
   i now know why 4chan has a bad rep. because they support trump, 
  only the blissfully ignorant or hilariously idealistic do n't support trump . 
  which are you ? 
   giving away everyone 's tax money to their military industrial complex friends, 
  money well spent . 
  americans ca n't be trusted with their own money , so they might as well spend it on protecting the rest of nato . 
  ... that is legitimately unsettling . 
  it 's a 4chan meme that does n't really have any meaning at all , yet is inexplicably popular . 
  not necessarily a criticism , but / r/ireland is * really * obsessed with the socdems . 
  i 'll give him one thing ; he 's quite social media savvy for an irish politician . 
   til people still visit 4chan . 
  why does that come as a surprise ? 
  ca n't wait for election 2016 mk.ii . 
  i suppose it depends on what internet circles you move in . 
  yeah , pretty much / r/ireland 's political party wet dream . 
  well , the left wing elements anyway - which is effectively the vast majority of the subreddit if we 're being honest . 
  but even as somebody who is predominantly socially right wing , i must say that i have respect for quite a few of the socdem policies/leaders and they do n't nearly bother me as much as the other left wing alternatives running for election . 
  one to keep an eye on for the future i 'd say . 
  `` now with less labour ! '', 
  but they do n't exist any more . 
  that 's a pretty big failing . 
  did you see the interview with the two healy rae brothers there around 9:30 on rt\u00c9 news ? 
  have kerry people no shame ? 
  scary stuff . 
  very informative though . 
  and while i do agree with what you 're saying , i still consider the circumstance where a political party ceases to exist due to unpopularity to be a failure . 
  wait , what ? 
  i 'm no socdem supporter , but even i do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  well , they did well for a brand new party all things considered . 
   are you still supporting rural suicide ? 
  if the alternative is letting people get behind the wheel after consuming alcohol , then yes . 
  at least people who commit suicide ( as terrible as it is ) do n't risk the lives of others . 
  you do know that it is n't an either/or situation with rural suicide and drink driving ? 
  so please do n't childishly try to coerce me into saying that i unequivocally support rural suicide . 
  no irony here , bernie-cuck . 
  i ca n't really define it as i 'm not wholeheartedly right wing on social issues , but i definitely lean to the right . 
  for example , i 'd be opposed to abortion except in very specific circumstances for example . 
  also iffy about the legalisation of drugs . 
  open to immigration , but with controls far stricter than most left wingers would like . 
  you can question me on other issues if you 'd like . 
  i would have long considered myself a centrist , but recently i feel like the centre has moved towards the left in ireland and i find myself inside the boundary of the right . 
  i 'm actually strongly opposed to the death penalty in all circumstances . 
  it 's hardly name-calling to call something by what they are . 
  at least the supporters of the socdems are n't as annoying as bernie supporters . 
  jesus , when was that implemented ? 
  about 5 or 6 years ago i had a politics lecturer tell me that one of the weaknesses of prstv was that the transfers were picked randomly from the elected candidate 's pile . 
   i think they need to define themselves more as a leftist group, 
  that seems a bit shortsighted . 
  there 's already a significant amount of political groups/parties in ireland that identify as left wing . 
  that said , they could serve to fill the gap left by labour in conjunction with the socdems as long as they do n't go too far left . 
  so fill the gap left by labour along with the socdems ? 
  so fill the gap left by labour along with the socdems ? 
   because flooding and extreme weather events will get worse and worse at home and abroad and it will become more apparent that the environment is not something entirely separate from the economy or health . 
  in a bizarre turn of events , younger farmers may actually start voting green at this rate after years of hatred for the party . 
  world class coverage from rt\u00c9 - got ta give credit where credit is due . 
  and i 'd only been complaining during the year that the quality of their newscasting seemed to be on the decline . 
   but i 'm concerned that dublin will be under-represented on the government benches . 
  rural ireland is rubbing its hands together in glee . 
  with labour out of the picture , i would n't hold my breath anyway . 
   do n't worry , the aaa are calling every minor win a `` political revolution '' . 
  they 'd call it a `` solar revolution '' if the sun shone tomorrow . 
  thank god for that !, 
  let 's hope not . 
  that 's not gon na win the pro-choice side any support from the establishment in this day and age . 
  it 'll just make them look like like a load of nutters . 
  i 'm largely pro-life , but even i 'm glad to see this bint kicked to the kerb . 
  just do n't be surprised if people just roll their eyes and use such antics as examples of how ridiculous the pro-choice movement is . 
  vaguely disturbing . 
  i think so too . 
  luckily i was n't studying politics as part of my degree - it was just an elective module . 
  yet what exactly do you plan on doing about him ? 
   the image of ruth coppinger hopping off a train , swallowing an ` abortion pill ' and swigging a bottle of water does n't represent much of the women of ireland .
