   abortion is necessary for a healthy society . 
  how so ? 
  also , that seems like an * opinion * to me . 
   no one likes it , but to deny safe abortions by a medical professional is not something that any rational adult should allow . 
  one could say that it depends on the circumstances . 
  and once again , that is an * opinion * . 
  hence why it 's stuck with me over the years and is the answer i now personally give if i 'm pushed on my own views regarding the abortion issue . 
  but i try to avoid getting personally engaged in such debates because ( a ) i do n't have a vested interest in the issues at hand , and ( b ) the debates tend to revolve around the whole `` abortion is murder '' issue , which is a pointless waste of time . 
  but why ? 
  society deserves to know !, 
   really ? 
  it 's a measurable fact . 
   deal with it . 
  two signs that engaging with you is pointless . 
  not that i need to anyway ; your pro-choice ramblings have as little effect on me as those of a pro-lifer , because i 'm not on either side of the abortion debate . 
  yet you present your opinions as fact ( despite saying that we need to live in a country where facts hold precedence over opinions ) and make scientific claims that you ca n't concretely back up . 
  see :, 
   a full developed human is more valuable to society than a group of cells . 
  when does life begin ? 
  seriously , give me an exact point during pregnancy when a fetus stops being a group of cells and becomes a human . 
  medical science ca n't agree , but maybe you can provide some clarity ? 
   some idealogs opinion, 
  such as your 's for example ? 
   i 'm right , and you can live your backwards life however you feel like . 
  despite not having a strong opinion either way on the abortion debate ? 
  look , i 'm not here to be told i 'm an idiot by some teenager ( presumably - just going by the way you type ) who makes unfounded claims in an attempt to present some sort of morally superior argument while simultaneously lambasting those who oppose his opinions . 
  and not only that , but fails to reply to any questions posed by those who attempt to counter said opinions . 
  so yeah , maybe be a bit less hot-headed and you 'll be able to think straight . 
  i 'm referring to the possibility that at some point in the future , using as of yet non-existing technology , that medical scientists would be able to determine with certainty when life begins for a fetus in the womb . 
  fucking teenagers ... 
   you 're not being neutral if you 're advocating giving them an equal voice to actual evidence . 
  for fuck sake , do i have to spell it out for you ? 
  there is no concrete evidence . 
  there 's scientific speculation regarding when life begins in the womb , but no concrete consensus . 
  and yes , i am being neutral because personally ( as regards my own opinions on the matter ) i am sticking 100 % to the facts and not letting emotions or some sense of social justice cloud my vision . 
  my eyes are open . 
  i do n't see the evidence , and you most certainly are n't providing it . 
  sorry , i do n't quite understand your comment . 
   you seem to love the word disingenuous, 
  i used it once . 
  nice attempt at insulting me instead of addressing the comment though . 
  ** edit : ** after reading my recent comment history , it appears i used the word `` disingenuous '' twice . 
  this use of the same word twice clearly invalidates all of what i say . 
   `` legal rights '' . 
  get on this planet . 
  first of all , calm down . 
  you seem to getting rather hysterical . 
  i 'm not here for a fight . 
   should my partner have been able to force me to carry his child , or force me to have an abortion ? 
  jumped to the extremes immediately - attempting to derail my argument , are we ? 
   if that is what you 're implying then just fuck off and stop trolling a serious conversation , or get back in your time machine . 
  seriously , calm down and quit the personal attacks . 
  it 's hardly mature . 
   the `` responsibility '' is literally the exact same as a woman 's - using contraception and hoping it works - and you 're bitching that that 's too much without the legal right to keep someone pregnant or make them get an abortion ? 
  what about the responsibility to help raise a child that the man wanted to abort ? 
  ever consider that particular responsibility ? 
   but none of them were any of the bullshit you just spouted . 
  so your anecdote disproves my point ? 
  nice ... 
   i get the feeling you 've used `` financial emancipation '' unironically in the past when referring to single mothers and deadbeat dads . 
  i 'm aware of the term . 
  i already know what there is to know - i do n't need you to educate me . 
  but the onus is on you ( as somebody trying to discredit my point ) to provide evidence to support what you said in your original counterpoint . 
  seriously , i 'm genuinely convinced you 're a teenager now due to how immature you 're being . 
  no * all * pro-lifers are religious . 
   that pretty much shows how much you 've considered your own stance . 
  i did n't find anything in your comment that i felt challenged my own stance particularly well . 
   is the literal opposite of the topic which was about having an abortion . 
  it 's related in the sense that it proves men are saddled with responsibility without having a say on whether a baby lives or dies were abortion to be legal . 
  every time i try to download the demo , i get an error . 
  christ almighty , this is comment is pretentious as fuck !, 
  is this guy yet * another * troll ? 
  out of curiosity , where are you finding the best fanart ? 
  danbooru has been giving me trouble looking for kancolle girls for some reason . 
  it provides very limited resutls when i search for them . 
  christ , the random layout of those hyperlinks . 
  they are explicitly designed not to be . 
  so if you do n't support palestine , you 're a unionist or blue-shirt ? 
  god i fucking * love * this place at times ... 
  they 're somehow getting into government in certain european countries to be fair . 
  sjw , pls leave . 
  from what i heard , there is a certain degree of truth to this . 
  especially in more rural garda stations . 
  is this the beginning of the end for ponyfags ? 
  has the universe had enough ? 
  why would you be `` just curious '' about a circumstance as specific as that ? 
   implying it matters, 
  people from / mlp / do n't get to insult people from / pol / . 
  not with any legitimacy anyway . 
   many redditors write more 4chan-ish than the people on 4chan . 
  in a typical thread here you will hear the word `` faggot '' more often than in a 4chan-thread . 
  unless you hang out on / co / , this is n't true for any of the major boards . 
  you must be new . 
  pls leave and never return . 
  or stay and get pseudo-outraged for our enjoyment . 
   implying, 
  no you ca n't . 
  you guys have no rights . 
   not wanting to be a wizard, 
  would the stoners not be the edgelords for breaking the law ?
