  there 's no real need - this is / r/4chan . 
  well , this very specific part of reddit ... 
  and mel gibson hates the jews , so everybody 's happy . 
  while not speaking personally , depending on your perception , this could be seen as a great time for 4chan . 
  like , / b / and similar boards revel in this sort of thing . 
  the internet has nearly always been `` real '' to some degree or another . 
  you 've just being staying in the safe parts . 
  i thought the phrase was `` 15 minutes of fame '' ? 
  are you trying to steal peoples ' time in the limelight , you monster ? 
  on a scale of 1 to 10 , how new are you ? 
  then use your skills of perception and just ignore it . 
  so you 're new to everything related to 4chan , i take it ? 
   this definitely one of the lowest moments this site has had . 
  or highlights , depending on one 's worldview ( not speaking personally , just sayin ' ), 
  you only have yourself to blame if you 're not prepared for absolutely anything when browsing 4chan-related content . 
  i 'm assuming this is sarcasm , yes ? 
  would another time of the day have been more convenient ? 
  why ? 
  are you not familiar with how 4chan works ? 
  no it does n't - this is / r/4chan . 
  new to the idea of 4chan ? 
  now go away . 
   appropriate username, 
  do n't let the door hit you on the way out . 
   full of, 
  so every single 4chan user is a woman hater , abuser , rapist , and murderer ? 
  no u, 
   being scared of a website, 
  grow up . 
  are you new to the concept of 4chan ? 
  why ? 
   being this new, 
  but shit like this ( not the exact same , but similar ) has been on 4chan before . 
  you seem to be making a lot of generalisations and likely have zero experience with 4chan itself . 
  i 've been on 4chan for years , i do n't browse / b / , and i 'm not any of the things listed above . 
  there are plenty of others like me . 
   it 's not like you 're a badass for frequenting this sort of stuff anyway . 
  it 's telling that you felt the need to mention this . 
  i 've nothing against the gays , but christ do i hate the way they 've co-opted the word queer . 
  i prefer battlefield as a whole , but bf3 and bf4 just do n't work on 360 . 
  the server caps are too low , so the bigger maps feel deserted . 
  you can be a long time getting to the action . 
  bfbc2 was the last battlefield game that worked well on consoles . 
  advanced warfare multiplayer ( singleplayer looks like crap ) is piquing my curiosity though , and i have n't played a cod game since mw3 . 
  i will always stand by my opinion that there has n't been a decent cod campaign since black ops 1 . 
  the psychos were always there . 
  they just get more attention now . 
  you have awful taste in that case . 
  well , queer originally meant odd or unusual ( and still is where i come from ) . 
  my understanding is that people used it to refer to gays because they were unusual , and it stuck and was then re-appropriated by the gay community somehow . 
  normally that would be enough to get you off the hook , but given the circumstances ... 
  yeah , the guy with the watch . 
  now i do n't know what to think . 
  somebody think for me !, 
  but i wan na sit on the floor . 
  huh , on 4chan they were saying the son was 5 . 
  did the murder take place at his residence or her 's though ? 
  do you even know what subreddit you are on ? 
   no singles policy, 
  only in america . 
  what age was she ? 
  4chan has a long history of not tolerating animal cruelty , you moron . 
  are you sure it was fake ? 
  learn to google . 
  or just search through the posts on / r/4chan over the past 24 hours - it 's not hard . 
   maybe not as bad as stalin , but still a bit of a prick ... 
  there 's no maybe about it . 
  you could genocide a couple of million people and you still would n't be as bad as stalin statistically . 
  not exactly . 
  while i disagree with the moron 's phrasing , just because two types of website are illegal , does n't mean they are necessarily equal in terms of how reprehensible they are . 
  also , it 's currently illegal to advertise prostitution services anyway . 
   and treat jaywalking like rape . 
  and watch as cork becomes the rape capital of the world . 
  actually , in the irish countryside , the rain that falls can be remarkably pure . 
  i do n't know if i 'd drink it on a regular basis , but it 's still pretty potable by international standards . 
   sex is n't a bad thing . 
  ffs it 's 2014 . 
  many would argue that sex and prostitution are two separate issues . 
  no , just pointing something out . 
  although personally speaking , we have a set of water butts for collecting rainwater from the house drainage pipes at home which we use for a variety of non-drinking/hygiene purposes . 
   implying fucking an animal is n't cruel, 
  it 's about 50:50 really . 
  ask yourself how you 'd get rid of a dead body ? 
  have an answer ? 
  problem solved !, 
   are you trying to say there are no girls on the internet ? 
  yes . 
  well , create a clone of it and then steal it , yes . 
  if something is worth the price being asked , i 'll gladly pay for it . 
  for example , i pay for all my games , have a netflix subscription , and go to the cinema about once a month . 
  but the prices asked for music and the difficulty getting shows not available on netflix ( i watch anime for example , and that shit is difficult to get legally ) make piracy the only affordable/feasible alternative for people like me in those cases . 
   it 's bullshit . 
  i used to justify piracy with those same arguments - then i became an adult . 
  explaining how it 's bullshit might go a long way towards actually convincing people that you 're an adult instead of a ranting teen . 
   grow up and stop trying to rationalize everything that you want to do that society considers wrong . 
  if you like something and you want it , fucking buy it like every other respectable human being . 
  if it 's too `` expensive '' for you , then find it used . 
  if you ca n't do that , then too fucking bad . 
  stop wanting it , or adjust your definition of expensive . 
  i guess you never had money problems growing up .
