  catholic values have seeped into the fabric of our society to the point where even non-religious irish people often hold them . 
  for that reason , i consider that believing that marriage is solely between a man and a woman is n't an exclusively religious belief - it is more often than not a cultural one . 
   so you form your ideals from religion , but do n't believe yourself to be religious ? 
  never said these were my opinions . 
  i 'm not religious in the slightest either . 
  i just like to look at arguments from both sides of the coin . 
  it 's better than just shouting `` bigots ! '', 
  at anybody who disagrees with you . 
  no strong feelings either way . 
  they 're a bit overbearing on / r/ireland though . 
  insulting people is n't a particularly mature way to debate . 
  if you 're so confident that you 're in the right , you should have no problem engaging in a reasonable discussion without resorting to insults . 
   i do n't get why i have to respect someone 's opinion that is immoral . 
  genuinely wrong . 
  ( a ) it could be argued that marriage is n't a moral issue , ( b ) it 's only immoral from the perspective of part of the population . 
  the other part would consider homosexual relationships immoral . 
  not that i 'm defending the latter group , but morals can be subjective . 
  but i 'm not even voting . 
  a non-voter having a preference for either side of the debate makes no sense . 
  you have no idea how a constitutional democracy works , do you ? 
  all your points seem to be based heavily on subjective opinion . 
  this is an incredibly childish attitude . 
  i thought the no side were supposed to me mature ? 
  they could say the same about your 's . 
  you are not helping the yes campaign with your childish attitude . 
  if anything , you 're a detriment to it . 
  but people like you seem to be too thick to realise that . 
  and calling no voters bigots achieves that goal how exactly ? 
   nobody is crying foul that the water protesters are driving around residential areas , blaring their `` agenda '' through speakers on top of their cars before they have massive protests . 
  actually a lot of people do complain about that . 
  but i thought gender-based premium discrimination was banned now ? 
   he wrote this post like it was a serious issue . 
  men have some legitimate problems like divorce cases working in the womens favour most of the time ( which is mens fault due to men seeing women as weak throughout history ) , but cheap drinks ? 
  yes , because * everything * is the fault of men . 
  that 's fair enough . 
   by the fall of reach , oni command is sitting in a bunker saying that , at best , humanity has a few months before the covenant fins earth , glass it , and then glass the rest of the then-unprotected human colonies - a few months until extinction . 
  christ on a bike , it 's hard to imagine that things had become so grim . 
   they only survived because of the events of halo , which was only an accidental find . 
  did n't cortana sort of have an idea where she was jumping to when escaping reach in the pillar of autumn though ? 
  that gave me the chiils . 
  to come so close to extinction , and then for the tables the turn in the space of few months . 
  what was the remaining human population following the war ? 
  i remember reading that it was terrifying low compared to what it had been before the war . 
   the survival of humanity can thus be directly attributed to a small pink rock that the master chief found . 
  such is life in the halo universe . 
  not my intention to scare anybody . 
  i guess that has a bit of a ring to it alright . 
  lord_addictus the vanquisher . 
  your point being ? 
  whatever you 're implying wo n't change the fact that i 'm not going to be voting in this referendum . 
  i 've made it abundantly clear over the past few months on this subreddit that i 'm firmly on the fence by virtue of not having a vested interest in the issue . 
  that said , i do like pointing out the hypocrisies of the yes campaigners on / r/ireland , if only because there are already enough people pointing out the hypocrisies of the no campaign . 
  yes , you are correct . 
  cortana 's origins are n't even technically legal . 
  i do n't like hypocrisy , especially in the lead up to something as important as a referendum . 
  you can get a 4x4 version though , and according to reviews i 've read they 're surprisingly capable offroad in that format . 
  however , i think even dacia themselves would admit that it 's a crossover , not a 4x4 . 
  what 's wrong with the duster ? 
  it 's probably the best vehicle dacia makes . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  nightfall and maria 's story were two totally unnecessary additions to the halo franchise that did nothing but tarnish the lore . 
  i wish they could be wiped from the canon . 
   now , it would probably make more sense to go join up with ` vadam , but maybe some of them were tired of fighting their own kind and decided to `` retire '' to human space . 
  that strikes me as highly unlikely though . 
  if your keep was opposed to thel ` vadam , you probably hated humans a lot . 
  seeking asylum on one of their planets makes no sense . 
  y ` see , i can sorta understand unggoy seeking asylum - i imagine that quite a few of them would jump ship from the covenant whenever they got a chance . 
  but none of the other races would have any reason to seek anything from humanity . 
  that 's not what i said . 
  referendums are always important regardless of what the issue is , but i think it would be wrong of me to vote if i had no strong opinion either way on the subject being voted on . 
  my apologies , i misread your original comment . 
  that said , it still strikes me as unlikely that they would shirk their honour and present themselves on a plate to their former enemies . 
   i actually like the idea of a spartan getting blown off of a space elevator , falling into the wilderness below and slowly realizing no one is coming back for him . 
  it would be interesting to see how a person so thoroughly indoctrinated with duty and loyalty would deal with being more or less abandoned by the people he was sworn to . 
  yeah , i actually really like randall 's backstory . 
  unique and interesting , showing an undocumented aspect of life as a spartan . 
  such a waste . 
   well if you feel that way , then why are n't you voting ? 
  because i ca n't decide which side to vote for due to a distinct lack of interest . 
   sounds to me like you do have a strong opinion , but you simply do n't have the gall to say you 're a no voter . 
  you 've alluded , you 've insinuated , you have tiptoed to the brink of impropriety with all your posts . 
  i 'm an anonymous guy on the internet who has a track record of going against the grain of the / r/ireland consensus . 
  if i was a no voter , i 'd like to think that i would n't be ashamed of it just because of what / r/ireland thinks . 
   the kig-yar , i think , would as well . 
  the kig-yar strike me as being too independent to seek asylum from humanity in any significant numbers . 
   so if this subreddit was against it , you would be for it ? 
  what are you , the resident hipster of voting ? 
  you are the master of misinterpretation . 
  all i meant was that my views have a tendency to conflict with those broadly expressed by / r/ireland as a whole . 
   perhaps not even for your future kids, 
  do n't worry , i do n't plan on having children . 
   what about lgbt friends ? 
  what about them ? 
  i have the kind of lgbt friends that do n't hinge our friendship on how i vote in a referendum . 
   the dacia logon mcv has a hell of a lot of room for the price . 
  to be fair , the logan is about as bare-bones as you can get with a car under current regulations . 
  the duster is great though . 
  i would n't say they 're fucking * all * of the shit up , just some of it . 
  they have good intentions , but they 're not exercising enough creative control in certain areas of their media . 
  but why not use an injured spartan or one who just fell short of completing the augmentation process ?
