  it 's an awful waste to `` retire '' one of your precious spartan iis just to see what their offspring would be like . 
  would n't fancy insuring or keeping fuel in her . 
  coincidently mass effect 3 is also one of my favourite online multiplayer games . 
   not really any good racing games imo . 
   or perhaps when oni reversed the augmentations , they overcompensated , which caused randal to just have moderately above-average reflexes and speed, 
  would n't surprise me given how bitter oni would be about losing a spartan ii . 
  to be fair , that scene has long been a source of ambiguity and argument on / a / . 
   impressed by 10 smug faces, 
  was that some sort of newfag thread ? 
  you could sit in one smug thread on / a / and easily have 100 within the hour . 
   40 euro a week on greek classes in an attempt to make some shitty point about football, 
  no wonder greece is broke . 
  it would be better if it was set on a human colony world as there are documented cases of humans and covenant races cohabiting on such planets during the post-war period . 
  i somehow doubt the ueg/unsc/oni would be too willing to grant covenant races residency on earth of all places . 
  posers . 
   implying i 'm going to let my collection meet the same fate pepe did, 
  i mainly visit / a / and / int / . 
  anything i ever post in / r9k / usually gets ignored , which either means i 'm super autistic or more of a normalfag than i thought . 
  as of now , i 'm unsure as to which of these possibilities is worse . 
  i ca n't think of any planets off the top of my head , but both the halo escalation comics and the kilo five trilogy mention a number of planets where humans and covenant races are currently cohabiting . 
  personally i 'd suggest looking up the list of planets that humans still live on in the post-war period , and pick something within the outer colonies with a relatively large human population . 
  outer colony worlds would be more tolerant of covenant asylum seekers and immigrants due to mutual distrust of the unsc . 
  as long as he does n't release them , he may actually be fueling speculation , which in the short term is very good for the market . 
  35-40 range for me ( i 'm taking variable factors into account ) . 
  jesus fucking christ , you should n't even be on the internet . 
  i was very honest with myself and got an average of 38 . 
   / vg / , / a / and / mu /, 
  those boards are full of normalfags . 
  great write-up . 
  23 billion humans is a lot to die in the space of 27 years . 
  further proof that you never visit / a / . 
  the time to sell pepe was a month ago . 
  i 'm not a particularly good person to answer this because anime is a considerably more broad medium than it 's given credit for and i find it hard to tell somebody whether they will enjoy it or not without knowing what they like . 
  suffice to say , provided you can tolerate certain anime tropes that one just has to deal with as a fan of the medium , there 's more than enough variety in anime to find something you like . 
  and people get into it for a variety of different reasons too . 
  for me it was the animation i get great enjoyment from animation done well . 
  literally nothing because i 've never seen that and know nothing about it . 
   and human worlds are open, 
  i 'd only classify certain outer colony words as being `` open '' . 
  oh boy , / a / would have fun with you . 
  you clearly fundamentally misunderstand / r9k / in that case . 
  but 4chan was founded on anime . 
  on the corvette ? 
  huh , i never found that bit particularly difficult . 
  the part i usually had trouble with was actually taking the corvette 's control room . 
  that elite with the concussion rifle was scarily accurate . 
  that and exodus . 
  while long night of solace was arguably better , exodus felt more like halo and had a brilliant tone throughout . 
  but has n't the prescence of the spartan ivs so far in the canon done nothing but reinforce the fact that because they are `` more human '' they are flawed and can never be as good as the spartan iis ? 
  think about the prologue of halo 4 : halsey is being questioned about the chief - being asked whether she thinks he succeeded because he was `` at his core , broken '' ( i.e. 
  a broken human , which cortana hints at many times throughout the campaign ) . 
  halsey quickly cops on that they want to replace john , and it 's evident that oni and the unsc are having trouble doing so by just augmenting adult humans . 
   ancient powerful human civilization is a trope i detest , so i am biased against that . 
  i 'm with you on that one . 
  humans were already `` special '' in the halo universe - they did n't need to be even moreso . 
  i often have issues with the spartan iv program too , but it became a lot easier for me to swallow when i realised that 343i is n't painting the program in the most positive light a lot of the time . 
  i think they want to make it clear that the program is flawed . 
   i hate the direction that they are taking halsey , she 's been taken from this patriot who is doing what needs to be done to save humanity , at the cost of her personal humanity , and turned her into this super-egotistical ( word here that i do n't know ) . 
  to be fair , in canon a lot of that is oni 's fault . 
  they need a scapegoat for the spartan ii program and also need to control halsey . 
  two birds with the one stone . 
  halo 2 anniversary really cemented how brilliant halo 2 is from a story standpoint ( personally i 'll always have issues with other elements of the game though ) . 
  the blur cutscenes in particular really do it justice . 
   i do n't like how they 're having her turn on humanity for no real reason, 
  halsey will never turn on humanity - that 's a given . 
   i also disliked reach as it seems way to easy for the covenant to sneak an entire battalion on the humanity 's most defend planet ( other than earth ) . 
  while improbable , you have to remember that ( a ) the future arbiter was the commander of the fleet that attacked reach ; the most prolific covenant warrior in the war against the humans and a tactical mastermind , ( b ) covenant tech allowed them to sneak in undetected primarily because the unsc had never encountered the type of tech they used since the covenant had never attacked a human planet in that manner before , ( c ) large parts of reach appear to be sparsely populated . 
  despite it 's role as a military fortress planet , its population does n't appear to have been particularly huge . 
  anime characters never really die . 
  moot will return at the moment we need him most . 
  i felt the break in momentum was appropriate because it marked the point in the game where all the major characters and the player themselves accepted that reach was lost and it was now just a desperate evacuation operation . 
  up until that point there had been a glimmer of hope . 
  now there was just despair . 
   it 's just as well now there 's a population of about a million people eligible to vote now that were either too young then or not born yet . 
  who is to say that they 're all liberal enough to vote yes though ? 
  the women send a message in a bottle to the men 's island demanding that the men give them some of the crocodile they caught . 
  for me at least , seeing [ this trailer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5iwyoxv_v8o ) before the game was launched was the biggest source of hype for halo reach . 
  fantastic level - arguably the best of the game in terms of gameplay at least ( which is all the more impressive given that virtually all of reach 's levels were top notch from a gameplay perspective ) . 
  land assault , a bit of corridor shooting , space combat , battle on board a covenant ship - all in one level !, 
  brilliantly executed space combat ( far better than that of halo 4 ) , beautiful vistas and cutscenes ( made all the better because your custom noble 6 was in them ) , and a wide variety of enemies and weapons . 
  i still think jorge 's death was a bit cheap though . 
  almost too convenient . 
  was castle totally destroyed though ? 
  so much of it was underground and it was so expansive . 
  yeah , i really * really * dislike the geas plotline/theory . 
  to be fair , plot was always reach 's weak point . 
  so is taking down the signs . 
  powerfully childish . 
  ** edit : ** guess i pissed off the yes voters - * again * . 
  if you were on the fence , that could be the tipping factor . 
  gaylord was an unsuccessful brand of car too . 
  made by the gaylord brothers . 
   we also have tv programs which try to predict the numbers . 
  what ? 
  the american college system gets increasingly weird the more i hear about it . 
  sounds retarded . 
  where i live , as long as you get the required grades , you 'll get in the college of your choice . 
  no questions asked . 
  i do n't even think we have a proper permanent record system . 
  i 'm european - the connection between our second and third level education systems is very weak .
