  somebody sounds poor . 
  not from the uk , bro . 
  severely underrated game . 
  ending was shite though ( i think they had intended on a sequel ) , and could have been a bit longer . 
  i 've never found them to be * that * competitive . 
  that said , i do n't shop at gamestop much any more . 
  i tend to buy my new games either online or at argos ( they tend to be about $ 5 cheaper than most places on certain new games . 
  gta v ), 
  you 're right there . 
  obviously tesco would have no interest in the second hand market anyway . 
  however , gamestop 's stranglehold on the used games market is n't what it used to be . 
  in the cities , cex is giving them a run for their money . 
  this kills the tree . 
  do people know nothing ? 
  parties are not for internet dwellers . 
  fair point . 
  but they 've been selling games for years now . 
  it does n't make sense that they never invested in a market properly when the times were good ( and the physical game market is still pretty decent right now ) . 
   fucking autist thinks people are like computers to be programmed . 
  some day ... 
  i would never go to a party . 
  victim blaming . 
  but 4chan has mainstream clout . 
  those are more fringe sites that your average internet user would n't be aware of . 
  why ? 
  jeez , it 's not * that * sad . 
  to be fair , you do n't have to be from achill to realise that living there would be pretty awful in this day and age for most people . 
  an internet party in real life or an internet party on the internet ? 
  because we all know how the former goes ... [ * shudders * ], 
  how come israel has n't deployed them in the war in gaza yet ? 
  i did n't start using the internet `` properly '' until 2006 . 
  curse my youthfulness !, 
  he 's right though . 
  the decline ( say what you want , but it does exist ) of 4chan in recent years is a good example of the problem at hand . 
  4chan held out much longer than most sites , but even now it 's being infested with new wave internet users . 
  most people just mention a possible campaign on 4chan , and then tell the interested members to migrate to another chan site for the actual organisation part . 
  most 4chan mods are okay with that kind thing . 
  i am not a violent person and would usually oppose vigilante justice . 
  but if some fucker deliberately injured my cat or dog , no amount of jail time would make me regret the damage i would do to the perpetrator . 
  what does it say about a person that they derive enjoyment from seriously injuring an animal a fraction of their size ? 
   police state, 
  i do n't think you understand what those words mean . 
  and the junkies ( although i suppose that ties in with not feeling safe in certain areas of the city ) . 
  but a lot of dubs do n't like acknowledging that particular issue for some reason . 
  but i ca n't do anything about the fact that i was born at the beginning of the 90 's . 
  can i ? 
  good internets ? 
  yeah , but the pro-choice side often assumes that all women are on their side . 
  nobody is forcing you to use 4chan . 
  you do n't have to like everything about the site , but as long as you do n't go all sjw and try to change the place , you should be just fine . 
  they would have been mighty hearty . 
  i thought wizardchan was where virgins migrate to upon reaching their 30th year . 
  the second to last comment about bronies is actually quite accurate . 
  that `` development '' has little to do with the entire social justice/progressive movement . 
  sjws exist within the fandom , sure . 
  but there are just as many / pol / - types and everything in between . 
  unusually high number of lgbt people though - i always wondered why that was the case . 
  you had a good thing going , anon !, 
  why the fuck could n't you just pretend to be normal for once in your life ? 
  depends on the board . 
  well on that we can agree . 
  that said , it 's had its moments down through the years . 
  yeah , there are some really fucking weird people in the brony community . 
  i should know - i was a member until about a year ago . 
  i had been in the fandom since the early days of the shitposting on 4chan . 
  i like animation , and after seeing all the gifs and memes on the likes of / b / , i gave the show a try . 
  before i knew it i was a brony . 
  admittedly i * was * a rather weird kid in highschool , but i had a good circle of friends and most people found me tolerable at the very least . 
  so i did n't exactly fit the typical brony archetype . 
  that said , i found the early days of the brony community to be thoroughly enjoyable . 
  i do n't really regret my time there at all as i made some good gaming friends and discovered some new hobbies ( i now know how to make flash animations for example ) . 
  and up until about 18 months ago everything was pretty good . 
  sure there was weirdos in the fandom since day one , but they were relatively easy to ignore . 
  us semi-normals just kept to ourselves and watched a show about 2d multicoloured equines . 
  but in a manner exactly as you described , more and more exceptionally weird people started to flood the fandom as the show gained more infamy on the internet . 
  that and the fact that the resident freaks of the fandom were progressively becoming less shameful about putting their `` unusual '' hobby on display . 
  the `` horsefuckers '' in particular were becoming particularly vocal , which cast the entire community in an even worse light than before . 
  in the end , a combination of all the above factors and a declining interest in the tv show made me leave the community . 
  and having seen what it 's become in the past year since i left , i could n't be happier about my decision . 
  so yeah , that 's my insight into the story ... 
  catchy isis theme ? 
  when were they leaked though ? 
  gone home and depression quest : the fact that these games received any praise at all shows how much the social justice crowd have infiltrated the gaming industry . 
  and if you dare question or criticise the game , you 're branded a shitlord . 
  god i love this age we live in !, 
   the fact that it won spike 's indie of the year against both real games and the stanley parable ( a game that did the exact same thing but better ) just shows how pandering these people are . 
  ~ ~ lost to the stanley parable ?!, 
  jesus christ , i hate the fucking gaming industry . ~ ~, 
  ** edit : ** the stanley parable lost to gone home ? 
  oops , mixed up phrasing . 
  meant to say `` the stanley parable lost to it ?! '' . 
  edited now . 
  but yeah , i really liked the stanley parable . 
  however i agree with you - mark of the ninja is one of the best indie games i 've ever played . 
  that 's changed since i last saw it . 
  the final stage was wizard status before . 
  that begs the question why such photos exist ... 
  well , i 'm only going on what i 've experienced here . 
  i 've been downvoted in the past for complaining about dublin junkies and told that it is n't an issue . 
  yes zir .
