  that 's a bit harsh . 
  just because a person does n't care if they win or lose in a game of something they have * no interest * in , does not necessarily make them a loser . 
  we 're not hurting anybody ... 
  hey , everybody gets what they want and all is well - i do n't see what 's wrong with that method . 
  at least when you think the presents are coming from santa , they come guilt-free . 
  when i was a child , if i had known that my parents were the ones buying me these gifts i was getting , i would have felt guilty for them having to spend so much money on me ( i was an odd child in ways ) . 
  once i found out santa did n't exist , i gradually put a stop to my parents getting me gifts for christmas . 
  it 's been about 10 years since i 've allowed them get me anything ( i still buy them gifts though - they are fantastic parents and deserve it ), 
  i thought so too - that 's why i do n't understand when guys criticise other guys for doing it . 
   if you enjoy christmas , good for you . 
  but do n't hate on the people who do n't , and do n't set upon those who , god forbid , would express mild annoyance and disillusion with the entire holiday . 
  could n't agree more !, 
  although , the phrase happy holidays irks the hell out of me . 
  in the age of the `` creep culture '' , some of us are not willing to take that risk . 
  it only takes one girl who disapproves of you touching her for the whole room to deem you a creep . 
  i 'm not even from america - i 'm from europe . 
  the `` creep culture '' thing is n't as strong over here , but like most things from america , its influence can be felt . 
   yeah , i do n't get this either . 
  it 's like non-vegetarians have this rule that every meal must contain meat . 
  it should n't even be that big a deal . 
  you eat dinner at $ vegetarian 's place ? 
  you 'll live through a delicious vegetarian dish . 
  yet , if you were eating at a non-vegetarian 's house , you would expect them ( if they were a friend who knew you were vegetarian ) to provide you with a vegetarian alternative and not force you to eat meat . 
  they 're catering for you , why should n't you cater for them ? 
  also , as somebody with vegetarian friends , whether any * delicious * vegetarian food exists , is all subjective . 
  i have yet to find a vegetarian meal that i enjoy, 
  so , you are going to chastise people you know for eating meat ? 
  ah , my apologies - for some reason i thought you were being a lot more aggressive about vegetarianism and meat-eaters in your original comment than you actually were . 
  your non-confrontational means of promoting something you believe in is something i can relate to . 
  i have friends who are big stargate fans and have seen my fair share of sg1 as a result of that . 
  i really enjoy the show , but i just do n't have the time to devote to watching my friend 's entire 10 season boxset . 
  however , i 've never seen atlantis or universe , and while they claim atlantis is just as good as sg1 , universe pales by comparison . 
  i 've also heard this point that universe is the worst of the 3 reiterated on reddit before . 
  is there any truth to this ? 
  thing is , i have a great little circle of friends back in my home town from when i was in high school . 
  we 've been through thick and thin together , and i 'd be lost without them . 
  but i 'm now living an hour away by train , and most of them are in different colleges . 
  about 3 of them go to the same college as me , but i only see one of them with any regularity . 
  we all keep in contact on facebook , but the chances we get to talk properly are n't that often . 
  i 've always found it easy to get on with people - i 'm on good terms with most the people in engineering and they are very nice people . 
  but i would n't consider hardly any of them friends - acquaintances would be a better term . 
  i only ever encounter them in a work/study environment , usually during stressful project/assignment work or revision , so it is n't the best environment to make close friendships . 
  and despite my affable nature , i 'm slow to make friends anyway . 
  any friends i still have were made over the process of a few years either at the start of elementary school or high school - it always takes at least a year for me to become good friends with somebody ( i have certain trust issues ) . 
  but it 's a system that works for me because any close friends i have made down through the years , i have retained . 
  as regards gaming , i am an avid gamer . 
  i play mainly on my xbox , but i do n't have that with me at college and i do n't get home a lot . 
  as a result , i 've started playing more pc games . 
  my rig ai n't great ( even a high end laptop is n't the best for gaming ) , but i 'm trying to get into more community based games as i do n't usually interact with people when playing on my xbox . 
  i 'm not a fan of any mmo 's i 've tried ( most are fantasy based , where as i prefer the sci-fi genre ) , but i like to keep an open mind . 
  oh , and as regards female friends i like - not gon na happen in engineering . 
  ever . 
  there is like 20 guys to every girl : l, 
  i would love to take a break from my course , to get a chance to reflect on what i really want to do with my life and whether engineering is truly right for me . 
  by right , i probably should have done that straight after graduating from high school instead of rushing into a course i had n't properly researched ( although , to be fair , i had no idea i would capitulate this badly - i had always risen to challenges in the past ) . 
  but my parents have paid for my tuition , accommodation and most my living expenses ( i only work during the summer because my job is in my hometown ) and i dunno if i could deal with the guilt of practically throwing it all back in their faces . 
  they probably would n't stop me from doing it , as they 've always supported me making my own decisions , but i would become a black sheep amongst my career focused extended family . 
  maths was actually the summer exam i failed , so i know how you feel . 
  it 's not that i actively hate maths ( in fact , i used to love it until i got a really crappy teacher for the last 2 years of high school ) , but it 's just everywhere in engineering - there 's no break from it . 
  even though in my discipline we are no longer doing pure maths , the level of maths required is still quite high . 
  i can do it , but it does n't come as easy to me as it does to most other students , so it quickly becomes a burden . 
  in fact , i can pick up the theory in most my modules really easily ( i aced first year chemistry because it had so little maths in it ) , it 's just the maths that holds me back . 
  i never knew how bad i was at maths until i got to college - any suspicions i had before that were skewed by overly difficult tests and bad teachers . 
  as regards doing my course part-time , i 'm not sure if that 's an option to be honest . 
  i have 2 very close friends who know about my depression , one of whom i talk with about it regularly . 
  he 's very supportive , and has recently recommended i go see somebody about it as he said from his point of view , it seems to be getting worse . 
  about once a month , my circle of friends converge in our local pub in our hometown - that 's the only time we really see each other together any more . 
  as regards my the few friends i have in college , meeting up with them is hard at the best of times . 
  the other 2 do other courses that clash a lot with my timetable , and also have a lower work requirement so they have more time for social activities and therefore have made a sizeable network of new friends that they understandably have to give time to too . 
   but at the same time , i do n't feel it 's doing any more service to them to continue to push forward into an education and even a career you do n't actually want and that wo n't make you happy . 
  it would be even worse to push yourself back into depression and a full-blown breakdown . 
  i understand completely what you 're saying - my whole outlook on life has altered since i came to college , and my mental health has definitely taken a hit . 
  like , i was n't emotionally perfect when i came to college to begin with - as i said in my original post , i had battled depression before . 
  but any issues i had have just multiplied in the past year or so , and i ca n't see any sign of improvement if i continue along my current path . 
  i marvel every day how one decision has affected my life so dramatically . 
  my depression has reached the point where i 've stopped caring about and trying in so many aspects of life . 
  today was an example of how when i put effort into something and give a damn about it , it ends up biting me in the ass and putting me on the verge of a flippin ' mental breakdown . 
  i 've become incredibly apathetic , so much so that i have a test tomorrow that i have n't studied for , yet ca n't bring myself to do even some last minute cramming . 
  i 'm just sitting here , with a knotted pain in my stomach , unable to even get the books out of my bag . 
  and it 's not like i 'm just in the habit of slacking off - i put in a 12 hour day today between projects and other study . 
  i just ca n't bring myself to study something i hate and something i know i will fail regardless of the work i put in between now and the test . 
  i feel burnt out and i just do n't care - something i could never imagine myself saying 2 years ago . 
  until i came to college , i had never failed a test in my life and took grades very seriously . 
  me too - thanks for talking with me , 
  i live in a country where getting therapy is rather hush-hush , but after today i looked up the mental health counselling service my college provides just to see if it would be any help . 
  i would n't know how to go seek therapy directly myself just yet - it is n't widely advertised , so counselling service could be a good intermediary . 
  i think i 'm finally at the point where i 've accepted i need help . 
  i was always one of those people who tended to keep their head down and sort out their own problems ( hence why only 2 people know about my depression ) , but i 'm close to breaking point , so it 's now or risk the repercussions . 
  only 4 college days to go !, 
  thanks for listening [ ] ( / a01 ), 
  in my 20 's , never had sex , do n't plan on doing so ever . 
  i have other reasons , but one of the main reasons is that i 'm terrified i 'll get a girl pregnant . 
  abortion is illegal where i am and there 's always the chance the girl would n't want to abort . 
  i simply would not be able to handle the situation - i 'd probably have a mental breakdown . 
  i do n't trust birth control or condoms , so abstinence is the only way forward . 
  thank god i 'm an introvert - it makes this much easier . 
   bitter , cynical and aloof, 
  pretty much describes my attitude to dating before i even tried - it 's just not worth the effort in my opinion . 
  almost as long as life has existed , the predatory carnivore will kill and eat other organisms . 
  and while the humans are technically omnivores , the same fact holds true - we kill and eat other animals .
