  but other than the fiscal conservatives you referred to when you mentioned austerity , what other kind of conservatives are their besides social conservatives ? 
  i was only asking what you mean by `` other conservatives '' - i did n't really have any broader point . 
  and now you 've answered the question , so it 's all good . 
  taken from the graveyard ? 
  one of the most depressing places in ireland to grow up . 
  blasphemer !, 
  you have my condolences . 
  important clarifier . 
  decent pic though . 
  taken from the top of the hill where people slide down on pieces of cardboard into the broken beer/cider bottles ? 
  unfortunately , thanks to the likes of tumblr , yes . 
  complete with requisite homeless person . 
  i think it 's a repost though . 
  well , to be fair , she could have just said `` no '' and broken up with him . 
  going on what you said about bing in fact being my opening page as opposed to my default browser , i did some more research . 
  turns out that malicious conduit browser program had piggy-backed on a software update i had installed recently , and it was its browser ( powered by bing ) that was appearing when i opened a new tab . 
  i hunted through my programs list and found it buried amongst some other program files . 
  once i deleted it , the problem was resolved . 
  thanks for pointing me in the right direction . 
  teenagers ... ... 
  yeah , i think it 's gone now fully . 
  it has n't reappeared yet anyway . 
   we exist to fuck, 
  if said sex is for the act of reproduction , yes . 
  otherwise , the importance we give to sex as an act alone is in fact a social construct . 
  eh , i see what you mean . 
  i could have possibly chosen a better word , but i think people get the jist of what i 'm saying regardless . 
  i 'm not sure how this attempts to change my view ... ... 
   and that any aspirations we may have are also with an aim to have sex - is plain wrong ; if this is the case for anyone , they must be living an extremely shallow life . 
  unfortunately the world is full of some very shallow people . 
   but the reason it `` makes us do things that objectively seem ridiculous , '' is because every time i have sex it 's literally the best part of my day . 
  fine , and that 's great for you . 
  but coming home after a hard day 's , having a nice dinner , and playing video games is the best part of * my * day . 
  everybody has different things that are important to them , yet sex is the one that dominates so many aspects of every day life on earth . 
  and one thing having that much power is hardly good . 
  that may have held true in the past , but surely in this modern age if we realised that our population numbers were becoming dangerously low , we would reproduce if only to continue our existence ? 
  what i 'm saying is that sex no longer deserves the place of power and influence in our society . 
   why is having aspirations for the sake of themselves any better than with the intention of making yourself more eligible to sex ? 
  because frankly that seems rather immature and could definitely be considered shallow . 
   having a penis is not what makes you a man . 
  by biological definition , it does . 
  that 's a damn good answer . 
  i like the way you avoided the whole biological side of things , which made for a much more solid argument . 
  how so ? 
   it 's a basic human need . 
  it is n't some societal construction . 
  people can survive just fine without sex . 
  the only way in which we actually * need * it is to reproduce . 
  dude , if you 're gon na be immature , get the hell out of / r/changemyview . 
  i understand it perfectly - i just do n't agree with it . 
  also , i do n't see what was particularly `` deep '' about it . 
  that 's a circumstantial point and does n't have a lot to do with the topic at hand . 
  most pregnancies are actually planned anyway . 
   because it 's profound . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  it 's a biological act - simple as . 
   a person can live without sex . 
  people ca n't . 
  okay , fair enough . 
  but let 's be a bit more precise in that case : `` people can survive without sex that is n't for the purpose of reproduction ! '', 
  it was nothing to do with sexual definitions , i 'll tell you that . 
  it 's about the act of sex and it 's unwarranted importance in our society . 
  yes , but i feel like an exception to the rule . 
  i also still have to deal with the way sex invades almost every aspect of society , which i ca n't really block out . 
   you 're mad that you 're a virgin . 
  this might hold some water , if it were true . 
  i never asked that question . 
  yeah , but they 're not on the verge of extinction , are they ? 
   there are lots of cases where individuals act contrary to to the group interests hoping others will make the sacrifice instead . 
  this a good point . 
  but i suppose we could never know if the continuation of the species would be enough of a driving force to overcome such acts . 
   but good luck trying to persuade others that these things do n't matter . 
  yet another flaw in our society . 
  because to me it is only justified if you are only talking about sex for the sole purpose of reproduction . 
  people use `` biology '' as a cop-out answer to these sort of questions all the time , when the truth is a lot more complex . 
  dude , i mis-used a word that is similar enough to what i intended so everybody understood it anyway - no harm , no foul . 
  this is reddit - people reply to comments that were n't initially directed to them . 
  that 's how the place works . 
  we need sex for procreation , not `` we need sex '' period . 
  according to my google chrome auto-correct , both are acceptable . 
  i 've been here long enough to know what 's accepted and what 's not accepted . 
  if what i had done was was unacceptable , surely i would have been downvoted to hell . 
  yet virgins get ridiculed for being in the state they are in all the time in society and the media . 
  and you 're entitled to think that . 
  it does n't make you right , but feel free to continue thinking it . 
  meanwhile , i 'll be over here talking with the people who are genuinely trying to change my view . 
  but we humans no longer use sex solely as a means of procreation . 
  yes , i used it in error - it was pointed out to me . 
  people understood what i meant , so can we move along ? 
  yes , because some random guy on the internet * obviously * knows me better than i know myself . 
  i understand it fine , thank you very much . 
  okaaaaaaay - so you 're telling me that i have to sit here and listen to you tell me that a fact about my life is not true ? 
  man , you 're all kinds of ignorant !, 
  also , this is a cmv post - it 's frowned upon if op does n't respond to comments . 
  that said , your 's was n't particularly `` helpful '' , but what can i say - it 's been a slow evening . 
   to put it succinctly , it is important to have it as a social construct . 
  i strongly disagree . 
  we 're attaching way too much weight to a biological act between two people ( that is only sometimes used for reproduction ), 
   what do n't we use solely as means of procreation ? 
  sex,
