  the sjw movement is becoming ever more globalised . 
  it 's hard define these standards as they will vary from person to person and from area to area , but in the general sense they tend to oppose left-wing standards on many key issues . 
  for example , i 'd be opposed to abortion on demand whereas most left-wing folk i know are in favour of it . 
   abortion is a human right . 
  ... in your opinion . 
  fortunately it takes a bit more than that for something to be considered a human right . 
  ** edit : ** and yet people shit on me when i say that / r/ireland does n't like dissenting opinions . 
  and it 's still shite in rural areas . 
  to be fair , he talked about the hooligans without specifying nationality . 
  what stuck out for me was the focus on the french air activity in syria , as opposed to , y' know , what the russians are up to over there . 
  why is n't the song at the end the official euro 2016 song ? 
  nope . 
  i was raised catholic but i have n't been a practicing catholic in years . 
  i developed my views on abortion after i stopped practicing based on my own morals . 
  i do n't oppose abortion in cases of rape , incest , medical risk to the mother 's life , or crippling fetal abnormalities , but i strongly oppose abortion on demand outside of these circumstances . 
  college is overrated . 
  it 's fantastic if you 're a normie . 
  i 've been looking for that for years . 
  i frequently see the [ british soldier laughing ] gif popping up and always wondered where it came from . 
   this is part of a top-notch documentary . 
  is the documentary available anywhere online , do you know ? 
  as i 've said before , i support abortion in cases of rape , incest , verified danger to the mother 's life , and fatal/crippling fetal abnormalities . 
  however , i * do n't * consider abortion on demand to be a human right . 
   you should have said that the first time because i think most people would agree that is a very reasonable position to hold . 
  i viewed it as pointless as / r/ireland has regularly attacked me in the past for holding the views that i do on this issue . 
   bmw i8, 
  well , at least he seems to care about the environment . 
  most my tanks are in tiers vi and vii , but i 've held onto a few of my favourite lower tier tanks ( e.g. 
  38t , pz . 
  iv h , stug iii g ) for when i just want to have some fun and club some seals . 
  i 've recently started playing more tier viii games though . 
  they 're different and usually fun , but i do n't have much interest in progressing much higher because the grind and soviet bias are just ridiculous at ix and x. 
  i 'm more of an e46 man myself , but i 'd be in the same boat . 
  maybe get it to run on ethanol or something . 
  well to be fair , regardless of what brand you car is , people who key cars are dicks . 
  no you do n't . 
  just note the licence plate , take a photo , and report it like a normal , non-criminal person . 
  jesus , the fact that i have to explain this to you says a lot . 
   the keys are out in these instances ( happens myself at least once a month ) . 
  that 's vandalism and you 're a criminal . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right and all that . 
  this is / r/ireland . 
  take a wild guess which country we 're referring to . 
  you 're not the government - you do n't get to make taxation decisions . 
  you 're just being a cunt . 
   personally i probably would never key a car back home , but here i do it more than i care to admit . 
  maybe consider not being a dick ? 
  thanks very much !, 
  that equipment would have looked outdated in the 1980s . 
  i still would n't do it as a matter of principle . 
  you 're stooping to the level of vandalism . 
   i just get so infuriated by the constant entitlement here, 
  believe me , i understand where you 're coming from . 
  i dunno about you guys , but i do n't get much satisfaction from vandalising the property of others . 
  yes , well , that would n't exactly befit his image now , would it ? 
  also there 's times when one can take the environmentalism too far . 
  got ta strike a balance . 
   it 's not up to you to decide/guess when life starts . 
  well who gets to decide then ? 
  because science sure as hell has n't been able to determine with certainty when life begins . 
  but science has yet to provide a definitive answer . 
  until then , i 'd prefer to err on the side of caustion . 
  i think we understand just fine . 
  laws should apply to everybody equally . 
  whatever happened to `` max par '' ? 
  then elect the people you want to make the laws . 
  * that 's * a democracy . 
  it 's not rude if you do n't get caught . 
  shnakey like . 
  well , this is one of the many reasons i do n't use social media ( unless reddit counts ) . 
  but they can now , and amendments can be made if necessary . 
  no issue . 
  the creator of that image clearly does n't even boatsluts . 
   not loving iowa, 
  she fought in ww2 , you ungrateful bastard !, 
  i do n't have an all-consuming hatred of ff like most people in / r/ireland do ( i still would n't vote for them though ) , but i strongly dislike miche\u00e1l martin . 
  he 's a great debater and has pulled ff back from the brink , but i really do n't like the man * at all * . 
  there 's something very offputting about him that i ca n't quite put my finger on . 
  what exactly did bill do to disrespect women ? 
  have a woman give him a blowjob ? 
  allegations . 
  nothing proven . 
  and what women said no to bill clinton ? 
  also , there 's no need to shout . 
  i can see the appeal , but going without the internet for even 24 hours is an impossibility for me at this stage . 
   but he certainly has a history of women accusing him of sexual assault . 
  well , regardless of how difficult it may be to get anything to stick to him , i 'd rather err on the side of caution and maintain the `` innocent until proven guilty '' line . 
  that 's not what the opinion polls say . 
  the popularity of the royal family is at an all time high recently . 
   24 hours is impossible ? 
  pretty much . 
   if you care to believe the victims and had any interest in the truth, 
  we only have the * allegations * of the supposed victims to go off . 
  nothing concrete . 
  do you believe in dragging the names of others through the dirt before they have been proven guilty ? 
  there 's a difference between those who just did n't pay their bills and those who actually turned up at the protests . 
  i do n't have any strong opinion on the matter either way . 
  as long as i do n't have to listen to paul murphy or his ilk . 
  i fail to see how the op acted entitled . 
   but also , if you 're at a fancy restaurant all night , and do n't tip , it 's a pretty dick move .
