   so whats your deal . 
  i 've been very clear so far . 
  you 're the one who keeps dodging the questions . 
  i 'm detecting some bias . 
  frankly , since tumblr initiated the raid by first * attempting * to raid certain boards on 4chan first , and then completely overreacting ( those who did react that is ) when / b / inevitably counter-raided , i think they came off worse than 4chan did . 
   certainly tumblr never raided 4chan first . 
  why would they ? 
  well , they did . 
  it barely registered , and / b / probably would n't have have known it was happening had tumblr not made a page dedicated to it , which indicated the date upon which it would be happening . 
  so 4chan showed them how a raid should be done . 
  i fail to see the issue . 
   how the fuck do you `` raid '' / b / ? 
  it 's like pouring gallons of piss down the sewers . 
  exactly , that 's why it failed . 
  as regards finding proof , the tumblr page inciting the raid appears to have been taken down . 
  i 'm trying to find a screenshot of it , but no luck yet . 
  i was n't on / b / when tumblr 's attempted raid took place , but / r/4chan had pretty good coverage of it and the subsequent counter-raid . 
  so , in the meantime , you 're making out that tumblr was an innocent victim that did nothing to incite the raid / b / enacted upon them ? 
  what reason would i have to lie about tumblr first raiding / b / and / pol / ? 
  i do n't use either board , and i do n't use tumblr . 
  i 'm only telling you how it went down because i saw it with my own eyes when i spent an enjoyable couple of hours watching the aftermath of 4chan 's counter-raid . 
  sorry it 's just a screenshot , but that 's the tumblr page that incited the original raid . 
  currently running through some archived screenshots for evidence of the `` raid '' itself in action . 
  that screenshot was taken within a day of the page becoming active ( see the timestamp ) . 
  do n't be so quick to jump to assumptions . 
  and remember , the raid was n't successful anyway . 
   you are a champion for exploiting and dehumanizing women . 
  that is clear . 
  what ? 
  and you made this assumption based on what exactly ? 
  just cleared 50k last month . 
  with the exception of gears of war and the battlefield 3 campaign , i do n't tend to play boring games . 
  i just tend to get an average of 75-80 % completion on all my games . 
  play roughly 60 + games that you actually enjoy , and you 're home and dry . 
  i found it to be one of the most tedious games i 've ever played . 
  ah , we 're just realists . 
  not like those optimistic fellas across the atlantic . 
  ha , [ this comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/ireland/comments/2dmux2/what_do_you_hate_about_ireland_the_most/cjr0epz ) is currently right below your 's . 
  every day i question why i 'm subscribed to this shithole . 
  one of the most vicious subreddits for downvoting those who disagree with the `` consensus '' . 
  if they 're having sex in a public area , yes . 
  that does n't sound like a particularly irish problem . 
  that just sounds like a teenager frankly . 
  nothing wrong with a healthy dose of cynicism . 
   if something goes wrong for you , it 's tough shit . 
  not that i think this is true , but what 's the alternative ? 
  does that include you ? 
  so you do n't like anybody from outside the pale ? 
  well , we do n't like you either . 
  and then everybody complains about the apparent negativity of irish people in the comments . 
   a law is not just because it is a law . 
  then should we just go around breaking them ? 
   gay ? 
  keep it to yourself please . 
  hey now , i have the same attitude towards heterosexual people . 
  no discrimination here . 
  / r/ireland should never be taken as an accurate reflection of the country . 
  do n't forget the scumbags !, 
   the weather is fucking shite too most of the time , pissing down almost all the time . 
  ah , the weather is fine . 
  sure rain is only falling water . 
  it was easily one of the worst games i 've ever played . 
  even though i got it free on games with gold , i still feel short-changed . 
  ireland is suddenly gon na start smelling a lot worse . 
  i find that disgusting . 
  i ca n't stand seeing yellow piss in the toilet when i go to use it . 
  i 'll build some sort of funnel apparatus , so i wo n't have to awkwardly lean over the sink . 
   do i have to solve all your problems for you ? 
  yes . 
  next problem ; where do i find a bucket ? 
  as somebody who supports abortion on medical grounds , even i 'd be uncomfortable terminating a pregnancy at the 24 week mark . 
  like , if it * can * survive outside the womb without crippling mental or physical deformation , it 's a person in the literal sense of the word . 
  that said , if the mother 's life is in verifiable medical danger if the pregnancy goes ahead , i would prioritize the mother 's life . 
  termination for social reasons would be very hard to pass in ireland . 
  i 'm in my 20 's , and i know plenty of non-religious people my age who oppose abortions in cases where the mother 's life is n't in danger . 
  personally i think we should aim to clarify the law to make it so that abortions before a certain date are the default option when the mother 's life is in danger . 
  the majority of the country would gladly accept that . 
   she goes on fucking hunger strike, 
  although this is a massive clusterfuck on the hse 's behalf and highlights how inadequate our abortion legislation is , going on hunger strike was not a clever or constructive move . 
   ( try not to do what i did however , and forget the words of hail mary . 
  i shit you not . ), 
  jeez , i can imagine the dirty looks the auld wans gave you . 
   suicide is a seriously complicated thing , and how dare they can presume to tell her how she actually feels . 
  the thing is , it 's very easy to claim you 're suicidal when you 're not . 
  although the current system is fucked up in a typically irish way , i would prefer there to be a system of checks and balances in place so `` claiming to be suicidal '' becomes the cover-all licence to get an abortion in ireland . 
  amongst other things , that trivializes suicide and depression . 
  but the fetus was at the point where it was viable as a human . 
  there 's no ignoring the fact that it * can * survive without the womb without crippling mental or physical disabilities . 
  even if our abortion laws were more liberal , i doubt they would allow an abortion at the 24 week mark . 
  at that point it should just have been a case of have the baby and put it into care for the time being . 
   but the administration does n't have the balls to go through with the legislation because they 're afraid of the pro-life side 's reaction . 
  or maybe 24 weeks is just too late for doctors/the administration to be comfortable performing an abortion ? 
  we ca n't just let one opinion dominate the entire debate . 
  i guarantee that when ( not if obviously ) our abortion legislation is liberalized , it wo n't allow abortion at the 24 week mark . 
   fucking backwards disgusting country . 
  then leave if you do n't like it . 
  and ? 
  is there some law that says we have to be like the rest ( not entirely accurate ) of europe in every way ? 
  if people like their foetuses/babies/whatever , they 're not going to vote for abortion legislation that conflicts with that . 
   really should have more cop on,
