  well personally at least , i would n't be interested in that . 
   is your life over already ? 
  just killing time . 
   if mankind had that attitude we 'd have gone extinct . 
  sure we 'll never get to mars like that lads . 
  i do n't expect everybody like myself , but i do n't wish to be attacked for a harmless opinion either . 
  fun for catfishing . 
  something something nuclear radiation . 
   the remodeled maps make it very difficult to find a target and arty seems to get the worst start positions, 
  good . 
  now less people will play sky cancer . 
  this is a weird question to be asking at 4am . 
   or do n't , and convince yourself you are right . 
  okay then . 
  if it pisses off turkey , i 'm fine with that . 
  i can do that myself . 
   i do n't know why you 'd want to go about picking fights with countries that have n't done anything to us . 
  to be fair , i just do n't like modern turkey . 
  there 's a lot to dislike about the place . 
   remember that germany still has n't helped us with the bank debt , why should we help them with their little spat with erdogan ? 
  and what exactly would you like germany to do about the debt that we owe ? 
  forgive it ? 
   and its likely to `` reemerge '' over the next decade or so . 
  not if its economy keeps tanking . 
  you make good points , and normally i 'd agree that we should keep our nose out of matters that do n't concern us and we have no influence over . 
  but i just really * really * dislike turkey and erdogan . 
  notice how my original comment made no reference to any other reason for acknowledging the genocide other than pissing off turkey . 
  not necessarily . 
  the japanese medium line ( i.e. 
  the only current japanese line ) has some very good tanks , such as the chi-nu , chi-to , and sta-1 . 
  they are however difficult tanks to master due to being very squishy ( almost no armor and mediocre health pools ) . 
  but in the right hands , their combination of mobility , dpm , and penetration can be a lethal combination . 
  i would definitely hold off on pursuing the line any further though until you 've a bit of experience with fast mediums under your belt . 
   or american turreted td 's, 
  the hellcat is fun but it is n't exactly forgiving . 
  nor or any of the tanks that come after it . 
  she 's far more of a warmonger than trump though , which is one of the main reasons people dislike her . 
  that and the corruption - ca n't forget the corruption . 
  fuck off , degenerate . 
  go waste your money and quit wasting our time . 
  why would you bother with optics ? 
  i considered it myself , but the centurion 1 already has a 400m view range . 
  it 's very rare that you would need more than that . 
  ** edit : ** forgot about `` seeing through '' camo . 
  and you 're basing that assumption on what exactly ? 
  i honestly do n't see the need , but that may be down to the way i play the centurion . 
  oh yeah , i forgot about that effect . 
  still though , i 'll probably just train my crew in situational awareness if i feel i need a bit more of view . 
  i ca n't afford to waste the equipment slot on optics in this particular tank . 
  it 's full of liberal nonsense . 
  but then you only get 40kg of beer . 
  get fit and acquire a new , heavier wife . 
  i agree fully with what you 're saying , and i run optics on most my lights and mediums . 
  but as i said , i ca n't afford to waste the slot * on the centurion * . 
  i need the spall liner because before i started using it i was losing a crew member almost every time i got hit and i need the gun rammer to improve the rather lackluster dpm . 
  and then that brings me to my post here today . 
  well you came to the wrong place , newfriend . 
  sounds like a good set-up . 
  just with regard to the spall liner that i use though ; do you ever have problems with losing crew members when you get hit ? 
  i know you should n't be getting hit in a centurion in the first place , but between crew losses and the delicate ammo rack , before i started using spall liner and safe stowage , * any * penetrating i hit i received tended to be very costly . 
  i may give it a shot alright . 
  i do n't mind spending the gold to get my centurion right as it is a tank that i initially had problems with but have recently grown to love . 
  well now i feel stupid . 
  thanks for the info . 
  fair enough . 
  i think my attraction to the spall liner may stem from my initial difficulties with the centurion where i played it rather aggressively like i had done with the comet , and sustained heavy crew losses . 
  i was therefore desperate to protect my crew by any means necessary . 
  the replies i have received in this post have shown me the error of my ways though . 
   if you have issues with crew deaths maybe train pain tolerance ? 
  i honestly think if may have more to do with my rather aggressive support playstyle . 
  i may have to dial it back a bit . 
  i spent far too long on the cromwell before advancing onto the comet , so the aggressiveness sorta stuck with me . 
  wargaming na 's youtube channel hit a subscriber milestone . 
  they had a video up about it recently . 
  what confuses me though is that the regular is is effectively an is-2 when fully upgraded . 
  it even says so when you 're unlocking the packages . 
   the exact same thing will happen here . 
  will ? 
  but we 're not having a referendum on eu membership or independence last time i checked . 
  oh right - my bad . 
  what 's that in smug anime girls ? 
   for progressive sane candidates, 
  who is to say that all young people approve of what passes for `` progressive '' these days ? 
  some people just want the roads fixed ... 
  unless you really want the tier viii-tier x autoloaders , the m7 line is pointless since the introduction of the t37/m41/t49 line . 
  the m41 is my go-to light tank and is the archetypal aggressive scout . 
  most do of course , but then again most young people do n't know what they really want so this becomes an exercise in futility . 
  the ideals of young people are rarely grounded in reality and their ideals often blind them as to what is best or practical for society as a whole in the long run . 
  the japanese grind is fine with the sole exception of the chi-ri . 
  also , the british grind can be very difficult if you do n't like the very specific playstyle that the comet and centurions require . 
  i would rather walk than travel with bus \u00c9ireann . 
  never on time , slow , and overpriced on urban routes . 
  to give credit where credit is due , iarnr\u00f3d \u00c9ireann offer a superior service . 
  it depends on the route . 
  also , i consider it worth the premium . 
  more space , usually on time , often faster . 
  heuston is pretty far out alright , but kent is only a 5 minute walk from the bus station ( and will be only about 3 minutes when the new entrance is built on the other side of the tracks ) . 
  irish rail are nowhere near as bad these days . 
  their timekeeping on the main lines at least is almost impeccable in my experience . 
  they have a host of other issues to address though ...
