  but if i had to take a stab at it from only my own personal perspective ( i 'd consider my bond defense to be far more objective ) based on the the dark knight trilogy alone , i think it comes down to bruce wayne 's attitude and physicality . 
  in terms of physicality , the dk triology is a lot more grounded in reality than much of the other batman media . 
  batman relies a lot more on raw physical strength than gadgets and fancy moves . 
  this is most evident in the dark knight rises in his fights with bane . 
  now , obviously you could make changes to the combat style to tailor this to the limitations of a female batman , but then it indicates that a woman simply could n't just be slotted into the role without substantive changes to how key scenes in the movie play out . 
  in terms of attitude , i personally have always found bruce wayne 's attitude to things and his way of doing things to be very masculine . 
  there 's just something about it whereby i could n't see a female lead , no matter how convincing , pulling it off with the same level of credibility . 
  as i said , i 'm having trouble articulating myself here so do n't be surprised if my argument is n't as strong as somebody else might be able to convey it . 
  as the venerable quote says : `` if you are not a liberal at 25 , you have no heart . 
  if you are not a conservative at 35 you have no brain '' . 
  some of the most educated people that have ever lived were conservatives . 
  i cut mine off because it was creating too much aerodynamic drag when i was running . 
  sometimes you want to review your dank meme collection as they print while taking a shit . 
  only the ones i personally approve . 
  please submit all applications in writing . 
  ivory coast flag in the bottom left picture ? 
  i see / r/ireland 's narrow-minded blind hate for israel 's existence is as strong as ever . 
  but that still does n't explain why they 're burning an israeli flag . 
  i never plan on being a father and i generally dislike children , but a lot of people on that subreddit have some deep-seated issues that extend beyond just not wanting kids . 
  if you knew your history though , you 'd know why the uk 's claim on the falklands is reasonable . 
  not like china 's `` historical '' claim on the south china sea . 
  that 's because huge portions of the population are still rural farmers . 
  how is donald trump comparable to a dictator ? 
  he has got to where he is in the campaign so far democratically and has shown zero indication that he plans to dismantle the democratic system . 
  you anti-trump types are worse than conspiracy theorists . 
   china fought the us in the korean war, 
  you should read up on how that actually panned out . 
  the chinese troops were horribly trained and equipped , and relied on sheer numbers for the most part to make the gains that they did ( that and the weather/landscape of north korea ) . 
  the korean war is * not * a testament to chinese military prowess . 
   not yet . 
  there 's no `` yet '' about it . 
  how in the name of god would trump establish himself as a dictator * if * he got elected ? 
   username, 
  i do n't mean to be racist , but your username is a dead giveaway of your bias . 
  china 's historical claim is bullshit . 
  also , nobody was living on the falklands when the british claimed them . 
  and during said occupation , nobody contested it . 
  it was only years later that argentina started getting pissy . 
  so it 's not comparable to the situation in the scs . 
  additionally , china has * never * had control over the vast majority of the areas it claims in the scs . 
  yes , but not thanks to chinese military prowess - that 's my point . 
  you could argue that the situation is different now , but it was certainly not the case in the 1950 's . 
  and ? 
  if i start speaking and acting like trump , does that make me a dictator too ? 
  hardly . 
  i would have to subvert the democratic process to become a dictator . 
   and your user name shows your bias as well, 
  really ? 
  because i 'm not british . 
  i 'm actually from a former british colony that fought long and hard for independence . 
   falklands is no difference, 
  it 's very different . 
  argentina 's claim has no historical grounds . 
  yes , well , they say a lot of things . 
  nope , because that would dismiss the uk 's reasonable historical claim . 
  well , it 's telling that what most people say agrees with the uk stance on the issue . 
  and subsequently subverted the democratic process . 
  it would be * impossible * to pull that off within the confines of the american political system - especially in the modern era . 
  germany was an entirely different kettle of fish during the inter-war period . 
  you idiots sure do love invoking godwin 's law . 
  do you have any idea how moronic it sounds ? 
   he says dumb stuff that gets the dumb voters ( do n't forget , he 's literally said that he `` loves the uneducated '' ) . 
  but are you genuinely claiming that all people who support trump are `` dumb '' and `` uneducated '' ? 
  because that 's one hell of a generalisation to make about a huge swathe of the american population . 
   the fbi saying you showed poor judgement once means you have poor judgement in general and are unfit for office . 
  if said poor judgement relates to carrying out one 's duties in office ( as was the case with hillary as secretary of state ) , then yes . 
   what i love about your argument is that you are not saying that trump wo n't try and become a dictator, 
  why bother ? 
  that much should be obvious , if only because it would be impossible . 
  people like you wo n't listen anyway . 
  you 're too entrenched in your delusional fantasies . 
  i fail to see how that article supports your arrogant point in any way . 
   he has made it very clear that he has no idea where the line is between what a president can do , and what one can not do . 
  i 'm sure he 'll find out very quickly * if * he gets elected . 
  you 're not listening to what i 'm saying , friendo . 
   but hitler changed the rules in order to further his own personal control over the institutions . 
  and do you really think trump would have the will or ability to do that ? 
  seriously now - put your own biases aside . 
  not to mention that the american safeguards in place to prevent against the rise of a dictator are far more robust than those in the weimar republic in the 1930 's . 
   so , while i agree that hitler/nazi comparisons are used far too often in political dialogue , this comparison is n't as absurd as you 're making it sound . 
  as somebody who has a strong interest in ww2 history , i was already well aware of what you have outlined . 
  but the comparison is absolutely absurd . 
  all biases aside , do you really think that trump would have the ability or desire to establish himself as a dictator ? 
  brian dobson . 
   popular amongst a cult-like population, 
  so was bernie sanders , and to a lesser extent , hillary clinton . 
   he has stated to be ready to use nuclear weapons and torture without any hint of moral doubt . 
  so he 's vocalising the stance most past us presidents have taken ? 
  none of what you 've said has indicated a desire to be a dictator - just president . 
   he irish flag is 1:2 ; the c\u00f4te d\u2019ivoire flag is 2:3, 
  forgive me , but i do n't follow . 
   but the reality is china like any great powers will not abide by the pca verdict . 
  i guess the concept of `` being the bigger man '' is absent in chinese culture . 
  thanks . 
   it has everything to do with national interests . 
  us , uk , russia etc understand this way too well . 
  yet even russia is a better global team player than china on the global stage today . 
  for example , china is the only country standing in the way of north korea being sanctioned into copping the fuck on . 
   china does n't want an us army base right at the foothold should the north would fall . 
  you 've been chewing on too much chinese propaganda if you think that 's the primary reason .
