  that plan would require completely ignoring how party politics work in ireland . 
  i 'm guessing you 're a teenage communist of some sort because i 've heard that exact speel so many times before and it 's almost always coming from some ill-informed teenager . 
  i fail to see how . 
  nor do i consider the other guy 's comment to be edgy - just ill-informed and naive . 
  but indulge me ; what do i say that you consider edgy ? 
   like , really funding for halting sites has been cut by 93 % in the past 7 years , how much more obvious does it need to be ? 
  er , why do we need to fund them at all ? 
   the rest of this thread makes me sick to my stomach . 
  because people have had multiple bad experiences with travellers and their general opinion of travellers is shaped by those interactions ? 
  it would be prejudiced to assume otherwise . 
  nope . 
  even if my distrust of travellers was unfounded , i still would n't be a racist because travellers are n't a race . 
  i eagerly await your next poorly informed reply . 
  i 'm very well educated , thank you . 
  it 's on the basis of this education that i 'm able to formulate replies that are more than `` random insult '' and `` i 'm not talking to you because you 're stupid '' . 
  but why in the form of halting site funding ? 
   and even then you 're not really covering yourself in glory by saying `` i may by prejudiced and bigoted towards this group for whatever reasons , but they 're not a race so it 's all good ! '', 
  close , but that 's not what i said . 
   it 's like saying `` oh yeah those muslims they 're all fucking raghead terrorists we should shoot them all and eliminate the religion '', 
  no it 's not . 
  i 'm not advocating violence against travellers , or even active discrimination . 
  i 'm merely justifying my mistrust of them , which as i 've explained many times on this subreddit , is very well founded . 
  they 're entitled to state funds sure ( many of them receive more than most in fact ) , but why in the form of halting sites ? 
  what are you smoking ?!, 
  michael d is fucking brilliant !, 
  what 's wrong with it ? 
  i did n't like mary robinson , but was a huge fan of mcaleese . 
  did you watch any of michael d 's state visit to the uk ? 
  we could n't have asked for better . 
  and he is a great orator . 
   many people despise the light that halsey was portrayed in with the kilo-5 books , and perhaps to an extent it went too far, 
  i think this criticism of the kilo-5 books is actually one of its strengths . 
  many of the characters who came to hate halsey in the books were basically given an info dump on her deeds , lacking in much of the context that we as fans of the series take for granted . 
  it highlighted how different an individual 's actions can be perceived by third party depending on who is supplying the information and whether that third party is familiar with the conditions that gave rise to those actions . 
  it is for this reason that the kilo-5 trilogy was very important for providing context for the behaviour of certain characters in htt and ultimately aspects of halo 5 . 
  now do n't get me wrong , halsey did a lot of morally objectionable things throughout her illustrious career . 
  however , not only does the good outweigh the bad , but her greatest `` sin '' - the spartan ii program - came from a dark period in humanity 's history . 
  terrorism and civil unrest on a scale we ca n't even imagine today . 
  the very real prospect of humanity 's empire falling into an interstellar civil war . 
  halsey 's project was machiavellian at its core ; the spartans were a means to an end , and those backing the project did n't care how halsey produced the super soldiers as long as they got the job done . 
  and as the pre-war evidence shows , the spartans were indeed turning the tide . 
  and when the spartans proved their true worth and became public knowledge during the human-covenant war , nobody questioned where they came from ( although admittedly oni helped suppress such questions ) . 
  people were just glad to have a glimmer of hope as we stood on the verge of extinction . 
  it was only when things settled down after the war that the questions started to come thick and fast . 
  and as is always the case , historical facts will be twisted to suit certain agendas ( as htt has so aptly depicted ) . 
  but it has been decades since the environment that gave birth to the spartan iis , and people have short memories . 
  many characters in the halo lore today were either kids or not even born when the human-covenant war kicked off , and get their information on the pre-war years second hand from biased sources . 
  but the minute things get hairy again - and i mean * really * hairy - people will cry for the spartan iis again . 
  but why human skulls behind the knight `` mask '' then ? 
   halsey 's most reprehensible crime , imo , is her abduction of kelly and her deception to drag the rest of blue team to onyx . 
  i agree . 
  it was a moment of irrationality from a normally very rational woman . 
  but it 's not like that crime went unnoticed - is n't that one of the main reasons she is frequently referred to as a war criminal in post halo 3 canon ? 
  considering that the origins of the spartan program are n't even common knowledge within the unsc . 
  lads , lets look at it this way : where would we be without her ? 
  well are n't you special ? 
  but he cooked fries and tendies - what more could you need ? 
   our bras, 
   our, 
   personally i ca n't wait to see gerry adams lead this country . 
  i always knew you were a bit on the dim side ... 
  that or a teenager . 
   he 's done more good for the country then any of the previous pricks . 
  go on . 
  why post bait ? 
  what does it achieve ? 
  shut down / r/ireland, 
  imagine all the free time we 'd have !, 
  not getting drawn into arguments on subjects i have little to no interest in would certainly free up a lot of my time . 
  you 're like a broken record , lad . 
  i do n't think i 'd like ireland without the bregrudgery . 
  i ca n't recall exactly , but i definitely see you making * a lot * of comments disparaging the church on / r/ireland . 
  and you 're perfectly entitled to that opinion , but you do go on about it quite a bit . 
  hey , what 's your problem ? 
  jaysus lad , it 's saturday - could you not find something better to do with your time ? 
  i only remember those who stand out - for better or for worse . 
  your hobby is baiting people with inflammatory comments apparently , so glass houses and all that . 
  but ... some of your views are incredibly liberal . 
  i wo n't argue with that - points for effort sure . 
  but what did i do to incur his wrath ? 
  no meat ? 
  then what 's the point ? 
   i just hate anime so much . 
  just out of curiosity , may i ask why ? 
  you 're practically dismissing an entire subset of media . 
  similar issue in escalation where the mc is reunited with blue team . 
  i know they 're spartans and everything , but they act like he had just gone to the bathroom for a moment . 
  so many many moments from halo escalation to choose from ... 
  black team 's unceremonious death is definitely up there . 
  but there are a huge variety of animation styles in anime . 
  you 've got me there . 
  still , it could have been executed better . 
  a qte is not a boss fight . 
  huge let down story-wise ( with a few exceptions once they reach the ark ) , but in terms of gameplay i considered a huge improvement over halo 2 . 
  escalation 's relationship with in-canon realism is distant at best . 
  say what you want about the fighter jets , but we badly need those modern naval vessels considering the size of our territorial waters . 
  a frigate with a helipad would be a great boon for both fishery patrols and search & rescue operations . 
  i would love the irish air force to have a few fighter jets , but you 're just spouting shite . 
   wasting millions on some phallic aircraft should sort that right out . 
  i think / u/m78 is insane , but that 's just a childish comment .
