  i did n't think it was possible for somebody to be this dense . 
   i do n't want to sound like a femenist but the whole thing with guys hitting on sinon and kirito ( why was he a girl anyways ) was sexist as fuck and it was kinda mocking the professional gaming scene . 
  how is that sexist ? 
  how ? 
  their aircraft carrier is shagged . 
  the conversation was occurring in the context of anime . 
  and were still making one hell of a generalisation regardless . 
  even the anime 's final few episodes were utter shite . 
  peaks at the xmas episode though . 
  it 's all downhill from there . 
  i guess somebody did n't watch it while it was airing . 
  i did , and the hype was real . 
  i 'm actually afraid to back and watch it again for fear that it might not be as good as i remember it . 
  i would agree with you there - soko would have a significant advantage in a defensive ground-war where they had time to organise ( which i would imagine they could do pretty quickly ) . 
  at the same time , i find the idea of china just sitting back and letting australia and soko duke it out on their territory to be rather hilarious . 
  he has n't uploaded anything to twitch in a while either . 
  there was one blazblue steam , but i think he deleted the past broadcast it because about 90 % was muted due to the music he was playing . 
   well my generalization seems to have come miraculously true several times just within this thread . 
  i 'm arguing with someone in an unrelated comment about the right for queer interpretations of anime to even exist right now . 
  simply because he does n't agree . 
  i mean ... would you say that fits the ` hell of a generalization ' ? 
  one aligning example does n't validate a generalisation . 
  it does n't even come close . 
  that 's stereotyping , and would put you in danger of being labeled a bigot ( as per the literal definition ) . 
   how about this , then : the guy i was responding to here ? 
  i literally made note to a friend of mine that for the first time in my life , a straight white guy on the anime subreddit acknowledged that most of the media in the world caters to him . 
  like ... without prodding or anything . 
  even just that one admission is so rare , i had to tell someone about it, 
  er , well done ? 
  i 'm not sure what you expect me to say about whatever subjective opinions you tell your friends about . 
  it just seems rather inane to me . 
   i do n't care about your inane opinion, 
  i never said that - please do n't try to cut off the conversation by accusing me of saying things that i did not . 
  i said that i considered what you told your friend to be inane , not your actual opinion on the topic we were discussing ( and by extension , the fact that you told me about it was pretty irrelevant too ) . 
   i have n't heard the word faggot in real life in about 4 years, 
  you 'll still see it a lot online though . 
  also , did facebook really complain about use of the word that much ? 
  like , at a high enough level to actually foster change ? 
  because i 'd be sorta skeptical of that . 
  i guess you 've never been to dublin . 
  what country has such shite netflix that irish netflix is a step up for them ? 
  huh , i have n't been on facebook myself in years . 
  had no idea it had become popular with 60-70 year olds . 
  it 's not used for the same purpose though . 
   fuck off all you stuck up meatheads, 
  what is this insult even supposed to mean ? 
   if he streams while playing music , he tends not to put it in his vod, 
  it was there for about 2 days before it was removed this time around . 
   just decent people who do n't insult everything before they 've watched it themselves, 
  implying i have n't tried before i critique . 
   s1 is enjoyed by people who are hachiman 's and ca n't / do n't want to connect with people , and they could self insert into hachiman . 
  i do n't necessarily see that as a criticism . 
   cuck is a not-so-subtle way of getting a racial jibe in with the other insult . 
  a lot of the racists on reddit have begun to use it because the implication of cuckold porn is that the inadequate white male 's wife is getting fucked by a black man . 
  uh , `` cuck '' is n't really a racist insult at all . 
  i think you 're misunderstanding the context in which it is used . 
  how ? 
  i do n't follow . 
   trusting the guardian as an authority on internet slang, 
  `` cuck '' was never a racist insult , and even if it ever was , it certainly was n't co-opted only recently . 
   is criticism ? 
  you 're generalizing and criticizing the people watching it , which i can do in reverse . 
  my criticism of the people who enjoyed s2 is a reflection of the quality of s2 itself . 
  that is to say , the melodrama in s2 was so ridiculously inane that it 's the sort of stuff i myself might have found compelling if i was still in highschool . 
  but i 'm not , hence i see it for what it really is . 
  also , my previous comment of `` i do n't necessarily see that as a criticism '' was in relation the fact that your supposedly negative critique was n't all that negative at all . 
   which context would that be ? 
  if you look up the definition of cuckold and everything that it implies , that should give you an idea what use of the term as an insult is meant to imply . 
  there are plenty of racist insults on the internet , but `` cuck '' ai n't one of them . 
   `` it 's never been racist and even if it is it 's been racist a long time . '', 
  sorry , for some reason i got it into my head that you were trying to say the term had only recently become racist even though i know you 've been saying the opposite since the start . 
  i stand by what i 've said though - the insult `` cuck '' is many things , but it certainly is n't a racist term . 
  also , i really would n't trust the guardian on something like that . 
  not only is the print media always notoriously out of touch with internet culture , but the guardian is among the most left wing news outlets around , so they 're likely to find undue offense in pretty much everything . 
   modern usage has tried to adopt the term in reference to something negative - *** usually implying that the text ( or in this case , the show ) uses shallow plot structures and ignores subtlety in order to make an emotional impact on its reader . 
  while i appreciate that you are 100 % correct in what you 've said , the use of melodrama in modern , non-academic discussion almost always aligns with that what i 've quoted from your comment above . 
  which is definitely something that negative connotations , and is a startingly accurate description of oregairu s2, 
  what triggered you so badly about that chart ? 
   according to one of his facebook posts he is working on a video to be released soon . 
  is that the angel 's egg one ? 
  because he 's been working on that for over a year now . 
  ... i think even reddit might be too triggering for somebody like you . 
  have you considered tumblr ? 
   the protesters and legitimate concerns about the safety and environmental impact of the original plan . 
  who can guarantee that * all * of them did/do ? 
  brilliant !, 
  i was afraid it was transdev that had relented when i saw the headline . 
  that `` article '' has been knocking around for years . 
  no idea where it originally came from , but i 've seen it being linked to everybody from sjws to the tory party . 
  it may have originally been used for some legitimate/ulterior purpose , but these days it 's just posted by the types of people who consider the internet to be `` srs bzns '' . 
  well , a neutral party at the very least ( there may be a pun there , i 'm not sure . 
  but if there is , it was n't intended ) . 
  i for one do n't trust biased surveys - i barely trust surveys in ideal conditions . 
  ... what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  sweden and switzerland do neutrality right . 
  ireland 's brand of neutrality only works in an ideal scenario . 
  so what exactly do you suggest we do ? 
  load up our aircraft carrier with our fighter jets and go bomb syria , hence disrupting the current cease-fire and peace talks ? 
  in terms of pharmaceuticals , we rely heavily on importing raw materials from abroad though . 
   defining your life by your meaningless achievements,
