  anybody able to help me out ? 
  i was streaming a youtube video via vlc yesterday and heard a song being used as background music that i quite liked the sound of . 
  unfortunately the uploader had given no details of the music used in the video , so i decided to go and find out myself . 
  i wanted to use one of those sites where you upload a mp3 file of the song and it identifies it for you , so i went to download the stream as a video file via vlc , and then convert it to an mp3 file in the usual way . 
  as i reopened the stream in vlc to do this , i noticed that in the `` open media '' dialogue box , under the `` network '' , instead of clicking on `` play '' you could also choose from `` enqueue '' , `` stream '' , and most interestingly `` convert '' . 
  clicking on convert , it brought me to the usual file type conversion window , and i assumed that this would allow me to bypass the step of downloading the video and instead download directly in mp3 format . 
  however , once i set it up to do this and started the download/conversion process , vlc player minimized and i did indeed get a mp3 file in the destination folder - but it contained no data . 
  has anybody any idea what i might be doing wrong ? 
  or is there perhaps an alternate way to achieve what i 'm trying to do on vlc player ? 
  i recently had a new roommate move into my apartment . 
  he 's a fairly decent guy , but he has one flaw that is driving me a bit mental ; he gets up at 5am or 6am every morning . 
  he does n't even start work until 9:30 like myself , but he says it 's a habit he developed due to growing up on a farm . 
  the problem is , i 'm quite a light sleeper and the sounds he makes getting up and moving around the apartment at that hour are waking me every single morning . 
  usually i do n't have to wake up until 8 to make it to work on time , so you can imagine what it 's like to be woken up 2-3 hours before you intend to every morning . 
  it 's playing havoc with my sleep cycle . 
  the thing is , i ca n't rightly ask him to stop getting up at that time , so i 've been looking to get some good quality ear plugs . 
  i 've tried some foam ones , but they are n't insulating enough . 
  does anybody know there a person living in cork city could get decent quality ear plugs that can be used while asleep ? 
  why are they so precocious and shit at acting ? 
  i know similar things could be said about a lot of the fair city actors in general , but the child/teen actors are some of the worst i 've ever seen on television . 
  now i do n't watch fair city because even amongst the soaps , it 's godawful tripe . 
  but the other day i left the tv on while i was cleaning the kitchen , and fair city came on . 
  within about 10 seconds of the opening credits ending there was some precious teenage girl spouting lines in a way no normal human child speaks . 
  it was unbearable , and the charade was even paper thin because you could see her actively waiting for her cues to speak . 
  it just had no semblance of being a natural conversation ( although i 'm well aware the same could be said for almost any conversation that takes place during an episode of fair city ) . 
  it was like watching a bad pantomine about life in dublin 's inner city . 
  this is n't an isolated incident either - any time i 've watched the show it 's the same thing . 
  and what makes it worse , a lot of the english soaps do n't have this problem ; even their child actors can perform in a way that makes them seem like a child instead of some media consultant 's interpretation of what a modern-day child sounds and acts like . 
  so yeah , that 's my mid-afternoon rant against irish child actors . 
  sorry for asking a tech question , but i 've tried before on the techsupport subreddits and they have n't been able to help me because they 're usually all americans . 
  anyway , i finally got home for christmas , which is great . 
  i brought my work laptop with me as i plan to stay here until after new year 's , so i was hoping to catch up on some paperwork i need to have done for when i get back . 
  this sort of work requires me to remotely access the company 's network via a vpn , so i need a stable internet connection . 
  the problem is , my youngest brother ( who is still in secondary school ) hogs the rather poor internet connection at my parents ' house virtually 24/7 . 
  he is an absolute cunt and neither myself or my other siblings get along with him . 
  unfortunately , my parents can do little to control him and seem resigned to let him do whatever he wants on the computer in exchange for peace and quiet . 
  however , this results in me not being able to access my company 's network because he is constantly watching videos and/or downloading stuff . 
  i was thinking of capping the bandwidth usage on the pc he uses ( which i can gain access to during the brief hours he is asleep ) , but i 'm not sure how to go about this . 
  would anybody have any experience in this department ? 
  any help would be greatly appreciated , because otherwise i 'm going to have to return to the big schmoke far earlier than planned , which would be a shame . 
  what defines the amount of time until your rank decays a battlemark ? 
  also , is progressing up the rank ladder the only way to prevent battlemark decay ? 
  finally , what will happen when the season ends tomorrow ? 
  do all ranks get reset ? 
  i have titanfall both on pc and xbox 360 because i move between two residences with great frequency . 
  ever since title update # 8 on the 360 , i 've been having textures drop out on me when there 's a lot of action on-screen . 
  this used to happen infrequently in the past , but now it 's happening far more often . 
  it most commonly occurs when i 'm boarding my titan - all the textures on the titan just vanish during the animation . 
  it almost always also occurs during the drop and evacuation animations and the start and end of matches . 
  i just think it 's a pity , because i used to remark how well titanfall ran on my 360 slim 250gb . 
  i hardly ever encountered the framerate drops that many people seemed to complain about . 
  has anybody else encountered this texturing issue ? 
  christ almighty , who wants to hear old biddies discuss 50 shades of grey , teenagers talking about when they first watched porn , and feminists arguing about whether being a porn star is empowering or not ? 
  i actually thought this programme might be insightful and give a unique perspective on the place of porn in irish society , but no - it 's just a run of the mill porn documentary . 
  also , the ridiculously foreboding tone of the whole show would be hilarious were this not the national broadcaster . 
  any particular reason i can no longer find this on the xbox store ( via my 360 ) and every time i try to download even the demo via my pc i get an error ? 
  ** edit : ** edited for clarity . 
  up until recently i used chrome as my main browser . 
  i had the extension blur ( formerly donottrackme ) equipped and it seemed to do its job well . 
  however , i am now using firefox as my default browser , and even though blur is available for firefox , i 'm curious as to whether it is the best choice for keeping my internet browsing relatively private . 
  especially since the most recent major update to blur was received quite negatively . 
  i 've been looking at disconnect.me and ghostery , both of which seem to have much of the same functionality as blur . 
  however , i ca n't determine which is actually more capable . 
  would anybody be able to advise me from a security/privacy standpoint which of the 3 programs mentioned might be the best to go with ? 
  bare in mind , he quite likely had no ai onboard and there were no other crew-members to be seen when the chief and the arbiter took control of the ship . 
  would this have been something within a gunnery sergeant 's capabilities ? 
  it 's stated that randall struck a deal oni after they realised that he was compromised and would be of no further use to the spartan programme . 
  part of this deal included oni `` reversing '' many of his spartan augmentations through an excruciating process in return for his release from service to the unsc . 
  i 'm just wondering how it is even possible to reverse spartan augmentations , especially ones a spartan has been living with for over 20 years ? 
  in the opening cinematic for spartan ops , hoya mentioned that there were too many covenant asylum seekers in rio while he was on leave there , some of which included elite apparently . 
  why would covenant races be seeking asylum on human worlds such as earth ? 
  i was just scanning the halo timeline there and i realised that the date that truth discovers earth 's location precedes the date that regret found the luminary and subsequently discovered earth . 
  this explains why truth was assembling a fleet at unyielding hierophant , but i ca n't find an explanation as to how he discovered this . 
  i 've always thought that under bungie 's tenure in particular , additional halo media such as books and comics had a habit of casually introducing spartan iis ( and then usually killing them off ) without much in the way of canon oversight . 
  this happened quite often , to the point where i 'm concerned that too many spartan iis supersoldiers ( i.e. 
  not ones like serin osman or musa ) have existed in the halo canon . 
  33 of the 75 kidnapped children successfully completed the spartan ii augmentation process . 
  here 's the list of 32 of those 33 who have been named in the canon :, 
  - james-005 - mia . 
  - jai-006 - status unknown , gray team ( out of contact as of 2551 ), 
  - li-008 - mia , presumed kia . 
  - naomi-010 - active, 
  - daisy-023 - confirmed kia . 
  - joshua-029 - mia , presumed kia . 
  - samuel-034 - confirmed kia . 
  - randall-037 - confirmed kia . 
  - douglas-042 - mia , last known location unsc spirit of fire . 
  - will-043 - confirmed kia . 
  - anton-044 - mia , presumed kia . 
  - kurt-051 - confirmed kia . 
  - jorge-052 - confirmed kia . 
  - linda-058 - active, 
  - malcolm-059 - confirmed kia . 
  - maria-062 - `` retired '' . 
  - sheila-065 - confirmed kia . 
  - solomon-069 - confirmed kia, 
  - arthur-079 - confirmed kia . 
  - kelly-087 - active, 
  - jerome-092 - mia , last known location unsc spirit of fire . 
  - grace-093 - confirmed kia .
