  promiscuity represents a complete lack of self control and personal responsibility , and personally i do n't think we should be supporting such people in society . 
   and it can be won . 
  hopefully not . 
  nope . 
  why should the state facilitate irresponsibility and the lack of self control ? 
  all i 'm saying is that i 'm opposed to abortion on demand . 
  it should n't just become another means of contraceptive . 
   i just ca n't believe how fucking dumb you cunts are . 
  nice . 
  nothing unreasonable about what i 'm saying though . 
  i fail to see how the things i said are unrelated . 
  only the irresponsible would use abortion as a means of contraceptive . 
  we could be . 
  but not in this case , no . 
  well , the angelus is only offensive to idiots , so it 's hardly surprising . 
  i 'm not apologetic for anything . 
  i 'm just not an oversensitive idiot who gets offended by a bell ringing and some people looking contemplative for less than a minute . 
  think about how stupid that makes people like you sound . 
  did i imply that op 's video was offensive ? 
  i saw that video years ago . 
  it was n't offensive then and it is n't offensive now . 
   being this blue-pilled, 
  not you again . 
  conservatives are the only thing standing the face of this retarded wave of left wing bullshit enveloping the western world . 
   who else will save us from the horrors of atheism , humanity , science and progress, 
  reddit typified . 
   you literally are on reddit , retard . 
  you are typing this on reddit . 
  you have a reddit account . 
  yeah . 
  and i really hate this place , but alas this website does admittedly have its uses if you ignore the retarded ideologies . 
   you engage me in arguments , and you always lose . 
  you get eviscerated , effortlessly on my side . 
  it continues , as we both see . 
  are you 10 years old ? 
  also , that has never happened . 
   humanity , atheism , science and progress are objectively good, 
  plenty of science and progress took place in conservative times . 
  just look at ww2 . 
  literally everything invented during ww2 - many of which had impacts far beyond their original military purposes . 
  look at radar for example . 
  nuclear energy . 
  jet engines . 
  liberals do n't have exclusive rights over science . 
  neither do you if you 'd say things like that . 
  you and your ignorance represent everything wrong with modern society , and in the long run i expect and hope that the inevitable mainstream conservative backlash against liberal bullshit gone too far will bring you and your ilk to your senses . 
  that depends on your definition of suffering . 
  apparently making abortions freely available regardless of circumstance makes women suffer , but nobody from the liberal side of things gives a shit about the life of the unborn child . 
  that is but one example of how liberals can be so blinkered . 
   conservatives want all fetuses to be born so that they can suffer as much as possible . 
  okay , you 're actually just retarded ( as if it was n't blatantly clear already ) . 
  y' know why you always think you 've `` won '' these discussions ? 
  because you come out with bullshit like that and i just lose all will to continue . 
   a fetus is not a child, 
  yes , it 's an unborn child . 
  i specified that in my original comment . 
  that 's all it is to me , yes . 
  but i know it 's more significant to the christians of this country , and i 'm not so selfish as to think my opinion is the only one that matters . 
   considering the grip religion has had on this country ( quite successfully bullying and choking the life out of it i might add ) , the angelus should not be aired on tv at the time it is . 
  i fail to see how changing the time would make any difference . 
   2am for example , would work well as it would compliment other forms of advertisements from businesses for products that people want ... like cheese graters , knives and other jml goods . 
  edgy . 
  / r/atheism calls to you . 
  hey , walls are great !, 
  i wo n't have you badmouthing walls . 
   feeling salty ? 
  why would i be ? 
  i 'm not a practicing catholic . 
   already subbed actually , but thanks for the link , 
  well , that says it all really . 
  i 've a longstanding policy of not engaging with people who frequent / r/atheism , and i 'm not about to end that now . 
  maybe he lives in a glass house ? 
  his walls would technically be windows then . 
  and if you actually read what trump said about not letting muslims into the us for a period of time , it 's not that extreme at all . 
  and in light of what 's starting to happen in germany , it will only give him all the more credence and support on the matter . 
  maybe he just wants to nuke the place ? 
  nukes negate the possibility of any entanglement . 
   also i agree , he would n't be assassinated . 
  ca n't stump the trump . 
  i think it 's more to do with the fact that average / r/ireland user is even less informed about american politics than they are about irish politics . 
  ** edit : ** i messed up . 
   make no mistake about it , he says the most hateful racist things . 
  other than one bit about the mexicans , what else has he said that 's racist ? 
  all i see quoted is that and other stuff taken out of context when people call trump a racist . 
   here are politicians who actually want to run the country in a beneficial way, 
  that depends on your definition of `` beneficial '' . 
  why is a political ideology only ever described as beneficial on / r/ireland and reddit in general when it 's left wing ? 
   it 's not really very funny to be racist and sexist . 
  ah , he 's not * that * sexist . 
  ad hominems only degrade the discussion . 
  why do n't you tell us ? 
  because you 're obviously so obsessed with socialism that you fel the need to post / u/mremeralddragon 's comment to / r/socialism so you could all sit around laughing at him . 
  also , you ended your post title with '' ... lol '' , which is a sure sign of an underage moron . 
  but the key point is that trump 's socialist policies do n't appear socialist to the average republican or on-the-fence voter . 
  they 're so well marketed and spread out * just * enough , that the only people getting pissed off about them are the party elite and republican political commentators . 
   fine , but it 's been widely empirically proven that racism is incorrect . 
  how do your prove something like that empirically ? 
   his presidency would be ruinous for the us unless he 's actually been completely lying about his intentions in office . 
  name a presidency since the clinton administration that * has n't * been ruinous for the us in one way or another . 
  same goes for the current crop of candidates too .
