  now there 's no generic armor everyone wears because it 's the `` toughest to unlock '' , everyone just wears the one they think is cooler . 
  this is true . 
  but due to the fact that 343i carried over their * questionable * armor design from halo 4 , even when i do unlock armor it 's rarely anything i 'd consider using . 
   not only that , but the excitement before opening a new pack just makes me all giddy inside . 
  for me it 's just a feeling of preemptive disappointment at this stage . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i 'm not seeing what point you 're trying to make . 
  might wan na read up a bit on anonymous before you take things like that at face value . 
   unironically using virgin insults, 
   playing levels on legendary to unlock armours does not translate to skill in competitive play at all . 
  and ? 
  at least you were actually doing something that was a challenge ( depending on your skill level ) with a known reward . 
  still better than pure chance . 
   having armour and emblems unlockabe through progress ( which simply comes from playing the game ) is n't 343i 's idea , it was the exact same thing in reach . 
  except that now people have the option to bypass playing and pay instead , if they want . 
  you had the freedom to exercise choice in reach - you do n't in halo 5 . 
   do you perhaps have an even better solution ? 
  2 is the optimal solution , but is flawed in its implementation because 343i is restricting our access to something we had control over in the past ( i.e. 
  armor and emblems - well , in halo 4 your access to emblems was restricted too , which strangely i recall people bitching about a lot ) . 
  wow , you really are good at debating , are n't you ? 
  you make such expansive and detailed points ... 
  and you can ? 
  christ , why am i taking this bait ? 
  i 'm going to bed . 
  i do n't believe i ever specified * mutliplayer * skill . 
  as i said , you gave me very little to go on . 
  i highly doubt that . 
   but it is offset by the fact that req points just flow in so damn fast . 
  i 've found that only to be the case if you play warzone . 
  req point acquisition seems to be noticeably slower in other gametypes . 
  and that just proves my point ... 
   and the status quo works quite well, 
  for now . 
  why should that be seen as an insult ? 
  would you use `` go back to / r/feminism '' as an insult ? 
   to know that it 's a shithole where beta males go to engage in gender wars . 
  did you just unironically use the term `` beta male '' as an insult ? 
  nah , it just says a lot about you that you 'd use such terminology as an insult . 
   trains look nicer than motorways . 
  not relevant . 
   but the throwing of the elderly into care homes instead of having relatives look after them needs to be nipped in the bud . 
  i thought we were talking about trains ? 
   yes relevant . 
  i want to live in a green country , not a grey one . 
  aesthetics very are important to many people . 
  paint the roads green then . 
   i was talking about how private motoring has driven huge gaps between people who would have historically been close for their entire lives . 
  and trains would n't ? 
  if it was n't for my car and the extensive road network , i would n't be able to visit my parents and grandparents half as much as i do . 
  yeah , i have no interest in living in your backwards communist autocracy . 
   and where did autocracy come in to this ? 
  look into belarus some time . 
   like belarus makes tractors , or america makes tanks . 
  that 's a very * strange * juxtaposition . 
   all will get better trust me, 
  and you know this how exactly ? 
  yeah , because it 's just * that * easy ... 
  reeeeeee etc. 
   there 's so much i need to tell him . 
  such as ? 
   a week before my bday i let my friends know what i want to do . 
  you 're entitled as fuck . 
   but i lulled regardless at your comment . 
  you what ? 
   but i lulled regardless at your comment . 
  what does this sentence mean ? 
  the verb `` to lull '' makes no sense in that context . 
  this better not be some new retarded millennial slang ... 
  been there , done that , ostracized by everybody . 
  i 'm not popular , so a good start would to not be me . 
  nah , i 'd just wager that you 're some teenager using the retarded buzzwords that you guys seem to be obsessed with . 
   boxes of cadbury roses, 
  have you seen them lately ? 
  they 're a waste of space . 
  that operates under the assumption that the youth know better than everybody else . 
  we get one of these posts about once a fortnight - you obviously were n't looking very hard . 
  first world then . 
  quit moaning about people moaning . 
   if i were to ask you what you hate about yourself or your life , what would be the first thing you think of ? 
  pretty much everything . 
  like , i 'm grateful for what i have , but none of it makes me happy . 
  i could have sworn they were far more frequent than that . 
  maybe people just titled them differently . 
  it 's always the same answers though , each and every time . 
  jesus christ , he 's looking well for his age . 
   socially speaking they mostly do . 
  my experience with the youth of ireland implies otherwise . 
  they tend to be very idealistic with little regard for the practicalities of things . 
   nationalistic pole, 
  stop that - it 's not proper . 
  yes , but this goes back to my original point regarding whether their ideals are better than those of any other demographic . 
  i dunno , he looks like he has had some work done . 
  i really liked blacklist , but i will admit that it was n't as stealth-focused as chaos theory . 
  too much freedom to go in all guns blazing and still do well . 
  that said , i loved blacklist multiplayer and wish more people had played it . 
  do you really think the average parish priest serving a parish today played a role in covering up sexual abuse ? 
  most who did are either retired , dead , or serving in higher positions . 
  then no . 
  i would n't even know how to go about acquiring illegal drugs , not that i 'd have the money for or interest in them anyway . 
  elements of / r/ireland are * very * pro-drugs .
