  yeah , 55 % is * very * high for that demographic . 
  looks like the yes campaign wo n't be happy with anything short of a 100 % turnout . 
  is n't 55 % quite high for that demographic ? 
  i think you might be underestimating how many young no voters there are out there . 
  i 'm in my late 20 's and i know quite a few . 
  anecdotal evidence , sure . 
  but it goes to show that they do exist . 
  i imagine that there are more than a handful of people who would n't tell a soul that they 're voting no , and may even say that they 're voting yes until they get inside the voting booth . 
  i guess you do n't have a huge amount of experience with rural ireland or colleges outside of dublin , eh ? 
  i always used to run out of ammo in awkward places and get cornered by brute chieftains with shields . 
  but this sort of content should n't be welcomed in / r/ireland . 
  the subreddit used to take a strong stance against image macros and memes . 
   when it comes down to it putting it to the people in a referendum was a political decision in keeping with our long history of shoe horning thorny social issues into the constitution and putting the decision off on the people rather than dealing with them legislatively . 
  and this is bad how exactly ? 
  letting the people decide could n't be more democratic . 
  i 'm quoting the official story so far . 
  your suggestion is pure conjecture . 
   if our constitution does n't allow equal rights for all citizens then it is a shoddy and immoral constitution and needs to be completely rewritten if not abandoned altogether . 
  in case you have n't noticed , our constitution dates back to 1937 . 
  editing a constitution is far easier than rewriting it wholesale . 
  these are fundamental legalities that take precedence over your social justice ideals . 
   i have yet to hear of a dubliner vote no . 
  im sure there is some , but not many . 
  many prominent members of the no campaign are from dublin . 
  i bet you would n't be saying that if the marriage equality referendum went the no way but the government held the referendum again with some minor changes . 
  double standards ? 
  that would result in one hell of a legal grey area that could be overturned by future governments . 
  as much as i like to blame dev for things myself , when bunreacht na heireann was drafted in 1937 , the world - not just ireland - was a very different place . 
  you just have to accept that . 
  was n't there some special reason for how she was able to achieve that though ? 
  yeah , but from a non-native perspective , the level of devotion attached to pacquiao is a bit insane . 
   being this naive, 
  leftie detected . 
   europe tried the multicultural experiment before . 
  it was called colonialism . 
  it blows my mind that you can in one breath denounce brown and black people living in europe but not acknowledge the fact that white europeans moved to and exploited other countries for centuries . 
  to be fair , there were was a stark difference between colonialism and modern immigration into europe . 
  colonialism was done by military might . 
  these days european is lying down like a doormat and letting virtually * anybody * walk all over it . 
  also , are you implying that the immigration problem europe now has is somehow `` punishment '' for colonialism ? 
  he did nothing to disprove the facts provided though . 
  is that what it takes to be a reasonable human being these days ? 
  i think i 'd prefer to have the reaction folder . 
  most 14 year olds know that women have periods . 
   it 's not like constitutions have n't been thrown out before . 
  yes , but it 's a very big deal when it is so it 's rarely done ( unless you 're france ) . 
  editing it works just fine unless you 're somebody who demands that everything be socially perfect from day 1 . 
  be realistic here . 
   this constitution has cost people their lives . 
  the abortion referendum allowed people to vote on something they never had a right to be voting on and it has led to the deaths of many women . 
  says who ? 
   this country and its people . 
  what 's wrong with the people ? 
  they 're only exercising their right to vote . 
  not direct quotes obviously . 
  maybe `` referencing '' or `` taking from '' would be a better word/term . 
  happy ? 
  kalmiya was a dumb ai ? 
  i think it 's a bit of both honestly . 
  i can feel your self-righteousness from here . 
  ah , sure it 'll be fine . 
  for some reason i got the impression that deon may in fact have been a smart ai . 
  it would be very difficult for an actor to sound as convincing as ben claims he was . 
  but for a smart ai , acting like they truly believe something should be a walk in the park . 
  anyway , great episode once again . 
  oni 's ( seemingly poorly constructed ) cover story is continues to fall apart. , and ben becomes more and more like a tinfoil hat wearing conspiracy theorist with every passing episode . 
  if oni does n't assassinate him , they will definitely use the latter development to their advantage ; `` ah he 's just a crazy conspiracy theorist - ignore him '' . 
  is anybody else surprised at how poorly researched oni 's lies appear to be though ? 
  surely a conspiracy of this magnitude should be bombproof ? 
  even though i stand by my theory that ben was originally hired to `` field test '' the cover stories , i would have thought oni would have been a bit more careful in covering their tracks . 
   brings us back to an earlier clue . 
  which clue was that ? 
   i wonder who else it could be ? 
  off the top of my head , i ca n't think of any other established female characters in the halo lore that fit the bill . 
  either it 's a brand new character or it 's halsey . 
  and i think every halo fan will have a stroke if we hear halsey 's deliciously caustic voice next week . 
  what do you mean exactly ? 
  shit 's getting real , yo . 
  or to put it more eloquently ; intriguing . 
  that does n't seem like a particularly solid strategy . 
  if the enough people come across the same contradictions in the official story , there will come a point ( pretty quickly ) when referencing ben just wo n't cut it . 
  huh , i 'm actually not sure about that . 
  maybe somebody else can verify it - i 'm on mobile at the moment . 
  i do n't think i 'm on board with your theory if i 'm honest . 
  having a bombproof cover story ( which oni could easily construct ) would be far more effective than having a poorly researched one and then using some `` crackpot journalist '' as your scapegoat every time somebody pokes a hole in the conspiracy . 
  still a bit confused as to why he bothered revealing his presence though . 
  when i visited the page , ireland seemed be occupying some sort of legal grey area . 
  i could n't determine whether we 're allowed participate in the competition or not . 
   she did know who he was in 04, 
  mashak was mentioned in escalation 04 ? 
  wow . 
  these beta greentexts rarely phase me , but if there 's even a shred of truth to this one then i 'm genuinely unnerved . 
  oh , right , sorry . 
  misunderstood . 
  if you think you can truly change this world for the better , you 're following the same path millions have embarked on but of whom only a handful have ever succeeded in completing . 
  the vast majority of us will die without achieving anything of historical merit and will be forgotten within a generation or two . 
  from my perspective at least , the statistical chance of genuinely changing the world for the better is minuscule . 
   not having religion, 
  i dunno guys , the stereotypical rose of tralee contestant as described in that article sounds pretty fine to me . 
   implying anybody here has,
