  so if a hijacked airliner was crossing irish air space to attack a target in northern ireland or britain , you would not only wave it on through but prevent raf jets from intercepting it in our air space ? 
  your agenda is more obvious than others though . 
  you explicitly said that we should `` be prepared '' in a previous comment , yet you 're stonewalling every method of preparedness short of the ridiculous idea of a foreign power funding our air corps . 
  as nice as that would be , we do n't even need eurofighters ( they 're too expensive anyway ) . 
  we just need jets capable of intercepting a commercial airliner or russian bomber when the need arises . 
  or we can just let the raf continue doing what they 're doing . 
  more or less the same result either way , except one costs us money - and the irish public * hates * spending any money on the defense forces . 
   i would hope we would try to make visual contact and try to report it 's location if it 's on our radar . 
  i have told you already that we have nothing that could be scrambled to acquire visual contact . 
   yes . 
  a foreign military should not kill people in ireland . 
  if a foreign military entered our airspace with the goal of killing people ,, 
  yet you 'll let terrorists who have the exact same goal fly through our airspace without issue ? 
   i 'd be disappointed we do n't have the means to shoot them out of the sky . 
  oh the fucking irony !, 
   joining isis would be a good way to prevent attacks from isis but i do n't want us to do that either . 
  would you ever fuck off with your bullshit ? 
   we should be prepared to talk to the hijacker, 
  pointless if it was an isis attack . 
  during 9/11 , the islamic terrorists cut almost all communication with the ground because they had no need for it . 
   maybe we should improve our air corp if we can do it at a low cost, 
  and what exactly would you suggest , considering your * obvious * wealth of knowledge when it comes to air defense ? 
   we should try our best to stop them ourselves . 
  unfortunately we would likely fail . 
  if we do n't have the means to stop them , trying would be pointless . 
   i 'm perfectly ok with the irish army killing foreign military with hostile intentions , while on irish soil . 
  for the umpteenth time ; the irish air corps do no have the capability to handle this type of threat , hence consensually handing responsibility to our neighbour is the next best thing . 
  look , unless you cop on , i 'm going stop replying to you now . 
  you 're clearly an idealist who knows nothing about military defense or terrorism prevention , and you refuse to listen to reason regardless of how many times i explain it to you in the most basic of terms . 
  it was widely reported at the time that irish atc and the air corps lacked the type of radar required to detect a tu-95 with the transponder and such switched off . 
   i feel a foreign military should n't kill people in ireland, 
  even over irish waters where there 's no risk to irish people ? 
  the raf would attempt to shoot down the threat ( if at all possible ) over the sea . 
  nobody wants to risk casualties on the ground . 
  if you oppose even this , you 're letting your feelings get in the way of the practicalities . 
   i said i would be disappointed that we do n't . 
  but you oppose increasing funding to acquire the means of doing so . 
  i just can not wrap my head around your logic , so i agree that it 's best if we leave it there . 
  til . 
  thanks for the info . 
  sounds like the air corps are desperate for funding . 
  i agree - it just ends up being a waste of money . 
  they are pretty cool alright . 
  the thing is though , they used to have jets . 
  bit mean to take them away and make them fly turboprops instead . 
  it 's not the russians that are the primary concern though . 
  anybody with an iota of common sense knows that . 
  it 's a potential hijacked airliner with malicious intent that would be the concern . 
  sexy jets too . 
  there are many worse places than clonmel in county tipperary alone . 
  and enter stage left , the finest bullying material ever to grace the screens of anime ; azusa !, 
  the pilatus models we have are indeed trainer aircraft . 
  but they are n't used exclusively as trainers by the air corps - why else would they arm them ? 
  i think our air corps in the only air force in the world that has armed them as cas aircraft . 
   my partner does it . 
  it 's definitely not a job where you get weekends off anymore, 
  teachers do n't get weekends off any more ? 
  i was an irish child once . 
  we 're not very productive . 
  i 've always liked `` fampai '' . 
  ireland is shit at developing its infrastructure - this is the oldest news story in the history of the state . 
   we do need to be able to assert our neutrality, 
  except unlike sweden and switzerland ( not sure about austria ) we 're not officially neutral . 
   there 's a crapload of weapons, 
  where ? 
   and i guaruntee with the motivation of invasion on home soil and an ideological mandate from the irish people , they could make things unsustainably difficult for any power attempting to hold ireland, 
  i 'd be skeptical of that in this day and age . 
  yeah . 
  but they 'll sell to pretty much anybody they legally can - much like the french . 
  so it 's not like they 're taking sides . 
   the current plans for the air corps will hopefully increase their utility, 
  not according to the most recent defense white paper . 
   and their recent overseas mission to malta was considered a success by all . 
  even though it was utterly pointless ? 
   according to the most recent white paper they will be getting new aircraft, 
  but the pilatus turboprops wo n't be replaced for a few years yet and when they are it will be with similar aircraft . 
   i resent the fact that you 'd write off a training mission as `` utterly pointless '' . 
  it 's an important step for the air corps and furthers the maltese-irish cooperation . 
  for what purpose though ? 
  the purpose of military training to prepare for a potential combat scenario , regardless of how unlikely that may me . 
  this makes sense for our army and navy as they have combat potential and need to be able to operate with foreign powers should the need arise . 
  our air corps would be utterly useless in almost any combat scenario simply due to a lack of useful equipment . 
   as well as that they completed their mission of training the maltese airmen . 
  had that been the sole aim of the training mission , * then * you could consider the mission a success . 
   for starters , we have civil defense caches all over the country , garda armouries , and large numbers of licensed firearms . 
  with the exception of the garda weaponry , most of these weapons would be archaic . 
   i think you 'd find pretty quickly the country would revert to the collinsesque model of guerrilla warfare and targeted attacks . 
  you need numbers and civilian cooperation for that to work though , and my point was that i ca n't see the majority of the modern irish population being supportive of any sort of warfare - even if it was on their own doorstep . 
   then there 's our army itself , and it 's veterans , who are among the best trained in the world , and have served in some of the world 's most contentious territories, 
  small in numbers though and lacking in a lot of modern equipment . 
  to be fair , you could support the loi all you want , but that would n't change the fact that the fai is hilariously inept and self-serving . 
   i 'm a close friend of jd 's, 
  ah , now i understand all your comments here today . 
   i think you underestimate the latent thread of nationalism in most irish people . 
  i think you 're overestimating it . 
   enough to do damage and cause problems for the invaders . 
  hell , we practically invented the jury-rigged explosive . 
  we 'd make do , like we always did , and this time you 'd anticipate some supply line from the uk ( assuming they are n't the ones invading ) . 
  i admire your optimism , but modern militaries have learned a lot from the likes of afghanistan and are significantly better now than they were 20 years ago at combating insurgencies . 
  also , you 're underestimating the edge that modern military equipment gives .
