  all the universities really care about is your grades . 
  permanent records do n't carry beyond highschool . 
  you get a clean state to start college life . 
   yes it 's not democratic , but it 's about treating every human being the same . 
  screw ` democracy ' in this case, 
  making exceptions to the democratic process is a slippery slope . 
  if a person influenced by campaign posters in the first place , i highly doubt that they 're going to be a bastion of informed thought . 
  well , personally speaking i 'm not voting because i do n't have any particular interest in either side of the debate . 
  i 'm not too pushed either way what the result is . 
  let the people who care decide . 
  that makes no sense at all . 
  nice try americlap . 
  not to the same degree . 
  if people are well informed , they 'll know the falsehoods that the no campaigners perpetuate . 
  but people here are talking about messing with the democratic process . 
  unquantifiably shit taste detected . 
   canned water, 
  is that even a thing ? 
  so , instead of saying i should have an opinion on the matter , you 're implying i should have the opinion of the yes campaign . 
  this has to be some / a / - level trolling . 
  better question : why are they inherently worthy of respect ? 
  i do n't plan on having kids , and i already have gay friends . 
  they 're not the type to hinge our friendship on how i vote though . 
  nah man , fefe is just a fad . 
  smug anime faces have a proven track record in terms of staying power . 
  not as artisan as pepes since they 're commercially made in japan , but there 's great variety and a constant stream throughout the year . 
  you wo n't see meteoric prices rises , but you 'll make a tidy profit since they rarely lose value . 
  oooh , that would have been worth a fortune a month ago . 
  yeah , it 's tahu . 
  imagine its worth if it had been posted a month ago . 
  it makes a great retirement fund . 
  some say that 's the reason pepes are still being produced ( albeit in lower numbers ) despite the market crash . 
  some artisans were able to fall back on their smugposting investments to get them through this rough patch until the next hot meme arrives on the scene . 
  yeah , but we could solve this problem at no cost at all to the taxpayer if people were just a bit more careful about the manner in which they had sex . 
  i do n't exactly feel comfortable having my taxes pay for other people 's irresponsibility , regardless of whether it 's for the morning after pill or raising an unplanned child . 
  obviously one is far more expensive than the other , but it 's the principle . 
  i really did n't need to hear that coming from mary harney of all people . 
  i 'm not saying that it does n't provide real tangible benefits . 
  but we 'd get the exact same benefits if people just had a bit more personal responsibility when it comes to having protected sex . 
  that 's all i 'm saying . 
  look , i 'm not going to sit here and make excuses for people not having a bit of cop on when it comes to sex . 
  you 're free to do so though . 
  well , more personal responsibility when it comes to sex would be the preferred solution , but i 'm well aware that ai n't going happen . 
  you 're forgetting the wealth of anime fan artists out there though . 
  their work is rarer but keeps the market healthy from a speculator 's perspective . 
  either blame yourself or blame the normies . 
  preferably both . 
  while we should have seen the market crash coming , i do n't think anybody could have predicted how quickly pepe would spread when he first started appearing in the normie market . 
  normies adopting memes slowly over time is common enough for us all to be aware of it . 
  but the meteoric rise of pepe 's fame in the normie markets was unprecedented . 
  that 's why the crash was worse than anything we 've seen before . 
  smugposting does n't experience the highs and lows of other meme markets . 
  it 's very consistent , only being affected by the types of anime released every season and to a lesser degree the activity of fanartists . 
  you wo n't get rich on smugposting , but you can make a comfortable living . 
  tell me mary though , why are sluts beneficial for the world ? 
  humanity is n't ready yet . 
   you 've never enjoyed the company of someone who is sexually liberated ? 
  so sluts = sexually liberated ? 
  well , i ca n't say that i 'm an expert on sluts and related nomenclature , mary . 
  so i 'll have to take your word on that . 
  is this for suicide squad or the batman v superman movie ? 
  ** edit : ** typo . 
  which will win out ? 
  my belief that there are no women on 4chan or my belief that women really are that disgusting . 
  sorry for having principles . 
  what would you call them ? 
  well , it 's not * entirely * inaccurate i suppose . 
  eh , it had been a long day when i made that comment . 
   4chan has a lot of cops on it , surprisingly enough . 
  i thought that was only true on a couple of boards . 
  maybe if they had homemade napalm rounds . 
  things start to go south , burn everything . 
   can someone be braver than me and forward this to the police ? 
   implying it has n't already been done, 
  also , if this is your first time seeing something like this from 4chan , you must be little more than a child . 
  what do you expect ? 
  ( a ) this is / r/4chan , and ( b ) this thread is probably on / r/all by now . 
   the one that hates black people, 
  you 're gon na have to be more specific there . 
   are you also going to deny std care to people who were ` stupid ' ? 
  do i have to pay for it ? 
  because that was the crux of my original comment . 
  and what if the way they act is irresponsible ? 
  well , i 'm only a regular on 2 or so boards , so i 'm hardly one to give an expert opinion . 
   starting with people who say stupid things on the internet . 
  man , that 's a lot of / r/ireland being rounded up and shot . 
  / a / is fast paced too , but there 's nothing really to monitor there . 
   and i guarantee that a full assessment of your lifetime health will show that your own irresponsibility in some area or other will end up costing the rest of us much more than any number of map doses . 
  i dunno , i 'm a pretty responsible person when it comes to my health . 
  i rarely drink , do n't do drugs , eat healthily , exercise whenever i have the chance , etc. 
  i like to think any health issues i have in the future wo n't be attributed to my own irresponsibility . 
  also , i have private health insurance . 
  we think even less of you . 
  so , i imagine a lot of people in serbia drive illegally ? 
   not about the `` nigger killing '' part . 
  why would / r/4chan be seriously discussing that ? 
  and i wan na see them * towering * above the spartan ivs like the chief did in the halo 4 epilogue . 
  well , if the way they killed off black team in the escalation is anything to go by , 343i do n't seem to have too much interest in keeping non-plot essential spartan iis alive . 
  huh , she still has that really odd helmet i see . 
   but in escalation,
