  hence why their armor looks so wild in comparison to everyone else 's . 
  good theory . 
  we 've seen from his armor trailer alone that locke 's mjolnir is a step above what the average spartan iv gets . 
   the lack of an obvious bulge and the curvature of the back . 
  damn , now that you mention it i ca n't help but notice it . 
  the waist also appears to be smaller than it would be for a male spartan . 
  i honestly ca n't remember . 
  why do people listen to `` experts '' who spout such rubbish ? 
  2deep4me . 
  this comment is so edgy it 's off the charts . 
  let 's not be pedantic . 
   at the same time we could get some sweet toys / funding from nato . 
  yeah , but we 'd ( a ) have to significantly increase our military expenditure , and ( b ) if one of the other nato nations was attacks , we 'd be forced to retaliate . 
  that 's terrifying . 
  was he post or pre-augmentation though ? 
  343i are already over the original 33 successfully augmented spartan iis figure though . 
  that makes sense and was what i initially thought myself , but according to halopedia those two spartans from halo legends were supposedly post-augmentation . 
  thing is , i ca n't dig up a source on that , so i 'm inclined to agree with / u/brickplacer . 
  i 'm so confused . 
  i just want to know if spartan iis think about shagging occasionally . 
  is that too much to ask ? 
  [ nucular - it 's pronounced nucular . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ooaszyihalc ), 
   would you slap a stranger on the street for acting out ? 
  that 's fucking assault, 
  i do n't have guardianship or responsibility for strangers on the street . 
  * great * , just when i thought a canon inconsistency might have been resolved ... 
  broadly speaking , [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/halostory/comments/345w5p/do_we_have_two_many_spartan_iis_in_the_canon/ ) inconsistency . 
  huh , til . 
  does that not weaken the protection that the treaty supposedly provides though ? 
  only calling it as it is . 
  what the hell is this comment ? 
  please do n't bring this tripe into / r/halostory . 
  nobody wants it . 
  a lot . 
  i would n't say that 's true . 
  mass effect for example did n't really start doing it until me3 . 
  and even then it was only with a few characters . 
  that depends on your perspective . 
   was hard to be around him towards the end, 
  why ? 
  what is there to appreciate though ? 
   stop moaning as if women are the problem here . 
   implying they 're not, 
  that sounds like a lot of effort . 
  lets just say that girls shallow and call it a day . 
   japan, 
   accepting african immigrants, 
  ha , that will * never * happen . 
   i resent the treatment that the language gets from the vocal minority of fucking cunts who either do n't care , think it useless , or want it to die because they had a bad time learning it in school . 
  i do n't think it 's a minority to be fair . 
  and even if it is , it 's a sizable minority . 
   nigerians in japan form a small community of around five thousand people . 
  yeah , `` boatloads '' alright . 
  japan has some of the tightest immigration controls in the world . 
  frankly i 'm surprised that many nigerians got in there at all . 
  i ca n't understand how they are getting residency in japan though . 
  having considered moving there before ( the multinational i work for has a branch there ) , i 'm familiar with the incredibly restrictive details of japanese immigration laws . 
   ah most people are at least sympathetic to the language . 
  i 'd be skeptical as to how true that is . 
  also , is somebody a cunt just because they dislike irish and see no value in preserving it ? 
  not that i 'm aware of . 
  which is really awkward , because the ip addresses it uses are flagged on sites such as 4chan and you ca n't post from them . 
  that 's awkward if you have something like the bbc world news stream open in one tab ( requires something like zenmate to work outside the uk ) and 4chan open in another . 
   but we are n't a poor country by any means , the money is there . 
  it could be argued that said money could be spent better elsewhere . 
  getting a driving licence can be very difficult and expensive in some european countries . 
  why ? 
  unfounded stereotypes about 4chan users ? 
  i did - many years ago . 
   but there is no reason the irish could not be bilingual like most people in the world . 
  most people are bilingual out of necessity . 
  irish people do n't tend to have that necessity . 
  it 's almost like i 'm actually on facebook !, 
   oni demoted him for a reason . 
  oni never liked nor trusted him , period . 
  ah , with a plot like this 343i could n't afford to waste a character that is already universally loathed by almost the entire halo fanbase for his attitude towards the mc . 
  `` what 's wrong with these people ? '', 
  `` they 're evil '' . 
  close ray , but even evil people have their reasons . 
  i 'm speculating that the gag order has been issued because the ueg/oni would rather throw the chief and the elites under the bus than the populace at large realizing that another form of extremist insurrection is on the rise . 
  that 's how afraid they are of another insurrection , especially one based around xenophobia . 
  something like that could gain momentum at an unprecedented pace in the aftermath of the human-covenant war . 
  i 'd wager that oni considers the likes of sapient sunrise to be - at the very least - an equal threat to earth and her colonies as that of the covenant remnants . 
  ironically though , this is probably exactly what ss want though : discredit the chief ( and the spartan iis in general ) and cultivate more fear of the sangheili . 
   if she knew about what happened on biko why did she leave out everything that ray found out ? 
  my theory is that she wants to breed further hatred of the sangheili and take the spartan iis out of the equation at the same time . 
  unlike the spartan ivs , it 's impossible to infiltrate the ranks of the spartan iis . 
  they are the greatest weapon in the ueg 's arsenal and could be easily used against sapient sunrise just like they were deployed against the insurrectionists of old . 
  so despite obvious respect for the mc and what he did for humanity , fero needs him gone . 
  and the only way to do that is to discredit him to the point where the ueg and oni view him ( and the spartan iis in general ) as a liability . 
  fortunately for her , the chief turned up and foiled one of her plans in a manner that could easily be twisted to portray him in a * very * negative light . 
  by putting the gag order in place , the ueg/oni ( one or both ) is effectively portraying the fero leak as the truth . 
  by doing so , they are allowing fero to discredit the chief and the elites . 
  if that 's not throwing them under the bus , i do n't know what is . 
   it seems like it 's the innies taking advantage of all this . 
  well that much should be obvious since it was all fero 's doing . 
   the thing i am not getting is why does del rio and sapien sunrise want to get rid of the spartan-iis ? 
  ss wants to breed further hatred of the sangheili and take the spartan iis out of the equation at the same time . 
  unlike the spartan ivs , it 's impossible to infiltrate the ranks of the spartan iis .
