  nah , you 're just reading too much into it . 
  bernie would almost be as bad as hillary . 
  you sound like a right idiot , op . 
  crucial simply because its geography though . 
  it brings few other benefits to the table . 
  as i guessed , another edgy liberal . 
  ca n't handle people with different opinions without resorting to petty insults that do n't even make any sense . 
  yet you have the gall to have a superiority complex . 
  if you wish to interpret it is an insult , that 's your decision . 
  2d  3d . 
  if you think otherwise , you 're a normie . 
  them 's the rules . 
  well are n't you great ? 
  most bagpipes are n't irish - only uilleann pipes are . 
  it 's not that all the refs are bad , there 's just a terrible lack of consistency in decisions between games . 
  what high brow sports do you enjoy ? 
  i 'm from ireland . 
  the us loves us and we have to do sweet fuck all in return . 
  not always . 
  some exceptionally rare cars will only increase in value from the moment they are purchased . 
   eye roll, 
  do n't do that . 
  this is n't tumblr . 
  to be fair , turkey 's coups have a history of being a bit different from your conventional african coup since the army is/was essentially bound by the constitution to stage one if the country is becoming too islamist . 
  killing the president in cold blood may have been viewed as a step too far if they wanted to curry public support ( hence why they were also so reluctant to fire on the pro-erdogan protesters ) . 
   greentext with no green text, 
   right wing government, 
  * fiscally * right wing ,, 
   ones with actual skill involved . 
  such as ? 
  i plan on being dead before i retire , so no . 
  good to know you have such a high level of maturity ... 
  well , yes , as a huge fan of hurling i would agree that it is more skillful than football . 
  but just because one sport requires more skill than another , to say that the less skillful one requires zero skill is just idiotic . 
  you 're not an idiot , are you ? 
  i 've never understood the bizarre amount of recognition it has received . 
  i 'm even more perplexed than i was during the twerking phenomenon . 
  apt in more ways than one , considering that the subreddit is full of wannabe communists . 
  i know - i 'm banned for simply saying that i do n't support communism . 
   i would argue that any country with access to nukes is a global super power, 
  israel has ( undeclared ) nukes . 
  so does pakistan . 
  ditto with north korea . 
  would you consider any of those super powers ? 
  they lack advanced enough military hardware to compete with the usa . 
  even with technological inferiority for much of the cold war , the ussr was advanced * enough * in both strategy and technology to challenge the us hegemony . 
  many would argue that china has not yet reached that stage . 
  i 'd understand their actions though if it was a communism-themed subreddit , but it 's not . 
  it 's just some self-righteous mods on a power trip . 
   and interact with people in the real world . 
  and bring unnecessary suffering upon myself ? 
  no thanks . 
  because they 're not communists , they want to be , but they would never be able to handle a real communist lifestyle . 
  if we do n't simplify things , we 'll have the stupider redditors in here complaining , furrowing their brows in a vain attempt to understand the situation . 
  that seems a bit harsh . 
  i 'm technically still banned from my local for accidentally knocking over a tray of pint glasses as a teenager . 
  thing is , when i returned a few months later ( had been away at college ) , nobody seemed to have remembered that they banned me . 
  it just looks so stupid though . 
   then it 's a communism-themed subreddit, 
  but the content the subreddit is meant to revolve around has nothing to do with communism . 
   instead of learning how to interact with others and reaping the mental health benefits of being social , you 're going to stay unhappy and alone while convincing yourself that you are actually as happy as you can be in this groundhog day slow descent towards death ? 
  yes , because as somebody who used to be social , i do n't think there are any * net * benefits to be gained from being that way . 
   they are still there . 
  not for me they 're not . 
   have fun doing that with no connections . 
  i have a good , stable , well-paying job that i got despite having zero connections in the company or industry . 
  the post itself is n't . 
  but the comments section that it inevitably creates is . 
  look at the comments section . 
  tell me you do n't see a huge volume of anti-religious sentiment . 
   we live in a society where people constantly recommend prayer as a useful activity . 
  for fuck 's sake . 
  what fucking society do you live in ? 
  but this post has been constantly reposted and always results in a huge atheist circlejerk in the comments section . 
  as a non-religious person , the circlejerk part . 
  you must be looking at a very different comments section . 
   that 's the comment thread , not the post itself . 
  when making a post ( especially an often reposted post ) , the op should be aware of what sort of discussion the link/information is gon na provoke . 
  post something like this on reddit , and as proven in the past , the atheists will congregate . 
  nope . 
  well , that 's not a biased summary of the situation at all / s, 
  true , but i find the atheist one to be particularly annoying due to the superiority complex of most participants . 
  faulty logic . 
  if somebody has a negative trait and you point that trait out , that does n't immediately mean that you feel superior to them . 
  / r/shitredditsays is in a league of its own and i do n't frequent / r/politics as i 'm not american , but i think the atheist circlejerk is at least as bad as that in / r/worldnews ( although personally i have n't been seeing much russian nationalism there at all lately ) . 
  there 's a difference between agreeing on something and circlejerking about it . 
  that much should be obvious . 
  i always get the impression that american atheists overexaggerate the `` oppression '' they encounter on a seemingly daily basis . 
  it 's not discussion though - it 's plain old circlejerking . 
  do you enjoy circlejerks , friendo ? 
  ( a ) i 'm not offended , ( b ) i 'm not `` wrong '' . 
  also , there 's no dicussion going on here . 
  just anti-religious circlejerking . 
  and my point is that some circlejerks are worse than others . 
  and what do i believe exactly , since you seem to know ? 
  wrong on all accounts . 
  i 'm not religious and everything should be open to cricitism . 
  and what i 'm criticising is atheist circlejerking on reddit . 
   i think the term circlejerk is useless and used by people offended that people disagree with them . 
  then you clearly do n't understand what a circlejerk is .
