   at the same time i do n't pretend to understand it all , my consciousness and understanding of what is around me is quite limited . 
  humanity will never understand everything about the world/universe we inhabit - we do n't even fully understand our own conciousness . 
  that 's why i include the idea of some higher form existence in my view of life - it implies ( to me ) that there is some degree of order to the chaos in the universe , however minor . 
  but unlike some forms of religion , this actually drives me to learn more about the science , the universe , and ourselves , so that we may achieve a better understanding of what we truly are and our place in the chaos . 
  wow , that got wordy fast - i do n't usually do that , or even discuss my view on things often . 
  i was lucky - i went to 2 all-boys catholic schools and i never had a major issue with religion ( that said , i was a devout catholic until the age of 14 , so i may not have noticed if my primary school was a bastion of christian zealousness or not ) . 
  but my secondary school - despite being a cbs - was very very far removed from religion . 
  sure , the parish priest would say a short mass at xmas time , graduation and special events , but he was a nice guy and the process was just a relic of the past - as were the few icons and crucifixes you 'd see dotted around the school . 
  few of the teachers made their take on religion known , and our religion teacher for the junior cert was fantastic . 
  we learnt so much about foreign culture and other religions in her class , and she even made the required section on christianity interesting with her own takes on things and stories from her travels . 
  yeah , i genuinely enjoyed religion for the junior cert , and once completed it never had to do it again . 
  yes , but i have n't cleaned my keyboard since i bought the laptop , so that ai n't working for everything ( the rest of my laptop is spotless , but the amount of dirt that congeals under the keyboard over the years is ridiculous by comparison ), 
  but have we not always been told that the real aim is to reach a point where you are comfortable in your own skin and with your own body image ? 
  i go to the gym - i 'm not the most fit person in the world by a longshot , but i look healthy . 
  i stay in shape for my own benefit ; to keep fit and to be happy with my body image . 
  but at the same time , i do n't show off what i achieve because i do n't give a damn what other people think , nor do i need their validation to feel good about my body . 
  maybe this is n't comparable to the situation girls experience , but i just though i 'd point it out . 
   i 'm 18 and know a few devout catholics my age . 
  i do too , but they are in a rather small minority . 
  like , i completely understand being insecure - i used to be that way myself . 
  then i just realised how little other people 's opinions impact on my life , so i just stopped giving a damn about what random people thought of me . 
  now i only care about the opinions of people i am close to or need to impress for whatever reason . 
  i know it 's not exactly typical - i have been lucky that i never had to deal with weight issues because i have just never managed to put any on weight unless i really work at it . 
  but i realised being constantly thin was providing a false sense of security , because i was steadily becoming more and more unhealthy . 
  so i decided i should hit the gym to stave off any nasty shocks down the line . 
  i do n't want the religion to end in the country , i just do n't want any religion to have the power the catholic church even still has in ireland . 
  i do n't have any problem with religion continuing to exist . 
  we all do - but they are/soon will be in the small minority . 
  happy days !, 
  it 's only based on my own personal experience . 
  like , the few times i 've gone to mass with my parents when i 'm home for the weekend in recent years , the vast majority of the people in the church every time are above a certain age - which i estimate to be circa 45 . 
  and that age seems to be increasing as the people get older and are not steadily replaced by younger devotees . 
  i do n't see how i 'm being ageist , it 's just an observation . 
  so what if the majority of mass goers are now above a certain age - i 'm not insulting said people for doing so . 
  my parents are among those people . 
  in your opinion . 
  everybody is entitled to their viewpoint , but do n't expect everyone to agree with you . 
  of course the smart thing for people who do n't agree with you to do is to keep it to themselves , because otherwise things can get a little bit tense . 
  just do n't hate somebody because they are n't as enthusiastic about your baby as you are . 
   my guess is that as the median age of reddit gets older , it will be cool to post baby photos . 
  well , some people never want to have kids . 
  if babies ever become as popular as cats on reddit , i 'd have to leave . 
  or at least unsubscribe from a lot of subreddits i currently enjoy . 
   but then you will have one and do the exact same thing, 
  that 's an assumption you should n't be making . 
  a sizeable number of people do n't want/can ' t have kids . 
  hold on , i 'm not even subscribed to / r/childfree . 
  i 've commented there a couple of times because i sympathise with their cause , but i 'm not one of them . 
  that said , i do n't yet have children myself - but do n't call childfree people `` self-involved babies '' . 
  everybody is entitled to the choice on whether to have children or not . 
  fair enough - that 's understandable . 
  i still do n't get why some people have that need to post so much stuff about their kids though ... 
  why ? 
  as a guy , i see restricted fashion as one of the greatest things about the male gender - i have to put virtually zero thought into what i wear every day . 
  i have my t-shirts , my jackets , and my many pairs of semi-identical jeans . 
  everything goes with everything else , so i just throw on what 's clean . 
  and then i have my couple of suits for formal occasions - just have to polish my shoes , and i 'm ready to go . 
  what do you mean ? 
  how exactly ? 
  what the ... ?!, 
  i 'm trying to wrap my head around your mindset , but i really am bewildered as to how you managed to draw some of those points from the picture . 
  if i knew whether you were male or female that might help , but that 's besides the point . 
   the lefthand column is the wardrobe of the shackled slave ; monotonous as it is terrifying , it shows the life one is born into as a man . 
  please explain this point , because as a guy , i certainly do n't feel like a slave . 
   the clothing is mostly there to cover up the hideous body one is born with to attempt to allow males to be viewable in society . 
  well , clothes * were * originally invented to cover our bodies . 
  and why is the male body so hideous ? 
  is the female body some paragon of perfection ? 
  and btw , in most countries it is a crime to walk around naked , so yes - clothes are there to make us look presentable in society . 
   there is no life at all , just cold , hard death of the monotonous , cretinous life of a male , whose only purpose is to service women who are represented on the right hand side . 
  oh please , you ca n't serious believe that ?!, 
  now i 'm genuinely curious as to whether you are male or female just so i can get a better grasp of why you think these things . 
   they have a whole range of magnificent garments that allow appropriate amounts of their flesh to be seen in public for each social occasion ; women have real emotions , personalities that they express . 
  they are beautiful , transcendent beings and as such share their beauty everywhere they go . 
  each of their garments expresses a unique side of their beauty , a mark of their power . 
  so men have no emotions ? 
  also , i think you may be confusing women with gods ... 
   a lowly man could only dream of being even slightly so beautiful ... of ever being able to don a garment of true expression ... oh , but no man has a body that is not so grotesque as to require entire covering in public ; no man has any qualities but those of a beast , and thus he is not fit for any task but to be at the service of the magnificence of woman . 
  ok , this is misandry plain and simple - i do n't like to use the word , but there is no other way to describe what you are saying . 
   looking at this graph is just a reminder of the prison one is born into as a male ; and the beautiful world that one is born into as a female . 
  in a better world , the two sides are the same , or perhaps even nonexistent , though scarcely a soul dares to dream of such a beautiful world ... it is probably too grand to truly exist . 
  that 's odd , i do n't feel imprisoned . 
  tell me , what makes you hold women in such high esteem yet makes you view men with a level of disgust that frankly shocks me ? 
  i eagerly anticipate your reply . 
  aha , that 's it !, 
  thanks very much !, 
  only problem is , i live in ireland - no wal-mart here . 
  at least i know what they are called now . 
  but i just do n't get why any guy would be jealous of women 's clothing options . 
  men have it so much better in my opinion . 
  yes , but a lot of people do n't think this way . 
  in fact , based on what i 've seen in the comments of similar posts , i would go as far to say that the majority of reddit does not like seeing pictures of other people 's babies clogging up their page . 
   relate things to your experiences . 
  not just at school/other jobs , but in life . 
  they want to know you 're more than `` i did my school work , i studied hard , i never did anything fun or exciting . '', 
  tell them you climbed a mountain and learned a lot ... tell them you studied abroad ... work cool stuff into your answers . 
  it shows character . 
  well , no wonder i never succeed in interviews . 
  i have work experience , did well in school , and i have been told i come across well in interviews , yet i never seem to be able to land a job . 
  the question i always dread is `` what are my interests/hobbies ? '' .
