  what if you ca n't do this ? 
   you 're here to make a difference . 
  yet the vast majority of us wo n't . 
   forget school, 
  and end up worrying about money for the rest of your life ? 
  that may have been a possibility in the past , but now it would just throw more problems on top of op 's anxiety . 
   but i think life is worth living if you make it your mission to seek happiness . 
  i can only speak for myself here ( however i 'm sure there are others like me ) but the few things in life that would make me happy are physically and practically unachievable for me . 
   many simple depressive symptoms are easy to treat , even without medicine . 
  the problem i 've found with most therapy-based treatments for depression symptoms is that they tend to revolve around tricking your mind in some way . 
  i 've been to therapy , and i 've tried what 's been recommended to me , and it just does n't work . 
  my mind refuses to be tricked . 
  and besides , the idea of living in a world where i have tricked myself into a state of being content does n't sit well with me . 
  ... . . why ? 
  will you personally come and beat me up if i do ? 
  you misunderstand - what if nothing exists that i * like * ? 
  or the few things i do * like * are unavailable to me ? 
   all of this would be fine, 
  how so ? 
  i do n't think what you described in your first paragraph is fine at all . 
  easier said than done . 
   are the things you want in life really absolutely impossible to achieve ? 
  given my circumstances , yes . 
  some of it 's my fault , some of it 's not . 
  but no , i have no desire to become a dinosaur - thanks for the laugh though . 
  i 've tried many things in my life , finding pleasure in none . 
  i 'm in college for the second time , studying a degree i 'm good at but have little interest in ( i 'm only doing it for the sake of actually getting a job at the end of it since i have no other skills and have been unemployed for a number of years ) . 
  the things in life that i desire either do n't exist or require aptitudes that i simply do n't possess and never will be able to . 
  the one path in life that might have realistically brought me some level of contentedness was destroyed when i realised that i just did n't have the aptitude for the line of work i wished to pursue , regardless of how much effort i put in . 
  throw in a case of depression that i 've had for years , and you start to get the picture of the mess i 'm in . 
   that 's defeatism . 
  try . 
  i * have * tried . 
  repeatedly . 
   stop feeling sorry for yourself and go fucking do something !, 
  i 'd like to point out that i in no way feel sorry for myself . 
  too many of my problems are of my own creation for that . 
  what makes you think that ? 
  for the record , i do have depression and have had it for a number of years . 
  none of the treatments i 've tried work , and this inability to find any meaning in my life is only exacerbating it . 
   if the things that you like are n't available to you , you might be able to enjoy the challenge of trying to get them . 
  the lowest effort is playing the lottery , the highest is starting a business . 
  or i suppose you could become a criminal . 
  it 's not a financial factor that hinders me - it 's aptitude based . 
  i lack the talents to pursue one of the few paths that would have made me content . 
  i tried , but no amount of hard work could overcome it . 
  true , but in that case for most people , they could list a number of things they want to try because they think they might like them . 
  i ca n't do that . 
  virtually nothing i can feasibly do in the world sounds appealing or interesting to me . 
  and i do n't mean that in some twisted superiority driven way , just for the record . 
  [ ] ( / notamusedtrixie ) and ? 
  seriously , do n't take this the wrong way , but what is with these almost twice daily posts that are largely about you describing your daily life ? 
  is that not something that would be better confined to your own subreddit - is that not why you created it ? 
  [ ] ( / moi ) i just do n't get the the point of that tumblr of your 's . 
  do n't lie - you 're one of them too . 
  ... ... you 're a two day old account with 2 comments in total . 
  what you talkin ' aboot ? 
   considering how i did n't create my subreddit , i am less likely to post there, 
  did n't stop you advertising it here though , to be fair . 
   i post this *** terrible shit *** so i have a way to stem conversation naturally . 
  that 's not how the plounge should work ... . 
  [ ] ( / x01 ) the why advertise it here ? 
  or more importantly , why create it in the first place ? 
   it 's quality, 
  debatable . 
   shitposting , unfortunately , is a big thing in the plounge, 
  well if you find it * unfortunate * , stop supporting it . 
   i like doing crazy things, 
  partially true , yes . 
  but i ca n't stand seeing people * intentionally * shitposting . 
  like , if you * know * something is a shitpost , do n't do it . 
  i guess only the opinions of the mods matter in that case . 
  personally i wish they 'd take a harder line on shitposting . 
  i 'd prefer a lower daily post count but higher average post quality than the current state of affairs . 
  i 'm not seeing your point . 
  if people are staying for the shitposts i 'm rather confused as to their motivations for being here . 
  because i 've been here longer than a lot of people and remember that things were once different and have made friends here from that period ( this is n't my first account on the plounge ) . 
  shitting - the great equalizer . 
  and ? 
  sad thing is , i 've come across people on reddit who genuinely believe in that . 
  virtual crucifixion . 
  we 're seeing a subreddit implode in slow motion - it 's a beautiful and rare thing to see . 
   really ? 
  yeah , quite a few times actually . 
  apparently men * deserve * false rape accusations for fostering something called `` rape culture '' . 
  attitudes such as the one i mentioned are n't exactly * common * on reddit i 'll admit , but they most certainly exist . 
  i saw quite a few people who said such things when i used to spend time in / r/subredditdrama . 
  like , guys who hate women are ten a penny on reddit , but i got to see the real man-hating women outside of their natural tumblr habitat . 
  [ ] ( / x11 ) ruthless darkle was brilliant !, 
  but he has softened with age . 
  [ ] ( / hipstertrixie ) old joke is old - even by plounge standards . 
  that 3rd one was a bit of a mess . 
  okay , * a lot * . 
  the animation was nice though , and the opening 20-30 minutes was fun . 
  but it was a very steep slope downhill from there . 
  seriously , 4.0 will have to be stellar to even reasonably resolve the issues 3.0 left behind . 
  as somebody who just could n't get into the tv series , the first two movies in the new series were actually surprisingly accessible . 
  i suppose the faster pace and reduced shinji moping time helped . 
   eva would n't be eva without excessive introspection . 
  yeah , but there 's a point where you cross a line ... . and eva is so far past that line , it ca n't even see it any more .
