  i was working hard , never did badly in an assignment , but when it came to tests i just capitulated . 
  every . 
  single . 
  time . 
  gradually , as the material became more difficult , i started to get left behind . 
  no amount of work i did could bring me beyond average grades . 
  i had always done well in school , so i found the situation rather confusing and began to get incredibly disillusioned . 
  when the 1st year summer finals rolled around , i was still holding onto the hope that i had just been lazy all semester and that i actually had it in me to do well . 
  i studied hard , yet still failed one of my exams - and most my other results were nothing to call home about . 
  this should have been my wake-up call to dump the course , but i did n't know what else i wanted to do . 
  engineering was still the career i desired . 
  so , i sacrificed my summer to study for the repeat exam . 
  i passed it , and was actually looking forward to returning to college . 
  i was hoping 2nd year would be better since 1st year had a lot of stuff that did n't apply to my chosen discipline . 
  initially 2nd year was better - i worked hard and for the first time i was actually enjoying some of the material i was learning . 
  yet here i am 3 months later , and all i want to do is curl up and die . 
  i 've started failing exams again and i can honestly say that i no longer enjoy any aspect of my course . 
  i 've been in almost constant depression for the past month , and today i almost reached breaking point . 
  a failed test , 24 hours without food , minimal sleep , stress over last minute formatting of a group report had me on edge all day . 
  but i had got through all that and was sitting/sleeping in my last lecture when i got 2 missed calls and 2 angry texts from one of my team-mates insulting me for missing out on a couple of typos when formatting the entire report for the rest of the team ( microsoft word had ignored them for some reason ) . 
  and i just sat there , motionless for about 5 minutes . 
  i felt like my insides had fallen away and i was just a shell . 
  i could n't think , i was n't trying to think . 
  it was the strangest and most inexplicable experience of my life , especially since i am quite thick-skinned and do n't insult easily . 
  but at that moment i felt like i was going to cry ( i 'm a 21 year old male - i have n't cried in about 10 years ) . 
  eventually i was snapped out of it as the lecturer passed by me , but i 'm sitting here 2 hours later and i do n't feel right . 
  i have a pain in my stomach and a headache ( i 've eaten since , so that 's not it ) and i really just want to die . 
  there 's nothing i look forward to in this world anymore - i do n't have good days and bad days , i have terrible days and not so terrible days . 
  i do n't want to leave bed in the morning because i know today will be exactly like the last - a painful 24hours of me feeling like an idiot in college and just wasting my life away . 
  i ca n't remember the last time i was truly happy . 
  this course has come to dominate my life - because of it 's time consuming nature and the additional depression it causes me , i have lost contact with most my friends , have no hobbies any more , and ca n't engage in anything related to the social side of college life . 
  i used to have a future to look forward to , now i just struggle through each day to get to the next . 
  my problems are small compared to most people 's and i may be coming across as a bit of a drama queen , but i ca n't rid myself of this sense of pointlessness and apathy in my life . 
  i know this is long and rambling , and i would n't blame you if you do n't get this far . 
  i just felt like i needed to post this - it 's kinda cathartic to get how i feel written down where somebody might actually see it . 
  i know there is nothing you can do to help - i have backed myself into this corner and made a mess of things . 
  there is no easy way out and i will have to make a very important decision sooner rather than later . 
  i just hope that somebody will take something from what i 've typed here and that they do n't make the same mistake i did . 
  tl ; dr : one poorly thought through life-choice is progressively ruining my life , sending me deeper and deeper into depression and putting my mental health at risk, 
  my 14 month old samsung galaxy ace has suddenly stopped displaying photos i take with its camera . 
  when i take a photograph , it does everything normally . 
  but when i click the button to review recently taken pictures or go to the gallery , in the place of every photo there is a black & white icon that i can best describe as a photograph with a lightning fork through it ( i ca n't find a picture of it anywhere online ) . 
  it 's obvious that the photos are being saved on the phone , because the exact number of icons is the same as the number of photos i have attempted to take since the error arose , and the icon is even reorientated depending on whether the photographs were landscape or portrait . 
  however , photos in my gallery that i had taken prior to the error arising can still be viewed properly . 
  i 've normally been able to solve most issues with my phone , but this one has stumped me . 
  other than this , the phone is working perfectly and my software patches are up to date . 
  suffice to say , i am quite confused , so any advice would be appreciated as to what the error might be and how i might fix it . 
  i have a number of . flv video files on my laptop , but windows media player refuses to play them . 
  is there a way of resolving this ? 
  * edit : feel free to ask if you need more details, 
  i usually transfer music , photos , etc. 
  to my samsung galaxy ace by putting the micro sd card into an adaptor , and then transfer the files directly onto it from my laptop . 
  however , i 've been having trouble transferring videos onto my phone . 
  i basically have 3 questions :, 
  what media type should the videos be ? 
  what file within the android micro sd card do i put the videos ? 
  where can the videos be found once i 've transferred them to the phone ? 
  any help appreciated . 
  i 'm looking for a replacement leather cover for my samsung galaxy ace . 
  due to the age of the device , i can no longer find them irl , so i 'm wondering is there any site anybody could recommend that sells a wide variety of covers for various android phones ( even ones a year or two old ) ? 
  i 'm running a samsung galaxy ace at the moment , and i 've been having some issues playing videos on it lately . 
  fortunately i was helped out by some guys in another post i made , but i 've run into another small issue . 
  i 'm using the mx player app to watch videos on my phone now ( great app btw ) , but i wondering if there is a certain video file type that works best with it ? 
  it runs almost all video types quite well , but some perform better than others ( keeping in mind the ace 's far from stellar capabilities ) . 
  i 'm trying to figure out which file type works best , but i 'm having trouble determining this - mp4 's seem to be the best but wmv 's are more consistent , for example . 
  so , i 'm just wondering is there any particular video file type that mx player runs best on 2 year old tech ? 
  it 's proving to be virtually impossible to get under the keys of my dell inspiron 1545 with any sort of cleaning implement - and due to the nature of the tray the keys are built into , dirt collects very easily . 
  i 'm hoping somebody out there can teach me an innovative way of completing this task , or at least point me in the right direction . 
  i 've finally decided to take up flossing after years of putting it off - i just never got in the habit when i was young , and it 's starting to take it 's toll on my gums ( my teeth themselves are actually quite healthy ), 
  the problem is i have very large , inarticulate hands . 
  this is one of the reasons i did n't take up flossing when i was younger , because i just could n't get the floss in and around my teeth - it kept slipping from my grip , i could n't see what i was doing , and i could n't reach the majority of my teeth . 
  however , a few years ago i saw in passing this device being advertised in a pharmacy . 
  i did n't take note of it at the time , but it 's only now i remember it . 
  in shape it was like a disposable razor , but between the 2 mounts where the blade would normally be held was a strip of floss that you could remove and replace with using a normal box of dental floss . 
  in hindsight , it would be perfect for solving the problem i have now . 
  however , for the life of me i can not find them for sale anywhere , and i do n't even know what to call them when i 'm in a shop or searching on the internet . 
  if anybody recognises what i am talking about , i 'd greatly appreciate it if you 'd tell me what they are called and maybe where they are normally sold ( or even any similar device you might think would help ), 
  also , in the hope that i do manage to find this implement , could anybody give advice to a person starting to floss again for the first time in over a decade ? 
  all i know for the moment is to expect a lot of blood . 
  i recently switched to microsoft security essentials as my anti-virus software , and have been told by colleagues that using ccleaner in conjunction with it is a wise move to make . 
  is this true and what advantages would ccleaner provide ? 
  just a quick question . 
  i 'm working on a lab project for university , and as part of the assessment i 'm asked to suggest an alternative to an electromagnet for use in a dc motor . 
  my natural instinct is to use a natural magnet , but is this too simple an answer ? 
  are there alternatives ? 
  i 'm a college student in my early 20 's and i 've had depression on and off now for 4 years , but it really kicked up a notch within the last year . 
  it 's not that the depression itself has gotten worse , but it just seems to be having a far greater effect on my day-to-day life than it used to . 
  i just do n't care any more about things that used to mean a lot to me . 
  every morning i struggle to convince myself to get out of bed because i see no point in going through the daily grind when it means so little to me . 
  i used to be big into academics - one of the top students in my high school , numerous academic awards , and got the course at my first choice college with ease . 
  but 2 years later and i 'm on the verge of flunking out of college , and i feel like i 'm powerless to stop this happening . 
  i know i should be studying for exams and doing assignments , but i just do n't seem to care enough any more to make myself to it . 
  that little bit of willpower everybody has to have in order to make themselves study - i 've completely lost it because i 've become completely apathetic to my studies , among many other aspects of my life . 
  my social life has all but collapsed , save for a few close friends . 
  i have no hobbies , and spend most my time trying to sleep or browsing the internet just so i do n't have to actively think about how my apathy is systematically ruining my life . 
  there 's not a day i do n't wish that i could stop time and just sleep forever , and darker thoughts of that nature ( but i 'm not suicide risk - i would n't have the willpower to go through with it ) . 
  i 'm just wondering if anybody who has had experience with this type of depression knows how to combat the apathy - i think if i can beat that , i can start on the road to conquering depression . 
  any help appreciated . 
  [ soluto ] ( https://www.soluto.com/ ) is a program that was recommended to me by a friend when i was having performance issues on my laptop a while back . 
  i 've since managed to more or less sort those issues out , but i 'm still wondering is soluto worth downloading ?
