  how morally righteous of you ... 
  there 's the arrogance again . 
  that 's just one guy . 
  you ca n't discredit an entire movement due to the actions of one guy . 
  `` anon should just be himself '' - normalfags, 
  this is like my 4th reddit account ( albeit my longest running one ) . 
  i 've been around since shortly after the digg exodus . 
  i do n't recall the rule being formally/unilaterally enforced until maybe 2 years ago at the earliest . 
  some depressed people have reached the point where they do n't even desire change . 
   has become a third-rail topic on reddit over the last 18 months or so . 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  not that i agree with muting people in the d\u00e1il , but i 'd be certainly tempted to do the same if i was forced to listen to that wanker mouthing off about `` political policing '' . 
  i really hope he is n't re-elected , but i fear his constituents ( and the majority of / r/ireland for that matter ) are too enamored with his childish `` i was elected to break the law '' bullshit . 
   giving in to your animalistic instincts, 
  now * that 's * beta . 
  this is the shittiest , most generic advice imaginable . 
  please cite something that i said which was inaccurate . 
  i have no issue with being corrected . 
  i prefer it to being silently downvoted . 
  neither of us is * incorrect * in what we say in that case , but your latter paragraph is equally as biased as you claim my original comment to be . 
  were n't aware that you were the absolute authority on bias . 
  good to know . 
  probably on his phone in school . 
  it would be a true utopia, 
  ... for some . 
  man , japan must have some fucked up kids considering the content in a lot of anime . 
  i never said i agreed that he should be muted - it was wrong for the cc to do so . 
  it 's just that i 'd be sorely tempted to and would have to resist that temptation for the sake of democracy in the d\u00e1il . 
  read between the lines ;, 
   in school, 
  he 's most likely a fucking teenager . 
  there 's not a lot going on in their brains . 
  fair point , but i was speaking from the cc 's perspective , as he was the one who muted murphy , right ? 
  i agree , fully . 
  ** edit : ** if i was prone to being paranoid , i 'd say i have people following me around downvoting everything i say given the rate at which i 've been getting downvotes in this subreddit recently . 
  who did i piss off ? 
  teenagers are generally retarded . 
  like what ? 
   as i pointed out above , you 're misrepresenting the argument - `` breaking the law through taking part in and advocating civil disobedience through non-payment of the water charges '' - not on what he would call trumped-up charges of `` false imprisonment '' . 
  that 's subjective . 
  this entire comments section is very strange . 
  he strikes me as somebody who is n't too hung up on how exactly he breaks the law , as long as he provokes an appropriate response from the authorities and gets the sort of attention he wants . 
  eh , at this stage i 've given up trying to be objective . 
  i 'm getting downvoted regardless of what i say anyway . 
  as always , / r/ireland hates opinions that are not its own . 
  huh , i had n't considered that . 
  good theory . 
  i forget that / r/ireland is probably second only to boards.ie as an online discussion forum for the country . 
  it sure seems to be going that way . 
  proc ? 
  your comment typifies the maturity of this subreddit . 
  they sure are . 
  my `` easily outraged '' tag for you receives affirmation every single day . 
  it 's not that big at all . 
  it 's little more than a coastal patrol ship . 
   navel service, 
  sorry , made me laugh . 
  a lot of them are technically `` warships '' , but are quite small and lightly armed . 
  there 'd be no real fear of you actually being fired directly at though . 
  i had no idea . 
  never even heard of it until now . 
  was this from that / r9k / bullying thread two days ago ? 
  because that was just full to the brim with made up bullshit and power fantasies . 
  some boards still do it . 
  but it 's a dying art . 
  i have thousands of reaction images that will never be used again . 
  most of mine are anime ones from my time on / a / , and i do n't have them uploaded anywhere at the moment . 
  that would take quite some time . 
  however i could load them into a zipped folder and put them on something like mega . 
  i would n't be able to do that any time soon though . 
  things are getting busy at work . 
  it does n't surprise me that you 're the type that would back up the guardian . 
  open your eyes , man . 
  this is far from the only case of where the guardian has blown something related to ireland vastly out of proportion . 
  it 's a clearly noticeable trend - you do n't have to be a nationalist to see it . 
   but that still does n't make the issue any less legitimate and any less worth writing about . 
  normally i 'd agree with you . 
  but in the case of this particular issue i will ask one question ; are we , as a developed nation , obliged to tailor all our economic activity for the benefit of developing nations ? 
  because that 's what we 're indicating if we seriously consider changing our tax laws - one of our most lucrative sources of national income - for that reason . 
  that 's what the guardian is implying by reporting on this . 
  and it 's horseshit because no sensible country would intentionally shoot itself in the foot like that . 
  the guardian is picking up on a non-descript soundbite from an academic that most news outlets wo n't even pay attention to because there 's little reason to report on it unless you have a particular agenda to fulfill . 
  it was a bit more than that . 
  personally speaking , if i was stuck in my car for an extended period of time with a hostile mob surrounding me , i 'd be hoping somebody would be held responsible . 
   enda 's attempts to use state intimidation to silence people then his lie is going to be exposed on the world stage . 
  yeah , * sure * . 
  like , there 's technically no nudity . 
   what kind of dipshit calls the cops on people who have invited him into their own home ? 
  the grand protector of the law . 
  spain kicked them out . 
   if you 're an ordinary citizen then next to nothing would happen should that have happened to you . 
  not enough guards available you see . 
  source ? 
  sounds like you 're talking out of your ass . 
  regardless , is it not natural for members of the cabinet to have some form of security , hence making it easier for back-up to be called in ? 
  if i recall correctly , the burton incident happened in dublin . 
  quite easy to call in support there . 
  any time i 've been in dublin , there are plenty of garda\u00ed around . 
  it 's your anecdote versus mine . 
  i do n't give a shit about your friends , but that does n't mean you would have the right to make my life hell because of it .
