  pretty much . 
  there are better ways to deal with things than going on hunger strike . 
  it very rarely achieves anything . 
   which then just wipes out all the local shops and businesses, 
  if they ca n't compete , they ca n't compete . 
  that said , i will agree with you about the frequency with which supermarkets pop up in places that ca n't sustain them . 
  i 'm originally from a town of about 5000 people , and there is currently 6 supermarkets there ( 7 if you count an unusually big spar ) . 
  i 've no idea how they 're all still open . 
  i would n't trust a 16 year old to make an informed vote , so i really hope that one in particular does n't pass . 
  the rest i do n't really care about - the gay marriage one is more or less guaranteed to pass , and even if the presidential candidate age referendum passes , we 're always gon na have a 35 + president anyway . 
   n france ( the original home of the supermarket ) many townspeple have made a point of shopping in their local specialist shops while at the same time shopping in the likes of the giant ( and they are fucking huge ) auchan and carrefour chainstores . 
  that 's all well and good if you 're able to afford it . 
   it was only viable because the abortion was delayed so long by the decision makers . 
  agreed . 
   babies born at 24 weeks can survive ( around 50 % i think ) but those that do often carry life long disabilities as a result and it may be a long time before it is apparent what deficits if any this child may have . 
  medicine has come a long way in improving the quality of life of those who do survive . 
  i have a neighbour who had twins at the 23 week mark and both are almost perfect now . 
  just a case of asthma and a very minor learning disability between them . 
  there 's always a smartass who says this . 
  we all know the `` unaligned '' status has n't been the common definition of the word since the cold war . 
  i will agree with you on the butchers . 
  it 's worth paying that little bit extra for quality meat at a local butchers . 
  the meaning of the word in common use has changed with time . 
  i 'm not saying that 's right or wrong , but it 's something we have to accept . 
  and besides , the original meaning is barely relevant any more . 
   i verbally attack them every time i see their sorry asses . 
  im not changing their narrow mindset but it makes me feel great to vent on these muppets who think they are superior, 
  you 're acting almost as childish as they are if you do this . 
  tipp played brilliantly , but due to how poor cork were , it 's difficult to gauge how good tipperary actually are at the moment . 
  their quality of play has been all over the place this season , and while today was definitely a highlight , i question whether they would have been able to beat limerick in the other semi-final , or more importantly whether they will be able to beat kilkenny . 
  that said , i have great confidence in the tipperary team , and as they 've proved in the past , they are one of the few teams that can topple kilkenny in an all ireland final . 
   `` if you wo n't let me terminate my baby , i will harm myself and the baby . '', 
  i would certainly do the same . 
  yeah , i still think it 's a stupid move and would n't think your actions were conducive towards improving the situation . 
  no , and i 'm somebody who will occasionally read the weekday independent . 
  my aunt gets the sunday independent though , and from what i 've seen , it 's just awful in so many ways . 
  from its layout to its bizarre opinion pieces . 
   i was n't stupid at 16 i know most were but they wo n't vote anyways, 
  sure you were . 
  all teenagers are stupid in one way or another , mainly due to lack of life experience . 
  some are just more stupid than others . 
  no , but we have to define the cut-off point somewhere . 
  and since for many other things 18 is considered the age when a person becomes an adult , it makes sense for it to be the age when you 're allowed to vote . 
  also , i 'd trust you average 18 year old * slightly * more than your average 16 year old . 
  that does n't even make any sense . 
   i think pretty much any cut-off point is anti-democratic . 
  in an ideal world , maybe . 
  then leave . 
   also , it is going to be horrible hearing all the stuff from the no side which by law have to get 50 % of airtime . 
  and ? 
  nobody is forcing you to listen to them . 
  that law is in place for a good reason . 
  we ca n't just sideline it every time it makes us feel a bit uncomfortable . 
  so , if somebody is grateful that they 're able to afford a decent quality of life due to low supermarket prices , they 're a troll ? 
  you clearly have n't been following the international news recently then . 
  now i ca n't tell if you 're trolling or not . 
  regardless , nobody is forcing you to do anything . 
  just get the exams rechecked . 
  that 's what everybody else does when they 're not happy with their exam results and think they should have done better . 
  there 's no need to make a big song and dance about it . 
  sphe was a doss class for us , and cspe was about how wonderful travellers are and random stories about poor people . 
  slightly unrelated question : why is there so much of a discrepancy in the ways individual schools approach sphe and sex ed in general ? 
  for example , i finished secondary school in 2010 . 
  i never had a single sex ed lesson and sphe was a doss class . 
  it was the same in all the other schools in the town . 
  yet when i went to college , i met people from other schools who had received comprehensive sex ed classes and such . 
  this is why nobody likes you . 
  but i 'm sure given your superior intellect that you 're already aware of this . 
  do they still post the offers out the same day , or is it all online nowadays ? 
  for most people though , it 's still an issue of price . 
  tesco seemingly has no idea how to price games . 
  you regularly see games sitting on the shelves for months/years at their original retail price . 
  then every once in a blue moon they realise they have almost an entire stock of old , unsold games lying around and have to flog them off in a firesale for like $ 5 or $ 10 . 
  they had such a sale there about 4 months ago . 
  i got both battlefield 3 and vanquish brand new for the 360 for $ 10 each . 
  they weird thing is , tesco has the financial clout and market presence to actually do well in the physical games market . 
  like , their only real competitor would be gamestop , and they could easily outdo them if they were willing to invest some money and effort . 
  ever since i went through the ordeal of passing my driving test , i am absolutely flabbergasted when out on the road as to how some people managed to pass their test at all . 
  like , i know * nobody * drives in real life like how you drive during the test , but if you 're a shit driver to begin with , i imagine that would be difficult to hide during a 30 minute test . 
  knowing my luck , flight of the valkyries or something would be playing . 
  yeah , you 'll find the occasional rare game in a tesco firesale . 
  like , i had n't seen a new copy of vanquish in shops since the game was launched , and one of the tesco shops in cork had exactly one for the 360 in their most recent sale . 
  suffice to say , i snatched that up as soon as i could . 
  downvote for being a child . 
  they had a limited supply of ps4 's on launch day at a price slightly cheaper than gamestop if i recall correctly . 
  pretty childish on your sister 's behalf . 
  i 've yet to even see one . 
  but he was n't an employee at the time . 
  what 's with the s 's ? 
  it 's not like he knew she was his potential boss . 
  trivial things you do outside of work should n't affect your employability . 
  you should be hired on your merits and your suitability for the job as presented in an interview/meeting . 
  that 's the system we have and we 're stuck with it . 
  i would n't do it myself , but it would n't be really something that would bother me were i on the receiving end of it . 
  yeah , but it 's not relevant either . 
  and besides , you 're on / r/4chan . 
  the chances of there being a woman here are pretty damn slim . 
  not as slim as a woman being on 4chan itself , but not too far removed either . 
  let me guess , you 're american ? 
  but we 're definitely sold on the fact that you 're ignorant as fuck .
