  details , details !, 
  these are * top men !, 
  * they 're gon na bring down donald trump * with a petition !, 
  there is absolutely nothing wrong with capping to ensure victory . 
  and ? 
  teammates are often unreliable . 
  i 'd rather ensure victory in the face of doubt that leave it in the hands of potential incompetents . 
  username checks out . 
  stay mad . 
  i think it 's fair to blame your teammates when you 're 6-2 up and they run off to kill the remaining enemies only to die one by one . 
  boy was i glad i capped in that game and others like it . 
  i thought our labour party was the prime example of that ? 
  you seem pretty obsessed with iq when it 's largely irrelevant to the topic at hand . 
  he sure made a balls of conveying his `` one simple reason '' . 
  a lot of the tanks look really odd after the update . 
  the panzer iv h in particular looks like it was painted with house paint or something . 
  well you 'd be wrong . 
  iq is nowhere near as important as it 's made out to be in general . 
  weed . 
  if only to annoy the stoners . 
   wizardom is n't at all . 
  soon . 
  please leave and never come back . 
  monard , co. . tipperary should sue . 
  it will be interesting to see if the aussies mount a counter-offensive . 
  they 've been in power for so long , they 're unlikely to want to relinquish their title . 
  well , that 's what happens when you effectively rebel against the country that supplied you with those jets . 
   the angelus is blasted out over the middle east on their holy hifi systems . 
  but what will they do without images of old women looking like they 're constipated or men making books in athlone ? 
   just get rid of it and actually make rte six one start at six instead . 
  but i need that extra minute for pre-news shitposting !, 
  eh , they 're playing it up a bit , no ? 
   moreover , the u.s. still has n't delivered the remaining f-14s that iran bought , effectively hustling iran out of their money :p, 
  was n't iran getting them at a heavily discounted rate anyway ? 
  well , while it may not be explicitly stated in the contract , taking us embassy staff hostage would understandably void any arms deals currently in place . 
   please travel . 
  it opens your eyes, 
  clich\u00e9 as fuck . 
  why ? 
  some people do n't want to nor see the need to travel . 
  if you want to derive some sense superiority from that , so be it . 
  i have n't been outside all day , and the and my apartment does n't hold heat as long as the windows are open , so i 'm afraid i ca n't really relate . 
  i imagine i 'd feel differently if i went outside though . 
  well said . 
  when most people travel they just go to tourist hotspots anyway . 
  maybe it was in the past , but not in the age of the internet - hence why it has become clich\u00e9 . 
  everything that can be gained from travelling can now be obtained with a few hours on the internet . 
  saves you a rake of money too . 
   hot weather, 
  the weather we 're getting here in ireland at the moment is plenty hot enough for me . 
   exotic food & women, 
  i 've never seen the appeal in `` exotic '' things . 
   a chance to redefine yourself outside your current social situation, 
  only insecure people feel the need to do that . 
   finally understanding complaints about ryanair ... 
  to be fair , while i have traveled with ryanair quite a few times myself , you do n't necessarily need to travel with them yourself to understand how unpleasant the experience can be . 
  be that as it may , there 's a reason tourist hotspots exist in the first place . 
  but how would i earn money then ? 
  i 'm just expressing my opinion . 
  / r/ireland just ca n't seem to fathom that somebody might not be interested in travelling just for the sake of it . 
  par for the course , really . 
   you ca n't get that feeling or expeience from the internet or from reading books . 
  i simply disagree with that sentiment . 
  studying ww2 history is actually one of my hobbies , and i do n't think i need to actively visit the sites of importance mentioned in the books i read or featured in the documentaries i watch to appreciate and understand what took place there . 
  define `` good '' . 
   i 'm not sure if you have already done that , but you ca n't just rule it out . 
  i can if i do n't feel like i 'm missing anything by * not * going there . 
  but obviously that would vary from person to person , which is the point i 've been trying to make this entire thread . 
  while i 'm sure i could sustain my frugal lifestyle on the dole as it is right now , i really do n't want have to deal with the hassle of the social welfare system . 
  but i fail to see how it 's untrue . 
  people are all too happy to downvote me for saying it , but not a single one can say anything convincing to the contrary other than appealing to emotions . 
  if you lack a desire to travel , there 's no point in forcing yourself to travel due to societal pressure . 
   life is short , seems an awful shame not to see some other parts of this little planet we 're on, 
  are pictures and videos not good enough ? 
  omnics ; a sound bunch of lads . 
  i never said it was the same , but almost any reason for travel that people in this thread are giving can be achieved via the internet too . 
  but then we 're back to the dilemma of having to go outside . 
   but i have no idea how you can say that seeing a picture of something and actually seeing something are the same . 
  ~ ~ maybe ~ ~ i 'm just weird . 
  i just do n't like how unaccepting / r/ireland is of the notion that somebody may not want to travel though . 
  wisdom beyond your years . 
  but that 's what i already do . 
  each to their own . 
  i ai n't trolling though . 
  that said , i should n't be surprised that / r/ireland still accuses those with different opinions of being trolls . 
   enjoy the sand in your ears then i guess, 
  never heard of this phrase before . 
  ah , kildare is fine . 
  i 'm hardly doing that if i 'm constantly learning about things online and such . 
   i utterly disagree , have you even travelled at all ? 
  quite a bit actually - between family holidays when i was a child and work . 
   if neither applies then enjoy the rest of your days on the internet - i 'm done with this thread . 
  just for reference , i 'm in my late 20s and fully employed . 
  the m41 is my go-to scout , but unlike most people i do n't use the auto-loader . 
  the regular 76mm takes almost a second longer to reload since the update , but other than there does n't appear to be any other changes in the patch notes . 
  obvious troll is obvious . 
  now you 're being pedantic - that does n't even make any sense . 
   god almighty what has you so afraid of the unknown ? 
  i 'm not afraid of the unknown , largely because - thanks to the internet - it 's not unknown . 
   the internet ca n't let you experience the smell of a market in another country .
