  then there 's the spirit of fire 's red team who are still alive as far as we know . 
  and finally the 4 spartans who are genuinely mia . 
  so there 's a minimum of 5 still operational , and a maximum of 17 . 
  according to halopedia , carris-137 is n't confirmed to have surived the augmentations . 
  in fact , there is no info about her beyond 2510 at all . 
  also , although apparently based on a canon spartan ii , nicole-458 herself is n't canon . 
  i ca n't get access to political science databases at the moment , but i recommend the 2007 book `` politics '' by andrew heywood as a decent starting point . 
  if i recall correctly , he dedicates some time in the book to addressing the outdated typology . 
  it 's hardly an advanced political science book ( it 's primarily aimed at students of politics & government ) , but it 's a good read nonetheless . 
  it 's a long time since i watched halo legends myself , but they 're classified as having completed the augmentation on halopedia . 
   there were at least 300 s-iiis not attached to the companies and we do n't know what most of their fates are . 
  where did those ones come from ? 
   no one really has any right to tell the indo 's what to do in their own country . 
  better countries should have that right . 
  i know some siiis had been pulled for their exceptional qualities , but i had no idea that the number was as high as 150 . 
  certain western european countries then . 
   trap : very passable trans . 
  considered slangterm, 
  weird - being an anime fan , my understanding of the word `` trap '' is slightly different . 
  mainly used to describe an effeminate guy that could easily be mistaken for a girl but is most definitely a guy and has no desire to be a girl . 
  and it 's rarely used in a derogatory manner in that context . 
  yeah , i alluded to that when i mentioned black team . 
  as another commenter pointed out , reviving and rehabilitating such `` washed out '' spartans is the most likely source of the 33 + figure . 
  according to halopedia , sheila died in 2544 on miridem . 
  just you wait for the gay water meter referendum in september . 
  ca n't fucking wait until it 's over . 
  although i 've heard that facebook is by far the worst place to be if you 're sick of hearing about the referendum . 
  just another reason that i 'm glad i do n't have a facebook account . 
  / r/ireland is bad enough , but i can only imagine how unbearable facebook is now that voting day is less than a month away . 
  maturity , ladies and gentlemen . 
  it 's been discussed to death . 
  both sides refuse to listen to the other 's arguments anyway , so it 's an exercise in pointlessness . 
  even / r/ireland has essentially become a yes circlejerk . 
   i dunno why people are so against the no voters they do n't have a hope imho . 
  irish people love having somebody to be angry at . 
   but most people are just humble bragging about how tolerant they with their ` yes to equality ' profile pictures and going out of their way to point out how offended they are by the no side . 
  this . 
  you support equality ? 
  that 's great . 
  but why do you need to tell the world about that fact ? 
  some people are so desperate to get all that progressive liberal kudos . 
  i 'll fight you in the ball alley for that !, 
  a circlejerk is never a good thing . 
   so it was never going to be referendum that would benefit from debate, 
  but it benefits from childish name calling and tearing down posters you do n't like ? 
  to be fair , if you take political posters seriously ( regardless of the context ) you only have yourself to blame . 
   i 'd rather we suffered on and kept the conversation going for a couple more weeks . 
  what 's the point in doing so on / r/ireland though ? 
  it 's vote yes central here . 
  well , that 's their prerogative . 
   if that is the case , shame on you, 
  surely it 's better not to vote on something you have no interest in than casually voting and possibly affecting the outcome of something that does n't concern you but is important to other people ? 
  i think you 're failing to grasp the meaning of the term `` circlejerk '' . 
  a white knight approaches . 
   implying you 've spoken to any but your mom, 
   chubby virgin fingers . 
   projecting this much, 
  you feel bad because he 's right and you 're wrong ? 
  we are all anon . 
  we are all 4chan . 
  we are all faggots . 
   by that logic anyone voting no should n't be allowed vote as it does n't concern them . 
  they have a vested interest in the issue due to their beliefs and opinions , so it technically does concern them . 
  whereas in my case , i just do n't care enough about the referendum to pick a side and because of that i think abstaining is the best course of action . 
  `` ah jaysus joe , they 're putting glitter in the water to make us gay . '', 
  whoah , you 're getting ahead of yourself there , lad . 
  first we 'll need a committee to set up the inquiry . 
   i always do wonder what lead up to the extreme hatred for women . 
  if you 'd ever talked to one , you 'd know . 
   it is always better to vote than not to vote . 
  i 'd consider it selfish of me to contribute my vote to an issue that i have no interest in . 
  let the people who genuinely care decide . 
   they get equal airtime until the referendum happens, 
  and ? 
  if their arguments are shite , they 'll come across as such when challenged . 
  that 's how democracy works . 
   it 's not so much a ` does n't concern me ' type issue in my opinion . 
  maybe if i planned on having children i might be more interested , but i do n't . 
  i see little point in forcing myself have an interest in something that did n't catch my attention naturally in the first place . 
  and it 's not like people care that i 'm not voting - they care that i 'm not voting * yes * , and that ticks me off for some reason that i ca n't quite pin down . 
  i was pointing out the flaw in your reasoning that debate would n't benefit the referendum by highlighting things that yes campaigners are doing that does n't benefit the referendum either . 
   fuck the no voters, 
  nice 12-year old mentality you have towards a large segment of the irish population . 
  come to think of it , i do n't think you can legally own a sword where i live . 
  why would his mom say no to me ? 
  i see you do n't truly understand the meaning of the word `` circlejerk '' either . 
  what 's with all the normalfags in these threads ? 
  highly unlikely . 
  they did n't receive the funding and not even oni had an interest in the project . 
  just baiting the normalfags like yourself . 
  teach me how to be a normalfag . 
  well , the important thing is you managed to find a way to feel superior to a large portion of the irish population . 
  well done . 
   you could have just quietly informed yourself and then voted accordingly . 
  i am actually very well informed on the issue , if only in part due to the amount of time i 've spent discussing it on / r/ireland . 
  but then again , i waste a lot of time on the internet talking about things i do n't particularly care about . 
  tsugumi heavily ntrs chitoge in the vn if you follow the tsugumi path . 
  if a mongoose can carry 2 spartan iis , i 'm sure a fusion can handle 4 . 
   like ... you know that 's just ... contrarianism , yeah ? 
  and you know this how exactly ?
