  although i do n't agree with him , plenty of people still do ( and are entitled to ) hold conservative values . 
  let me amend what i said originally then : i see no problem with a school enforcing a reasonable dress code for anybody who enters their premises . 
  personal opinion , sure . 
  i ca n't see any justifiable reason for not having admittedly fairly basic dress codes in place though . 
  personal opinion , sure . 
  i ca n't see any justifiable reason for not having admittedly fairly basic dress codes in place though . 
  because it reflects poorly on the school to people in unsuitable attire on the premises . 
  no matter what way you slice it , pajamas are not suitable public/outdoor attire by design . 
  society . 
  you 're just being contrary for the sake of it . 
  we have established social norms for a reason , and not all of them are bad . 
  the baker might have thought i had notions then though . 
  there are better ways to achieve that . 
  there are better ways of keeping your legs warm without looking like a lazy lout . 
  actual knackers of the past were n't always travellers . 
  i dunno where you 're getting that from . 
  yes . 
  but the norms of society are decided by the majority . 
  thankfully the sort of people who wear pajamas in public are n't in the majority . 
  does n't tell me anything actually . 
  there 's always gon na be dicks no matter what society you 're a part of . 
  you 're acting like those people on tumblr who disregard facts in favour of feelings . 
   some people, 
  unless society thinks that as a whole ( or even just a majority ) , it still does n't really reflect on irish society . 
  you 're trying to make something a bigger deal than it actually is . 
   why thankfully ? 
  because i think it 's reasonable to assume that the vast majority of irish people do n't want to see people walking around in pajamas on a daily basis . 
   and do you think you can really extrapolate from what they wear to the `` sort of people '' they are ? 
  a lot actually . 
  many people , including myself , have pointed out many such extrapolations in this this thread so far . 
   travellers have a long history in ireland , they did n't just pop up in the 19th or 20th centuries you know . 
  i 'm well aware of that . 
  i 'm from a part of the country where they have always had a strong presence . 
  think about what exactly ? 
  whenever i listen to it , all they 're doing is playing morse code . 
   ha ha are you on about mondos daughter ?? 
  i literally have no idea . 
  the characters in that show have some fierce weird names though . 
   from what i 've gather a lot of `` child actors '' tend to be more on the speech and drama end of the spectrum , where annunciation takes precedence over behaviour . 
  i sorta guessed that myself . 
  still , there 's a time and place for those sort of skills , and when you 're trying to semi-simulate real life in a soap , that 's not the sort of acting you want . 
  also , i 've heard that a lot of the adult actors were trained as stage actors and that does n't translate particularly well to a soap format . 
  christ almighty , i do n't even watch the show and i think i know the kid you 're referring to from back when my parents used to watch it . 
  between the numerous beggars and the seemingly never ending number of charity workers collecting money , cork city centre is a money minefield if you 're the kind who ca n't control their empathy/sympathy . 
  well , fair play for admitting it at least . 
  yeah , i know what you 're talking about . 
  now i ca n't criticise dublin 's junkie problem with impunity for fear of being a hypocrite . 
  this is exceptionally true . 
  american dating culture can be frighteningly forward for most irish people . 
  apparently . 
  it 's still on the air after all . 
  i was n't aware that owning a gun could instill a sense of pride in somebody ... 
  nothing , because she does n't exist . 
  eh , even if the likes of sopa came into play , the pirates would always find a way around it . 
  it would just be a hassle , that 's all . 
  i fail to see how . 
  tried the former when i was home during my time off over the summer . 
  he threw a massive tantrum and my parents forced me to remove the password because they were at their wits end . 
  the latter would n't be advisable either because the computer actually belongs to my mother . 
  yeah , it 's a d1000 model . 
  would you be able to maybe give me a link/advice on how to do that ? 
  this is n't exactly my area of expertise . 
   pick him up by the ears and explain that there 's more important things in life than his hourly wank, 
  i would , but the fucker is taller and stronger than me . 
  it 's been about 3 years since he went off the rails , and nothing anybody has tried has worked . 
  nor do we understand why he has become an utter tool . 
  like , it 's definitely not my parents fault , and all things considered myself and my 2 other siblings turned out pretty normal . 
  all i 'll say is that i 'm glad i do n't live at home any more . 
  my brother is wired in , i 'm not . 
  thanks man !, 
  i 'm posting from my mobile at the moment , so i do n't have any exact figures to hand . 
  there 's not actually a lot of data being transferred , but i imagine that the use of the vpn eats up a nice bit of bandwidth . 
  do you envisage an issue based on my data traffic ? 
  accessing a database and retrieving files mostly . 
  i occasionally have to upload some files , but not very often . 
  the pdf you provided does seem to outline pretty well how to go about it ( i think - i 've only given the relevant section a brief read so far ) . 
  it 's from the web-based configurator i would make all these changes , yes ? 
   essentially you go into the pre defined classes and change the priority of ethernet so it is last and then enable qos and you should be goog to go . 
  ah , so that makes the wlan the priority , which makes sense as my laptop is connected wirelessly . 
   if not you might have to create a new class for wlan and make its priority the highest, 
  i understand what you mean here , but as it stands , i 'm not 100 % sure if i 'd know how to go about this . 
  hopefully it does n't come to that . 
  will do . 
  thanks man - you 've been a great help already . 
  okay , i 've hit a bit of a wall . 
  i ca n't find any predefined classes , but i 'm looking at the queues and i ca n't tell which is what as they are all just q1 , q2 , etc. 
  might i have to go ahead and create a new class for the wlan ? 
  i need to add the mac address to the list of what ? 
  the vpn set-up is quite good in my experience , as i access it on an almost daily basis when i 'm back at my own house where the internet is better . 
  we have google drive and dropbox accounts for non-critical work , but access to the company database is crucial for most tasks . 
  let me assure you ; absolutely * everything * has been tried . 
  but his stubbornness would be admirable were it not so twisted . 
  i 'm working on setting up the qos at the moment . 
  it seems doable , but may take some time . 
  no , but it certainly detracts from the `` oppressed working class '' image they might be trying to convey . 
  ... i 'm not sure how to reply to a statement this retarded . 
  these things take time . 
  a kebab removal golden age , so it was . 
  serbia will need something big to legitimise its current title as most renowned kebab-remover . 
  my powers of deduction ca n't determine whether you are a white knight or an actual internet feminist .
