  a lot of people support sanders too . 
  your point being ? 
  i dunno why you 're being downvoted . 
  an element of the recent immigration deal struck with turkey was fast-tracking turkey 's eu membership bid . 
   it 's actually about the best answer to a fairly dumb question ( about why he has 50 % women . . not about questions in this thread , 
  it 's not really . 
  all it does is attempt to make liberal policies immune to criticism . 
  who pissed in your cereal ? 
  3 kills ? 
  i thought only 1 f-117 was ever shot down ? 
  i take it you do n't really know how geopolitics works , do you ? 
  bad policy * in your opinion * . 
  regardless , i 've always found judging the policies of us candidates during the primaries to be hilarious , because they always change tack when in the actual presidential race . 
  hillary will do it , and i expect trump to do the same . 
  and far more densely populated . 
   and made some shitty tanks that some wheraboos can jack off to . 
  they were n't all shitty . 
  the greatest problem most of them suffered from was being designed for the wrong kind of warfare . 
  and ? 
   policies which would not withstand legal or moral scrutiny, 
  morals are subjective . 
  and i 'll believe that his policies are illegal when i see them challenged in court . 
   for example , banning muslims from entering the country ( even for a short period ) is morally indefensible, 
  no it 's not . 
  again , subjective morals . 
   as they are refuges fleeing violence, 
  all muslims moving to america are fleeing violence . 
  til . 
   and we should help them, 
  says who ? 
   and legally indefensible since the us government can not discriminate on the basis of religion . 
  while this is the only accurate part of your comment , i do n't imagine that it would be very difficult to get around this if the legislation was spun correctly . 
  somebody had to back down even a small bit for the stalemate to be broken . 
  europe was actually very concerned about the balkans conflict as it had the potential to trigger another continent-wide war as it had happened in ww1 . 
  but this was also the reason that they were quite unwilling to get directly involved ( a global lack of understanding when it came to the complexities of the balkans also hindered things ) . 
  but for a myriad of post-cold war geo-political reasons , the usa became very interested in what was going on in the balkans and spearheaded a un task force to deal with the situation . 
  so yes , it was a case of the us playing world police . 
  a net positive result for once too . 
  but if you do n't want your country doing this sort of thing , i suggest you ask your government nicely . 
  meanwhile we in europe will continue to cut military spending . 
  that 's good . 
  magnificent counter-point . 
  you sure showed me !, 
  how will i ever recover from such a devastating blow ? 
  so this is what it 's like to witness the work of a true hero ... 
   however you ca n't deny that in these weird little fantasies they * have the person doing the cuckolding is always a shade darker than themselves . 
  but how would that be racist though ? 
  the fantasy in that particular context involves a black male having sex with the white male 's wife/girlfriend . 
  this puts the white male in an inherently inferior position . 
  why would racists perpetuate such a fantasy and/or use it as a racial insult ? 
  the only person that gets portrayed in a negative light when the insult `` cuck '' is used is the cuckold , which in the context you described is the white male . 
  i 'm not trying to be contentious - i just do n't follow the logic you 're inferring . 
  you 're acting if the germans were the only faction that had tank issues during ww2 . 
  no , i 'm not going to deny for a second that german tanks did suffer from overengineering - it was their primary flaw throughout the war . 
  however , the allies had tank issues aplenty too . 
  the soviets may have had the t-34 and kv-1 , but their deployment was flawed and they generally had to be fielded in greater numbers to take out a lesser numbers of german tanks due to issues with penetration and better guns on the german tanks ( e.g. 
  battle of kursk ) . 
  the british did n't produce a natively-developed tank that could penetrate a tiger or panther at all angles until very late in the war . 
  their only heavy tank was the archaic churchill . 
  they fielded a myriad of other lighter tanks that were usually too specialised for specific purposes ( due to pre-war tank doctrine ) to be widely effective in battle . 
  the americans faired a bit better , but it took an awful long time for them to perfect the m4 . 
  they lacked heavy tanks too which caused unforeseen issues after d-day . 
  the americans also suffered from out-dated tank warfare doctrine from the pre-war period , which in their case resulted in them fielding a comparatively large number of fragile tank destroyers . 
  although reasonably effective in their roles , they were often fielded as regular tanks due to the americans having to adapt to german tank warfare . 
  these glass cannons did n't have a chance against german tank guns . 
  and the less said about french tanks the better . 
   in the fantasy they are not the `` cuck '' , i thought that was obvious . 
  it 's the liberal/sjw/anyone they disagree with that is too weak or unwilling to stand up to the savage darkies . 
  the fantasy is that it 's only the `` race realists '' that are aware enough and strong enough to recognise the threat and resist it . 
  huh , i never considered that angle . 
  i now see what you mean about the insult not being inherently racist but having a racist connotation . 
  i 'll be honest though , in my experience at least , i would think that the majority of people who use the term as an insult do n't consciously factor in the racist element . 
   we all are complicit in the destabilisation of the middle east and torture etc. 
  yeah , sure , whatever you say ... 
  also , you would n't need `` official neutrality '' to be legitimately opposed to certain forms of immigration . 
  ca n't stump . 
  ... who are operating predominantly out of syria and iraq . 
  to target isis , you would have to attack targets in syria . 
   the french inflicted some heavy casualties on german armor , do some research before commenting . 
  yes , in archaic post-ww1 designs against predominantly panzer i-iiis . 
  like , do n't get me wrong , the french tanks were formidable , but they were designed to fight a ww1 style war , not combat a blitzkrieg . 
  i would n't consider the panzer i-iii to be paragons of german tank design anyway , and by the time of the eastern offensive they had been largely phased out of production . 
  so yeah , i 've done my research and stand by what i 've said - there 's not much worth saying about french tanks because they were outdated when the war started and did n't do much of relevance . 
   tank-on-tank warfare was quite rare to occur outside of major battles . 
  there was no need to have a high velocity gun to take out a tank when you could direct artillery or airstrikes . 
  it was far more practical to mount a high caliber , low-velocity gun on a tank to engage infantry as that was what a tank would engage 90 % of the time . 
  i thought we were talking purely about the merits of the tanks here , not the overall strategy of battle ? 
   german tank doctrine was radically different from other western doctrines . 
  it did n't mean that the germans were better , nor did it mean they were worse . 
  german tanks adequately performed their role but were not practical in their application . 
  they took too long to produce , cost to much too produce , cost too much to operate , cost too much to repair, 
  i agree with everything you say there . 
  in a single term , `` over-engineering '' . 
   and wasted valuable german resources that would have been far more effectively used if allotted to upgraded variants of the pz . 
  iv or jgdpz . 
  iii . 
  yes and no . 
  the pz . 
  iv was arguably the most * effective * tank the germans produced , and the likes of the pz . 
  iv h was able to hold its own during the tank engagements of the eastern offensive .
