  we had our debate about it in the past , it was legalised , and now we 're debating abortion . 
  bringing it into the abortion debate just muddies the waters . 
   fertilised eggs ca n't be considered life, 
  i do n't believe i said they were ( it * is * a matter of perspective for many people though ) . 
  but unlike an individual sperm or egg , they have the potential to become life in a short space of time and thus would be considered by many to be a life * in development * . 
  look , i 'm willing to admit that one of the most contentious issues in the whole abortion debate is defining the point at which life begins . 
  there are so many different opinions on the matter ( even within the scientific community ) , and on the extreme end of the scale some would even consider the pill to be a form of abortion . 
  i do n't think we should let the abortion debate become bogged down in this particular issue though , because for most people it 's a moral debate rather than a biological one . 
  look , i 'm not saying it 's * right * that tone should be so important in persuading people , but it is - it 's just human nature . 
  also , your implications that people on the pro-choice side are more intelligent than pro-life people and that conservatives are inherently inferior is part of the problem . 
  i think what bothers a lot of moderates on the pro-life side of the debate ( which in my experience are the silent majority of that demographic ) is n't that that they agree with the 8th amendment , it 's that they fear the pandora 's box that will be unleashed if it is repealed . 
  nobody is making rational proposals for what should replace it , hence the specter of abortion on demand is a real possibility . 
  there 's a tesco ( finest ? ), 
  brand black pudding that i 've found to be a decent alternative to clonakilty . 
  discovered it a couple of years ago when i was a bit short on cash . 
  not really a fan of white pudding though . 
  i did n't ask for a debate on the equivalence of vasectomies to abortions ( because there is none ) . 
  i 've outlined why they 're not comparable . 
  there 's not much more i need to do on the matter . 
  also , what solution are you referring to ? 
  it reads like the prologue of an ace combat game . 
  i would n't call what has been happening since the 8th amendment to be a `` discussion '' . 
  certainly not a civilised one anyway . 
   that 's what this comes down to, 
  no it does n't . 
  the issue is far more complex than that and you know it . 
  stop painting it as a black and white issue . 
  you 're just forcing the divides wider and creating tensions in what is already a contentious debate . 
   but i really just do not believe that the mother 's bodily autonomy should be trumped by a fetus ( or zygote , if it 's that early on ) . 
  if the sex was consensual , she should have been well aware of the fact that pregnancy is one of the inherent risks of even protected sex . 
  and in my opinion , if you consent to the risk of pregnancy , you consent to the risk of losing your `` bodily autonomy '' for 9 months . 
   nothing quite like the abortion debate to bring out the worst in this sub . 
  some here are so obsessed with making sure that everyone gets the exact same amount of speaking time that they 'll actively oppose an ideology because it refuses to molly coddle those who are actively trying to deny half our population basic human rights . 
  so , `` worst of this sub '' = people who do n't agree with me . 
   the right to bodily autonomy is more important than the anti-choicers desire to have their opinions be liked/agreed with . 
  they have the right to hold these opinions . 
  nothing more than that . 
  `` no - wrong again ! '', 
  the irony of this reply is that you 're the exact type of person many people in this thread are describing when they talk about those who give the pro-choice campaign a bad name . 
  i 'm hardly gon na deny that women have drawn the short straw biologically , but i 'm not going to cross my own morals just because of that fact . 
  fetus = life in development, 
  mother = already existing life, 
  i maintain that both are highly valuable and important , but in cases of rape or risk to the mother 's life , the value of the already existing life supersedes that of the life in development . 
  however , as i 've outlined , it takes very serious circumstances for me to be willing to put one above the other . 
   so you wo n't address the content of my comments at all then ? 
  there was no content to address . 
  just bile , arrogance , and hatred . 
   you and your ilk spit vile and then turn around and cry foul when pro choice people do n't want to mince their words with you . 
  me and my `` ilk '' are being perfectly polite . 
  it 's you who is `` spitting vile '' . 
   you 're present in every abortion thread on this sub and are never anything less than vitriolic, 
  care to provide an example of said vitriol ? 
   yet never seem to be concerned that you 're alienating people from your personal crusade, 
  yet oddly i 'm getting more support for my opinions in this comments section than i ever have received before in / r/ireland . 
   it seems to be a standard you only apply to those you disagree with . 
  that does n't even make any sense , friendo . 
  mechagamezilla was good when he actually uploaded videos . 
  but now he appears to have gone the way of his good friend fitzthistlewitz . 
   maybe you do n't consider it vitriolic . 
  i think it 's sexist , crass and profoundly devoid of empathy . 
  facts ca n't be sexist or crass , and nor can they be empathetic . 
   yet every time you vomit your opinions onto this sub , you do n't seem too deeply concerned that it will turn people away from your anti-choice cause, 
  but most people ( even here ) find my viewpoint reasonable once i explain it to them . 
  only the most die-hard pro-choice people do n't like it because i 'm opposed to abortion on demand . 
  so yeah , i 'm no more `` vomiting opinions '' than anybody else here . 
  or would you prefer this subreddit to be a circlejerk where only opinions you agree with are permitted ? 
   it 's just that , an opinion, 
  i disagree . 
  if you consent to sex , you also consent to the consequences/risks of sex . 
  i fail to see how that could be disputed , hence it 's a fact . 
   you do n't like how some pro-choice people express their opinions and think their tone alone invalidates their position, 
  whoa whoa , i * never * said that it invalidates their position . 
   you 're asking them to be unemotional, 
  no i 'm not . 
  as i 've said in other comments , this is an emotive ( and moral issue ) . 
  it would be ridiculous to ask people to disregard their emotions in the debate . 
  all i 'm asking is for certain members of the pro-choice campaign to stop being smug , holier-than-thou cunts because ( a ) it 's annoying , and ( b ) it 's actually detrimental to their campaign - which is something i outlined in my very first comment here today . 
   you could try a matiz which is < 1l, 
  do n't . 
  the bloody thing will fall apart around you and unless you 're doing nothing but city driving , you 'll be woefully underpowered . 
  genuinely not . 
  but a plan should be in place for what will be done after the amendment is repealed . 
  you ca n't just play something as delicate and contentious as this by year . 
   is this legitimate enough reason ? 
  somebody who discovers their pregnant and does n't want to have the child should be made to have it simply because it would be nice if they did ? 
  it 's not about what is `` nice '' , it 's about what an individual believes is * right * and * justified * based on their own morals . 
  as i 've outlined in other comments , abortion is a moral and emotive issue far more than it is a biological or scientific issue . 
  that 's why it 's so hard for either side to win supporters from the opposing camp ; people are slow to alter their morals . 
   the child then has to be raised by parents who would have rather end it 's life before it was born . 
  adoption exists y' know ? 
  yes , and ? 
  nothing he said was particularly inaccurate . 
   i do n't know about the rest but did n't the nazis have a lot of boots on the ground attacking and intimidating people to get into power ? 
  not that i agree with the bullshit trump-hitler comparisons , but the nazis earned their parliamentary seats legitmately . 
  but it was from that point onwards that hitler started being a * tad * undemocratic . 
   but clinton is actually a good candidate in general, 
  despite being a corrupt , lying , warhawk ? 
  sure there 'll be great heat in the place if it does . 
  vote trump for a cozy winter . 
  nobody said he was a nice person .
