  in this * one particular case * , i do think i am better informed than most of the emotionally-blinded people on this subreddit . 
  i think this because if a person was aware of the facts , there is no way they could so blindly align themselves with one side in this conflict . 
  there are simply no two ways about it . 
   all i see of this high ground so far is complaining about downvotes and criticising the vast majority of people here for being incapable of critical thought . 
  just calling it as we see it . 
  hard to do anything else when nobody is willing to counter our assertion that the conflict is n't black and white like so many people on / r/ireland seem to think it is . 
   and then went on to talk about opinions being manipulated . 
  by the victors . 
  what are you not following here ? 
  `` history is written by the victors '' is a well-known phrase that summarizes how opinions on historical events can be swayed by the `` victors '' . 
  but this is exactly the type of emotionally charged content/event that makes people blind to the facts about the conflict and causes them to take sides . 
  there is absolutely nothing wrong with this vigil in itself , but the inability of people to separate empathy for children from completely demonizing the people who caused their deaths is a significant problem . 
  do n't i know it . 
  and there i was thinking / r/ireland had slightly more common sense than your average subreddit . 
  taking sides in a conflict such as this one is pointless and rather asinine . 
  so , you think mainstream history is full of nothing but absolute truths ? 
  if your answer is yes , then we have reached an impasse . 
  explain what ? 
  why taking sides in a conflict where both sides have done despicable things and the background to which is complicated as fuck is a bad idea ? 
   the fact that you 're using the term ` mainstream history ', 
  the history that is accepted by the majority and that you will most likely find in junior cert history books . 
  form opinions all you want - but at least try to base them on the facts at hand . 
  well , your junior cert history book must have been better than mine . 
  and sarcasm helps ? 
   given the history of ireland i 'm amazed people here still support the israeli government 's campaign of imperialism and murder . 
  i 'm no supporter of israel , but to an extent , i can understand their reasons for the current attack on gaza . 
  their methods and arrogance leave a lot to be desired though . 
  i agree with everything you said . 
  but , at the same time , if hamas truly cared about the people it supposedly represents , it would n't be breaking nearly every ceasefire that has been brokered in the region in recent years . 
  although elected by the palestinian people , i am often highly skeptical as to whether hamas has the best interests of the palestinian people at heart . 
  you certainly do n't use them as human shields if you do . 
  in addition , while i 'm no supporter of israel , to an extent i can understand their reasons for the current attack on gaza . 
  their methods and arrogance leave a lot to be desired though . 
   this is important and you have to ask yourself why would people vote in a terrorist organisation over a democratic government ? 
  id say people are voting for the side that promises to fight for them . 
  actually , before this current conflict , support for hamas was at an all time low . 
  and the iron dome only covers major urban areas . 
  you do n't . 
  so while i do n't really like israel 's methods , they do n't really have any alternatives in how they go about this operation . 
  well that 's not the impression i 've got over the past few days if i 'm honest . 
  it 's 4am where i am and i 'm the only one still awake in the house . 
  probably not . 
  i come from a large extended family of people who are shit with computers to the point that having a reddit account would be well beyond their abilities . 
  if we ca n't trust the bbc , there is no international news source worth following . 
  name them . 
  because i ca n't think of any major news sources without some degree of bias . 
   bbc are n't doing their job as they should . 
  i 've been following their coverage on their 24 hour news channel , and it seems as balanced as can be to me . 
  well , it 's about as messy . 
  in that case you 're an arrogant prick . 
  pennies are pennies . 
  how many times has this appeared in / r/ireland recently ? 
  so my inability to understand a random internet webcomic makes me inferior to you ? 
  good to know , your highness . 
  sensationalist headline . 
  if the moron had obeyed the very simple law , she would n't be going to jail . 
  nor will any other homeschooling parents . 
  not available in europe last time i checked though . 
  *** they made a sequel ?!!, 
  david eisenhower on the left : `` you 'll always be the president of my heart . '', 
  y' know , the one featuring the girls with breasts bigger than their heads . 
  15 years old ?!, 
  but i only bought my [ edgemaster ] ( http://curbdepot.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/edgemaster_800_s_4ced6b97c362f.jpg ) last week !, 
   not your personal search engine . 
  google it . 
  i stopped taking mine after a year . 
  they were n't making me feel better or worse and were costing me $ 30 a month . 
  not worth the risk . 
  once i get my wizard powers when i hit 30 though , i 'll vanquish false rape claims from existence . 
  i was very surprised when i had no withdrawal effects at all . 
  seriously , i might as well have been eating m&m s for all the effect those pills had on me overall . 
  yeah , because israel is the only one endangering civilians and non-military personnel in the conflict ... / s, 
  educate yourself . 
  ( sorry about the / r/worldnews link , but i prefer to let people make the decision whether they want to visit a website or not ) . 
  because the israeli military is more powerful than hamas , they are automatically more to blame for the conflict . 
  if given the resources israel has , hamas would be doing the same and worse to israeli civilians . 
  why must we always support the underdog regardless of the context ? 
  you 've just shown your hand , buddy . 
  now we all know what kind of ignorant moron you really are . 
  i 've no problem with doing this as a symbolic act of support for the palestinian people ( because it sure as hell wo n't have any impact on israel ) , but why do we * have * to take sides in this conflict ? 
  it 's asinine and counterproductive . 
  that 's a noble sentiment , but by participating in acts of protest against the israelis , you are implicitly taking one of two sides in the conflict . 
  and unfortunately , it appears to the casual observer that people who boycott and protest against israel are taking the side of hamas and believe that their causes/actions are just . 
  if allowed to export , boycotting gaza would be just as pointless as boycotting israel . 
  hamas has clearly shown that they have their own sources for weapons ( e.g. 
  iran ) , so you 'd only end up hurting the palestinian people even further . 
  ** edit : ** i 'm pretty sure the content of my comments is being ignored at this point . 
  this comment is a perfectly factual statement . 
  how can you have a problem with facts ? 
  seriously , fuck this subreddit at times . 
  actually , with a few exceptions , the tech used to launch the missiles that hamas uses ( especially the bigger ones ) can be reused and takes time to assemble/disassemble . 
  hence why one of the idf 's primary goals is to eliminate launch sites with the hope of destroying the equipment that hamas uses to launch missiles ( and any missiles on site too ) . 
  however , the speed with which they can react is based largely on how quickly they receive the intelligence . 
  i 'm not arguing with you - i 'm just saying what your position would appear to be to the casual observer . 
  the only way we can avoid misunderstandings like this is through education and clarification , two things the protests against the war in gaza usually fail to do - hence coming across as support for hamas . 
  ~ ~ i fail to see your point , nor how it is relevant to the topic at hand . ~ ~, 
  fucking misread `` palestinians '' as `` pakistanis '' . 
  my bad . 
  but by taking the side of the palestinians , we 're implicitly supporting hamas . 
  the ongoing settlement program in palestinian land is wrong - i do n't think many people can argue with that .
