  listen and take what they say into consideration , yes . 
  let the child make the decision , no . 
  i attended all boys schools right up until i went to college , and i do n't believe i suffered any negative effects . 
  i grew up in a rural area and you actually did n't have the option of a mixed secondary school within a 20 mile radius . 
  there was one mixed primary school , but it was n't as popular as the segregated ones . 
   i think having gender integrated schools is good for students . 
  i think most of the arguments for segregation are based on rather traditional views that have no place in modern society , but i 'm open to correction . 
  i think you have a typo there . 
  personally , i see no distinct advantages or disadvantages to either type of school , hence the option for either should be available . 
  no - i believe parents should have a choice . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  is that not an unrelated problem regarding the quality of education in individual schools though ? 
  sorry , but i just ca n't support a nanny state of this level . 
  * should * be available . 
  it 's obviously not the case as it stands , but where the choice is available , it should remain . 
  is that reasonable ? 
   you keep using that word ( technically ) . 
  i do n't think it means what you think it means . 
  i know exactly what it means , and i do n't think i 've misused it . 
  yes , because that 's * obviously * what happens in most cases of a parent slapping their child . 
  i think it 's you who is doing the rusing , m8 . 
  what 's wrong with hanging out with people of the same gender ? 
  that last paragraph you quoted is utter rubbish . 
  that 's some * wonderful * logic you 've got there , lad . 
  are you an idiot ? 
  which is something i always find bizarre , since tyrone is the name of a county in nothern ireland ; a place so white , the whites have to be racist towards each other . 
   well do you consider saudi society odd ? 
  where women can not talk to men they are not related to . 
  what is the right level of egalitarianism in relationships between sexes ? 
  the level that allows men and women to go and have a meal with members of the same sex without it being called into question . 
   but we are to the saudi side of that line . 
  are we too far to that side ? 
  of course not . 
  jesus christ , get a grip !, 
  i would n't say we 're exactly correct ( what society truly is ? 
  ) , but we 're not too far off it . 
  think about it . 
  if it 's not ownership , i do n't know what you 'd call it . 
  `` guardianship '' sounds like a bit of a euphemism to me . 
  you do n't own the birds . 
   cats should not be allowed wander the streets attacking what they like . 
  sure they can . 
  unlike a dog , a there 's no real chance of a cat attacking a person ( provided you do n't provoke it ) . 
  cat 's are n't the same as dogs . 
  it can have negative effects on them if their freedom is curtailed . 
  in a way , they value their independence . 
   i hate cats , i do n't want them anywhere near me , i do n't want them on my property, 
  that 's your problem . 
  there are no laws requiring people to keep their cats indoors , but there are laws against animal cruelty such as intentionally killing another person 's pet . 
  well that 's incredibly stupid and would hope to see that changed in my lifetime . 
  hell , the primary reason my family has always had cats is to keep vermin such as rats and mice out of our house . 
  i know a few establishments in my hometown that would occasionally feed the cats that lived behind their buildings with leftovers so that they would stay around and keep the rats/mice at bay . 
  mutually beneficial relationship . 
  after all , it 's been said that cats were one of the few species that approached humans rather than being actively domesticated by humans . 
  dogs can attack people and seriously injure them . 
  cats wo n't unless provoked and most likely wo n't cause severe damage . 
  to be fair , i think / u/revolutionarycommie is the most unrepentant cat hater in this thread . 
  because the way he phrased his comment implies that they 're wild birds . 
  ** edit : ** he just stated himself that they were wild birds he was talking about . 
  angry , but you 're required by law to control your dog . 
  such laws do n't exist for cats . 
  not mentioned on your list , but i 'd advise you to stay away from either battlefield 4 or hardline . 
  graphical downgrades aside , you 're getting a somewhat diluted experience in terms of maps , gametypes , and the number of players per team . 
  actually , it might well be your problem too because you failed to properly control your dog , which you are required to do by law . 
   would you be happy if another cat constantly came onto your property and attacked and killed your cats which are kept in your garden ? 
  would that be tolerable ? 
  that happens . 
  most cat owners who leave their cats roam know that fights between cats happen . 
  it 's unfortunate , but that 's the risk you take when you leave them outside . 
  cat 's are exceptionally territorial . 
  now , if one cat was constantly coming and attacking my cat , i would take steps to deter that cat , but i would n't go as far as killing it because i 'm not mental . 
  what the fuck is wrong with you people ? 
  you 're going out of your way to justify poisoning other people 's pets . 
  it helps keep the rats/mice at bay . 
  that 's a benefit in my book . 
   i 'm saying that the problem lies in there not being legislation that tells cat owners to keep control over their cat the same way dog owners are required to . 
  the primary reason such legislation exists is to prevent dogs attacking people . 
  there is no such problem with cats ( unless provoked ) . 
  also , i take issue with keeping cats ( and dogs ) confined indoors . 
  they are not indoor animals and desire to go outside . 
  however , it 's easier to make your garden escape-proof for a dog than it is for a cat . 
  cat 's are escape artists of the highest degree . 
   there are no laws against placing poison, 
  in the context at hand , what else was that meant to imply ? 
  regardless , it was more of an open ended question directed at all the people who just really seem to have a bone to pick with cats in this thread . 
  i do n't even own a cat any more because i live in an apartment , but the ignorant attitudes towards the more `` wild '' nature of cats in this thread is really irksome . 
  his retardation aside , he hit the nail on the head . 
  i fail to see how he 's incorrect . 
  because my preference does n't involve supposedly civil people trying to kill people 's pets . 
  also , and maybe this is just personal preference , but i 'd rather have cats around than mice and rats . 
  half the burdens being listed in these threads are people complaining about cats killing their pet fish and birds - that were kept outside . 
  double standard , no ? 
  still does n't justify killing a cat . 
  it 's not like the cat killed something you owned . 
  and as somebody who is fascinated by crows myself , let me tell you that its one cat in a million that would be able to take on a crow . 
   cats are not a natural part of the eco system unlike birds and other wild animals hence their greater threat to the local wildlife, 
  humans did n't invent cats . 
  they used to be wild and were found in the vast majority of places in the world . 
  that does n't address what i said ; there 's still the issue of people who want to kill other people 's pets . 
  also , as i said in another comment , keeping a cat contained to something like a back garden is virtually impossible .
