  i 'm only in my early 20 's . 
  i quit therapy for 2 reasons ; ( 1 ) for a brief period last june i genuinely thought things were getting better and that i was overcoming my depression , and ( 2 ) i was constantly running out of things to say during my sessions . 
  in my 20 + years on this planet , i have never found something i truly enjoyed , let alone was even good at . 
  that was okay while i was still in school - i focused on my academia and that kept me occupied . 
  i had a narrow focus , but it prevented me from realising how empty my life was actually becoming . 
  that realisation hit me like a freight train when i left for college , and released years of bottled up anxiety and anguish . 
  in the end i had to drop out of college ( although not the sole reason ) because i just could n't function . 
  i have good friends , but i do n't forge emotional attachments easily . 
  i do n't like the prospect of basing my happiness on somebody else , as i 've always been a thoroughly independent person . 
  nor do i open up easily even to people i trust . 
  my depression has prevented me from forging new friendships or relationships , so i 'm stuck in a rut with regard to that aspect of my life too . 
  srs really needs to fix those leaks in their vaginas - all the sand is spilling out onto the rest of the site . 
  eh , it 's not on my hands personally . 
  your naivety amuses me . 
  not worth the effort - likely impossible too . 
  jeez , god forbid the girl might accept * some * responsibility for her actions . 
  and she is n't exactly a victim of sexual assault based on the evidence at hand ( i.e. 
  the photos showing her giving bj 's to 2 guys ) , so the old `` victim blaming '' defense does n't work here . 
  hence why i said `` the evidence at hand '' . 
  at the moment we have proof of the oral sex , but not the sexual assault . 
  that 's a strawman - photos are more concrete a form of evidence than a solitary personal account . 
  i can see no way of arguing against that fact . 
  you 're misunderstanding my point since you have forgotten the reason we are even having a debate in the first place . 
  you brought up victim blaming in relation to the * alleged * sexual assault , and all i did was point out that doing so was stupid as we do n't even have evidence that the sexual assault took place - * unlike * the oral sex incident , which we are free to speculate on since we know it happened . 
   you 're voiding her personal account based on pictures of a supposedly different incident . 
  i 'm doing nothing of the sort . 
  i 'm just saying we have concrete evidence that one event occurred and none that a separate incident occurred . 
  here we go ... . 
  [ ] ( / calmdowntwilight ) this is my favourite subreddit because it 's great to get together with other bronys and marvel at the hater 's idiocy as it unfolds . 
  shine on you crazy diamonds !, 
  thanks very much !, 
  i found it on hulu plus and signed up for the free trial . 
  very strange film . 
  got a source on the first one , bandalo ? 
  that appears to be in what i can only assume is spanish - luckily the [ english version ] ( http://toonbat.deviantart.com/art/death-by-clopfic-328858178 ) was linked in the description . 
  yep , but only at certain times of the day . 
  that said , it 's still great fun and seems to be where a surprisingly large bulk of the skilled players seem to be staying , as opposed to halo 4 . 
  i will say however , that having gone back to reach after having played quite a bit of halo 3 and 4 recently , the weapon bloom is * very * annoying . 
  even moreso than i found it before halo 4 came out . 
  try platinum - almost everybody uses mics there because it is almost impossible to survive without working as a team . 
  ah , me3 multiplayer - something everybody thought would be crap and then turned out to be actually rather brilliant . 
  i agree . 
  halo 3 is a great game , but in * some * ways reach actually improved on it . 
  in reach , the weapons actually feel like weapons for one thing . 
  are you actually serious ? 
  please tell me you 're being sarcastic . 
  yeah , but they 're ridiculously expensive usually . 
  gamestop is still charging $ 65 !, 
  ford focus - nobody would bat an eye . 
  does it say this anywhere on the garda or rsa website though ? 
  just want to check for sure . 
  i was there yesterday , and i could n't get over how high the prices were . 
  a definitely agree with you on argos . 
  they 're usually quite expensive , but they occasionally have fantastic deals . 
   the whole thing does seem a bit vague to be honest . 
  typical ireland !, 
  would it be worth inquiring at the garda station as to what their official stance on the topic is ? 
  i 've never heard of any being prosecuted , but i think it 's all down to the discretion of the garda who stops you - which is a bit stupid . 
  i 'm not a native , but there 's none in the greater city area that i know of . 
  besides , xtravision are n't the cheapest for games usually . 
   make a photocopy of cert and licence before you post the originals off . 
  it is not unusual for mistakes to be made with you new licence or for the originals to be mislaid . 
  they 're valuable documents with a cheque , send them by registered post . 
  i 'm planning on bringing the forms and such to the tax office myself - one of the journeys i 'm hoping to make by car . 
  well , way to bring a downer on everything . 
  i have 2 student id cards , with 2 different expiry dates - neither of which are accurate . 
  i 'm gon na be getting discounts long after i finish college , and since retailers have no way of double checking , for all they know i still am a student . 
  i consider myself rather moralistic , but i 'm not gon na let a discount card go to waste . 
   so if you consider pregnancy , why do n't you consider all those other issues ? 
  because statistically a young woman is quite likely to get pregnant . 
  you can say this with greater certainty than you could about almost any of the other issues . 
   this means that the woman will miss less than 1 % of her prospective career having a child . 
  implying that she will stay with the company for her entire career . 
  it 's ireland , for reference . 
  the more i read some of the excellent replies to this post , the more i am inclined to agree with that sentiment . 
  this may be a great idea in theory , but it rarely applies in the real world . 
  first of all , i live in ireland - not the usa . 
  secondly , i 'm not actually a business owner . 
  and finally , nobody said you actually have to * say * that gender is the reason you did n't hire a candidate . 
  because it 's not pc to ask about your personal family life in an interview , so the only thing an interviewing panel can operate off in that case is the statistics for the female gender , which indicates that young women are highly likely to have children . 
  ethics can be subjective . 
  you misunderstand . 
  maternity leave is given around the time a woman is pregnant/giving birth . 
  it 's given regardless of whether the woman plans to be the primary care giver or not . 
  of course not . 
  but at the same time , from a * purely * profit-making standpoint , it would be hard to critique the company 's policy . 
   also i can imagine that the motivation for your male employees can drop if you do n't employ any young woman . 
  you will miss on a lot of potential employees , too . 
  wait , what ?!, 
  that sounds incredibly sexist to me . 
  this is exactly the kind of situation i was talking about in my original post . 
  jesus , calm the hell down - i 've been answering the questions i deem important to be answered for the continuation of the debate . 
  i find this whole debate interesting and believe me , i 'm reading every single comment . 
  of course it 's illegal , but it 's very hard to prove that discrimination on this basis occurs . 
   a month of maternity leave . 
  you mean many months - almost a year in some cases . 
  also , a woman is far more likely to become pregnant than a man is to go to jail , die on the job , and so on . 
  nope . 
  very few countries mandate paternity leave . 
  so what are you saying exactly - that maternity leave should n't be a thing ?
