   like the top gear crew , no ? 
  what should they have done in your opinion ? 
   uk had brand new ships and planes, 
  not all . 
  the main aircraft carrier , hms hermes , had been slated for scrap right before the war began . 
  the rn was so short on functional carriers that they had to launch some of their harriers from cargo ships . 
   the argentines lost , but they did n't got their asses whooped, 
  admittedly the contest was rather even at sea , helped by argentina 's proximity to their mainland . 
  but once the british made landfall , it was pretty one-sided . 
  if we 're going by which country claimed the islands first and still wants ownership of the islands , based on your analysis , the british have the most legitimate claim . 
  even france has a more legitimate claim than argentina . 
  argentina 's claim stems solely from its 1816 perceived entitlement to all spanish south atlantic possessions . 
  but that claim had no legal/military basis , and as such there are many former spanish south atlantic possessions that are not in argentinian control today . 
  and as far as i 'm aware , spain never officially ceded the falklands to argentina anyway ( i am curious however as to when and how spain actually lost control of the islands ? ) . 
  what should also be taken into consideration is that the british were the first to settle the islands with a civilian population . 
  they did launch harriers from a container ship though . 
  that did n't end well . 
  think of it moreso as putting somebody in their place - by force . 
  lucky bastard . 
  i 've resigned myself to never getting that achievement . 
   they thought they were king of the world just because they could use a boat and a gun . 
  ... but that * did * make them king of the world . 
  look at the british empire . 
  the chinese repeatedly got their asses handed to them by a small island nation in the north atlantic . 
  nope . 
  i believe we 'll be relying on / ak / . 
  and android version is close to release though , is n't it ? 
  not really , since we 're talking about browsing the internet . 
  so , europe had no culture and science ? 
  ever read a history book ? 
  oh boy , this is some serious delusion ... 
  seriously , read a history book some time . 
  you * really * need it . 
  as i 'm sure others will agree , there 's no point arguing with somebody who claims that europe had no culture or science . 
  do you have any idea how idiotic that makes you sound ? 
   but there 's relevant and worthwhile culture and there 's european culture, 
  we 're done here , lad . 
  you 're a lost cause . 
  fair play to them for making the jobs of the psni easier . 
   why not send a load of travellers along . 
  we often do ... 
  what ? 
  thank you , kind bot . 
  what ? 
  if it works , it works . 
  good riddance , normie . 
   says the guys lurking on 4chan . 
  the hypocracy astounds me sometimes, 
  i think you missed his point . 
  the op is well aware of this . 
  not from what i 've heard . 
  a supertester from / wotg / recently said he had been able to play with the tank for a few hours and that it was just a type 59 with everything that makes the type 59 good nerfed . 
  granted , that was just a random anon on / vg / , but he seemed to be legit . 
  it 's been confirmed for a few days at this stage ( depending on how you define `` confirmed '' ) . 
   the carrigrohane straight and lancaster quay/western road . 
  ah yes , at water level right beside the river . 
  looks like ucc has n't learned from castlewhite , the wgb , and the mardyke flooding there a few years ago . 
  not on xbox 360 apparently . 
  according to a friend who still plays on the 360 , they only had a < 1gb update . 
  tipperary town always puts me ill at ease whenever i 'm there or even just passing through . 
  the less armored one ? 
   there was a girl from the college who was raped one night by a gang of lads . 
  when they were done with her she crawled to a house for help and the lad who lived there took her in and raped her as well . 
  i 'm not easily unnerved by stuff i read on the internet , but to think that something like that could happen in a major irish town is disturbing . 
   moving/actually trying to have fun playing . 
  well this should be okay , as long as you * do n't stop moving * . 
   and make your life better, 
  `` just be yourself ! '', 
  i was implying that your advice was just as trite as saying `` just be yourself '' . 
   the kuro was certainly the easiest . 
  i think that may have had more to do with the fact that it was a promotional tie-in for the gup movie though . 
  that 's pretty long ... 
   have you played 5 ? 
  it 's honestly one of the best in the series . 
  jesus christ , stop embarrassing yourself . 
   but most critics and fans of the series agree that 343i fixed pretty much everything that was wrong with 4 in 5 and established it as a competitive arcade shooter . 
  i 'm immediately suspicious of any halo `` fan '' that likes halo 4 's multiplayer or halo 5 in general . 
  they tend to be new wave fans that did n't play much of the old games ( if at all ) . 
  they can have syringes . 
  no , the chief has brown hair . 
  i 'd go as far as to say * most * are alright . 
   it goes with the territory that people will make fun when she loses , ` where is your god now !? ', 
  and such, 
  it takes a very petty person to say that though . 
  yeah , but it 's sinn f\u00e9in making the claim ... 
  yes ? 
  jesus , i did n't realise that the mansion house had a room that big on the inside . 
  i trust sinn f\u00e9in about as far as i could throw any individual member of the party - and i ai n't that strong . 
  the sherman had both those qualities too , and were n't horribly uncomfortable for the crews to boot . 
  the t-34 had a far better profile though . 
  more t-34s were produced though . 
   it 'd take a fucking idiot to not put the tiger up there , or panther, 
  tiger maybe , but the panther was too advanced for its own good and was rushed out the door . 
  it was n't perfected until the end of the war . 
  stop being so new . 
  what retardation are you referring to , friendo ? 
   i 'm just happy they made my caernarvon even more useless than it already was by taking away the only armor it had and adding that useless turret, 
  is that why i 'm seeing caernarvons wandering around with what looks like a conqueror turret now ? 
  i do n't see why people are so bothered by american artillery . 
  it has its fair share of dud tanks , like the m12 .
