  beach episode this week in the latter series . 
  how would you know ? 
   on the other hand you can find many americans on the internet complaining about how there are no black people in anime . 
  who the hell is stupid enough to complain about that ? 
  tumblr ? 
   overall change : even more channels are getting inactive ( 6 % down since the beginning of the year ) . 
  goddammit demo !, 
  i do n't think so . 
  how do you know porn has n't been lying to us all these years and shaft is trying to put the truth out there ? 
  you obviously did n't do it right . 
  eh , maybe i 'm overreacting . 
  i usually have zero issues with fanservice and i think this is the first time i 've ever made a vaguely negative comment about it . 
  it 's just that i vastly preferred the first two nisekoi ovas ( which had their fair share of fanservice too ) over the last one . 
  the third one just seemed to be a vehicle for fanservice rather than the usual plotless harem comedy with fanservice thrown in . 
   therefore they are rightfully worried if the studio makes less money in a industry where sexualised girls is the only selling point . 
  listen here , the more money shaft makes the better the chances that we 'll eventually get kizumonogatari at some point during our lifetime . 
  so shut your trap and enjoy the boobs . 
  i do n't doubt that in the slightest . 
  but i look at kizu as sort of the half life 3 of anime - no matter how good it is when it is actually released , it will still be a disappointment because it simply ca n't live up to the hype . 
   let us not call them schools please , that 's an insult to reason, 
  edgy , especially considering the standard of primary education in ireland is very high . 
  you 're insulting teachers and everybody who works in the department of education . 
   its a little more than an hour per week . 
  highly depends on the school . 
  most primary schools where i grew up rarely spent more than 30-45 minutes a week on religion even though 30 minutes a week were allocated to it per day . 
  we usually did maths during religion time for 4 of the 5 days a week . 
  why ? 
   as most people who are n't shut-in otakus does n't enjoy fanservice very much . 
  generalization detected !, 
  wow , this comment is like something straight out of / r/atheism . 
  when was the last time you were actually in a primary school ? 
   i do n't know any `` normal '' casual people that genuinely love big tits in their video games . 
  not unless they 're like 12-16 or something . 
  so , we 're to base this `` fact '' entirely off your own anecdotal evidence ? 
   i highly doubt someone who actually goes outside , socialise , have a few girlfriends on and off genuinely sits down and absolute enjoys watching bouncy anime tits . 
  and you know this how ? 
  i think you 'd be surprised at how many people gushing about fanservice on / r/anime or / a / are relatively normal people that you would n't think twice about if you saw them on the street . 
  you have a very black and white view of things . 
   because i ca n't begin to understand why the fuck people would find enjoyment in animated tits . 
  `` omg , people do n't have the exact same tastes as me !, 
  they must be wrong and perverse ! '', 
  grow the fuck up , dude . 
   i do n't want d-sized bouncy tits splashed right up in my fucking face , i want to see the story progress . 
  tough titties . 
  that 's the current reality of the medium you developed an interest in . 
  ha , look at this guy - now he 's dictating how people should respond to him . 
  it 's a long time since i 've encountered somebody with their head stuck so far up his own ass . 
  wait , i was meant to be watching monogatari solely for the fanservice ? 
   this subreddit is absolute shit when it comes to actual conversation . 
  no , this subreddit is actually fine for serious conversation ( not as good as / a / when it 's in the mood , but still ) . 
  you 're just getting pissy the people do n't agree with you . 
  there 's plenty of people willing to discuss the issue with you , but you 're so convinced that you 're right , it is n't worth the time or effort . 
   the majority of people on here and on 4chan are definitely largely socially isolated , awkward people . 
  again , you know this how ? 
  how do you know they 're not `` normal '' like you ? 
  are you just a special snowflake drowning amongst all the otaku ? 
   does n't change the fact that in reality , they 're most likely really fucking weird . 
  i could make the same baseless accusation about you . 
   sure , a lot of your typical 4chan users probably seem pretty chill and normal in real life , but your average person does n't find enjoyment in watching 14 year old girls with d-sized , gravity defying breasts animated by 30 year old sweaty japanese men . 
  different strokes for different folks . 
  i fail to see why it bothers you so much . 
   ah , i see you 're pulling the typical `` you have a different opinion than me , fuck you '' cheeky argument that is n't actually yours , just something you read someone else say and thought sounded real clever . 
  what the hell are you even trying to say here ? 
   does n't mean i ca n't have an opinion on what they like and say i do n't get it . 
  you 're actively insulting them though . 
  that makes it different . 
   i 'm not telling you how to respond , you can respond in any way , shape or form you want to and i 'll read it . 
   but i wo n't answer it , and that 's my own decision . 
  that still boils down to you demanding that people address you in a certain way . 
  on a anime subreddit . 
  on the internet ... 
   i truly do believe that the majority of you are socially isolated , creepy , lonely people . 
  and you think you 're better and more `` normal '' than us based on absolutely no evidence whatsoever other than what you can deduce about our sexual interests ? 
   but when i see otaku kind of people they just creep and disgust the ever living fuck out of me . 
  there 's the insulting i was talking about . 
  totally unnecessary , but you just ca n't help yourself , can you ? 
  you just have to feel superior . 
   but i ca n't take someone serious who 's practically just another meme loving fucker who thinks using things like green text , using `` m8 '' '' : ^ ) '' `` dank meme '' `` 9/11 '' etc. 
  makes them funny . 
  it 's not about being funny . 
  the fact that you think that demonstrates a clear lack of understanding of the origins of that internet slang . 
   yet they so desperately adapts a lot of habits , slangs , responses , patterns etc. 
  that a lot of people similar to them does . 
  people assimilate the habits and mannerisms of those they socialise with , and have been doing so since the stone age . 
  what the hell is pathetic about that ? 
   like i said , that was n't an insult . 
  sorry if it insulted you , but that was my honest opinion . 
  otaku people do disgust me and creep me the fuck out . 
  does n't mean i think i 'm better than them . 
  it 's most certainly implied . 
   it 's because of people like them that i rarely tell people in real-life that i enjoy anime, 
  i knew this was the crux of the issue . 
  it always is . 
   but because of the almost unbelievable amount of social dweebs, 
  i am wholeheartedly convinced that you 're just some angsty teen . 
  what adult uses the word `` dweeb '' ? 
   which i assume you belong to, 
  eh , i spend * very * little of my anime-related internet time on / r/anime . 
  i mainly browse / a / . 
  far better discussion , more pessimistic attitude than / r/anime 's `` everything is awesome ! '',
