  he 's still going to fucking die , and nothing that he `` achieved '' will matter anyway . 
   implying it 's role play, 
  but what will we spend our gbp on now ? 
  tendies are out of season , and pepes are worthless . 
   as a feminist, 
  how do you know somebody is a feminist ? 
   implying modern feminism is good, 
  well that 's depressing . 
  as we speak , meme-bots are toiling away to bring us the next all-conquering dank meme . 
  some say it will have 4 times the potency of tendies , with twice the staying power of pepe . 
  does the chief not occupy the highest nco rank in the unsc though ? 
   agreed . 
  my so is a feminist, 
  could you be any more of a normalfag ? 
  more importantly , how far away ? 
  i 'd say twice as far . 
   not reading hentai in class, 
  year of the normies indeed . 
  team tsugumi : home of the ever-expanding bust . 
  seriously , it 's starting to get a bit ridiculous at this stage ... 
  no more retarded than your good self . 
  it 's unbelievably generic . 
  why is / r/anime so positive about the new designs ? 
  / a / fucking loathes them and i ca n't help but agree . 
  season 1 's yukino is also way better . 
  looks less generic and has a bit of flair . 
  you could have just waited another couple of hours for the fff subs . 
  / r/anime 's positivity regarding the new character designs still astounds me . 
  you have bad taste in art styles/character designs if you think this is better than season 1 's designs . 
  these new ones are generic as fuck . 
  are you guys so reliant on cr that you ca n't find subs for shows that they do n't stream ? 
   idk man 8man here seemed the same, 
  are you blind ? 
  season 1 's style had a bit of uniqueness to it compared to the other stuff that was airing at the time . 
  these new designs are generic * and * plain . 
  yeah , yui is fine as there is decent consistency between the 3 versions . 
  but 8man looks too much like a generically handsome harem mc now . 
  i 'm not going to let shit character designs prevent me from watching the second season of a series i really enjoyed . 
  in what capacity ? 
   but they are pretty shitty even about people that are trying to change, 
  that 's not true in my experience . 
  in fact , there have been multiple occasions where they have demonstrated their support for people seriously trying to lose weight . 
  fat people who are n't willing to make the effort to change deserve what they get . 
   so why do you hate overweight people ? 
  because they are a plague on society and often refuse to accept responsibility for their obesity . 
   how are they a plague ? 
  health service burden for one thing . 
   i think cars are a worse plague, 
  a necessary evil for now, 
   as is war, 
  good luck banning that . 
  burden on the health service . 
  people need cars to get places . 
  you do n't need to be fat for * anything * . 
  but there is a relatively easy solution to counteracting the obesity poor life choices may have caused . 
  the same ca n't be said of cancer . 
  what 's it like being a normalfag ? 
   being this new, 
   all the self/woman hating threads . 
  what 's wrong with those ? 
  4chan was partially built on those sentiments . 
  / u/trollabot lord_addictus, 
  well , there was all the anime too . 
  fff 's subs have a low meme count and do n't tend to be released much later than commie . 
  you 're right . 
  / r/anime is just blinded as usual by the fact that a show they like got a second season and therefore shower every aspect of the new episode with praise . 
  the discussion thread was pretty damn bad in that respect . 
  well , we know who to blame for that . 
  / r/anime loves that kind of shit though . 
   but i do n't think misogyny made it to what it is . 
  4chan has never trusted women . 
  going all the way back to the very beginning . 
  this is common knowledge . 
  is that meant to be funny and/or edgy ? 
  as somebody who loved season 1 yukino , i understand your pain . 
  evidently / r/ireland things otherwise . 
  better keep those opposing opinions to yourself . 
   it was low budget as fuck, 
  true , but they still had character and a bit of uniqueness . 
   but the girls look better in the new season . 
  yui looks about the same , but yukino has been moe-ified . 
   apparently the downvote has devolved into an `` i disagree '' button . 
  there are people in / r/ireland who have openly admitted to using it as such . 
  trying is the first step towards failure . 
  is this guy some sort of normalfag celebrity ? 
   the day of the rope, 
   not day of the rape, 
  yeah , there are a lot of guys on / a / whose lives would lose a lot of their meaning without anime . 
  well , i suppose it makes sense ... 
  there 's a difference between using the system to suit your needs and straight up exploiting it . 
  if i was the person who hired that lecturer to work at the college i 'd be pissed . 
  to be fair , i 'd be more concerned with improving breast feeding rates before trying to fix the maternity leave system . 
  that does n't detract from the fact that she 's exploiting the system as it stands . 
  not that the bleeding hearts in this thread would understand that ... 
  how so ? 
  what 's wrong with just existing ? 
  sounds fun to me . 
  working out is n't the answer to everything . 
  you 're worse than those guys who saying confidence is the only thing you need to get girls . 
   i always found these people to be disgusting .
