   also , for some reason , everyone seems to hate almost everything about xbox in nearly any of the threads that i read anymore . 
  go look at the `` games with gold thread '' every single time there are usually 5 comments with a ton of upvotes saying how shitty gfg is compared to ps + meanwhile anyone who is generally excited or happy with the games is downvoted pretty quickly . 
  this is in an interesting one because i sometimes get the impression that this subreddit is a bit pi-polar when it comes to defending the 360 . 
  half the time , anything negative that is said about the platform is attacked like it 's the anti-christ . 
  yet for the rest of the time , people are perfectly happy to engage in bitching circlejerks about everything that 's wrong about the 360 . 
   have you ever worked a shit job you 've hated before ? 
  yep . 
  i hated every single minute of it . 
  i wish there was one of these for japanese . 
  well , at least if your native tongue uses the roman alphabet by default you wo n't be at as much of a disadvantage as a person from japan or korea trying to learn english . 
  but yeah , english is a bitch to learn , but there 's a great incentive to learn it . 
  but when i am abroad i do actually abide by local customs . 
  as somebody who enjoys learning about other cultures , i often research why certain customs exist and the reason they exist usually makes sense from the perspective of the local people and they are hence able to justify it . 
  that 's not the case with american tipping culture - it makes little sense and americans are rarely able to justify it . 
  none of my local customs require us to give money away for an expected service . 
   free-riding on a system because you do n't have to deal with the social consequences as a visitor makes you an asshole , not some liberal crusader . 
  eh , i 'll continue to do what feels right to me anyway - as far as i 'm concerned , it 's only mandatory if it 's required by law . 
  fortunately for me i do n't have a noticeable accent , so when i arrive at a restaurant for the first ( and usually only ) time , servers do n't treat me badly just because i 'm foreign and presumably wo n't give a tip . 
  i 'll respect any custom you have , but do n't expect me to pay for it . 
  extorting money from me because you refuse to pay your servers a living wage is hardly a custom . 
  * nothing * like that exists where i come from . 
  i suppose i sorta assumed that they would n't have the mental capacity to use a computer . 
  is it that bad over there ? 
   wonder why they do n't go eat fast food if they ca n't afford to eat out at a restaurant, 
  who says i ca n't ? 
  not that i care what the wait-staff in a restaurant think of me . 
  i 'm just there to have a meal and go - not win your approval . 
   and if you are n't willing to tip you should n't waste our table space so we can get a decent human being in that will pay for the service they 're getting . 
  i paid the bill that i 'm legally required to pay . 
  i 've made plenty of comments here justifying my opinions on tipping . 
  just because i do n't reiterate them personally to you , does n't mean they do n't exist . 
  i 'd rather be a dick and be right than support a broken system and be seen as awesome . 
  oh , i know that . 
  but there is way more downvotes in this subreddit than there should be . 
  downvotes are important for a subreddit 's health of course , but the most innocuous things get heavily downvoted here all the time . 
  the apparent rise in popularity of 9gag on facebook is one of the reasons i 'm so glad i deleted my profile . 
   how much has changed in three days ? 
  [ ] ( / notamusedtrixie ) what do you seriously expect to have changed in the space of 3 days ? 
  it 's the plounge , not / r/technology mid-meltdown . 
  this comment makes no sense . 
  overall live satisfaction is a myth . 
  we would n't be alive if we did n't think it existed , regardless of whether we think we have it or not . 
  ... ... that actually happened ? 
  maybe she 's one of those people that just does n't get fat ? 
  i 'm one of them - many people hate me . 
  for that and other reasons . 
  regarding point # 3 specifically , the article you linked features many japanese people giving perfectly reasonable responses when questioned as to why they reject intimacy , relationships , and children . 
  the article also states that this is a growing trend in many parts of the developed world , but in japan it is magnified due to a number of social and legislative factors . 
  i do n't see how this makes that particular aspect of japanese culture wrong or disturbing . 
  on the other hand , your points on history are arguably valid , but are not unique to japan ( turkey and the armenian genocide for example ) . 
  hence by definition , that specifically does n't make japan an extreme outlier amongst the nations of the world ( although certainly notable , but by definition if other countries of the world do similar things , it does n't make japanese culture in this regard a stand-out example ) . 
  in what way was a dishonest ? 
  i did say `` other reasons '' , but did n't specify what they were . 
  do you require everything spelled out to you ? 
   rape is rape regardless of which cultures deem it the norm . 
  even as somebody who hates the cultural relativism defense , it does have some logical merit in certain cases . 
  for example , rape may be rape to us , but other cultures may not view it as such and often have reasons that * make sense to them * ( not us ) as to why rape may or may not be permitted - roles of the woman in the family/society for example . 
  we may not agree with them , but that is an aspect of their culture - and this applies to many other things . 
  frankly , as long as their culture does n't interfere with ours , we have no right to dictate what they can and ca n't do in accordance with their culture . 
  but by all means , judge away - not that it will do anything . 
  but i eat way more than is naturally healthy for me as it is . 
  i just process it really fast and efficiently . 
  seriously , i could eat something and within a couple of hours the remnants are in the toilet . 
  it 's up to you whether you want to believe me or not , but that 's my daily life . 
  yeah - i 'm on / r/4chan for crying out loud !, 
  if that 's not the equivalent of going around with a loudspeaker shouting `` i 'm an autistic faggot !, 
  '' , i do n't know what is . 
  well , i 've been told by my doctor that i eat too much for somebody of my weight and body type , so i dunno what to do . 
  it may sound like i 'm being intentionally obtuse here , but i 'm as confused as anybody . 
  so , let 's be hypothetical here for second - what can you * personally * hope to achieve by telling another culture that their views on rape are wrong ? 
  unless you hold something like a trade embargo over their head or forcefully invade and change their ways , you ca n't do anything but allow change to happen naturally , if at all . 
  it might . 
  but i do n't want to gain weight - why would i want that ? 
  are you implying that everybody in japan who rejects traditional relationships is immediately some deviant with perverse sexual attractions ? 
  regardless of whether you are or not , i do n't think the unusual approach japan has to sexual taboos such as sexual harassment , sexualisation of minors , and fantasies is a root cause of the rejection of intimacy , relationships , and children . 
  perfectly good reasons for the development of those trends are given in the article you linked . 
  however , i personally * do think * that the japanese attitude to those taboos * may * be one of the social factors that was n't really examined in the article as to why the japanese are rejecting traditional relationship roles at an * accelerated * rate compared to other developed countries - especially amongst women ( although arguably men too , but in a more indirect way ) . 
  i do n't need gains - i 'm relatively happy with my body . 
  but more power to people who do choose that route , it 's not easy . 
  sometimes . 
   again , not to diminish the horrors of unit 731 or anything , i guarantee you your nation has done something equally horrific at some point in time . 
  i do n't really like when this point is used in a debate to be honest , as i think it 's highly dependent on where your opponent is from . 
  i 'm from ireland for example , and i do n't think that point would work there . 
  other than our war of independence which got a bit dodgy at times , the state of ireland has n't been involved in any notable atrocities that i 'm aware of . 
  i 'm sure there are many other countries that would be in the same boat . 
  ... . that 's not a casual compliment * at all * . 
  [ ] ( / trixiesocks ) sweet christ on a bike ... . . 
  [ ] ( / banjo ) if by awesome you mean vaguely unnerving , sure . 
  [ ] ( / x01 ) wait , was n't there a post not even a month ago saying how accepting this place of was of furries - or at least tolerated them ? 
  make your mind up , plounge !, 
  [ ] ( / trixielecture ) i have nothing personal against furries - everybody is entitled to like what they want as long as it does n't have a negative impact on other people . 
  but i 'd be lying if i said the entire concept of furries did n't unnerve me a bit . 
  [ ] ( / thebestponyishappy ) true ... ... 
  we are ? 
   i tend to view anthropomorphic furries as more human than humans , if that makes any sense . 
  i 'm in the plounge , and i know that there are many many others here who are not furries too . 
  i 'd wager furries are in the minority in this subreddit . 
  just sayin ' . 
  read halsey 's journal - very little was retconned in halo : reach . 
  in a free country , if somebody wants to buy food for the sole purpose of wasting it , they are more than entitled to ( within reason of course ) .
