  she 's just as deluded as poor little jack here thinking he represents the youth of the country . 
  although , ruth ca n't see that because she 's out with the fairies . 
  as mad as a bag of goats . 
  going against the / r/ireland pro-choice hivemind - dangerous move . 
  wait , why does / r/ireland hate alan kelly all of a sudden ? 
  jesus christ , the superiority complex on this lad ... 
  why ? 
  he 's parish pump to the core , but nowhere near as bad as lowry . 
  sorry we ca n't all be as enlightened as you . 
  i appreciate your honesty and thanks for the wry smile you gave me . 
   they have failed themselves, 
  actually , considering the fact that lowry is notoriously good at getting things done locally , they might be once again doing themselves a favour . 
  source ? 
   if you 're smart enough to be a liberal, 
   liberal, 
   smart, 
  do n't make me laugh . 
  that was avengers 1 . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
   easy for those whose basic human rights arent being infringed upon to dismiss it . 
  yet the pro-choice side are so eager to dismiss the rights of the unborn . 
  alan kelly would have had more supporters in that area than lowry . 
  i 'm opposed to abortion except in cases of rape , danger to the mother 's life , or fatal/life-limiting fetal abnormalities ( most likely in cases of incest too ) . 
  i find the idea of abortion on demand to be abhorrent , so i 'm opposed to it being a choice if none of the above conditions are met . 
  still not seeing it . 
  hold up ; the guardian is notorious for having a go at ireland . 
  i 'd be skeptical of their reporting on the country at best . 
  is this something we 're meant to get angry about ? 
  i 'm against abortion on demand . 
  i admit that there are situations where abortion should be permissable , but i find the idea of ending a human life ( or potential human life , depending on your viewpoint ) just because pregnancy and having a child is inconvenient ( or something like that ) to be abhorrent . 
  it 's similar to the reason why i 'm also opposed to the death penalty - i find the concept of making killing state-sanctioned/normalised to be very disturbing . 
   why is it ok to abort in the case of rape but not accidental pregnancy ? 
  both times the woman got pregnant against her consent, 
  in one case pregnancy was forced upon her in a presumably traumatic experience of sexual violence over which the victim would have had little or no control . 
  in the other scenario the woman was engaging in consensual sex , and getting pregnant is a risk you take when you have sex . 
  that 's why you double or triple lock on birth control . 
  it 's not fair that women have the most the lose in the latter scenario , sure - biology gives women a raw deal . 
  but it 's not worth ending a life over it . 
   i thought the xbox 360 version was really bad , to be entirely honest . 
  what issues did you have with it ? 
  other than graphical bugs under heavy load , it was as smooth as butter for me in terms of the overall experience . 
  i played it solid for almost 6 months . 
  the only achievement that escaped me was that plasma railgun ejection kill one . 
  fuck that achievement . 
   due to the graphical downgrade . 
  because it was based on the source engine , the graphical difference between the xb1 and 360 versions was n't as big as many expected it to be . 
  i 'm exceptionally jealous . 
  does n't help that i strongly dislike the plasma railgun as a weapon . 
   i could never get the killing all the evacuating players . 
  was very lucky to get that in a game where i was on fire and carried an absolute shite team of players to victory . 
  mopped up all 6 opponents before the dropship even arrived because my teammates were too incompetent to do so . 
  having good teammates works against you for that achievement . 
  arc cannon is okay on urban maps ( especially the amped version ) , but it 's still the second worst titan weapon in the game . 
  oh i 'm not saying you would n't notice it , but it 's less noticeable than in the vast majority of cross generational games . 
  the increase was n't that big though , was it ? 
  like , is it big enough to comprehensively indicate that gender quotas were responsible for the increase ? 
  depends on your playstyle . 
  it suits the ogre , but i hardly ever played ogre . 
  the other titans are too delicate to get in close with the arc cannon as required . 
   and the other part that makes it easier is to have your friend land on a zip line from ejecting and slide towards you . 
  it still counts . 
  fuck , i had no idea about that !, 
  does n't matter though - i played titanfall on 360 and none of my friends still use their 360s . 
   it 's all about how you use it , i consistently dominated games as a stryder with the arc cannon . 
  that 's a strange combo . 
  i would have always paired the arc cannon with the orge as he can get in close and personal , which compensates for the arc cannon 's limited range . 
  really ? 
  i never liked it . 
  i can see it advantages , but i guess it just does n't suit my playstyle . 
   i agree that having more of a gender balance in the d\u00e1il is no guarantee of better policies for women . 
  considering how the d\u00e1il works , it really wo n't and it 's naive to think that it will . 
   it points to an unfairness in how candidates are chosen to run in the election by the major parties . 
  the gender quota system is many things , but it could never be described as `` fair '' in the strictest sense of the term . 
  ends do n't always justify the means . 
  t. clean-shaven hand-owner . 
   you ca n't base your economy on looting , have a darwinist political society , and then declare war on the world 's largest naval power , the worlds largest land army , and the worlds largest industrial power and expect to win . 
  i dunno about you , but i like those odds !, 
   it also mandates that at least 30 % should be men . 
  i 'd never actually heard of that caveat until you mentioned it . 
  i still have issues with the democratic element , but i concur that the system is indeed * fair * if that is the case . 
  should the potential male candidates of today be excluded due to the dominance of those that came before them ? 
   hey that 's neat , congrats on saving money when you 're living rent free with your parents , or living in a dorm and having your housing costs paid with loans or grants or scholarships or whatever . 
  i lived in private rented accommodation which i paid for with my wages . 
  you sure are making a lot of assumptions . 
   the point is i 'd rather be a `` wagecuck '' with money in the bank than a broke neet with a lasagna . 
  being neet and being broke are n't * always * mutually inclusive though . 
  pe was a doss class for me in secondary school as we were n't obliged to take part if we did n't want to . 
  i wo n't have the likes of you taking that right away from future generations . 
  seriously though , i 'm not sure if physical health * education * should be the domain of schools unless there 's an exam in it ( which would be an atrocious idea ) . 
  seriously , did a football hurt you as a child or something ? 
  you seem to have a seriously grudge against ball sports . 
   do you really believe all the folk in the class look forward to the weekly kick about ? 
  the majority would , based on my experience at least . 
  you ca n't please all of the people all of the time . 
  bit oversensitive ? 
  some might think otherwise . 
  depends on the type of candle . 
  not the irish or british though . 
  how are there people as ignorant and/or sheltered as you left in the world ? 
  if you 've been on the internet more than 10 minutes , you should know what that word means .
