  they are nothing but leeches . 
  somebody sounds bitter . 
   here they make sure you apply to jobs regularely or they straight up cut your welfare . 
  just apply really shittily for jobs . 
  that 's what people do in my country to keep their unemployment benefit . 
  i do n't understand how you can stay that . 
  but he 's got his own room . 
  if he 's on good terms with his parents , what 's the problem ? 
   someone to share memories with and have sex with will add more to your life than that room, 
  this is some real normie bullshit . 
   are you jealous ? 
  yes . 
  and ? 
   sooner or later he 's going to have to experience the real world, 
  says who ? 
  no such thing . 
   with private cars being directed along the quays . 
  fuck that , the quays are chaos during rush-hour as it is . 
   i 'm not a massive fan of teachers, 
  bit of an odd blanket statement to make . 
  why is n't playing video games a hobby ? 
  they 'll either leave him an inheritance or he 'll kill himself . 
  simple as that . 
  i think you 're making unnecessary distinctions . 
  i was talking about your distinction with regard to what genres of games are considered hobby material . 
   a lot of teachers are bullies . 
  sounds like a generalisation to me . 
   how exactly is promoting a healthy lifestyle worse than shit advice ? 
  okay , * as bad as * . 
  and it 's not the promotion of a healthy lifestyle that i 'm taking issue with ( being healthy is great and should be commended ) . 
  it 's when people advocate working out as a sort of answer to all of life 's problems that i think is stupid . 
  but calling a lot of teachers bullies just because that person happened to have a few less than kind teachers while in school seems grossly unfair . 
  in addition , i do n't think it 's inaccurate to say that people can be too quick to call teachers bullies just because they tried to impose discipline on their classes . 
  i 'm interpreting it slightly differently though . 
  sully is most likely under assignment from the oni chiefs and ben 's entire investigative report could just be a test to ensure that oni 's cover story is water tight ; hire an experienced investagative reporter to find out what he can about the master chief 's backstory using available sources . 
  if he finds something that contradicts the official story , oni plugs the hole . 
  so , normalfags ? 
   people like fucking interacting with other people . 
  not everybody . 
  why ? 
  why does he bother you so much ? 
   i just want to see him fall, 
  why though ? 
  if travellers were roaming around wanting to rob things in my locality , i 'd sure as hell want to know about it !, 
  my sentiments exactly . 
  i 'm very open to being proven wrong in my generalised stance on travellers , but i have yet to personally see * any * evidence that contradicts my experiences of growing up in an area with a large traveller population . 
  quit searching for a reason to be offended . 
  they * were * trying to rob the place . 
  sounds fun to me . 
   i hope someone robs their fecking gate , serves em right for being bastards . 
  but if travellers ( presumably ) stole their gate , would n't that only reinforce their prejudices ? 
  ca n't be racist against people ( unfortunately ) of the same race . 
  ca n't be racist against people ( unfortunately ) of the same race . 
  there 's actually people in ireland who would link to srs ? 
  this actually sickens me . 
  i thought that was an american sorta thing . 
  oh , so you 're admitting that it was you that linked it , eh ? 
  yeah , but i do n't visit them . 
  it 's almost like you comment on / r/shitredditsays . 
  oh wait , you do . 
   and thats bad you fucking idiot . 
  i fail to understand how . 
  truer words have never been spoken . 
  being branded a separate race also allows travellers to scream `` racism ! '', 
  any time they 're called out on their bullshit . 
   maybe the people that defend them actually know them and grew up around them . 
  i grew up in a town full of them . 
  they were an absolute blight on the area . 
  [ * incomprehensible japanese * ], 
   amazing comedy and almost impossible not to laugh !, 
  it 's a pity about those few jokes that require an understanding of japanese to comprehend though . 
  some of the sub groups explain them well though . 
   i have to say the great thing about this anime is that even though you can see the jokes coming from a mile away , they still end up being hilarious somehow . 
  that 's why i ca n't comprehend my enjoyment of the show . 
  i usually hate when you can see the joke coming a mile away , yet i will repeatedly laugh at syd 's gags . 
  it 's one of my top 3 anime even though it has so many elements i should dislike . 
  season 2 ovas are coming to an end , which could be a bad * or * good sign ... 
   male characters, 
  there 's like 1.5 males in the entire show . 
  the syd ops are great , and the season 1 ed is an all time classic . 
  but i was always sorta iffy on the season 2 ed , but recently i 've warmed to it quite a bit . 
  contributes to that sense of timelessness that really adds to a sketch show of this type . 
  also conveniently allows them to make as many ovas ( and hopefully seasons ) as they like . 
  i 'd argue that it * is * ecchi , just a very different type of ecchi . 
  sorta , and best girl shino will surely win the tsudabowl ( fuck you uomi ) . 
  but seriously , the romance element is negligible most of the time . 
  travellers stabbed people and randomly attacked others in my home town . 
  they were the only people who pulled that sort of shit in what was a very quiet part of the country . 
  i wo n't apologise for my opinions of them . 
  utw and procrastinating did the best fansubs . 
  but neither covered the ovas and utw stopped 2 episodes short of completing the second season . 
  thanks for understanding . 
  i 'm usually not a hateful person at all , but growing up in that sort of an environment leaves an impression on you . 
  i 'm seeing 151 regs everywhere . 
  money 's following somewhere , boys . 
   community policing can work really well because ireland is so small , and the guards may appear to be a bumbling set of hicks down from the mountains and wandering bemused around the towns looking uncomfortably at any building more than two stories tall , but it 's a carefully cultivated appearance of stupidity to hide the fact they are generally actually cute hoors as we 'd say here . 
  truer words have never been spoken about the garda\u00ed . 
  this is especially true in rural areas . 
  well there is that one friend of tsuda 's with the glasses who pops up every so often and gets a line here and there . 
  some fierce annoying children in the first video linked at the bottom of that article .
