  sure , dude - * sure * . 
   it 's so fucking easy . 
  if it was that easy , everybody would have it . 
  and ? 
  amen to that . 
  the word has become such a broad descriptor that it has lost almost all meaning . 
   women march topless to point out that they shouldnt be judged because of how they dress , or dont dress , among other things . 
  so , they want to police people 's thoughts ? 
  what a time to be alive . 
  what does it say exactly ? 
  then why do many feminists campaign to be allowed roam topless like men ? 
  i thought japan had really strict immigration policies ? 
  this is actually quite true . 
   implying gypsies are literate, 
  how soon until somebody comes to the comment section bitching about how some of the pictures are too lewd and that we 're all degenerates for using them as wallpapers ? 
  nice collection by the way , op . 
   also anime is a japanese medium , not chinese . 
  i 've always hated that meme from / a / . 
  this is evidence of the fact that you take things far too seriously . 
  and to think i actually agreed with a lot of the points you made . 
  how did an amish person get on the internet ? 
  to assume that joke is racist in origins clearly shows your ignorance on the matter . 
  are those nigerians there legally though ? 
  are those people aware that you can just log off the internet ? 
  irish people are ridiculously obsessed with owning property , as the boom demonstrated . 
  there 's nothing wrong with renting until you 're in a financially secure position . 
  yet if you hold an opinion different to their 's , you 're labeled a bigot and a misogynist . 
  it 's not easy , but it 's doable . 
  many victims of real life bullying ca n't do the same . 
  wimmin ' sure are disgusting . 
   simply do page 3 to boost themselves and gain a following , as well as simply something to put on a cv . 
  what was wrong with that exactly ? 
   it 's not about dictating personal choice, 
  although one could easily be convinced otherwise ... 
  see about getting a sense of humour . 
  aw , but there 's something charming about a semi-sexually repressed society . 
  look at europe . 
  if it does n't say anything , then why make the comment implying that it does ? 
  `` humans being human '' often entails giving into our animalistic desires , and frankly i 'm much more likely to respect a person who does n't bow to such pressures . 
  you 're not explaining * how * it does though . 
  if a woman ca n't drive a car properly , how in the name of all that 's holy is she gon na be able to pilot an exoskeleton ? 
  because i imagine using an exoskeleton would require lots of coordination and spatial awareness . 
  i was n't the one who originally made the statement implying that it does . 
  the burden or proof is on you , buddy . 
  christ , that shot of ryuuko is adorable . 
  it really would n't be . 
   no prizes for guessing why russia today are suddenly interested in irish poverty, 
  i do n't follow . 
  did we piss off putin or something ? 
  i dunno , i 'd rather not re-live the 90 's . 
  or any decade of the 20th century for that matter . 
  at least not in ireland ... 
   i know it seems pretty difficult to oppose ssm without basically seeming like a bigot, 
  even though i do n't necessarily support the no side of the debate , i fucking hate that superior and dismissive attitude that the yes crowd tend to have . 
  it literally boils down to `` if you do n't agree with us , you 're a bigot '' . 
  virtually every time i 've seen that phrase being used , it was most definitely * not * in a satirical context . 
  yeah , kinda fell apart , did n't it ? 
  makes a change from the black pity party . 
   if you 've actually seen that phrase used , it was being used satirically . 
  you ca n't make a guarantee like that . 
  you do n't know what i 've read/heard , and in what context . 
  the roman empire had a legacy and is * massively * influential on modern society . 
  just because an `` empire '' existed at some point in mali , that does n't make it inherently significant . 
  many empires have risen and fallen , but only a few are of long term historical and societal note . 
  well , in what capacity did it advance ? 
  yeah , but the people of mayo have endured enough hardship already . 
  that 's not very nice . 
  kerry people put jackie healy rae in the d\u00e1il . 
  they deserve everything they get . 
  it was n't so much over-exaggeration as it was isolated to certain boards , but at the time the impression was given that it was a site-wide issue . 
  like , / co / for example actually has a rather serious problem with overbearing sjw mods last time i checked . 
  it 's still being claimed that the new admins are sjws or at the very least sjw friendly . 
  personally i think it 's too early to judge . 
  sjw mods/janitors is one thing - sjw admins is another entirely . 
  where were you when moot as kill ? 
  there 's a difference between 4chan mods/janitors and the site-wide admins . 
  what 's wrong with 4chan ? 
  did n't rocky v have a similar shitty plot ? 
   implying you 're not the moron in this situation, 
  muslim detected . 
  why do you assume that ? 
  regardless , we do n't even have community college or taco bell in my country . 
  ameri-lefties would be considered right wing in most european countries . 
  as somebody not too familiar with redwood , what 's so bad about him ? 
  that 's the dream . 
  no more unnecessary socialising for me . 
  what 's having a soul got to do with making harmless jokes ? 
  good child actors are rare , but they do exist . 
  and i say that as somebody who generally dislikes children . 
  england tends to produce decent child actors at a higher rate than most places for example . 
  if you actually did some research there you 'd find that women in fact have more accidents , but they tend to be more minor in nature and therefore often do n't require insurance claims . 
  men are more likely to have serious accidents that do require insurance claims , but have fewer accidents in total . 
  put it down to men being more likely to take risks when driving , but to say that men are actually worse drivers than women in terms of general competence and capability would be inaccurate . 
  but seriously , it 's just a joke . 
  the insurance premium disparity is n't even legal in europe now anyway . 
  that fucker ?!, 
  is he the same guy who was part of the sjw shitstorm on / co / ? 
  is redwood an admin or just a janitor though ? 
  you rectally irritated , my friend ? 
   implying i wear any form of pants,
