  you 're missing out lad . 
  have yet to see it being used . 
  my guesses for this being that case are ( a ) because postmen do n't need it , and/or ( b ) it 's shite and makes no sense . 
  another colossal waste of public funds . 
  in that case portraying it as a homelessness issue obscures the real causes . 
   he 's a white supremacist . 
  how so ? 
  were you a courier or a postman though ? 
  true . 
  but as somebody who used to work a job that involved shipping things to the uk , at least the uk postcodes make sense . 
  if you 're familiar with the basic structure of the codes , you can tell where in the country a person lives just by looking at the code . 
  the same ca n't be said about eircode . 
  i know what you mean - it 's perfect for couriers . 
  i 'm actually strongly in favour of a good post code system . 
  but eircode makes no sense when you compare it to the british system . 
  and it will require a generation of postmen to retire before it will be adopted by the postal service . 
  and ? 
  why is n't anon allowed have a preference for white girls ? 
  why does having a preference mean that he 's racist ? 
  the bbc 's northern ireland division keep an article template titled '' ________ angers unionists '' on the desktop of all their computers . 
  just fill in the blanks of the word document and you 're good to go !, 
  nobody wants to touch that before an election . 
  only labour stand to gain anything from that discussion ( which makes it all the more odd that they 're not really bringing it up ) . 
  ** edit : ** did i say something incorrect or are people just unhappy with me for pointing out reality again ? 
  does n't affect dublin . 
  not trying to start trouble , but in this particular case , that 's the reality of the situation . 
   our exit from the eu . 
  you having a laugh ? 
  ... are you serious ? 
  because if you are , there are no words to describe how wrong you are . 
  that 's some seriously revisionist history you got going on there . 
   climate change does affect dublin though . 
  not in a way that 's obviously and immediately noticeable though . 
  the flooding is very much there and in your face in other parts of the country, 
  if you do n't see the irony , then you do n't understand communism well enough . 
   yet have nothing to say about a man who votes to make families homeless . 
  what exactly did he vote on to achieve that ? 
   use of the word `` mom '' by irish citizens is now strictly prohibited, 
  i 'll die before i use the word `` mam '' . 
  grates on my ears every time i hear it . 
  eh , sounds pretty shite . 
  i guess you 're just not cut out to be ireland 's next top dictator . 
  hey now , i like the spire . 
  it 's grown on me over the years . 
   you dip, 
  are you 12 years old ? 
  why would you not vote for trump ? 
   are we supposed to just not use everyday products and services simply because they were made by capitalists ? 
  well , as long as you admit that by willingly participating in capitalism you 're tainting your communist beliefs . 
  yes , but that has n't resulted in people being * evicted * though , which is what the sticker was explicitly referring to . 
  jesus christ , that 's somehow worse . 
  there 's nothing stopping him . 
   communists just have a different idea about how resources should be distributed does n't mean they ca n't participate with the societly they live in . 
  even if that society is the antithesis of what they believe in ? 
  if you want . 
  i 'm not a communist so i have n't really given the optimum solution much thought . 
  he can use twitter if he wants . 
  i 'm not gon na stop him . 
   i was only pretending to be ~ ~ retarded ~ ~ underage . 
  too british for me , and does n't flow off the tongue as easily as `` mom '' . 
  i never claimed to have though , so do n't go acting all smug about it . 
  why though ? 
  sounds like hell to me . 
   seriously , this guy is fucking proud of making a fucking lasagna . 
  and what are you proud of ? 
  too british , and for me at least it does n't roll off the tongue as easily as most alternatives . 
   you 're delusional, 
  nope . 
  ... that 's really not that impressive . 
  i had that much in my account when i finished college . 
   take a lump of leitrim , put up a fence and eat grass while we get the living fuck shelled out of us ? 
  it 'd be a nice start ... 
  but you 'll have to hire you 're own people to shell you . 
  the army ca n't afford that . 
  i 've heard the usa is n't very fond of communists - they might do it for free !, 
  being proud of such normalfaggotry is truly degenerate . 
  sure thing lad . 
  i earned that money by working through college . 
  i earned that money by working through college . 
   why is this something to be envious of ? 
  because they do n't have to work for their money . 
   and then i can go home and live a normal life, 
  why would you want to do that ? 
   they should simply point out how discrimination hurts people , etc. , and how it 's illegal, 
  if there 's no real chance of you getting caught , the people who are planning on discriminating are n't really gon na care about that sort of stuff anyway . 
   triggered, 
  good for you . 
  that sentence does n't make a whole lot of sense . 
   getting passed the social stigma and sense of uselessness is probably a important step . 
  or you can embrace them . 
  all chads are normies , but not all normies are chads . 
  just not an idiot . 
  it 's definitely better than windows 8 in my experience . 
  that said , i need to replace my 6 year old windows 7 laptop this summer and i 'm dreading having to upgrade to windows 10 . 
  sure , some of the new features are nice , but windows 7 was such a great os compared to the issues windows 10 seems to have . 
  guys , this meme magic stuff is starting to get scary ... 
   shame, 
  it 's an eternal blessing that we do n't !, 
   you could have gotten off work early or missed jiu jitsu surely for something as important as the future of your country ? 
  to be fair , nothing of significance will change .
