  step 1 : seize new aircraft carrier, 
  step 2 : sail up the thames to westminister, 
  step 3 : ????? 
  step 4 : nigel is prime minister, 
  that 's character building , lad . 
  given my views , i think i could be classified as sex negative , but i ai n't catholic . 
   tfw not british, 
   being this new, 
  well , i can only speak for myself , but given my own views i think i 'd be considered sex negative . 
   until i was about 14 i had no real interaction with any girls . 
  what the fuck are you complaining about ? 
  14 is n't particularly old to be reaching that stage at all . 
  there are probably adults in this very comments section that have yet to interact with a girl . 
  i do n't give a shit how other people live their lives - when did i even imply that ? 
  i just have my own opinions and views like everybody else . 
  like i know all kids and teens can be cruel , but jesus christ , teenage girls can be fucking vicious . 
  maybe . 
  but has 4chan ever done anything ( without provocation ) to affect the emotional development of a child/young teen ? 
  well , the unsc pinned the blame for the new phoenix attack on a covenant faction to allay public confusion , so there must be a degree of awareness amongst the public that there are still elements of the covenant fighting against humanity . 
  but when oni is even keeping secrets from the rest of the unsc about the `` new war '' humanity is fighting , you can be sure what the average citizen knows is being kept to a bare minimum . 
   many of whom were underage ? 
  is n't illegal for underage girls to be camwhores in the first place ? 
  the blur cutscenes are n't just an asset to h2a , they are an asset to the entire halo series in how they improve the storytelling during a crucial point in the overarching plot 's development . 
   the 2009 book re-release, 
  are they making such a thing ? 
  because i would buy that in a heartbeat . 
  i loved the original . 
  yeah , that 's the one i have . 
  read that book cover to cover so many times . 
  we really need an updated version . 
  it did , admittedly . 
  still , i enjoyed the hell out of it . 
  i was . 
  that 's a bit of a grey area though . 
  like , there was definitely provocation , but it 's debatable whether it warranted the response 4chan gave . 
  speak for yourself . 
  i 'm actually needed where i work . 
  i have n't taken a day off in almost 3 years . 
  i do n't see an issue with it . 
  my time off rolls over for 5 years anyway . 
  you must have a very low tolerance for work and responsibility . 
  i still get weekends off - 5 day business week is awesome . 
  i get something like 22 days off a year , but i never use them . 
  i have no use for them . 
  that said , they 'll continue to roll over for another year and half , so if i ever have an emergency i 'm sorted . 
  why did you feel the need to specify `` women '' in your title ? 
   if there ever is a revoloution of sorts in ireland you can be sure all the little rats on this sub reddit will be sitting in their arm chairs bitching on the internet about how the garda are in the right . 
  little spineless garda wanker . 
  testy , testy . 
  to be fair , if i had to deal with protestors on a regular basis , i 'd get pretty annoyed with them eventually too . 
  not justifying what the garda\u00ed did ( i do n't really care to be honest - what the woman did was stupid ) , but they do have reason to be annoyed . 
  would it have been any different if it were a man ? 
   she is representing all women of ireland . 
  you 're a walking caricature , you know that ? 
  stay angry , buddy . 
  maybe , but people are certainly overreacting . 
  people are trying to out-pc each other . 
  what ? 
  that 's the correct way of saying it . 
  dude , i think you 're taking the title a little too seriously . 
  like , surely the only hang-up we should have on this subreddit regarding titles is that they 're accurate . 
  and the person in that photo is most definitely a lady and most definitely a solider . 
  calling her a `` lady soldier '' might not be appropriate in a professional setting , but it 's no less accurate for describing op 's image than just calling her a `` soldier '' . 
   i have a hatred of how the u.s. has a stigma towards male soldiers while back home women are considered just as tough as the men . 
  i 'm assuming you made a mistake with this sentence , as it makes no sense . 
  also , nobody really cares about your opinions of the american military . 
  i come here to admire military hardware ( and sometimes personnel ) , not berate the armed forces/people of any country . 
   they 're just against free-speech, 
  when an organisation spouts this as a value/ideal , that 's a clear indicator to steer clear . 
  is it a good or bad thing that i 've never once been asked about my sexual activity while at a medical appointment ? 
  i so badly want to confidently say `` no '' to the `` are you sexually active ? '', 
  question just to catch that brief look of unease/disgust in the doctor 's face . 
  that 's nice . 
  forgive me for trying to protect the integrity of this subreddit . 
  i justifiably took a shot at him for trying to bring unnecessary conflict into this subreddit . 
  nothing in my comment contradicts that assertion . 
   new cars, 
  we already have some of the highest new car prices in western europe . 
  i love your suggestions , with the exception of the presidential one . 
  i think the system we have currently works perfectly . 
  ** edit : ** lowering the term to 5 years might be a good idea though . 
  houses in my country do n't tend to have basements . 
  thanks , but we really do n't care all that much about the north these days . 
  it 's a burden to britain , and it 'd be even a bigger burden to us . 
  getting the 6 counties back is a nice ideal , but i ca n't see it happening in my lifetime . 
  that makes sense , especially in light of what happened to installation 05 's monitor . 
  or more accurately , how few people actually care about this referendum . 
  i know plenty of people who ( a ) do n't even know it 's taking place , or ( b ) have no intention of voting . 
  and they 're not the kind of people you 'd think . 
  i 'm talking about late 20 's / early 30 's college grads . 
  well , not exactly . 
  we know the sort of people who are opposed to this referendum . 
  what i imagine will actually be surprising is how many people just do n't give a shit about it and what kind of people they are . 
  most societies progress with the passing of time , not regress . 
  the pro-marriage equality side seem to be hoping for a high turn out amongst young people . 
  i 've heard they 've been campaigning hard in the colleges ; signing people up to vote and such . 
  i do n't feel like a post like this belongs in this subreddit . 
  especially with a title like that . 
   improving themselves . 
  how does not pirating games make you a better person ?
