  and why do we do that ? 
  well , nowadays it is simply because we like the taste of meat - otherwise we would be herbivores . 
  humanity is a species of preference ( just like any other species really ) , and if we like something or a certain practice makes our lives easier , we will do it . 
  so , while eating meat may be correctly or incorrectly viewed as immoral by many , it certainly is n't unnatural - and since it does n't adversely affect other members of our species and gives satisfaction to our lives , humanity as a whole is unlikely to stop eating meat . 
  if they can make synthetic meat taste just as good as real meat ( and not cost more ) , i 'd switch to it in a heart-beat . 
  i care more about animals than i do about most of humanity , but meat is part of my diet and i make no apologies about that . 
  i think you 're being too blunt ( and hence a bit of an asshole ) , but i do n't feel guilty about eating meat . 
  i like meat and it is part of my diet , so i eat it . 
  if lab grown meat is developed to the point where it becomes a viable alternative to real meat , i would eagerly switch to it since i care more about animals than i do about most of humanity ( everything is relative - you could say i obviously do n't care enough about animals to stop eating meat , but meh ) , however until then meat will remain part of my diet . 
  or go shooting vegetables ... 
  i 'd like to hear your reasoning behind this - because some people would rather sacrifice showering every day for a week in order to study for exams they want to do do well in than give a damn what other people think . 
  you seem very angry about this issue . 
  bad smells are unpleasant sure , and when people do n't shower they are being inconsiderate , but i would n't consider it something worth getting angry about . 
  sorry about the delay - i have n't been online recently . 
  here 's an image of the the icon that appears in place of the photos i 've taken in the recently taken photos section of the camera : http://imgur.com/ty49p, 
  not sure how much help it will be . 
  i tried you other suggestion , but it had no effect . 
  you ca n't call yourself mature - that 's for other people to decide . 
  say what you want about other teenagers , but calling yourself mature is part of the overall problem reddit has with teenagers/kids . 
  if you truly are mature , you should already know this . 
  why would i do that when it 's just as easy for me to urinate standing up ? 
  like , i 'm willing to put the seat up when i urinate so it does n't splatter the seat when if i miss , and then any woman can put it back down when she wants to use the toilet . 
  everybody has to make only one movement - it 's called compromise , and it 's what every healthy relationship should be built on . 
  not one person completely altering something about themselves that almost all other members of their gender do . 
  i would love to hear your reasoning behind this . 
  i 'm sure it 's * extremely * well thought out and makes * so * much sense that it will blow my mind, 
  and do you think less of your friend because of it ? 
  do you even know what autism is ? 
  yet so many bronies keep their love of the show private , only sharing it with other bronies on forums such as / r/mylittlepony . 
  explain that . 
  wow , sounds like you spend your time productively ... . 
  i 'd love to see your source on this startling statement . 
  i suppose you are the leader of the high council on what grown men can and can not do ? 
  what are you planning to deem creepy for men to do in 2013 , your highness ? 
  i 'd love to see your source on this , good sir . 
   there are not large numbers of adult males who are obsessed with the show, 
  explain the 50k + bronies over at / r/mylittlepony then . 
  they seem pretty actively involved in the fandom . 
  could you provide a source on that statement ? 
  it sounds like a sweeping generalisation to me . 
  so only bronies go through tough times ? 
  all bronies suffer from depression and other mental illnesses ? 
  there are no `` well adjusted '' bronies ? 
  those are some pretty sweeping generalisations . 
  and besides , only a minority of reddit bronies are a member of / r/mylittlesupportgroup . 
  for you to make a link between mental illness and the show is not only very insulting , but also quite ignorant . 
   there 's some serious cognitive dissonance going on with you though if you think it 's a decent idea to combine mental health advice and a children 's television show, 
  could you just clarify the point you 're making there ? 
  i 'm not sure i follow . 
  let 's try and keep things calm - i too have struggled with depression for the past 4 years , so i can sympathise with you . 
  to be honest , i ca n't find any direct fault with what you 've said there ( although , you probably should have put that as your original comment ) . 
  personally , one of the main reasons the fandom is so vibrant is because there is a great sense of belonging in the brony community . 
  people find the show in a variety of ways , find they like it , and then find the community when looking for other fans of the show ( same as being a fan of anything really ) . 
  what i 'm saying is , there is no link between liking the show and being a maladjusted individual , but undeniably many fans of the show would be deemed `` maladjusted '' by society , and are therefore drawn to the community because it 's a place where they feel like they belong ( having been `` maladjusted '' , they may have had trouble fitting in the past ) . 
  i would n't say this is the case in the majority , but moreso in a sizeable minority . 
  and i do n't see this as a bad thing . 
  why should n't people who 've felt different and left out all their lives have a chance to be part of a community full of mostly nice people who share a common interest ? 
  of course , there are a myriad of other reasons why people are drawn to the fandom such as a love of art , music , comedy etc. 
   rather than the reaction of most who leap to defend it is being the last bastion of integrity in animation left on this earth . 
  yeah , i do n't like when that 's done either - there are other good shows out there , and most bronies will happily admit this . 
  unfortunately , it 's usually guys new to the fandom who will defend it in such an irritating manner - fortunately , older members will try and steer them away from that as the community is well aware of how annoying it is non-fans . 
  i think a lot of resentment for bronies still lingers from the early days of the fandom , where they got up everybody 's noses on 4chan . 
  ever since , certain elements within 4chan that still hold a grudge have continued to spread their message of hatred of bronies across the internet . 
  i 'm not trying to make excuses , but it is something that has happened . 
  then you also get the 12 year olds who think anything that is n't overtly `` manly '' is to be derided with plentiful use of the word `` faget '' . 
   one thing i will say though is that just because the community is inclusive does n't mean it 's valuable . 
  the more intrenched people get into it the more alienated they seem to make themselves from literally everyone else . 
  as an outsider it seems basically like an echo chamber where people tell each other what they want to hear to the point where they all get progressively more and more unrelatable to the people they would meet organically in real life . 
  true words - that 's what some bronies have to be careful of . 
  i 'm in my early 20 's , and i 'm already heading down that road unfortunately . 
  hey , i 'd a few minutes to spare . 
  it 's a sunday evening and college does n't restart until tomorrow - might as well try and hassle the trolls . 
  at least i 'm not being a jerk and insulting people for no good reason . 
  no - as i mentioned in my other reply , i 'm a senior college student , and i live in an apartment . 
  what exactly did this guy do ? 
  i do n't seem to remember this particular scandal . 
  the particular vlc app you linked me to is incompatible with my device , but this [ one ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vlcforandroid.vlcdirectprofree&amp;feature=related_apps#?t=w251bgwsmswxldewoswiy29tlnzsy2zvcmfuzhjvawqudmxjzglyzwn0chjvznjlzsjd ) is compatible . 
  will it do the same job effectively ? 
  the video player on the ace is decent ( although i 've only ever used it with videos i 've recorded myself ) . 
  i 've been meaning to upgrade my phone , because even the 2 year old tech of the ace is starting to hold me back . 
  i do n't tend to go for top rate models like the galaxy s as i have broken phones in the past , but the ace has served me well - this is actually the first major problem it has caused me . 
  i 'd like to hold onto it for a bit longer anyway . 
  what exactly does samsung kies do ? 
  edit : forgot something . 
  would you have a link to the samsung kies app ? 
  i 'm not sure which of the many kies related apps at the play store is the right one . 
  ok , thanks very much for your help . 
   plus it 's their way of pretending they 're really kind and helpful to society , while using schools to brainwash children . 
  brainwashing ? 
  a bit extreme in this day and age , no ? 
  considering how many people leave the irish school system with a diminished catholic faith ( including myself ) , i 'd go as far as saying that the church 's brainwashing days are coming to an end - which is undoubtedly a good thing . 
  i 'd consider myself in that boat . 
  i 'm not a very spiritual person , but i believe that there is some higher form of existence/power out there . 
  it 's not something that has a significant impact on my day-to-day life - it 's just part of my own personal take on life , the universe and such . 
  surely everybody is entitled to that ? 
  oh great , more protests . 
  lets make another scene so some people can feel good about themselves . 
  look , the irish congregation of the catholic church is shrinking and ageing , and the influence of the church is being chipped away at daily . 
  so i say we should all just ignore the catholic church , let the old people enjoy their faith , and it will eventually just go away ( or at least become so insignificant that we never have to talk about here again ), 
  in the countryside you 'll still come across quite a few people with a fairly devout christian faith , but other than that it 's just people above 45 .
