  if you ca n't see that , you must have your head * really * far up your own arse . 
   merely give a fuck, 
  deal with the immigrants , italy . 
   you know how i know you 're a racist ? 
  oh boy , this is gon na be good !, 
  please lecture us from your social justice-approved moral high ground . 
  i take it you 've never actually been on 4chan in that case . 
   then again we are on / r/4chan [ 1 ] where 99 % of the visitors are extremely sheltered middle class white kids who are just scared of people different to them . 
  as opposed to you , who is enlightened and far more perceptive than anybody in the middle classes could apparently hope to ever be ... 
   if you can see that , you 've got your head up their arse . 
  calm yourself , i 'm not even on the no side of the debate . 
   restrictions which of lofted would cause them no harm and would bring material benefits ( in areas such as physical and mental health ) to other people . 
  it 's only marriage . 
  if believing that is what helps you sleep at night , keep on truckin ' m8 . 
  intelligent discussion on / r/ireland is more the exception rather than the rule . 
  the steering wheel looks very unlike those in most ferraris . 
   do n't think for one second that just because your child looks forward to their special day with their school friends do they believe that theres some numpty in the sky who demands constant worship and gives kids cancer if they do n't get it . 
  wow , the hypocrisy . 
   honestly i think religious worship is a form of mental retardation in uneducated people . 
  i always think about the husbands of women who are religious nuts and just how sorry i feel for them . 
  stuck in this shitty relationship where the woman values an imaginary friend over their own real husband . 
  poor deluded fuckers thought to be ashamed of their own bodies . 
  and it gets better !, 
  the very fact that you would let your children partake in a religious ceremony despite not following that religion or believing that any religion at all has merit is hypocrisy . 
  not in the slightest . 
  you 're free to falsely assume whatever you wish . 
  but the difference between 4chan users and the rioting residents of baltimore is that people who use 4chan do n't blame an entire race of people for all their problems ( well , as long as you do n't take the jew jokes on / pol / seriously ) . 
  tumblr being a prime example of that . 
  well , it 's not * impossible * ... 
  fuck off back to tumblr . 
  that 's horseshit and you know it . 
  yeah , because that 's * totally * the reason he ran . 
  nothing to do with all those previous convictions or anything . 
  were you there ? 
   running from the police seems like the smartest move to me, 
  if you have done nothing wrong , running from the cops is one of the worst possible things you can do . 
  that 's no excuse to riot , dipshit . 
  that 's animalistic/childish behaviour . 
  and you know this how ? 
  while it may have been morally bankrupt , it did get results . 
  that 's not what i meant at all . 
   black lives are being treated like they do n't matter . 
  gon na need a source on that . 
  american people of all races are victims are on the receiving end of police brutality and negligence ( seriously america , you really need to sort out your police forces ) . 
  the * statistically verifiable * fact that black americans commit more crime just means that they are on the receiving end of the cops ' bullshit more frequently . 
  i 'm not saying cops ca n't be racist , but i do n't think it 's an institutional thing in vast majority of cases these days . 
  sure , if you 're impressed by facebook-tier image macros ... 
  no , there 's no whooosh . 
  i saw how you were trying to catch me out , but your attempt was flawed . 
  nice try though . 
   where you not baptized as a child yourself ? 
  i was . 
  grew up in a catholic family . 
  was a practicing catholic until about the age 18 . 
  i was already outside today . 
  it was raining and a bit cold . 
  regardless , i have to stay inside and finish a report for work today . 
  i went to cbs schools for my entire first and second level education , but they were cbs in name only . 
  i did n't give up on religion specifically because i had a problem with religion itself though , but i just do n't really like organised worship as per strict guidelines . 
  i 'd consider myself some form of agnostic now . 
  you 're right . 
  people such as myself may semi-jokingly give italy shit for the current immigrant issue , but that only obscures the fact that this is a problem for all of europe . 
  most of the immigrants do n't even stay in italy once they get out of the detention/immigration centres . 
  what i fear is that italy just wo n't be able to keep up with the influx and might just give up . 
  then all of europe is in a worse position that before . 
  the only options available at the moment are for the italians to take the spanish route of dealing with the immigrants , or for a europe-wide initiative to aid you guys in some way . 
  italy has tough times ahead in that regard . 
  not a chance . 
  i 'd wager that those guys are n't related to anonymous actual at all . 
  similar to how anybody can wear a guy fawkes mask , anybody can claim to be anonymous . 
  now that i notice it , the lock is a dead giveaway . 
  well spotted . 
  i still do n't understand why anybody with a few brain cells to rub together would build such a thing . 
  i can understand the baptisms just fine , but the communions and confirmations are a different story . 
  why does that guy attack you exactly ? 
  it 's a long time since i 've played odst . 
  not exactly a comment on the level itself , but the firefight mission based on this level is really tricky , especially if you 're trying to solo it . 
  in theory . 
  in practice , only a certain amount of people actually have the skills to do what anonymous has a reputation for doing . 
   you 're blaming an entire race for something, 
  might you point out where i did that ? 
   then arguing that people on 4chan do n't do things like that, 
  people on 4chan have a habit of disliking black people , but i rarely see them blame black people for their problems . 
  on the surface both are bad things to do , but they are different . 
  huh ? 
  carrying two spartan iis actually exceeds the max carry weight stamped on it . 
  i 'm still firmly on the side of the ford fusion theory . 
  it could have originated from some marketing deal 343i struck with ford . 
  german brands can do that and more . 
  more like 10 years ago . 
  until the financial crash , the big 3 were still churning out some very badly designed suvs for the american market . 
   i hate the fact that a 7/10 brit qt ca n't get justice for a sex game gone wrong in your clusterfuck of a judicial system . 
  eh , she brought that on herself to be fair ( if we 're talking about the same thing that is ) . 
  you 'd make the money back on gas/diesel mileage on certain models if you drive them enough . 
  modern euro cars are ridiculously efficient . 
  but what if you want to live in the countryside ( where house prices are cheaper anyway ) ? 
   as opposed to police being governmental departments instrumental in the oppression , destruction and disenfranchisement of black people . 
  you had me on board until you went full retard . 
   even the fact that we 're having a referendum on the issue is embarrassing enough . 
  do you not understand how a constitutional democracy works ?
