  i 'll stop mentioning it when they stop leaking their ~ ~ shit ~ ~ * content * onto the plounge . 
  [ ] ( / egtrixieisbesthuman ) that 's all pretty standard fare for as long as the plounge has existed - do n't worry . 
  hopefully not - the patriarchy is awesome !, 
  [ ] ( / trixieoh ) underappreciated ? 
  how so ? 
   like the mere mention of my my name makes everyone furious . 
  [ ] ( / trixiesocks ) i ca n't say i 've noticed that . 
  i see . 
  are you sure the mod was getting at op ? 
  it seems more like a psa aimed at more than one person to me . 
  i 'll admit , i would n't be around here enough to know exactly what / u/ferrarity was getting at , but would he/she really single out one member like that ? 
   and then argued it , they would leave with missing teeth . 
  jesus man , you 're taking this way too seriously - you 're just proving / u/a _ mirror 's point . 
  quit digging a hole for yourself . 
  we do n't have any intention of going out and raping people , so it 's all good . 
  not every person who makes a rape joke is a rapist . 
  no rapist that will ever see these jokes thinks that rape is acceptable . 
  despite the enjoyment he/she gets from it , they would have to be suffering from a mental illness to think that the act they were committing was perfectly okay . 
  reddit is full of jokes about other horrible things ; murder , war , famine , etc. 
  we either ban them all , or let them be - as bad as rape is , it 's just another thing on the list of black humour that is part of the reddit upholstery . 
  getting angry every time you see a joke being made about rape is a fruitless endevour . 
   rape jokes , however , lead to a culture that normalizes and trivializes rape . 
  same could be said for murder , or pretty much any other atrocity . 
   well , you 're wrong on all counts there . 
  here 's some interesting facts for you --  [ x ] [ x ], 
  these points do n't disprove what i said . 
  all i said was that rapists tend to know that what they are doing is wrong , * unless * they are of the mentally unstable type . 
  hence making jokes about rape is n't going to really affect whether they rape or not . 
   for some more reasons why rape jokes are dangerous , consider this well thought-out blog post and see if you agree or disagree . 
  that blog just raised points i 've heard a thousand times before from internet feminists . 
  if they did n't change my view before , it 's highly unlikely that it 's gon na work this time . 
  what 's that got to do with what i said ? 
  also , did srs shit all over this comment thread since yesterday ? 
  it 's a superior lifestyle alright . 
  why not ? 
  are you saying rape is worse than death and/or death of a loved one ? 
  $ 20 a month would take $ 20 out of my budget that i ca n't afford to spend on a subscription . 
   it is also a structural issue and something that is more proximate than casualties suffered in war . 
  i agree with the gist of your point , but i 'm not sure what you 're getting at here . 
  just spreading some karma around the world . 
  it would be - if netflix and hulu actually had the few tv shows i enjoy . 
  but even if they did , i could n't justify spending $ 20 on the subscription . 
  you asked me if that fact that i ca n't afford a netflix/hulu subscription is the reason i do n't use it . 
  yes it is - there are some shows on netflix that i 'd like to watch . 
  but it 's a bit of a moot point because there are a lot of shows that i try to follow that are not on those sites . 
  good point . 
  either that , or the writers are really bad at exposition . 
  i keep feeling like i need to have watched the tv series to understand half the stuff that 's going on in the films . 
  but then when i try to look up the relevant material , i find out that the films are following a very different canon ( especially in the 3rd one ) , so that ca n't be the case . 
  very useful , thanks . 
  even the writers of that article seem to readily admit in many cases that they have no clue what 's going on . 
  how exactly did gendo trick him ? 
  thanks man . 
  one final question if you 're feeling up for it though : why does eva-13 go all glowy and shit when shinji uses it to pull out the swords ? 
  does that mean one of them is fake ? 
  remind me , which eva was `` inside '' lilith ? 
  or was it just a manifestation of the angel that resided within ? 
   i guess this means gendo and ** his immense staff of 0 people ** built eva-13 from the remnants of one of the adams . 
  yeah , that struck me as odd when they pulled eva-13 out of nowhere with virtually zero explanation . 
  although i get the feeling that eva-13 's origins are definitely something that will be elaborated on in the 4th film . 
  how did it end up where lilith was at the end of 3.33 ? 
  yeah , when i was reading up on it in the wiki , i was surprised to learn that there had in fact been a third impact proper at some point during the intervening 14 years - it 's barely mentioned in 3.33 , and when it is , it 's rather ambiguous as to whether they are referring to the near third impact , or an actual third impact . 
  i 've never seen a movie before that left so much unresolved . 
  well , speaking only from my own point of view , vanquish is the game i 've had the most fun with recently . 
  it had completely flown under my radar when it came out a few years ago , and i picked it up on the recommendation somebody made for it here a few weeks ago . 
  it has the greatest 3rd person shooter combat and movement ever put into a game , and the fact that it never got a sequel is an absolute sin . 
  sure it 's cheesy as fuck , the story is just there to string levels together , and it 's a bit shorter than i 'd like . 
  but i can look over all that because it 's just beautifully put together . 
  so , if you have even the vaguest interest in an excellent cover-based sci-fi shooter that does n't take itself too seriously ( and has a button to smoke a cigarette while in cover , which can then be used to distract enemies !, 
  ) , vanquish is a game you should definitely try out . 
  at least look up a few gameplay videos of it in action . 
   while the films are following a different canon , there is a theory going around that has gained a good amount of acceptance that the rebuild films are a sequel/continuation of the series . 
  a sequel ? 
  how would that work ? 
  that 's what i 'm planning on doing tomorrow . 
  just wanted to check here first in case anybody had encountered the issue before . 
  hmm , that actually makes a lot of sense . 
  i might hold off on contacting support until then . 
  it 's only a few days anyway . 
  because the comfort zone of an introvert is awesome !, 
   even when you 've given up , there 's that part of you that just wishes like crazy that someone would say , `` hey , you wan na hang out ? 
  go do something ? '', 
  it 's not about relying on other people , it 's about having that mutual connection . 
  that sounds * exactly * like relying on other people . 
  some of us prefer not to be dependent on others . 
  was n't that extension proven to be loaded with malware there a few months ago ? 
  i remember reading about it on / r/technology around the time the hoverzoom extension was proved to also have malware . 
  that 's good . 
  i 've found a * seemingly * safe alternative in the meantime anyway , but it 's good to know i can use hola as a backup if needs be . 
  yeah , god forbid anybody has the money to buy a new car !, 
  i think the 141/142 system makes perfect sense - you 're overthinking it . 
  i love our licence plate system - it seems to be one of the few administrative things we 've got right in ireland . 
  it makes sense , allows you to gain a lot of information about a car at a single glace , and is considerably simpler than any other system i 've seen abroad . 
   also , it seems to be a free for all in terms of fonts used . 
  apparently they 've tightened the restrictions on number plate fonts/colours in recent years . 
  it was very bad though in the past alright . 
   i think it 's a bit silly . 
  we end up with more characters in your reg than on any other country 's plates i 've seen . 
  but even if you just remember the year , county , and colour/make of the car ( ignoring the reg number , which is usually the longest part ) it 's quite easy to track down a car , which is great from a legal perspective . 
  it may sound funnier with a hard g , but i was under the impression that the consensus was that `` doge '' is meant to be pronounced with a soft g - as in dojo .
