  there 's a very famous video clip of 2 insurgents in iraq ( i think ) who shoot an american soldier square in the chest with a soviet sniper rifle . 
  the soldier falls over , but is able to get straight back up again because of his armored vest the americans then return a hailstorm of fire from their armored humvee . 
  and you think a bunch of lads with equally archaic weaponry would be able to do any better ? 
  older teenage girls bullying a younger girl makes for top notch entertainment . 
  also , something i 've been wondering about the op : why is mio the only one not wearing her uniform during her profile segment ? 
  the mild sexualisation she receives ( not complaining ) just seems a bit out of place compared to the other girls . 
  is this kyoani indicating that she is indeed best girl ? 
  well i was referring specifically to panning shot each character initially receives accompanied by the slowly drifting image . 
  mio is the only one not in her uniform for the panning shot . 
   or is mio shown as wearing less clothing implying that she is more sensitive than the others ? 
  how are you drawing that implication ? 
   that humans inevitably have a sex, 
  to say such a cruel thing ... 
  now now , the lads over in / r/unitedkingdom would n't like to hear you using the word `` cuck '' . 
  considering all the hillary shills we 've had in here lately , i really ca n't tell if you 're being serious or not . 
  i 'd love to hear the logic for why trump belongs in jail from the person who posted it originally . 
  actually , on second thoughts i would n't . 
  `` crossover '' is the most accurate term . 
  suv works too . 
  the santa fe has proper 4wd . 
  but i 'm 99 % sure the vehicle in the picture is an ix35 , most of which are 2wd only . 
  especially in a 2wd ix35 with a 1.6 l diesel engine . 
   poster is clearly saying , `` look at this thick jackeen bollix , not knowing how to drive in rural areas '', 
  i believe that was the obvious intention , yes . 
  it 's a well-known stereotype that dubs ca n't handle rural driving , just like how people from beyond the pale ca n't drive in dublin . 
  but the ix35 ( the car in op 's picture ) * is * a qashqai rival - in fact it 's a bit smaller than the current qashqai . 
  the original qashqai is considered to be the first real crossover . 
  while the term suv is also applicable , it 's sort of a catch-all term and is moreso associated with larger vehicles thee days ; like the qashqai 's big brother the x-trail or the ix35 's big brother the santa fe . 
  when i see stuff like this , i often wonder how it 's possible to be * that * bad at driving . 
  no , no - that 's quite okay . 
  i 'd like to hold onto my sanity . 
  the website crashed when i entered my details . 
  i 'm not * that * unhealthy !, 
  my browser gave me a security warning about that link . 
  good to know that it cares about my sanity . 
   reminder that donald trump is a pedophile, 
  man , these people need something better to do with their time - and that 's coming from somebody like me . 
  i 'm getting a troubling srs vibe from that subreddit . 
  kindly never link it to me again , friendo . 
  ... yes . 
  i 'm still not sure where you 're going with this . 
  oh , so you 're one of them ... 
   male is a sex . 
  female is a sex . 
  to have a sex is to be male or female . 
  how is this a cruel statement ? 
  i want to prevent cruelty . 
  i was making a joke . 
  not everybody will inevitably have sex in their lives . 
   what i mean by saying that mio may be portrayed in the intro as wearing less clothing than the others is serving to further identify her as sensitive, 
  i think you may be using the word `` sensitive '' incorrectly there . 
   i do not want mio to be sexualized into an object . 
  well , that flies in the face of * a lot * of fan art i 've seen . 
  by the fans at least , she is easily the most sexualised . 
   i 'm smarter than 731,954 random people, 
  sure you are , friendo . 
  this is the reality germans deserve . 
   this is 4chan, 
  no it 's not . 
  this is reddit , where almost everybody wants to suck hillary 's dick . 
   no one cares . 
  your ability to shoot sperm into your wife does not qualify anything that comes out of your mouth beyond that act . 
  are you saying that men should have zero say on the abortion debate ? 
  ** edit : ** i know i 'm gon na regret taking this bait . 
   is it really `` sjw ultra left wing militant feminism '' to let women decide what happens to their bodies ? 
  i think he was referring moreso to the methods of fighting for the cause rather than the cause itself . 
  i base all my voting decisions on pissing off people i do n't like . 
  factually correct title for a post in / r/ireland that paints the pro-choice campaign in an ambiguous light . 
  it 's a bold move , cotton . 
  let 's see if it pays off . 
  earth , unfortunately . 
  the fear among many moderate pro-life people i 've encountered is that repealing the 8th may open the floodgates to abortion on demand down the line . 
  some of them actually do n't agree with the 8th amendment at all and acknowledge that it is a really inadequate piece of legislation , but that fear will dictate how they vote . 
  what does n't help matters in this regard is how many pro-choice folks are campaigning against the 8th on an `` abortion for all '' basis . 
  it is vandalism to be fair . 
  would you ( or / r/ireland in general ) be as complacent about it if it was a pro-life message ? 
  ... it was a joke . 
  maybe she wants to be pregnant ? 
  i know irish babies are as ugly as the rest of us , but not every woman in ireland only has children because the option for abortion is n't available . 
  why is vandalism fantastic ? 
  taxpayer 's money was spent creating that sign , now it will have to be replaced . 
  not exactly . 
  it receives a lot of state money to operate the luas . 
   i do n't think the country should get to ignore the facts . 
  who said anything about ignoring facts ? 
  i do n't think any sane person would deny that the 8th amendment endangers the lives of women . 
  that 's a matter of opinion for many people and you know it . 
  stop trying to stir shit . 
  disappointing . 
  many countries think otherwise when it suits them . 
  the un is frequently ignored due to differences in opinion . 
  my spoon is metal and clean . 
  i saw all the participating countries come out with their banners during the kilkenny-waterford match there on sunday and it piqued my interest . 
  but there does n't seem to be any coverage or even reporting on it , which is very disappointing and sort of a missed opportunity for the gaa . 
  well , it 's true . 
  we all make this observation as a somber fact , not a joke . 
   but it gets boring waaay faster than galway . 
  really ? 
  i 've been living in cork for nearly a decade now and i have n't got bored of the place . 
  spent a summer in galway working as a student though and i found it to be one of the most boring cities on earth outside of race week .
