  that 's fighting talk !, 
  i know that it has two nozzles as opposed to the one of the yak-141 , but surely the principle is the same , no ? 
  or is the swiveling mechanism different ? 
  i assume the same about anybody who actually uses the word `` beta '' or `` alpha '' to describe other people . 
  with all due respect , the situation is rather different with guys . 
  after all , 9 times out of 10 we 're expected to be the proactive ones on the dating scene . 
  oh right . 
  i just thought the mechanism on the two nozzles of the 38p would be similar . 
  learn something new every day . 
  i think that 's equally bad advice . 
  the same goes for unattractive men though . 
  i 'm not saying unattractive men are necessarily worse off than women , but the obligation to act in order to have a chance of romantic success combined with the perception of genderlessness/creepiness is an bad combination . 
   not really, 
  what do you mean ? 
  or maybe i 'm just being realistic ? 
  i disagree . 
  that 's all i can say . 
  one of the many reasons he is not popular with the ucc student body , from what i 've heard . 
  ah , sure you 're not watching enough reeling in the years if you have n't seen that . 
  slippery auld bastard , so he is . 
   new, 
  buddy , / r/halo 's bi-polar hyper-negativity and hyper - ... er , hype is n't something new . 
  he was perfect in halo reach , and even halo 4 was fine . 
  but ever time i watch a halo 5 multiplayer video , his over-done voice just grates on me . 
  it 's rather distracting too . 
  it 's like the commentator is over-enthusiastically praising you for all to hear now , like you 're some sort of child . 
  whereas i just want low key , gravelly acknowledgement of my feats like you 'd from a peer on the hypothetical battlefield . 
   the fight for women 's rights is as important as ever . 
  women are overwhelmingly under-represented in senior academic roles at third-level institutions in ireland . 
  getting a bit preachy ... 
  4chan culture is the only thing that keeps the normies out . 
  and even at that , it often fails . 
  he sorta is . 
  while he correctly points out the nature of the culture , he 's also actively bemoaning the fact that 4chan culture keeps certain people out , even though that is its * exact * purpose . 
  nobody who actually likes 4chan wants the place to be filled with facebook normalfags, 
  pretty much everything he stands for . 
  halo 3 and reach got it just right . 
  behaviour is extension of attitude . 
   hostility is good , being a massive autist about it is n't, 
  that should be on the 4chan banner or something . 
  what is with all the femanon posts recently ? 
  survive 2 nukes and recover ; the two step process to earning the respect of the white man . 
  how oblivious are you to what goes on in your own country ? 
  like , the whole shannon debacle was a pretty big thing a few years ago in ireland . 
  i 've yet to see many outspoken femanons on the boards i visit though . 
  and even on the rare occasion that they do bring up their gender , they 're politely told that it 's not fucking relevant . 
  which ira might you been talking about ? 
  because there 's only one incarnation of the ira the irish people need to be grateful to the irish-americans for funding . 
  ** edit : ** some people do n't know their history . 
   well , we 're pretty sure he sent chief to requiem, 
  what 's the source on this ? 
  surely animal rights groups have more significant concerns than this ? 
  you 're grasping at straws , lad . 
  it 's a well known that women are let off the hook by garda\u00ed far more often than men . 
  hell , i 've had it happen twice in cars i was in where a woman was driving . 
  yeah ... that does n't cut it , ming, 
  evidently so . 
  man , you do n't keep up with current events much , do you ? 
  i always found the hysteria about blurred lines to be quite entertaining . 
  well , except when the feminists started getting it banned in places ... 
   why are they now getting off less ? 
  feminism ? 
  the strv103 is n't technically a td though , is it ? 
  based on what i 've read , the swedish had their reasons for wanting such a tank design during the cold war . 
  nah - maybe they just want the world to remember and acknowledge only one attempted genocide ? 
  sounds rather stupid . 
  if we stopped talking about everything dan and the other trolls of this subreddit mentioned during any one of their incomprehensible rants , we 'd have nothing left to talk about except gareth brooks and how we all felt on a sunday morning . 
  personally i have no hang-ups about talking about knackers and scumbags , regardless of how many bleeding heart types come to their defence . 
  pavee point got to him . 
   if i wanted to use an offensive traveler slur specific to travelers who act like knackers - which i do n't , generally - i 'd use the word ` pikey ' . 
  yep , that 's the way to do it . 
  every subreddit should have a resident troll to deter other trolls from moving in on their turf . 
   it is offensive to travellers . 
  but `` knacker '' is n't an insult that applies specifically to travellers . 
  in my home town , the number of non-traveller knackers far outweighs the number of traveller knackers , and that 's even in a town with a sizeable traveller population . 
  stop trying to make a scandal where there is none . 
   you 're saying that people using a word that specifies your ethnic group, 
  but it does n't specify travellers specifically ( implying that they 're even an ethnic/racial group anyway ) . 
  do you even know where the word comes from ? 
  reddit does n't masquerade as a legitimate news source though . 
  do they happen to be mentally deficient , these girls ? 
  not true . 
  it 's a fucking school . 
  they are more than entitled to enforce an appropriate dress code . 
  your point being ? 
  i 'll never forget the week i misplaced my gardenia . 
  i was mortified . 
  schools are entitled enforce dress codes . 
  some people in this thread clearly think otherwise , which is really disheartening . 
  schools are entitled to enforce a dress code . 
  what part of that do n't you understand ? 
  exactly . 
  i 'm somebody who cares * very * little about how i look ( except when i 'm at work - people from work are often rather shocked at how different i look if they see me out and about on a weekend or something ) , but i at least always ensure to be dressed appropriately for wherever i may happen to be going out in the public - if only to not draw attention to myself for one thing . 
  he 's talking about lizard squad . 
  i 'm not asking anybody to get annoyed about it - it would be stupid to do so . 
  i am however irritated by the fact that people ca n't seem to recognise that schools and other establishments are entitled to enforce dress codes . 
  still , i see no problem with a school enforcing a reasonable dress code for * anybody * who enters their premises . 
   really we need a traveler to come here and tell us what they think of it . 
  preferably not one of the ones that cry `` racism '' any time a criticism is leveled at the traveller community though . 
  could n't have said it better myself .
