  i await downvotes from people who have never had to deal with either group on a regular basis . 
   the poorest people in society will always have a disproportionally high crime rate, 
  being poor is no excuse for being a criminal . 
  you tarnish the names of generations of upstanding poor people by saying that . 
  it 's nobody 's fault but their own . 
   perhaps the good ones are the minority now, 
  that 's only dawning on you now ? 
  at all ? 
  even on a cultural or local level ? 
  damn , this comment perfectly hit the nail on the head !, 
  seriously , well said . 
   shout outs to the manchildren, 
  how open-minded of you ... 
  er , all that describes is a group of people who would be well-deserving of ~ ~ hate ~ ~ . 
  ** edit : ** okay , hate might be a bit strong of a word . 
  but that quote * does not * describe nice people , that 's an undeniable fact that i 'd like to see somebody challenge me on . 
   a fact that poorer parts of society have higher crime rates, 
  nor would i dispute that . 
  but poverty is n't a * justification * for criminal activity . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  seeing your comment in my inbox make me thing i was receiving some top secret military report . 
  nice formatting . 
  who are you to say when a fetus becomes a person ? 
   coupled with huge discrimination and stereotyping, 
  which is arguably deserved given the typical behaviour of the majority of the travelling community . 
  as immoral as it may be , * stereotyping * travellers as being dangerous arguably kept me safe when growing up in a town plagued by them . 
  `` reasonable '' . 
  now this is meta . 
  seriously though , the wanker who posted over there did n't even have the gall to use his main account . 
  twist it whatever way you want - that 's the reality of the situation . 
  i feared travellers growing up due to what they were known for doing on a regular basis , and that fear towards the community influenced my behaviour in order to preserve my own safety . 
   that 's exactly the same thing that all bigots say, 
  it 's so easy to throw around the word `` bigot '' when you have zero first hand experience of the situation on the ground . 
   and similar to other bigots, 
  you guys sure do love throwing that word around without a shred of experience or understanding of the reality of the situation on the ground . 
  you 're all like armchair generals criticising the decisions of field commanders while watching ww2 documentaries . 
  not that the two situations are equivalent mind , but the analogy is apt . 
  no legal effect is fine by me . 
  i knew there would be somebody who would take the analogy too literally , but yes - for the purpose of the comparison , i am . 
  happy ? 
  that 's right buddy . 
  your self-righteousness is justified . 
  unlike aaaaaalll the other people over on / r/shitredditsays . 
  i can make a non-war analogy if you 'd like ? 
  it 's just the first one that popped into my head . 
  obviously you find it easier to pick at the analogy rather than the actual content of my comment , so i 'm not exactly expecting an intelligent response either way . 
  i can make a non-war analogy if you 'd like , because you people ca n't seem to see past it . 
   shitty and judgemental, 
  calling me judgmental i can sorta understand , but how am i `` shitty '' for having an opinion founded in extensive personal experience ? 
  should we not have opinions based on personal experience ? 
  because , y' know , that 's something humans have done since time immemorial . 
  ha , i 've never thrown a punch in my life . 
  i just have an interest in military history . 
  is having such an interest indicative of who i am as a person ? 
  if so , you 're slandering a lot of other military history buffs . 
   ... just realized that , with the irish and their wwii history , you probably were n't picturing an allied commander ... 
  you do n't know anything about our history , do you ? 
  not really . 
  i put as much weight in the opinions of the social justice crowd as i do in the opinions of dogs . 
  travellers are n't a race for one thing , so it 's impossible to racist towards them . 
  if you 'd be so kind as to elaborate . 
  not familiar enough with it to have a strong opinion either way . 
  now let 's watch / r/ireland upvote this to the stratosphere simply because it 's a post promoting drug legalisation . 
  like clockwork . 
   i think i 'll stick with you being an ss commander . 
  if you so wish . 
  i would * hate * to stand in the way of your ability to be self righteous . 
  travellers , yes . 
  roma , not yet but i 'm getting there . 
   / r/ireland is incredibly right wing, 
  u wot ?!, 
  / r/ireland is sickeningly left wing !, 
   because social justice is a good thing . 
  man , srd really has changed ... 
  this place was so much more fun in the past . 
   copy-pasted talking points and false assumptions . 
  i fail to see how . 
  you 're just making wide-sweeping statements without even trying to back them up . 
  you are aware of how small the irish travelling community actually is , right ? 
  i think you 're fundamentally misunderstanding the point of that subreddit . 
  the difference is , i gave reasons for why i think as i do . 
  you may not agree with them , but that 's irrelevant . 
  what do you mean ? 
  so it 's your personal experience versus mine , eh ? 
  how the hell is it my fault ? 
   i used to be able to recite the names of every train in order . 
   used to, 
  step up your game , normie . 
  i 'll get you started : thomas , edward , henry , gordon , james , percy ... 
   all that cgi shite on the front page, 
  even if they engaged in consexual sex and a child/fetus/thing has to die because of that choice and corporal sovereignty ? 
  well i strongly disagree with that . 
  if that 's the case , abortion just becomes another means of contraception for the irresponsible . 
  all i said was that / r/ireland 's sickeningly left wing . 
  does that alone make me a `` shithead '' ? 
  toby is number 7 . 
  but it most definitely exists on / r/ireland . 
  anybody with a pair of eyes could see that . 
  i think the covenant were at their visual best in reach . 
  the elites and jackals in particular looked amazing .
