  a phrase that has become all too common . 
   it is your prudish attitude towards sex that is the issue here . 
  although i would n't necessarily say i 'm prudish , i do n't see anything wrong with holding such views . 
  i did n't saw it was bad . 
  but it 's certainly odd - almost like a cross between the halo 4 and halo reach armor aesthetics . 
  halo 5 better have a longer campaign than halo 4 if they plan on fitting in so many named characters ( in a meaningful way - not just cheap cameos ) . 
  i ca n't be complaining about all of the problems all of the time . 
  this post was about sex , contraception , etc. 
  so that 's what i zeroed in on . 
  surely that makes logical sense ? 
  i guess that defeats the purpose of having a really thorough driver training course . 
  oooh , that looks like it 's gon na make an awesome desktop wallpaper when it 's completed . 
   but it all boils down to you not wanting your tax money going towards people enjoying sex . 
  well , you could look at it that way , yes . 
  am i not allowed complain when i see my tax money being spent on such things ? 
  i know the alternative is way more expensive , but just because something is the lesser of two evils does n't make it an absolute good . 
  goddammit , do n't tell me the epilogue lied ? 
  this makes me sad for reasons i ca n't quite articulate . 
   the fact that you refer to it as `` an evil '' is also very telling . 
  that was a metaphor - i was n't calling it an actual evil . 
  it 's tax money , not a fucking ritual child sacrifice . 
  also , bike lanes are great . 
  i have no problem with my tax money being spent on them . 
  eh , i do n't think its practical benefit is as tangible as bike lanes though . 
  also , bike lanes are a common good . 
  the same ca n't really be said for sex . 
  but that 's regret in that terminal video . 
  ah yes , i vaguely remember now . 
  i always found it odd that the seeker was so capable considering how weak/ineffective covenant ai tend to be in other parts of the lore . 
  i was referring to linda . 
  you got ta admit that they 're slick though . 
  undeniably the best at what they do . 
  bit much of a coincidence running into walker . 
  the galaxy is pretty damn big . 
   especially with how adamant he was being about his flight off world at that specific time . 
  oooh , good point . 
  i had n't picked up on that . 
   palmer, 
  and nothing of value was lost . 
  well , except her really nice scout armor . 
  maybe she might be so courteous to take it off before she dies . 
  * spartans never die, 
  i do n't usually correct people on quotes , but if you 're on this subreddit you better be getting that one right at the very least . 
   343 has the potential here to create the best halo game to date, 
  more importantly , they have the potential to make me buy an xbox one . 
   i got the impression that was precisely the intention , they were testing ben , and mendez was flushing it out of him . 
  what were they testing him for though ? 
  and if sully was going to push a deadline on him and essentially fire ben , what was the point of the mendez interview ? 
  were n't there certain differences in the augmentations though ? 
  i read somewhere that the iv augmentations were n't quite as thorough or effective as those of ii programme . 
  but would n't the augmentations be less effective since they were implemented on adults and not children ? 
  we 're talking about active spartans though . 
  osman does n't count . 
  neither does maria . 
  who else are you thinking of ? 
  wait , #teamkurt ? 
  i 'd literally just be buying the xbone for halo 5 at this point in time though . 
  it would be a sizable investment for just one game . 
   that might be your point , ca n't really tell, 
  exactly . 
  bit * too * much of of a coincidence to be sheer luck . 
   i 'm guessing john is tricked into unearthing him, 
  would n't be the first time . 
  he was more or less tricked into releasing the didact in halo 4 too . 
  i really hope that does n't become a plot element to be honest . 
  i know who he is , but i 'm questioning why you 're supporting him at this point in time . 
  that `` glasslands chick '' is naomi . 
  red team are mia . 
  i do n't know enough about grey team though to make a call on them though . 
  even though he `` died '' once , i think it 's safe to say not even a spartan can survive what happened to kurt on onyx . 
  i have no fondness for her and i feel like she has been poorly developed as a character . 
  most of those are just things that she did rather than character development . 
  i thought we exiled them ? 
   i dislike the attitude towards money and the type of person who has it that is willing to spend that much on a car . 
  because god forbid people make their own decisions regarding what they spend their money on . 
  it used to be moreso bmw drivers , but as jeremy clarkson ( are we allowed mention his name around here any more ? ), 
  accurately pointed out a few years ago , the crown seems to have moved to audi drivers . 
  i 'd disagree . 
  especially when it comes to mercedes . 
  they tend to be driven by old men or wealthy housewives , which means it 's more of an incompetence thing for merc drivers than driving like a prick . 
  is this gon na become a thing now ? 
  is this something i can invest my money in ? 
  because it 's just burning a hole in my pocket since i sold all my pepe stock before the crash . 
  fair point . 
   do you know of anywhere i can get it ? 
  the same place people get fansubs for anime . 
  why ? 
  what 's inherently wrong with having a nice car if you can afford it ? 
  yeah , they 're the main reason i stopped reading the comics . 
  why get angry about the bad art when halo canon can do it for me ? 
  germany 's is oddly specific . 
   heineken at a wake, 
  jaysus lad , this you must be going to a lot of low brow protestant funerals . 
  most irish `` catholics '' wheel out the best stuff for a funeral , even moreso than for a wedding . 
  and i 've been to many a funeral where i was better fed than any wedding i 've attended . 
  unless your bookie is particularly retarded . 
  i think you 're just looking for a reason to be offended at this stage . 
  shinty six ? 
  i 'm just surprised that they got mendez on board with the conspiracy . 
  how about people who do n't really care about being pc but at the same time do n't make any overt attempt to be edgy ?
