  pretty much , yeah . 
  watch the news , britbro . 
  eat enough of it and you would . 
  that said , supermacs or burger king would be a better stomach-filler . 
  ah yeah , but here we can openly mock him . 
  it should be , considering the role garda\u00ed fulfill . 
  mansluts , if you will . 
  sure thing . 
  i would go on a date ? 
  what do you take me for ? 
  i feel like this is the most important upvote i 've ever given . 
  loi in a nutshell really . 
   i care just as much about the means as the outcome if people are brainwashed into doing good i do not want that . 
   brainwashed, 
  here we go again with the hyperbole ... 
  also , as a pragmatic individual i care far more about the positive outcome than the personal motivations . 
  i 'd rather see a hungry child be fed than worry myself over why the person gave them bread . 
   abortion, 
  you do n't have to be religious to appose abortion ( e.g. 
  myself ) . 
  most people i know who oppose it are n't religious in the slightest . 
   terrorism, 
  historically terrorism has been more often than not politically-motivated rather than religiously motivated ( although admittedly that seems to be changing in recent times ) . 
   throw it away as it slows progress . 
  you do realise that the catholic church was one of largest ( if not * the * largest ) patrons of science and education in history ? 
  you 're glossing over why i proposed that analogy as a counterpoint to what you said previously ; the law is n't always there to punish you if you do n't do the right thing/something good . 
  first time watcher , and after today 's episode she 's already challenging shizuka from oregairu as my favourite female sensei . 
  today on cooking with k-on !, 
  we 'll show you how to transform a sweet , wholesome cake into a hardcore cake that you would n't dream of serving to your parents . 
  to begin , you 're gon na need some grade a blackmailing material ... 
  yeah , shizuka was a god-tier sensei in season 1 ( and the ova just made her even better ) . 
  however , i strongly disliked season 2 , so she fell from grace a bit along with my love for oregairu . 
  but she will still take some beating . 
   i would say that about 90 % of top level scientists being atheists would show otherwise . 
  source ? 
   we are all gon na make it brah, 
  but why did he lie ? 
  i knew my daily reminder that i 'm a disappointment to my parents was overdue . 
   contemporary fitting styles, 
  what does this even mean ? 
  it sounds like notions to me ... 
  what koreanon described is do-able though . 
  i did something similar a few years ago when i was staying in an holiday apartment block in spain ( main router for the building was in a hallway under a table ) . 
  normies were using too much bandwidth , so i throttled it to the point where they could just about load facebook and that was it . 
  trump 's campaign is remarkably well-organised and managed though . 
  there 's no denying that . 
  nah , just the knackers and pikeys . 
  also the sjws you find in tcd and nuig . 
  what 's the decline like now ? 
   headphones are headphones . 
  no-one 's gon na judge you on that shit, 
  unless they 're beats . 
   but as a republican i 'd argue that it was the king who violated the constitution first . 
  yeah , well , your opinion does n't matter in a historical context . 
   my friends dont do weird shit and yet i still got ta fit under the category of those who do . 
  by virtue of being a furry , you * are * doing weird shit . 
  apparently ucc is developing a similar issue too , at the behest of their students union . 
   he should get a generic oversized , overpriced suit from marks , pair it with a striped shirt from dunnes and a horrible chunky pair of shoes from penneys . 
  he should pick up a tie from the local oxfam or svp shop for 50 cent while he is at it . 
  something polyester that matches a mid 1960s wallpaper, 
  if it works , it works . 
  i would n't advise buying the suit from m&s though - too expensive . 
  dunnes stores often sell the components for suits though ( self-assembly required though ) . 
  why does the ideal of business owners banning phones from their premises rile up / r/technology so much ? 
  i think i may have answered my own question there . 
  i 'm sure there 's an attraction for a certain type of person in a bar where phones are banned . 
  quit being so negative . 
  this comments section is ridiculous . 
  it might annoy other patrons if they 're just there for a quiet drink . 
  ** edit : ** you guys are salty as fuck . 
  nobody is forcing you to go to his bar . 
  why the hostility ? 
  it might be enough to support a bar - who knows ? 
  i 'd go there if it was in my area . 
  it 's hard to ban one and allow the other when they 're both services provided by the same device . 
   only an asshole would go in there , and bitch that they ca n't get a signal . 
  it seems like / r/technology has a lot of these types of people . 
  maybe , or a clever way of making some extra cash . 
  either way , somebody who would do that clearly does n't want mobile devices on their premises to begin with . 
  but again , nobody is being forced to go to the bar . 
  some people want to be in a drinking environment where there are no ringtones and people having phone conversations . 
  i know that it 's something i 'd like . 
   i would just go somewhere else . 
  as you are entitled to do so . 
  just as this business owner is entitled to run his business as he wishes within the confines of the law . 
  hearing ringtones constantly going off and/or people having full blown conversations in a bar can be annoying . 
  many people do n't have enough social decorum , hence i would like a bar where phones are banned . 
  it 's a free market , and if somebody is willing to provide such a bar in my area , i will frequent it . 
  what part of `` you 're not obliged to visit the bar/restaurant '' do n't you understand ? 
  establishments with such rules are a * tiny * fraction of the bars and restaurants available to you . 
  ... are you seriously asking that question ? 
  if i have to listen to ringtones and phone conversations from another table while i 'm having meal , that sure as hell is gon na annoy me . 
  ... are you seriously asking that question ? 
  if i have to listen to ringtones and phone conversations from another table while i 'm having meal , that sure as hell is gon na annoy me . 
  it 's the other clients who * do * use their cellphones that are the problem for people who might visit the bar in the op . 
   they can go to any pub and not be disturbed by their phones, 
  what about the phones of other people in the bar ? 
  so , you get to dictate how a publican runs their bar based on your preferences ? 
  jesus christ , get over yourself . 
   but i have the right to not give them my patronage and to encourage others not to do so either .
