  why must you turn our subreddit into a house of lies ? 
   or fuck off kid . 
  yeah , we 're done here , friendo . 
  there 's a very good chance that i 'm older than you , and i 've put up with enough teenage bullshit in this thread for a lifetime . 
  interpret this as the `` victory '' you seem to care so much about if you so wish . 
  i stand by what i said though , just for the record . 
  yep . 
  that was definitely it . 
  well done . 
  you saw through my elaborate ruse . 
  you truly are the adult among us . 
   the idea that phone usage is ` antisocial ' is dumb . 
  * you * think it 's dumb . 
  others evidently disagree . 
   do other people not put their phone on vibrate or step outside to make a call ? 
  not often enough . 
   yes , like most of this sub , which is what your post asked, 
  time and time again reddit has been proven not to be representative of any given society . 
  much less a specific subreddit . 
  regardless , so what if he fails ? 
  he tried something new , and maybe it fails ? 
  what of it ? 
  if nobody took that risk we would n't have any new businesses . 
   imagine if someone attacked this place and held everyone hostage . 
  hyperbole much ? 
  ... are you implying that all bars are bad because they serve alcohol ? 
  and that all people who frequent bars are alcoholics ? 
  because if so , those are two of the most ignorant implications i have ever see . 
  the chances of a terrorist attack happening in that specific bar are miniscule , * bro * . 
  should we let that minuscule chance dictate how we live our lives and operate our businesses beyond reason ? 
  ... but i have n't downvoted a single person in this comments section . 
  i 've been on reddit long enough to know what the downvote button is actually for . 
   `` are really neutral ? '', 
  not in the eyes of international law , no . 
  nowhere in the constitution or legislation is ireland officially declared a neutral country . 
  we are merely `` unaligned '' . 
  they have little to no armor to be fair . 
  surprisingly easy to shoot down an unarmored cas turboprop with a machine gun if you have good aim . 
  well , nobody really . 
  but remember the hissy fit people threw when the raf crossed our airspace to intercept that russian bomber ? 
  military spending is a big pr no-no in irish politics . 
  that said , our navy could justifiably be expanded . 
  would be nice to have a proper air force too if we 're gon na bother with one at all . 
  if it 's ever refurbished , i sure as hell better get a room with a view !, 
  apparently there 's some fund that insurance companies pay into to cover the claims of customers who belong to an insurance firm that goes bust . 
  but i was n't aware that there was a pan-european fund of that type - i was only aware of the domestic irish one . 
  i 'm obviously scant on details here , but hopefully somebody else will come along to fill the gaps in my knowledge . 
  yeah , i saw it . 
  i knew it had been refloated , but are they gon na scrap it or what ? 
   unaligned, 
  what 's the difference ? 
   most decent human beings would respect that, 
  the type of person who would be making noise on their phone in a public area tend not to be the decent type , so reasoning with them is usually futile . 
  also , why are you choosing to throw me an implied insult rather than accepting that people have different preferences when it comes to a drinking/socialising environment ? 
  saying it once is enough . 
  i 've already addressed what you said . 
  regardless , i should n't * have * to ask them in the first place anyway . 
   even if we had a super modern air corps we 're not going to shoot down either one so fuck it . 
  you do realise that interceptng = / = shooting down ? 
  so you 'd prefer if all bars were shut down ? 
   so accept that you sometimes have to deal with inconsiderate people instead of dreaming of a system that removes choice entirely . 
  no dreaming necessary . 
  the man in the op proved that such a system already exists and it 's wonderful . 
   so your argument is based on the assumption that people are dicks , what a sound reasoning to enforce a restriction on everyone . 
  the restriction is only applied to those who * choose * to frequent the bar . 
  what part of that do n't you understand ? 
   the ` normal ' thing to do in this situation is to make a complaint to the staff and they 'll take care it . 
  maybe the bar owner in the op was receiving far too many of these complaints ? 
   people have different preferences and you still think it 's alright to force them onto one specific preference ? 
  that 's why different types of bars exist on the free market . 
  it 's actually * you * that 's advocating that bars all cater to the same type of person . 
   and do n't give me the `` they dun like it they darn better leave '' crap , you do n't separate the population by enforcing different restrictions . 
  that 's how the fucking free market works , you moron . 
  this is n't communist russia . 
   here is an idea : if you want people to not use their phone in your business how about you use communication to encourage less use of phones ? 
  like a sign or something . 
  but no , let 's take the extreme route instead . 
  you are beyond reasoning with as you just lack a fundamental understanding of the free market . 
  you do realise that nobody is * forcing * you to go to this bar ? 
  no , of course you do n't . 
  you 're so self-absorbed that you ca n't comprehend that there might be a market for a bar where phones are banned . 
  maintaining the sovereign integrity of your airspace without having to rely on a foreign power to do so ? 
  we have a navy that does it for the sea - why should we lack an air force that can do it for the air ? 
   why would you want to go to a place where people can not contact you ? 
  because you do n't mind being uncontactable for a few hours ? 
  i 'm not the fucking president , and neither are you . 
   if anything , the things my people read on their phones are often starting points for conversations . 
  jesus , talk about a lack of conversation skills . 
  are you implying that / r/technology users are all intolerant cunts who do n't understand how the free market works ? 
   if russia ever took a real interest in doing damage to ireland we 'd be fucked regardless so what does it matter ? 
  exactly , it does n't . 
  so why do we have an air force at all ? 
  i 'd rather have no air force than a pathetically pointless one that still costs money . 
  the helicopter corps should be integrated into the army and use the savings to buy more helicopters . 
  we kinda do need more helicopters though . 
  as it is , the air corps and garda\u00ed share helicopters which is absolutely ridiculous . 
   only a brainwashed `` m'urican '' would think that government regulations translates to communism, 
  i 'm not american . 
   you claiming to stand for freedom while in the same breath advocating the removal of choice is beyond reason . 
  i never once advocated the removal of choice .
