  i 'm gon na need some help here guys . 
  hmm , this post is getting popular enough to reach the front page . 
  how soon until it gains sjw attention ? 
  that sentiment wo n't go down well here . 
  strangely disappointing . 
  so what you 're saying is , mass suicide ? 
  well , i was exceptionally drunk when i made that comment . 
  this has to be sarcasm ... 
   we openly hate and commit warcrimes or cry out in anger , but we fuck/make love/talk about feelings behind closed doors . 
  you say this like it 's a bad thing . 
   i ca n't believe it 's not 2015, 
   using facebook, 
  i fail to see how . 
  debatable . 
   thinking facebook was ever anything other than a cancerous plague, 
   being this pleb, 
   not deleting your facebook account years ago, 
  what about those east german female weight-lifters and swimmers ? 
  are you perhaps mentally deficient ? 
  in soviet russia , they were women ripe for the birthing of strong communist children . 
  i can smell your ignorance from all the way over here , m8 . 
  if you seriously think blaming the jews for shit was the only function / pol / served , you 're a helpless moron . 
   being on / r/4chan, 
   accusing people of having no friends, 
  hello newfriend . 
   assuming otherwise, 
  still failing to see . 
  maybe you should explain it , instead of resorting to childish insults . 
   result to such insults, 
  how so ? 
  everybody has got to have a hobby , and taking internet dating seriously is just setting yourself up for disappointment anyway . 
  what if the threat is at a distance ? 
  text flairs tend to work well if the mods have a sense of humour about it . 
  i 've collected some weird ones from my time in other subreddits over the years . 
  they 're not mutually exclusive . 
  well , he * does * visit / mu /, 
  that 's a rather stupid idea . 
  your mother raised you well . 
  what 's wrong with `` femanon '' ? 
  huh , i thought titanfall would have worked well on pc . 
  i 'm well aware of that and appreciate the anonymous nature of 4chan . 
  but as a title for posts on / r/4chan , i see no problem with using femanon when the anon in question is female . 
  i 'm well aware of that and appreciate the anonymous , genderless nature of 4chan . 
  but as a title for posts on / r/4chan , i see no problem with using femanon when the anon in question is female . 
  way to completely ignore my point . 
  it 's all about context . 
  disasters = / = accidents . 
  the vast majority of the incidents listed on that page were minor enough to have zero negative health effects for the surrounding populace . 
  seriously , you 're coming across as seriously uneducated in the issue . 
  what kind of stupid question is that ? 
  or was it a poor attempt at a joke ? 
  christ , me too . 
  that was such a long time ago . 
  i think the slow rate of video releases made me lose interest in the series . 
  i might binge watch them now that it 's over though . 
  i was led to believe that the japanese were sexually repressed . 
  your story conflicts with this belief . 
   disregarding context when deciding whether something is correct or incorrect, 
   not appreciating the context of the website we are currently on, 
  this is n't 4chan last time i checked . 
  hey now , lets not argue with the girl . 
  / a / freaked the fuck out about this a week or so ago . 
  and in one of the threads , it was claimed 2chan and some of the other japanese anime/manga boards were n't best pleased either . 
  eventually it all descended into blaming fujos for everything . 
  but what about using sexual humour ? 
  is n't that indicative of somebody who is * not * sexually repressed ? 
  that 's * never * the solution to any problem . 
  ever . 
  b-b-but it 's not pure like yuri !, 
  read up on the rules of the internet . 
  and i doubt there will be any rush to do so , for some reason ... 
   what 2 chubby guys holding hands ? 
  yeah world ending . 
  when a guy and a girl hold hands , pregnancy occurs . 
  imagine what could happen if two fat guys held hands ? 
   is it so hard to believe that other fetishes or sexual orientations exist outside of your straight male bubble ? 
  because the vast majority of western anime fans are straight males ? 
  it is n't really that hard to comprehend why at all . 
  most likely a fujo of some sort . 
  what about this post would imply it is n't ? 
  depends on the anime you watch . 
  might wan na set out some nets or trampolines there , m8 . 
  otherwise it 's gon na get messy . 
  shit taste detected . 
  nothing can be as pure as yuri . 
  i do n't see why not . 
  it 's not like the otaku are shielded from criticism either . 
  the pain never ends . 
  i knew this post would bring at least one misery-guts out of the woodwork . 
  i do n't believe i said anything to the contrary ... 
  i worked too hard for my ranks ( seriously , i 'm a decent player , but getting to diamond was difficult ) . 
  while i may not be necessarily upset if i lose them tomorrow , it does seem like a bit of a waste . 
  i 'm * unfortunately * well aware of what kancho is and i do n't think it 's as common as people make it out to be . 
   last reset , i dropped from diamond v to diamond iii , for example . 
  that does n't seem too bad . 
  thanks for the info . 
  what defines the x amount of time though ? 
  it seems to vary quite a bit for me . 
  and ? 
  ( a ) they 're not technically naked , and ( b ) i do n't think this figurine art accurately represents the show .
