  so ... what 's the point of the article then ? 
  huh , considering you 're one of the most left-leaning members of / r/ireland that i can think of , i 'm very surprised that you 're supportive of purchasing weapons of war . 
   do n't just drop an insult and run off like a pussy, 
   if you 've a point to make you should explain it or otherwise stfu !, 
  oooh , it 's like i 'm back in secondary school . 
  seriously though , everybody else has articulated great counter-points to your bullshit but you 're just choosing to willfully ignore them . 
  i 'm not going to waste my time . 
  i eagerly await another barrage of teenage insults . 
  i totally agree . 
  i 've long been in favour or expanding our navy and giving the army better equipment . 
  but in terms of air power , as much as i 'd like having fighter jets to patrol our airspace , i ca n't really see the point . 
  use the money to invest in more helicopters . 
  they are far more versatile and suit our needs better . 
  huh , til . 
  seems like a waste . 
  ah right , fair enough . 
  definitely something worth finding more information on alright . 
  must we live up to the reddit stereotype of being obsessed with drug legalisation/decriminalisation ? 
  like , i have no problem with decriminalisation , but it seems that every time * anybody * of note says * anything * about drugs , there is a post on / r/ireland about it . 
  and it 's always highly upvoted and people make the exact same points in the comments over and over again . 
  i fail to see how i 'm being contrarian . 
  hey , that 's not fair - there are some popular opinions that i agree with . 
  it 's just that / r/ireland likes to think its consensus on things is popular opinion when it often is n't . 
  i always back up my points , so i do n't think i 'm contrarian because i 'm not disagreeing just for the sake of it . 
  for the record , i support drug decriminalisation but not legalisation . 
  i see nothing pretentious about having opinions . 
  some of my opinions agree with that of the majority , others do n't . 
  are you saying every one of your opinions aligns with that of majority ? 
  if so , it sounds like you 're just going with the flow and ca n't form opinions of your own . 
  which is unfortunately not uncommon today ... 
  do you really see military aircraft as phallic though ? 
  genuinely curious . 
  you sure do like calling people `` pussy '' ... 
  how much do you spend on tin foil per annum ? 
   not so i can impress people with my contrarian nature like yourself . 
  lots of people out there look to be contrarian because they think it makes then look smart and you are undeniably one of those people . 
  you 're gon na need some evidence to back up those claims , buddy . 
  otherwise they 're just baseless accusations - which is to be expected from somebody who seemingly ca n't form their opinions . 
  and why would i want to impress anybody on / r/ireland anyway ? 
  most people here hate me , even though they can never quite articulate why . 
  usually it 's along the lines of me having opinions that they do n't like though . 
  to be honest , it 's the kind of insult i associate with cod-playing teenagers . 
  so it 's not exactly the hallmark of maturity , as i 'm sure many others will agree . 
  more baseless accusations . 
  keep em coming . 
  that 's literally all planes due to a little thing called aerodynamics . 
  did you even look at my account before making that claim ? 
  / r/ireland is n't even in the top 3 subreddits i use the most and i never get accused of being `` contrarian '' for not agreeing with the hivemind in other subreddits . 
  where did i imply that ? 
  as i said , i do n't see the point in patrolling our airspace at all . 
  you 're putting 2 and 2 together and getting something that is n't even a number . 
  maybe an imaginary number ? 
  not really . 
  unless your implying that the human penis is aerodynamic , to which i say ; more study is needed . 
  jesus christ lad , i had you down as a left-wing nutjob , but not regular nutjob too . 
  look , i 'm not going to answer retarded questions . 
  call me a `` pussy '' for that if you wish , but i 've wasted enough time on this subreddit today alone . 
  that 's such bullshit , but i believe it . 
  only the irish would let something like that happen - and maybe the british . 
  well , i would classify that as patrolling our waters , which i agree is highly necessary . 
   you obviously do n't feel strongly about it yourself and that 's fine . 
  feel free to translate your lack of strong feelings into silence next time . 
  do you go into r/cats [ 1 ] and leave comments about the posts in there being reddit clich\u00e9s ? 
  maybe you should , as a public service . 
  last time i checked , / r/ireland is n't a drugs-themed subreddit ( although one could be convinced otherwise ) . 
   not because i hate you but because i think you 're a tedious cunt and i want to discourage you from making contributions like this in the future . 
  the auld silence those who do n't agree with you routine , eh ? 
   if you 're not interested in the subject being discussed , do n't open a thread on that subject and definitely do n't reply to the posts saying `` herp derp , why are other people always talking about something that does n't interest me ? '', 
  there 's a difference between discussing something and making a post * every single time * anybody of note says * anything * about the topic . 
  it 's little more than a circlejerk at this stage . 
   it 's just not given a name, 
  i though they were called cowlicks ? 
   give your psa every time it happens knowing you 'll get downvoted every time because nobody gives a fuck . 
  you act like i have a problem with the downvotes . 
  no , because i 'm not a retard . 
  it 's quite likely he only has a fragment with maya . 
  the problem is , bb will want that fragment back . 
  sounds like he picked up one hell of a universal remote at walmart . 
  it 's time to start assigning blame !!, 
  are you perhaps new to halo ? 
  or have you just been living under a rock since halo 4 ? 
  be that as it may , i for one would be uncomfortable living under a rock when i ca n't see what is supporting it . 
  yes . 
  i 'm not going to comment on whether that is a good or bad thing , but i am 99 % certain that cortana will return to the halo franchise in one form or another . 
  this is loosely based around the theory that she somehow gained access to the re-emergent domain on mantle 's approach . 
  given what limited knowledge we have on the domain , it 's not unreasonable to assume that an ai such as cortana could `` upload '' herself to it . 
  personally i 'm expecting some hint in this regard in halo 5 . 
  that said , i do n't restrict my theory solely to the domain . 
  it 's quite likely that she got transferred to some other form of forerunner construct , possibly one that stores ai data in slipspace as halsey had theorised . 
  i hope this is explored even to a small degree in halo 5 . 
  linda may be a spartan , but you do n't just walk away from being technically dead for an extended period of time . 
   it show a larger emphasis on inclusiveness and does n't hurt anyone . 
  decision will be reverted - i guarantee it . 
  women wo n't be able to tolerate the bathroom habits of men and vice versa . 
  it 's nice having ideals , but in practice this one ai n't gon na work . 
  that or everybody will just start avoiding those particular toilets , which defeats the whole point of being `` inclusive '' . 
   inb4 somebody gets upset for being called cis . 
  why would i get upset for being called a made-up word ? 
   you use such juvenile tactics , which is just what i 'd expect from a pissbaby cishet, 
  is this / r/shitredditsays simulator ?
