  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_islamic_terrorist_attacks ) a more significant list no doubt . 
  and that 's just in modern times , where such brutality has no place . 
  it does n't have to be a * holy * crusade . 
  i ca n't advocate anything - i do n't have the capacity to think of a solution to a problem as complex as islamic extremism . 
  but as a european , i am sick and fucking tired of having to deal with the extremist elements of this `` religion of peace '' . 
  check my comment history . 
  i have n't actually said anything that is explicitly hateful towards muslims . 
  i 've been very careful about that . 
  [ ahem . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_islamic_terrorist_attacks ) a more significant list no doubt . 
  and that 's just in modern times , where such brutality has no place . 
  much less in a civilised place such as western europe . 
  look , i 'll put it to you this way ; which religion is bringing terrorists to my doorstep in europe and attacking journalists , police officers , and other civilians ? 
  forgive me if that sounds selfish , but i care about the safety of myself and other people in the civilised part of the world that is western europe . 
   it is not fine to say `` muslims are extreme and other religions are n't . '', 
  i never said that . 
  it would be stupid to say there are not extreme elements to every religion . 
  religion , by definition , breeds extremism . 
  islam just seems to be a lot more fertile in that respect . 
   if freedom of speech cover the right to target people and insult them, 
  do you even understand how freedom of speech works ? 
  half of those were politically-motivated attacks that used religion as a proxy . 
  in particular , calling anders brevik a religious terrorism would be laughable were it not for the people he killed . 
  regardless , even if you consider the acts in your lists to be examples of christian religious attacks , it is dwarfed by those carried out by muslim extremists . 
  india has more problems with islamic terrorists than any other religious extremists . 
  get your facts straight . 
  well , the religion is proving to be a fertile breeding ground for terrorists like the ones we 've seen today . 
  so , in the comments section of a post about an attack on free speech , the mods should try and limit free speech ? 
  well , islamic terrorists do commit a lot of newsworthy acts . 
   both are serious and disgraceful . 
  depends on your opinion of abortion . 
  regardless , if christianity 's views on abortion were the worst thing about the religion , i think it would be doing pretty well in the grand scheme of things . 
  reddit prides itself on upholding the principles of free speech ( or at least in theory ) . 
  to remove comments the mods disagree with here would be hypocritical . 
  / r/shitredditsays pls leave . 
   and it is known so you must respect it . 
  says who ? 
  no it does n't . 
  the vast majority christians for example do n't give a shit what non-christian people say about jesus or whether people draw caricatures of him . 
  muslims need to get a fucking grip and realise that their prophet is only special to * them * and non-muslims only need to extend the bare minimum level of respect towards him ( although one could argue that non-muslims owe him zero respect , but lets assume everybody is being polite ) . 
  everything else is a bonus . 
  we did wait for the facts . 
  guess what ? 
  we were right . 
   no one can disrespect a homosexual by calling him an f-word , no one can invade your belief/lifephilosophy because of the respect, 
  actually , there 's no laws to stop you doing those things . 
   every religion has their sacred values which you ca n't disrespect . 
  unless there 's a retarded blasphemy law in place , people can say whatever they want about whoever/whatever they want . 
  and in the civilised western world , they expect to be able to do so without violent repercussions . 
  as good as any . 
  srs pls leave . 
   on / r/4chan, 
   accuses people of being from stormfront, 
  when will you learn ? 
  american muslims tend to assimilate better than european-based ones . 
   implying any of us have a gf, 
  it 's not even that complicated of a concept . 
  why do so many of them fail to grasp it ? 
  part 2 is on at 9:30 next monday . 
  * better * , not flawless . 
  how ? 
  nobody except turkey counts turkey . 
  they were n't american-based though , right ? 
  anybody got a better source than the star ? 
  that 's pretty much what i imagined the average / r9k / lurker to be like . 
  well , look at it this way : muslims follow the religion that these terrorists derive their barbaric beliefs from . 
  so no , your german/nazi comparison does n't hold up . 
  and while i and many others like me do n't condemn all muslims for the actions of the few , it ca n't be denied that their religion is toxic , if only for its ability to corrupt . 
  it could be argued that christianity can be equally toxic if interpreted literally , but thankfully almost all christians have enough maturity to understand ( a ) what a metaphor is , and ( b ) that the bible is in fact an ancient book and not all of what it decrees is acceptable in a modern civilised society . 
  the hilarious thing is , he wo n't . 
  but everybody here is blinded by his idealism . 
  it depends on a lot of things , including prevailing winds and how many trees are in the area . 
  they are undoubtedly loud , but not as loud as some anti-turbine types would have you believe . 
  i dunno , vickers seems pretty [ awesome . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sguaoofwdai ), 
  which is exactly why i made the comment i did . 
  as somebody who occasionally frequents / r9k / , i know that at least half of the userbase are n't shit-jug tier humans . 
  yeah , but it 's a red banner tabloid . 
  i 'd prefer not to read anything from such a news outlet . 
  oh right , fair enough . 
  my unwillingness to visit the irish star website was my undoing . 
  sorry for being unclear . 
  the normies made me do it . 
  * damned normies !, 
   do n't forget christianity is older , and did way worse during crusades for example . 
  islam is still young and need to understand their mistakes . 
  that 's no excuse . 
  this is the bloody 21st century !, 
   meanwhile christians are slowly going backwards thanks to people thinking like you and op . 
  ( a ) i 'm not christian , and ( b ) that makes no sense . 
  that sounds like one of the most awkward situations i 've ever heard described . 
  and i 've seen the top posts in / r/cringe . 
   implying any of us have a gf, 
   stay safe !, 
  such a pointless fucking phrase . 
  i 'm sick of seeing it in these threads . 
  it comes across as redundant advice . 
  bitches ca n't handle the bantz . 
  some autists/robots/kings amongst men have transcended giving a shit about women or other people in general , so can therefore say pretty much whatever they want to whoever they want without giving a shit about social context . 
  it 's both a blessing and a curse .
