   that 's like blaming someone for keeping too much money in a bank when it 's robbed . 
  banks have insurance though , so that 's quite risk-free . 
  but is it really much use in the rangers being so good if the rest of the military is so poorly equipped ? 
  special forces do n't operate in a vacuum and require support . 
   pull a nyc and use them for wifi hotspots, 
  this is eircom we 're talking about here . 
  your digitally stored money is far better protected than your nude pics on some nebulous cloud . 
  nothing but ignorance . 
  ignorance how cloud computing works is not a legitimate excuse . 
  sorry , there 's just so many white knights in this thread it 's easy to miss those who actually have some common sense . 
  the security of password protected assets and services is highly dependent on the person who uses them . 
  a password alone is no good if you 're not careful and fail to understand how easily security details can be extorted . 
  i barely understand how computers work and i could get access to the passwords all my friends use for their various online services if given 30 seconds alone with their computer to install a key-logging script from a usb drive . 
  imagine what guys who actually know how security software works could do without even gaining access to the user 's personal device . 
  it 's important to be conscious of these sort of things before storing anything online . 
   and use there debit card online . 
  would you not need their pin to do that ? 
  guess you should keep your credit card safe in that case . 
  not exactly enough `` talent '' in ireland for tinder to be much use . 
  / r/ireland is very insecure about that fact . 
  nah , not really . 
  / r/anime has a * very * different feel to it . 
   but boring gaa matches . 
  that 's a matter of opinion . 
   well , i have read several articles about laws in european countries that restrict freedom of speech in ways most americans would find barbaric . 
  you 're gon na have to provide examples , because i 'm european and i call bullshit . 
   i have also seen that they 're so afraid to be perceived as racists that they ca n't even have realistic discussions about the africans and muslims invading their countries without their reputation being ruined . 
  there 's truth to that though . 
  but that 's more of a social thing than a legal thing . 
   and sex was simply an enjoyable thing people could do with one another . 
  normie detected . 
   do you have a mortgage and/or kids ? 
  is that not a case of putting the cart before the horse ? 
  surely one should hold off on having a child and buying a house until they are in a position where they can afford it ? 
  maybe hold off on buying a house or having kids until you 've balanced your incomings and outgoings ? 
  did you really need to capitalise every word ? 
  and a 7 series is definitely upper class . 
   they 're about # 70,000 right ? 
  it 's a bit more than that , and for that you 'll only get the base model . 
  so if the likes of the 7 series and s-class are n't considered upper class , what type of 4 door saloons do the upper class folk buy ? 
  what would be your overall opinion of asus laptops ? 
  they do n't have much market penetration where i live so i know very little about them . 
  modern gaming laptops have largely solved the overheating issues that plagued their ancestors . 
  you sound like me . 
  i have a pc myself , but i 'm thinking about purchasing a gaming laptop with some money i acquired recently . 
  mainly because i spend extended periods away from home for work occasionally and i 'd like to be able to game in hotel rooms and such . 
  i commend you on sticking to your guns and buying what many would all too quickly dismiss . 
  many in the pc gaming crowd have long been dismissive of gaming laptops . 
  and given their patchy history , often with good reason . 
  it 's only now that gaming laptops are coming into their own . 
  changing times , m8 . 
  that 's 7 years ago - seven !, 
  good theory . 
  but the issue i 've always had is that , sane or otherwise , truth had no reason to believe that tartarus would fail in his task to activate installation 05 . 
  the mc was on high charity and the arbiter was believed dead . 
  regardless of his personal thoughts on the brutes , truth had put them in the position formerly held by the elites , so he must have had at least some faith in their capability . 
  after all , they did successfully usurp the elites on high charity . 
  my own personal theory is that truth believed tartarus would succeed , and that * something * would happen when the ring was fired . 
  but truth did n't get himself into the position of hierarch by being a fool . 
  this guy was cunning and shrewd . 
  truth was a believer in the covenant faith , there is no doubt about that . 
  but he was n't devout to the point of blindness . 
  menedict bias 's warnings and guilty spark 's babbling would surely have planted seeds of doubt in his mind as to the true nature of the holy rings . 
  so when truth caught wind that a greater prize lay beyond the voi portral , he could n't ignore it even if there was a halo ring right on his doorstep . 
  not only that , but activating the halos from a protected location would allow truth to learn once and for all of the true purpose of the holy rings . 
  truth was n't devout enough to truly care about missing out on great journey as long as he remained in power . 
  as seen in halo 2 , self preservation and the pursuit of power were all truth cared about . 
  but what to do with tartarus ? 
  arguably more devout than truth , and a potential threat to truth 's power now that the elites were gone . 
  tartarus would never stand for truth 's doubts nor the blasphemy of * hiding * from the great journey . 
  he had to be disposed of , just like the arbiter . 
  and what better way to do that than have him activate installation 05 . 
  his success was virtually guaranteed . 
  he would either ascend or die - either way he would be out of the picture . 
  now , halo 3 is where things get a bit complicated . 
  truth comes across as crazy and considerably more devout than he did in halo 2 . 
  but why ? 
  we could take this at face value , but if we look at it from a political angle things are a bit more interesting . 
  truth is now the sole leader of the covenant . 
  tartarus has disappeared . 
  the other hierarchs dead . 
  the san ` shyuum scattered after the fall of high charity . 
  the council dead . 
  the elites in revolt . 
  truth needed to maintain control of his remaining forces , in particular the brutes . 
  and what was the one thing that had always united the covenant ? 
  faith . 
  play the charismatically devout prophet , on the verge of the covenant 's equivalent of the second coming of christ , and you can control an army of believers and the fearful alike . 
  an army truth needed to find out the * truth * once and for all . 
  so yeah , in my head canon at least , that explains truth 's actions . 
  i welcome critique though . 
  i only put words to all this for the first time now . 
   if i were russian i would be no more comfortable with nato press-ganging nations into an antagonistic union than the i would have been as an american during the cuban missile crisis . 
  that 's just not true . 
  although nato always wants more members , joining is purely voluntary . 
  look at the baltic states for a good example of that . 
  they have very little to offer nato and are most likely a liability to the organisation more than anything . 
  nobody on reddit wants you or your stupid videos . 
  go away to voat . 
  thanks .
