  actually it 's an economic one . 
  the only factor that ever has determined privilege in this world of our 's is wealth . 
   race , gender , sexual identity, 
  having wealth can negate all of these and more . 
  it 's never gon na happen , so do n't worry about it . 
  i 'm not saying that war wo n't happen . 
  i 'm saying that unless the war actually comes directly to us , we 're not going to get involved . 
  reddit is full of teenagers and college students - what do you expect ? 
  look at all the other edgy comments in response to op 's . 
  this is n't / r/sandersforpresident in case you have n't noticed . 
  but yes , the circlejerk is about equal between the two - but bernie fans are far more likely to bring up their hero or bash trump in threads completely unrelated to the election . 
  op of this post in particular being a prime example . 
   neither side has clean hands . 
  i totally agree . 
  but you 're far more likely to see posts about bernie on the front page or top comments in default subreddits bashing trump . 
  is customary to actually read the article and maybe do some research of your own rather than just trusting the title of a post . 
  are you really that new ? 
  eh , i do n't remember obama vs. romney being as bad as this . 
  define `` universal '' . 
  i do n't think that word means what you think it means . 
   meaning educated peoples . 
  y ` see , i knew that 's what you were getting at . 
  because educated people only vote democrat , am i right ? 
  christ almighty you people are stuck so far up your own assholes it 's ridiculous . 
  you sure are implying that a significant chunk of the american populace are idiots there , buddy . 
  must be nice up on that high horse of your 's . 
  i 'm not american . 
  but unlike you , i know better than to make generalizations about huge swathes of people . 
  jesus christ , that survey is long !, 
  who has the time to be filling out all that ? 
  the same logic can be used to justify racist stereotypes . 
  quiet you . 
   if you think abortion is murder , why are n't you out at the airport stopping pregnant women getting on planes ? 
  because that would be woefully impractical - how could you even determine why a women was travelling abroad ? 
  plus , it would get just as much bad publicity in this day and age as protesting outside an abortion clinic would . 
  because this is n't america . 
  there are many pertinent life or death causes in the world that could be better tackled with full-time and/or extreme measures . 
  but it 's a fact of life that people have other commitments that render such action impractical . 
  your argument is rather petty and a clear attempt to undermine people with a pro-life viewpoint by insinuating that unless they effectively become martyrs to the cause , they are somehow lying about their motivations . 
   it 's difficult , but irish society is quite happy with abortions , so long as they do n't happen in ireland . 
  you win some , you lose some . 
  you got ta look at the net , not the gross . 
  what about all the derogatory stereotypes about black people ? 
  i fail to see any flaw in my logic so far . 
  already at ucc from what my younger relatives tell me . 
  under control for now , but still very much there . 
   one class had a lecturer who got handed up awful assignments , and he made a comment akin to `` jaysus lads , i could shoot ye for these '' . 
  the students contacted the garda\u00ed after he made this comment . 
  no joke - he had to take a `` leave of absence '' from the college for that year . 
  when the fuck did that happen ? 
  that article says nothing about the carriers being out at sea due to any warning the usa had received . 
   fastest combat plane to date, 
  i thought the mig-25 that preceded it was faster ? 
  second only to the sr-71 . 
  the notions on this lad . 
  i 'm surprised you were n't hunted out of here . 
   i do n't know any irish people out where i am , and i 'm not sure i 'd want to either . 
  why not ? 
  nah , it 's moreso for being an arrogant wanker . 
  well , yeah . 
  but that still does n't detract from the fact that the mig-25 ( as opposed to the mig-31 ) was the second fastest jet aircraft to ever fly . 
  that was n't my point of contention though . 
  nobody was asking him to work for free . 
  that depends on whether the value of his work is actually worth 80k or not . 
  you really should n't . 
  anybody with even a semblance of good taste acknowledged aldnoah for the pile of shite it turned out to be . 
  the only good thing about it was the music . 
  you were a teenager . 
  if that was the biggest problem in your life you had little to be worried about . 
   the ussr however did block us from joining the un, 
  i thought that was the french ? 
  or am i thinking of the eec ? 
  how did we eventually get into the un if the ussr was blocking our entry ? 
   the soviets agreed to letting us into the un as a sort of prisoner swap - they wanted pro-soviet countries to be let in as well as western ones . 
  ah , the cold war . 
  good times . 
  cdg was a bit of a bastard to be honest . 
   i love humour that will piss some asshole off, 
  what assholes ? 
  well , it 's either that or a full scale invasion . 
  i for one know which of those two options will produce more child deaths . 
  yeah , usually 4chan . 
  fair enough . 
  i 'll sign the papers , you get the stamp . 
  i aim to please . 
  too many people on the left wing in ireland actually think ireland is officially neutral and therefore get their knickers in twist when u.s. troops fly through one of our airports . 
  just once i 'd like an unbiased news post title in / r/ireland, 
  nope . 
  not legally nor practically . 
  that would be what dev might say now if he were alive , but i think most people acknowledge that it was n't as virtuous as that . 
   there 's so much anti-bernie bias in the media, 
  are you joking ?!, 
  sure , he may not be as loved as hillary by the media , but they do n't seem to hate him like much of the media hates trump . 
  reddit is politically left wing - of course they 're gon na like the most left wing candidate running . 
  that 's could definitely be considered bias . 
  yeah , he 's staunchly anti-interventionist . 
  so , we can fawn all we want over sanders in / r/ireland , but the moment somebody mentions their support for trump , they are accused of brigading ? 
  ( or whatever the equivalent of cross-boarding is on reddit ), 
  ca n't stump . 
  wo n't stump .
