  i hope that day never comes . 
   but it currently seems to be the start of a new series set in the same world . 
  what 's the source on that ? 
  i 've heard literally nothing about tsugi . 
   honestly , they 're all probably closeted racists like yourself, 
  nice assumption , but i 'm not even american . 
  let alone a racist . 
  my point stands . 
  i can only speak for myself , but i do n't identify purely with either left wing or right wing politics . 
  i believe a healthy mix of both is necessary for any modern society . 
  a totally left wing nation is just as bad as a totally right wing nation . 
  now in theory , the nature of irish politics should suit a person like myself . 
  ireland is somewhat unique in that ( until very recently at least ) political parties are n't divided predominately by whether they are right or left wing . 
  all the major parties tend to be either centre left or centre right . 
  ostensibly a healthy mix of right and left wing ideals . 
  however , in reality virtually all the parties are populist - arguably even more so than those of our european neighbours . 
  lacking a core ideological foundation , they do n't stand for the centre left or the centre right - they 'll stand for whatever their voters want , regardless of whether that means going right wing or left wing in their policies . 
  some might say that 's a good thing as it prevents bi-partisan politics ( not in the strict sense of the term , but you know what i mean ) , but it makes it very difficult for people like myself ca n't attach ourselves to a particular party because they could swing left or right at a moment 's notice ( not that i would be the type to attach myself to a political party anyway ) . 
  recently the far left has spawned some smaller parties and alliances , with sf acting as the more marketable left wing juggernaut . 
  but the right has n't really spawned any such equivalent ( i 'd be hesitant to count renua as we have no idea how well they are actually supported by voters , if at all ) . 
  maybe it will in the future , but getting a right wing party off the ground in this day and age would be far from easy . 
  but these kind of smaller , more ideologically focused parties will never gain widespread support anyway ( with the exception of the as of yet untested sf ) due to the populist nature of the main parties . 
  i really do n't think most of it was relevant to be honest , i just started throwing down words . 
   there does n't seem to be much of any party voicing anti-immigration policies , ( be that on economic or humanitarian grounds ) that seems to be voiced here more and more . 
  i would n't automatically define that as a ring-wing stance , but that 's probably because i see it as more of a nationalist one . 
  true . 
  with irish people becoming more aware of europe 's immigration problem through the media , there 's a growing * awareness * of europe 's immigration problem . 
  while we as of yet are not experiencing that problem , that very `` awareness '' will continue to simmer under the surface across the country . 
  people start to take sides on the immigration debate for that reason long before it becomes an issue in ireland , and that 's something that political parties will be keeping a close eye on . 
  but since immigration has yet to become a problem for us , there is no real way of exploiting it politically - yet . 
  that 's important . 
  wow , americans really are self-absorbed . 
  what else is there left to do ? 
  they have everything they want now ( at least where i live ) . 
  nimbys . 
  legitimate reasons may have existed , but the locals made mountains out of molehills . 
  that and some of them engaged in illegal activities . 
  mountains out of molehills . 
  and a lot of modern social issues are molehill mountains . 
  was involved in private trackers in the past . 
  there are benefits in terms of keeping your torrents hidden from prying eyes , but trying to keep your ratios above the required threshold can put a strain on your bandwidth if your connection and pc are n't the best . 
  fracking is one thing , this is quite the other . 
   but them using shannon makes ireland a target in their eyes . 
  no , being western makes us a target . 
  the tunisian attack for example targeted westerners regardless of nationality . 
  we 're not prime targets if the likes of isis were to pick and choose , but we 're viable targets nonetheless . 
   as an aside , out of / r/ireland , i 'd put you fairly high up on the list of `` most likely to shoot up a school/church/bar etc '' , not sure why . 
  ... i really want to ask why , but you already said you 're not sure why . 
  do i come across as some sort of nutjob ? 
  aw - that 's a bit of a let-down . 
  i was hoping there would be a more exciting reason . 
   there are a lot of those angsty teens and twenty year olds actually registered to vote following the marriage referendum which was n't the case for the last election . 
  so we should raise the voting age ? 
  sounds good to me . 
  eh , the scottish independence referendum was very political which would engage people in the politics of scotland and make them more likely to vote in future general elections . 
  by comparison , the marriage equality debate in ireland was barely political at all since virtually all the political parties were pushing for a yes vote and political canvassing was n't all that significant . 
  that 's a lot of flat space on the backs of the other visby-class vessels going to waste . 
   that means , in this case , creating a countervailing bias to fix the original one . 
  many would argue that doing so is a flawed solution to the problem . 
  it 's a blunt instrument when a more nuanced solution is required . 
   people have biases about how well women can do a job ? 
  putting women in those jobs will convince them they are wrong . 
  or it just breeds resentment towards the women who were put in the positions based on their gender rather than being the most qualified . 
   temporary positive discrimination will fix them problem . 
  it 's still discrimination , and discrimination is bad . 
   i do n't believe that women should have lower fitness test requirements for the same job though so could you show me somewhere that happens ? 
  i 'm not aware of any presently ( although apparently some fire departments have lower physical standards for women ) , but this is currently being given serious consideration :, 
  how does op 's til detract from the films at all though ? 
   i wonder if the people who thinks this is a ok, 
  er , why would it * not * be okay ? 
   a fundamental difference between men and women is that one of them has a penis . 
  you just triggered a lot of sjws with that statement . 
  but it 's based on a book about predominantly male characters ... 
  even if they 're not relevant to the story the author wished to tell ? 
  neither have you evidently . 
  that makes zero sense . 
  do n't be stupid - she does n't know how to work a computer . 
   irrationally hating the police, 
  i would say something like `` summerfag '' , but this sorta bullshit can be seen on 4chan all year around . 
   the internet is srs bsnz, 
  people need to realise the difference in magnitude and significance between a threat on the internet and a threat in real life . 
   there was a crying need for legislation in this area . 
  if you do n't like what people say to you on the internet , just visit a different website , block them , or better yet ; turn off your computer because you 're clearly not fit to be on the internet . 
  and besides , you 're forgetting a fundamental rule of irish legislation , especially legislation that relates to technology ; it will be horribly drafted and be a blunt instrument that causes more problems than it solves . 
  just because you 're a victim does n't automatically imply that you 're automatically morally right . 
  the internet does n't, 
   why the fuck should the person being threatened be the one who has to give up using the internet , when it 's the other cunt that 's the one breaking the law ? 
  oh please , people have been threatening each other online since the the 90 's . 
  and the vast majority of the time there is n't a shred of sincerity to it . 
  if we were to bring in the kind of laws you 're suggesting , we 'd have to shut down the likes of 4chan and reddit due to sheer frequency with which people throw idle threats around on a daily basis . 
  what 's next ? 
  arrest those teens on xbox live that say they 're gon na rape your mother ? 
   do many people on either of those sites use their real identities online ? 
  it 's one thing to threaten a faceless pseudonym , it 's quite another to threaten a known person . 
  while i agree with you do a certain extent there , do you think the government would have the insight to draw the line between real identities pseudonyms ? 
   if the threats are such as to put a reasonable person in fear , yes . 
  and there 's the colossal fly in the ointment ; that 's too subjective and ripe for exploitation , especially by the those professionally offended types . 
  if a person comes up to you in the street and threatens to murder you in your sleep , that 's a pretty big deal . 
  if a person sends a letter to your home and threatens to murder you in your sleep , that 's a pretty big deal . 
  if i were ( hypothetically ) to tell you right here that i was going to murder you in your sleep , i would be very surprised if you or anybody else took me seriously ( unless they had something to gain from doing so ) .
