  finding another compatible asexual in such a small pool would be next to impossible . 
  regardless , i have little to no interest in pursuing a romantic relationship for a multitude of reasons aside from my asexuality . 
  have n't seen that pepe before . 
  must be part of the new 2015 spring release packs . 
  i used to be quite a social individual , so when i realised that i was asexual it took a while to come to terms with it . 
  but then a couple of years ago something happened in my life that resulted in me becoming a lot less social , which better befitted my asexual state of being . 
  once i got used to the change of pace , i became quite happy with it . 
  you could apply the same sort of logic to questioning the legitimacy of homosexuals . 
  but you would n't do that now , would you ? 
  i do n't think it was as good as last year 's summer releases though . 
  so many classics . 
  largely responsible for the pepe market explosion we 're currently experiencing . 
  do n't really have the desire any more , and considering the size and nature of the community i live it , it would n't exactly be feasible to find another compatible asexual anyway . 
  it 's a distinct possibility . 
  what 's making matters worse is all these bureaucratic indexes for measuring pepe quality that have introduced in the past couple of months . 
  getting your pepes on the market is more difficult than ever now . 
  the legitimacy of that comparison aside , i still think it bizarre that you ca n't accept the idea of asexuals being mentally sound . 
  if low libidos exist , why not no libidos ? 
   not scrawling your suicide in our own blood and then dying of blood loss because it was too long, 
  i get those kind of invites on average once every 2 hours . 
  never joined one though . 
  physically/biologically i would probably agree with you on . 
  but i do n't like being accused of being mentally ill for not having an interest in sex . 
  but i 'm not even religious and i still think what you guys are doing is stupid as fuck . 
  it applied to all contraceptive-related appointments , regardless of whether the the patient was ill or not . 
  nah , it 's cool . 
  i 'm content with my asexuality now . 
  a bit touchy , are n't we ? 
  well i see you at least doing in very regularly in / r/ireland . 
  you do it enough for it to be noticeable at least . 
   i did n't know sex was an illness . 
  tell that to the women that were bitching about it . 
  if the future mes had any bit of common sense , they 'd know to have zero faith in present me . 
  since when did slut shaming become a bad thing ? 
  i used to it worked like that until i went to college . 
   i suspect it 's older players who invert . 
  what would be the reason for that trend though ? 
  it makes sense in flying games though . 
  i ca n't understand its usefulness in other genres . 
  i mean , how are we supposed to take this satire seriously if it does n't even cover the basics ? 
  it 's not our fault that the mal rating system is so oddly restrictive . 
  it 's not a direct claim , but i 've seen people online cite shirobako when stating things as fact in discussions about animation production . 
   but unlike you and the 30 odd people who have agreed with you i have never seen anyone be that stupid and do no believe that idiots like these really exist in the numbers that you ( or , again , any of the people who are agreeing with you ) seem to be implying . 
  just because * you * have n't seen such people does n't mean they do n't exist . 
  nor did anybody specifically say they saw them in / r/anime . 
  what does one have to do in this day and age to get a concubine ? 
  i know haruhi is meant to be unlikable , but they sorta made her * too * unlikable . 
  she rarely if ever learns from her mistakes and just continues being a bitch to everybody with virtually zero repercussions . 
  i 'm not saying she 's necessarily badly written , but she does n't strike me as a particularly good * character * . 
  just because somebody does something deliberately does n't make it exempt from criticism ( do n't get me wrong though , i love bake 's pacing ) . 
  not in college , no . 
   those who play non-inverted , position themselves between the avatar 's eyes . 
  looking up you push up to move the eyes that way . 
  looking down , pull the stick down to pull the eyes down . 
  as a non-inverted player , that resonates quite strongly with me . 
  very interesting , thanks . 
   but if you really think that she never learned anything from her mistakes i have to question if you paid attention at all . 
  i 've been informed that there 's actual evidence of her learning from her mistakes in the lns that have n't been adapted , so being an anime-only guy that might explain why i 'm not convinced that she learns from her mistakes . 
  because i 'm adamant that there 's little to no evidence of it in the anime . 
   not waifu wars . 
  there is no higher calling than to fight for your waifu on the waifu war battlefield . 
  godammit abe , i 'm not repopulating your country for you !, 
  short answer ; no . 
  long answer ; noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo . 
  i 've watched quite a few sol anime in my time , and i 've never once seen such a race . 
  that sounds like it would break laws set down by eu treaties . 
  you 're correct . 
  i 've no idea why you 're being downvoted . 
  and besides , drivers do n't rely on their hearing nearly as much as cyclists for navigating safely . 
  but drivers of cars do n't rely on sound nowhere near as much as cyclists to navigate safely . 
  erratic locations and timing of pedestrian crossings could be a contributory factor . 
  i may not agree with you on the tax part , but there 's something to be said about insurance . 
  having your car scraped by some careless cyclist is n't fun , especially when nothing can be done to force the cyclist to compensate you . 
   and carried on almost as if larry murphy had some sort of time-travelling powers to go back in time , overpower a team of men and have his way with tracey now that it was known he was there . 
  to be fair , we ca n't know for sure that he * does n't * have those powers . 
  it 's not that they willfully do n't , it 's that it 's usually physically impossible to use sound as a navigational aid in a car . 
  cars are designed to insulate you from engine and road noise , hence trying to use your ears to listen to the traffic around you is pointless . 
  but i do n't think anybody was debating that , were they ? 
  regardless , it 's physically impossible to use your ears as a navigational aid in cars , but cyclists who wear headphones are just asking for trouble . 
  if they want to stay alive in a sea of hurtling metal boxes , they 're going to need to utilise as many of their senses as possible . 
  that 's just reality . 
   cars beeping , emergency sirens etc, 
  those things are fucking loud - you 're going to hear them regardless of whether you 're in a car , on a bike , or walking . 
  but when you 're on a bike or walking , you can hear cars moving around you and such and you can use those sounds to you advantage . 
  you ca n't hear those things easily in a car . 
  were you not saying that because drivers hear less than cyclists , that it 's okay for cyclists to wear headphones , no ? 
  huh , i must have mixed up my comment threads somewhere along the way . 
  you have my apologies for wasting your time . 
   implying pepe is n't real, 
  wow , she got off light . 
  to be fair , the yaris is a car predominantly driven by women . 
   i 'd be ashamed to even try do something like that . 
  that 's what i ca n't understand - how can people * not * take pride in a good parking job ? 
  there 's a nice bit of skill involved . 
  to be fair , it would n't be hard to have better kit than the garda\u00ed . 
  you seem confident in a yes vote . 
  that sort of complacency could undermine such a result . 
  what do you mean ? 
  that was incredibly gay . 
  wow , that 's some serious normalfaggotry .
