   she took a substance that she believed to be safe , to feel good . 
  that 's her only crime . 
  an illegal substance that she could n't possibly verify the quality of . 
  she does n't deserve to die , obviously , but it was a very stupid decision to make . 
   or a coward hiding behind `` playing devil 's advocate '' . 
  how am i a coward again ? 
  you make so many sweeping accusations on this subreddit , it 's hard to keep up at times . 
   you are the only one who have problem with what i wrote on this topic . 
  that 's because this post has since been abandoned . 
   anyway do you think noble 6 cant kill a s2 ? 
  yep . 
  he 's good , but he 's not that good . 
  hmm , were that true it would be a great argument for the yes side , in my opinion . 
   i do n't see how anyone could not have an opinion or believe anything on the issue . 
  it 's your country , it 's your constitution . 
  and ? 
  i makes no difference to me what the result is . 
   you have to believe something . 
  says who ? 
  gentlemen , we are through the looking glass . 
  seriously though , that episode was unreal . 
  most of what i 've wanted to say has been said already , but there 's just one thing i want to come back on : fero . 
  now , i know most people have dismissed that fero is halsey - for the most part , i have too . 
  but working under the assumption that it must be a previously established character in the halo lore ( it would be a serious let-down and feel very odd if it was n't ) , i 'm seriously struggling to think of who else it could be . 
  - who else has access to the sort of technology that allows them to wire tap top secret oni meetings ? 
  - who else could have possibly obtained cctv footage of one of the most astounding events to occur since the end of the human-covenant war that oni had presumably kept under wraps ? 
  - who else has an intricate knowledge of how oni works and their involvement in the spartan programme ? 
  - who else would have such a passionate desire to bring down oni as well as a seemingly intricate knowledge of the spartan programme ? 
  whoever fero is , she would have to be everything i 've listed and more . 
  very few people are that talented and informed in the halo universe . 
  also , go back and listen to fero 's conversation with ben from today 's episode . 
  there are a number of small things that she says that give the impression that she was - at the very least - involved in the spartan programme ( at least from my perspective anyway ) :, 
  `` when you break children to make warriors you take a risk of burying psychological damage deep in your soldiers '' . 
   we knew that the spartans were selected based on genetics , but i do n't think we knew about them being picked up from insurrectionist outer colony hotspots . 
  would that not have conflicted with halsey 's genetic prerequisites though ? 
  i find it hard to believe that * all * of the candidates from her shortlist were from the outer colonies . 
  look , people would complain if they * did n't * have say on such an issue . 
  having the referendum makes perfect political and democratic sense . 
  personally i think it 's not that oni wants the chief to look bad , it 's that they want him to retire . 
  in their eyes , despite stopping the didact , he is no longer necessary and he will only become a liability in the long term simply because they ca n't control him . 
   but i really doubt that she 'd do anything to hurt john . 
  as she said herself though , john may bleed but only to attract attention to oni 's wrong-doing . 
  john is strong - he can take it . 
  halsey would know that . 
  speaking of which though , does halsey know cortana is dead ? 
  ah yes , nicely remembered . 
  i 'm surprised halsey was satisfied with a somewhat limited pool to choose from though . 
  del rio being a dick again - what a surprise !, 
  the true villain of the reclaimer saga . 
  i thought oni/the unsc were the only ones with access to prowlers ? 
  yes , i am aware that orphans exist . 
  you 're a liar . 
  yeah , well , try telling any of / r/ireland 's pro-drugs crowd that and they 'll bite your head off . 
   they 've been very popular for easily almost 20 years , it 's not a simple matter of just telling us not to take them , that obviously has n't worked . 
  yeah , because people are fucking stupid . 
  that 's the crux of so many issues in modern ireland today . 
  maybe they should n't buy mdma if it 's illegal . 
  almost everybody else obeys the law - why are drug users special enough to flout it without recourse ? 
  i imagine that would be the most realistic reaction , yeah . 
   while you 're at it stop drinking too . 
  that kills a frightening amount of people . 
  already have ( more or less ), 
   and driving . 
  people die in driving accidents all the time . 
  but i have to get to work . 
   do n't even get me started on skiing . 
  not skiing has a 100 % no accident rate . 
  i do n't ski either . 
  believe it or not , but some people find it hard to sympathise with people who make stupid decisions . 
  take responsibility for your actions . 
   it 's clear you 've done very little living in your life so i 'll reiterate my point above - grow up . 
  so to have `` lived your life '' , you need to take drugs ? 
   we were all young once . 
  personally speaking , when i was young i did n't do stupid shit like take drugs i could n't determine the quality of . 
  and you people have no sense of personal responsibility . 
  people die every day . 
  some people die in circumstances beyond their control . 
  this girl actively played a part in her death . 
  do you have sympathy for people who die from dangerous driving or driving under the influence ? 
   saying it 's nothing to do with you is self centred and short sighted, 
  short-sighted how exactly ? 
   says who ? 
  i wrote it just above . 
  and your opinion should carry weight for me and people like me because ? 
   you should have an opinion on this . 
  so says you . 
   i 'm sorry but just try and convince me any class a drug is not dodgy, 
  / r/ireland will definitely give it a shot . 
  where did she obtain his genetic data for screening then ? 
  that 's retarded logic . 
  `` this thing is illegal . '', 
  `` but people are still using it . '', 
  `` let 's make it legal then ! '', 
  imagine if that was applied to firearms . 
   you can live a happy life and go on 4chan occasionally . 
  why do you lie ? 
   some people , myself included , choose to ignore laws that do n't make any sense . 
  is n't that incredibly subjective ? 
  there are plenty of laws that i think do n't make any sense , but i just do n't choose to ignore them . 
  gender quotas are undemocratic though .
