  but the japanese are n't muslim , so what 's the problem ? 
   it is sacred and it should n't have been in the tracks in the first place . 
  according to some muslims and literally nobody else . 
   which is a must on tv, 
  not always - it depends on the context . 
  for example , that song could easily have been kept as part of the soundtrack and nothing would come of it . 
  sure , a few muslims would have been butthurt , but that 's about it . 
   theres a reason you can get sued for calling people names, 
  true , but that does n't apply in this case . 
   because anime is n't specific to japan . 
  it 's where all the production companies are based and where they make the * vast * majority of their money . 
   it 's also just unnecessary to use the adhan, 
  but they should be allowed use it if they want to . 
   there are japanese muslims . 
  minuscule proportion of the population though . 
  and i ca n't imagine it would be easy to move to japan as a muslim these days especially . 
   did a mistake, 
  again , you 're implying that he did something wrong when he did n't . 
  yes ? 
   thats not supposed to happend ... 
  according to who ? 
   and they could sue him and probably win . 
  in japan ? 
  fat fucking chance !, 
  one of the best things about the japanese establishment is that they do n't tend to give shit about this sort of thing . 
  and right now especially is n't exactly the best time geopolitically for a bunch of offended muslims to go crying to japan . 
   im done revising my points , have a good day, 
  you 've literally said the same thing over and over again despite numerous people outlining how you 're just plain wrong . 
   auto-tune the whole bible if you want to . 
  on it !, 
  there are some golden lyrics in the bible just waiting to be autotuned !, 
   do n't take something that is n't yours and profit off it . 
  muslims do n't legally own it . 
   basic respect . 
  nobody was being disrespected . 
  it just got deleted after 300 + replies . 
  mods seemed to think it was getting a bit too much like / int / for their liking i 'd say . 
  there 's a new one going now though . 
   they chose not to for a good reason, 
  depends on your definition of `` good reason '' . 
  they know the score . 
  well at least / a / does ... 
  quality stuff !, 
  this is one of the most ridiculous things i 've ever seen anybody get angry about . 
   they just happen to be buying the bmw 520d or whatever because it 's the most ` prestige ' badge they can afford , even when it means they have an underpowered manual diesel with felt seats and no options . 
  gon na have to stop you there . 
  if they were stretching for a `` prestige model '' , then surely they would start with something like a 316d ? 
  also , the 520d comes with leather as standard and 190bhp engine that does 60mpg - nothing wrong with that . 
  and no , i do n't own a 520d . 
  wish i did though . 
   everybody who owns a german car is a dick, 
  got it !, 
   did n't know they came with leather as standard , is it those half leather half felt ones that most of them seem or have or is full cow on all of the new ones ? 
  full leather . 
   60mpg in any diesel is n't all that impressive, 
  from a 2 litre diesel pushing out almost 200bhp it is . 
  there 's almost nothing else on the market with those kind of stats . 
   190 bhp in a car that size is my idea of underpowered, 
  if you 're a boy racer maybe , but 190bhp is a sensible amount in a car that size for any driving you 'll ever do in ireland . 
   especially when they try to start a willy wagging race with any actually fast car on the road, 
  you 're an idiot if you do that sorta thing , regardless of what car it is that you drive . 
   they could afford with the least amount of options, 
  520d comes with sat nav , heated seats , and some nice trim options as standard . 
  like , it 's not the epitome of luxury granted , but you 're acting like it 's spartan . 
   i would n't wish for a 520d , a 530 or 535d would be a fantastic car for doing big miles around the country . 
  but you do n't see many of them because most go for the cheapest engine option with next to no spec . 
  for the vast majority of drivers , the 530d and 535d offer no advantage to them over the 520d . 
  as i said , 190bhp is more than enough for most people . 
   let 's not tar them all with the same brush . 
   `` i have a menial , chandler bing-esque job and a tiny penis and i 'm going to take it out on you by not letting you merge and beeping when the light 's been green for longer than 0.0001 seconds . '', 
  well ... 
   i 'm prepared to consider the possibility that this is bitterness and/or sour grapes talking . 
  fair enough then . 
   but next time you find you 're getting overtaken on a roundabout by someone straighlining it it 'll be an unpleasant looking man wearing a suit in a 2007 e60 bmw 520d . 
  oh , for some reason i thought we were only talking about new car sales . 
   they come with rattly timing chain . 
  tiny 4:3 screen . 
  felty seats and decent plastic . 
  they really are fairly spartan . 
  yeah , the e60 was a great car on the road but she was a bit austere on the inside ( the later e60s had leather as standard too though ) . 
  my father had one before he bought a jaguar xf instead because he found the ride in the bmw to be a bit too hard for his old bones . 
   they 're only getting past people because they 're driving like a cunt, 
  that and 190bhp is higher than average for cars on irish roads . 
  all 's well that ends well . 
  that depends on whether they 're economic migrants or legitimate refugees though . 
  sounds about right . 
  i only found out what snapchat was last week because a co-worker asked me to set it up for her because `` i 'm good with that sort of thing '' . 
   but titanfall was my favorite game of 2014 , and i still occasionally hop on . 
  that game is criminally underrated as a multiplayer shooter . 
  have n't had so much fun with an fps since halo reach . 
  and i got it for $ 12 with all the dlc on xbox live less than year after launch . 
  i 'd happily pay $ 60 for a sequel if it was more of the same with a bit more content ( more titan variants and weapons in particular ) . 
  that said , the rumour mill has been talking about a possible single player campaign in the sequel . 
  pity the online population is so depleted now . 
   i just hope it does n't take away development from the stellar multiplayer to make it . 
  when i first heard of the game details prior to launch , i dismissed it despite the game looking quite cool . 
  one of the reasons for this was 6v6 on large maps did n't sound like an action-packed experience to me . 
  but i do n't know how they did it , but there is never a dull moment in titanfall . 
  being able to get around the map quickly was crucial , but for the movement to require skill to execute properly was the icing on the cake . 
  that 's one of the reasons i had no issues with the smart pistol - to use that gun effectively on titanfall 's largely open maps , you really had to know how to get around and close the space on your enemies .
