  because of your elitism and misguided desire for the approval of others , i am now going to devote my life to degrading ( even further ) the public perception of anime and anime fans . 
  it shall be glorious !, 
  the uk 's too . 
  your pride is causing you to be far too concerned about the opinions of others on your hobbies . 
  it 's a very trivial concern . 
  i have considerably more respect for people who either hide their power level completely or are completely open about it - not some vain and elitist middleground . 
  i love the e60 . 
  looked futuristic when launched and still looks like a new model if you see a clean facelifted example today . 
  bangle 's finest work in my opinion , and influential enough to have an impact on the designs of other auto manufacturers such as mercedes . 
  the e92 is incredibly bland but i would n't say that there is anything particularly offensive about it - except maybe the grille `` eyebrows '' on the pre-facelift models . 
  i never knew how much i wanted this . 
  watching putin deal with the tedium irish politics while kenny tries to hold the russian federation together would be hilarious . 
  i can clearly see putin 's constipated expression as he listens to old biddies in a community centre moan about the loss of their a&e . 
  inb4 kenny reforms the ussr . 
  but was hampered by its sub-par automated manual gearbox . 
  only america got the option of a proper manual box . 
  bizarre decision by bmw . 
  nah , that 's for communists . 
  i think / r9k / would be best . 
  ** edit : ** did i offend somebody ? 
  well , i guess i 'm a bottom feeder then . 
  i would consider randiness to be inherently shameful ... 
  watching the sky news coverage of british politics is currently my favourite form of entertainment . 
  but i do n't want that promotion . 
  i 'm good at what i do now , but i do n't want to end up being promoted past the point of which i 'm capable - as what happens to so many . 
  what 's the line-up ? 
  was it the swiss stunt team that was there last year or am i thinking of a different air show ? 
  either way , they were great . 
  i 'm unfortunately just old enough to remember when the irish air force still had a stunt team ; such a shame we lost them . 
  it 's a well-paying rut and i 'm good at what i do . 
  i just know that if i advance a couple of more levels , i will end up doing a job that bears little resemblance to what i 'm doing now . 
   not that you 're happy , i would n't want to imply anything, 
  good . 
  i value your kind consideration . 
  `` british intelligence '' not balls ( not that they were lacking in either ) . 
  british radar and intelligence-gathering were absolutely crucial to the allied victory in ww2 . 
   to be fair though , there were a lot of misogynists railing against the movie , and all of them were redditors, 
  generalization ahoy !, 
  that 's all true , but `` intelligence '' is used in the traditional use of of the phrase . 
  using `` balls '' specifically for the british also discounts the ballsiness of other nations , whereas british intelligence was far superior to that of the other allies . 
   ender should not so drastically affect a film 's perception , but it does ... 
  why should n't it ? 
  gender is fundamental to who we are as people . 
  i do n't see why people feel like we should change a long-standing , and accurate phrase . 
   and flows just as well . 
  no it does n't . 
  none of the other countries have an `` and '' . 
  no , they have n't changed it to that extent yet . 
  abe wants to though . 
  what 's bad about stopping the boats though ? 
   no wonder you guys are actually considering electing trump, 
   not electing trump, 
  so who should americans elect ? 
  hillary ? 
  how new are you ? 
   it 's just that the vast majority being racist assholes that 's hurting my butt . 
  why does that trigger you so much ? 
  tiger moms were a chinese thing , i thought ? 
  trump is far better than hillary . 
  only leftists think otherwise . 
   you say leftist like it 's an insult . 
  yes , it was intended as such . 
   do you still think he 's a good man to lead the usa ? 
  better than hillary , and that 's all that matters at this stage . 
   you 're wrong . 
  emphasising one virtue in one party does n't preclude the existence of another virtue in that party , nor its existence in another party . 
  i disagree . 
  the phrase was designed to exemplify the individual attributes in which the respective allies were far ahead of each other . 
  american industrial capacity was far superior to that of the ussr or uk . 
  the amount of soviet blood spilled was far greater than that of the usa or uk . 
  and british intelligence was far superior to that of the usa or ussr . 
  the british were ballsy as fuck , but i do n't agree that there ballsiness was greater than that of the americans and soviets to a more significant extent than their intelligence was . 
  good chance that the air show will get cancelled if the smoke does n't clear . 
  are you denying that differences exist between the genders on a psychological , behavioral , and other levels ? 
  well , you should probably leave this place in that case . 
  `` goodness '' is such an arbitrary concept anyway . 
   but it 's all you abbott voters have got, 
  i 'm irish . 
  i struggle to believe that any slavic nation could be considered `` safe '' . 
  so , what 's it like being 14 these days ? 
  hey , i 'm not german * or * french . 
  even a japanese man living in the attic who comes down at night to prance around the house in his underwear and knocking things over ? 
  is this part of the script necessary if i 'm not copying files from the default windows pictures folder but rather a subfolder within it ? 
  not swedish either . 
  why do we need to be angry ? 
  nope . 
  what jets do they use ? 
  i could n't recognise them from a distance . 
  it does n't help that mary lou and pearse doherty are inherently unlikable individuals . 
  yeah , that 's where i got the idea . 
  i think i may have seen the exact same documentary . 
   fuckers stealing my gainz . 
  gainz goblins at it again . 
  begun , the gym wars have . 
   more heavy equipment such as tanks, 
  are you sure about that ? 
  i could have sworn that germany has more leopards than the uk has challengers . 
  i think it could crush turkey now too after the erdogan 's purges . 
  rather homophobic of them to discount the possibility of lesbian rape . 
   the dunkettle free flow upgrade,
