  i do n't see why changing the gender of batman would make it suck . 
  you sure are n't doing the image of 3rd wave feminists any favours . 
  not that they needed any help in maintaining their negative modern image ... 
  if you do n't see how much the character of james bond or batman would lose by not being male , then you clearly fundamentally misunderstand the characters . 
  man of steel looked phenomenal from its main trailer . 
  and then it was just boring . 
  not as strongly , no . 
  while in the james bond books and earlier movies , bond 's white upper class upbringing was rather fundamental to his character , this has been largely phased out since the 80 's ( with the possible exception of skyfall ) . 
  i see we 're being invaded by / r/all, 
  great ... 
  fuck off , / r/all . 
  you do n't get spoonfed here . 
  i thought / r/4chan did n't appear on that cesspit any more . 
  let 's look at a prime example ; the migration crisis in europe . 
  do you think if conservative values were to the fore in europe that such a mess would be taking place ? 
  there 's a reason that the member states with conservative governments were the only ones to take definitive action to stem the flows into their countries . 
  i 'll put it this way ; there would likely be less opposition to batman being black than to james bond being black ( by rational people of course ) because race is only tangentially relevant to bruce wayne 's character . 
  they 're not all refugees though . 
  not even close . 
  most are economic migrants . 
  i 'd argue that i do n't see the point , but ultimately i would n't really care as long as the character portrayed well . 
  i know where you 're going with this by the way . 
  i 've already told you that being male is far more fundamental to the characters of james bond and batman than being white . 
  i fail to see how this is relevant . 
  the us needed those immigrants to sustain its growth . 
  most of these immigrants coming into the eu are just a burden on european nations . 
  sweden and germany are constantly increasing their cost estimates of providing for all these migrants . 
  and with the possible exception of germany though ( but god knows it probably would have taken the immigrants in anyway ) , europe does n't need all these extra workers . 
  unemployment is still very high in most european nations . 
  and that 's before we even touch on the issue of integration and culture clash ... 
  it 's also telling that many of the immigrants just want to go where the best benefits are while ignoring countless safe and developed countries along the way . 
  how so , friendo ? 
   still , it 's not the liberal part of their political views that are the insane part , i 'm sure . 
  not true . 
  most sjw values are liberal ones just taken to the extreme ( killing jews is n't part of socialist ideology ) . 
  saying that their not liberals is a legitimate no true scotsman fallacy . 
   another website that is commonly referred to as the asshole of the internet calls another place a cesspit, 
  only sheltered morons thing that . 
   i 'm saying that their liberal values are n't the problem . 
  yes they are , because they hold extreme liberal values that are the driving factor in their bullshittery . 
  i 'm not saying at all that liberal values are inherently bad , but just like the far right , extremists of any ideology ca n't be just discounted as not adhering to the ideology if they base their values on the ideology itself . 
  granted , i probably should have included sweden with the germany exception i mentioned in my previous comment . 
  but sweden is a lost cause as far as i 'm concerned . 
  but that in itself is part of the problem . 
  germany in particular is pushing its desire for immigrants on the rest of europe and the liberal values that permeate europe today in most member states result in them toeing the line despite not needing these migrants . 
   yea it is telling , people want the best they can get . 
  rational actors attempting to maximize positive outcomes , apparently something sinister . 
  they should be grateful for being allowed into europe at all . 
  instead many of them act like entitled wankers , make demands of the nations they are passing through , and act like children if those demands are n't met . 
   because i ca n't think of a single sjw issue that i would say is based on a principle of liberty . 
  ah c'mon now ; it 's been a long time since liberals had sole claim over that particular value . 
  the ideology has evolved far beyond that and become something more . 
   i 'm sure you have some kind of data to substantiate the claim that they 're entitles , etc etc whatever . 
  have you watched * any * news coverage of the migrant crisis in the past 2 years ? 
  at all ? 
   what have you seen/heard about sweden that did n't filter through whichever alt right aggregate site you use ? 
  bit rich coming from somebody on a left-wing aggregate site . 
   for a hellhole everyone seems awfully happy, 
  sure . 
  but as an outsider looking in , i sure as hell could n't live there with their values and way of life . 
  hence , as i said , to me sweden has evolved in recent years into what i would consider a lost cause . 
   if you came from a shithole , would you stop in the first place you found ? 
  or would you press on to the best place possible ? 
  i 'm not saying what they are doing is devoid of logic . 
  but it 's definitely an entitled attitude to have . 
  what right do they have to march across europe and generally being disruptive wherever they go ? 
  and then throwing tantrums when their progress is blocked or impeded ? 
  uploading videos on their smartphones protraying themselves as victims of the cruel european authorities who are being far more accommodating than almost any other place in the world would be ? 
   you do n't see the point of selecting the best actor based on the strength of his acting abilities ? 
  well , provided that was the actual reason they got the role , i 'd be perfectly fine with it . 
  but there 's always gon na be suspicions as to the true motive in this day and age . 
   so , there 's just something quintessentially male about james bond ? 
  absolutely . 
   would you have a problem with a spy movie that was very similar to james bond , only it starred a female character ? 
  yes . 
  but it ca n't be a bond movie . 
   are you telling me that skyfall , minus the name , just does not work with a female lead ? 
  if you 're not , that 's fine . 
  i 'm not accusing you of that . 
  i 'm asking . 
  it would need significant changes and it would n't be a bond film . 
  it would n't feel like one - not to me , and not to the vast majority of fans . 
  and that 's the important part . 
  bond is * the * quintessential male character . 
  everything he does exudes the paragon of traditional masculinity . 
  if you remove that , it simply ca n't be a bond film . 
   is what you 're telling me is if you had the exact same character , but she was sleeping with `` bond boys '' instead of `` bond girls , '' you 're turning a great movie into a terrible one with just that ? 
  again , it would n't be a bond movie because it would be lacking what makes bond , well , bond . 
   what i do n't get is why jane bond changes the film so fundamentally that you think it 's awful based on that and literally nothing else . 
  then you clearly do n't understand the appeal of james bond as a character and the movies he stars in . 
   but , okay ... let 's just say i granted you that ... half of james bond 's appeal is as a male sex fantasy , and changing him to a her upsets that ( which means you 're saying you , personally , ca n't enjoy james bond unless he 's a male sex fantasy ... ) let 's just say i grant you that as totally understandable and legitimate . 
  i 'd be more general and say `` male power fantasy '' rather than sex fantasy . 
  a lot more than just the seduction of women in the movies and books is geared towards the desires of men . 
   what on earth is batman doing for you as a man that batman could n't do for you as a woman ? 
  why is changing the race okay but not the gender ? 
  what is fundamentally male about batman ? 
  if you take away the ( idiotic ) gravelly voice , but otherwise have the same character , why does it matter ? 
  this one i 'm gon na find a bit harder to defend if i 'm honest . 
  i 'm far more of james bond fan than a batman fan . 
  also , there 's far more variance in how batman has been portrayed even in the movies alone compared to how bond has been portrayed in all media .
