  correlation does not imply causation . 
  the yes campaign getting bad publicity ? 
   a yes means that the society really does approve . 
  well , the majority of society anyway . 
  in typical irish fashion , it 's all down to who you know . 
  maybe many yes voters are just new to voting ? 
   i 've seen and heard way more people suddenly having concerns about adoption and surrogacy than i have disliking the yes campaign . 
  depends on what circles you move in and what news articles you read i suppose . 
  unless you have proof that they caused the shift , this conversation is pointless . 
  ah leave him alone , he 's grand . 
  no harm done . 
  me neither . 
  i had a day off work too . 
  spent it playing video games and ordering new furniture for my apartment . 
  but everybody on / r/ireland is pretty weird in one way or another . 
  this is some facebook tier stuff , lads . 
  most likely made up anyway . 
  as for upsetting people , you 'd have to have a pretty thin skin to be upset by what he says . 
  so much for being gracious in victory . 
  i thought the yes side was meant to be more mature than the no side ? 
   for the rest of their lives they will be recognised as the bigots they are . 
  how so ? 
  dobby is the president . 
  not voting on something you do n't care about = / = being an idiot . 
  normally i 'd agree , but not on this referendum . 
  the results did n't matter to me in the slightest . 
   happy now ? 
  i do n't think i can use that sort of evidence in a peer-reviewed journal . 
  what bitterness ? 
  i did n't even vote because i did n't given 2 shits about the result . 
  when you assume , you make an ass out of u and me , joe , 
  i would n't have to do it if you did n't keep making assumptions about me . 
   internet forums, 
  how would that even work ? 
  i dunno , i think i 've been fairly even handed in criticising both sides of the debate . 
  as i said before , i disagreed with most of the no side 's arguments , but i just could n't care enough about the yes campaign to vote yes ( also , i disagreed with quite a bit of their behaviour and attitudes , which was very off-putting . 
  when you 're on the fence , the small things matter ) . 
  i do n't understand why you 're being a dick towards me . 
  sorry we ca n't all be perfect like you , joe . 
  but please , continue to make assumptions about me based on the fact that i spend a lot of time on the internet ( the reasons for which i have previously explained why ) . 
  but if i was n't siding with the yes or no campaign , what reason would i have to be bitter ? 
  you 're not making any sense . 
   is that it then ? 
  you ran out of ways to defend yourself so you 've resorted to sarcasm and acting smug ? 
  it 's actually that you 're point blank refusing the acknowledge any defenses i put forward . 
  what 's the point in properly engaging with somebody who puts up a brick wall and shouts at you from the top of it ? 
   or at least claim not to vote so you can be contrarian on the internet, 
  that would be a pretty retarded thing to do . 
   the reason for you spending hours debating something you claim not to care about is absolutely retarded . 
  you 're on the internet so you 're being forced to discuss things you do n't give a fuck about ? 
  how do you get any rest ? 
  it was a topical issue in the country . 
  debating on things i do n't have any direct interest in is hardly something new for me . 
   your posts about this topic can be essentially summed up as `` i do n't have any opinion ... yes side are bastards though ... nope nooooo opinions at all but i do specifically dislike one side '' x1000 . 
  to be fair , / r/ireland was covering the negative aspects of the no campaign just fine . 
   you 're a transparent idiot . 
  i 'd have to be retarded to take you at face value . 
  you continue to ramble on about me being transparent , yet without any proof , you 're once again just making assumptions . 
  and that 's the way we like it . 
   you told me why and i think it 's so dumb you must be lying . 
  do you always engage in conversations you have no interest or opinion in and just complain constantly ? 
  what kind of person does that ? 
  a person with a lot of time on their hands ( not that i * fully * agree with your summary of my activities ) . 
   how can i prove something to you when i think you know what you 're doing and are just going to deny it anyway ? 
  i will only deny what 's untrue . 
  ask away . 
   are you a practising catholic ? 
  nope . 
   you 're still bitter and miserable and you have nobody to blame for that but yourself . 
  godammit lads , i 'm not bitter or miserable about the result at all . 
  i have no reason to be . 
  love psg . 
  one of the shows i consider a `` bridging anime '' that brought me from being a casual anime fan to a more engaged one . 
  currently have it as a solid 8 over on mal . 
  if would be an easy 9 were it not for those weak episodes mid-season ( the nose picking one being an another particularly bad one ) . 
  `` les diaboliques '' however is one of my all time favourite episodes of any anime . 
  yeah , those two half episodes combined are 24 minutes of my life i 'll never see again . 
  such a waste . 
  enlighten us then . 
   any drunken sex encounter is basically defined as rape, 
  depends on where you live and the level to which the sjws have infiltrated the legal system . 
  i have no incentive to do so . 
  i 'd wager your opinion of me is tinting your interpretation of my comments . 
  yeah , because pointing out immaturity and hypocrisy is a `` tone '' ... / s, 
  you 'd swear i 'd only started acting like this just because of the marriage equality debate , when in fact i have a long history of highlighting the double standards that are rife in / r/ireland . 
  hey now , / int / had another wonderful eurovision thread this year . 
  i ca n't see / pol / doing that . 
  hey , ireland is safe so it 's all good as far as i 'm concerned . 
  india ? 
  ca n't wait to kill some innie scum !, 
  seriously though , halo is going some dark and interesting places so who knows what we 'll see in halo 5 & 6 and beyond . 
  also , we do n't know at what point chronlogically that ben said `` that was the last time i heard from mshak moradi '' . 
  he might well hear from him at some point after he recorded that , but i ca n't say i 'm too hopeful . 
  yeah , the blind oni hate developing in the halo community is bizarre and lacks any comprehension of how essential oni was to humanity 's survival . 
  what is n't helping either is the oni 's minimal presence in the previous games . 
  to be aware of their achievements , one has to be quite familiar with the expanded universe . 
  good luck , i 'm behind seven proxies !, 
   now that the common enemy has been broken they want to go back to pulling strings controlling the ueg and and exploiting the outer colonies . 
  oni does what it does to ensure the safety and betterment of humanity as a whole . 
  you can disagree with their methods and worldview , but that fact ca n't be denied .
