  it 's a thing only women can do , but requires the assistance of men . 
  until we reach a point where women can have a child without any male biological components , they should n't have * absolute * control over pregnancy . 
  source ? 
   how can you still be of the opinion that it 's fine to force a woman to go through it all because a guy wants to keep the baby ? 
  because regardless of whether the child resides for 9 months in its mother 's womb or is grown in some futuristic lab using components from both parents , the father still has a right to his child . 
  but let 's consider the opposite case for the moment ; mother wants to keep the child and the father does not . 
  once again the father get 's no choice in the matter . 
  look , i 'm not some unhinged men 's rights activist , but neither of these cases seem right to me . 
  women are the child bearers of our society - an important role , if not the most important . 
  however , something that important ( that requires the assistance of men ) , should n't be in the sole control of 50 % of the earth 's population . 
   clean, 
  except for the little orange reflector on the front wheelarch . 
  they really bother way more than they should on american cars . 
  i think jaguar do it best . 
   i just ... 
  i honestly ca n't understand a person willingly forcing anyone else to endure all that for 9 months against their will . 
  i 'm not saying the sort of man who does this is a good person - i think it 's moreso a case of `` you 're not wrong , but you 're being a bit of a dick '' . 
  i sure as hell would n't do it . 
  however , a man wanting to have a child that he helped create is a perfectly understandable desire i believe . 
  if the father really wants the child and is willing to support it fully on his own , i do in fact think that it should supercede the mother 's right to terminate the pregnancy . 
  thanks for being reasonable and understanding even though we disagree - it 's rare in debates like these i 've found . 
   because it 's more than ` the right to terminate the pregnancy ' , it 's ` the right to control her own body ' , you know ? 
  i understand this perfectly . 
  but , at the same time , it does n't sit well with the me that men can be so easily disregarded in the abortion decision-making process in this modern , equality-driven age . 
  like many debates such as this , we need a middle ground - but unfortunately due to the nature of the human reproductive system , this is n't yet possible . 
  such middle ground might be one day possible in the future though if we develop the medical technology to remove a fetus from the womb and safely put it in some sort of artificial uterus in cases like this . 
  or something like that - i wo n't deny that i know very very little about biomedical science . 
   but abortion is still illegal where i live unless the mother will literally die, 
  yeah , exact same deal where i come from - big controversy over it there about a year or two ago . 
  still no definitive law on the matter yet . 
   i do n't think men are being ` disregarded ' , and would strongly encourage and expect every women to discuss her choice to abort with her partner . 
  well , i never said men * are * being disregarded on a widespread scale - but i said it * can * happen . 
  as you said , this will never be an issue for the vast majority of reasonable couples out there who are open with each other , but the potential for differing opinions on abortion between two people in a relationship does exist . 
  laws should be in place for when a couple ca n't come to a decision that benefits both parties , but as i said in my previous comment , the possibility for that may be affected by current limits in biomedical science . 
   i only see the pain , suffering and terror of a woman who has to carry a pregnancy to term against her will . 
  forgive my ignorance , but why terror ? 
  other than not actually wanting the child , provided nothing went wrong , would the pregnancy with a child the woman does n't plan to keep be not all that different from a pregnancy in ideal circumstances ? 
  in my experiences , irish teens can be very homophobic on the surface , but in reality they do n't really care what or who you want to fuck . 
  calling people gay and such is just another piece of artillery in the vast insult arsenal of the average irish teenager . 
   the amount of kids i have seen go through the system knowing full well they were gay, 
  how can you know this ? 
  of course , and we discussed that further down . 
  but the opposite is more difficult to resolve . 
   also , `` tangeable [ sic ] risk to the mother 's life '' ? 
  do n't be a coward , give us a number . 
  what percent risk of her death qualifies as tangible for you ? 
  fixed . 
  6 maternal deaths per 100,000 is the mortality rate for pregnant mothers where i come [ from ] ( http://www.indexmundi.com/ireland/maternal_mortality_rate.html ) . 
  whatever way you look at it , that 's a damned low statistic and risk level . 
  also , do n't imply cowardice - let 's not reduce the mature attitude that has permeated this conversation so far . 
   if the female party wishes not to gestate the fetus , nobody can force her . 
   if the male party wishes not to gestate the fetus , nobody can force him . 
   if the female party wishes to gestate the fetus , nobody can keep her from trying . 
   if the male party wishes to gestate the fetus , nobody can keep him from trying . 
  at least clairebones did n't insult me with asinine suggestions that completely ignore the points about what men are entitled to and the say that they should have in the future of their child . 
  fisker is danish ? 
  also , nice eurovision you 've got going on at the moment . 
  your interval acts were n't great though . 
   statistically in any school , 7 % of school is gay . 
  source ? 
  that sounds very exaggerated . 
   the way they look when a gay joke is made by some idiot or someone calks someone else a `` faggot '' you can see them cringe a little . 
  weird . 
  i know a few gay people from secondary school , and in general they take gay jokes in their stride . 
   alright , so you think 6/100k is an acceptable risk of death to force somebody to take . 
  what risk of death do you think is unreasonable ? 
  please give me a number . 
  there are no statistics i can quote here . 
  what do you expect me to say ? 
  obviously , anything higher than 6/100k is worse and anything lower is better . 
   i will say it : saying `` risk of death '' without listing a specific number is cowardice . 
  i listed a number when it was asked of me - clairebones did n't ask it of me , so i did n't feel it necessary to provide it . 
  it 's not like i was unwilling to . 
   your final paragraph has ( presumably autocorrect ) errors that make it unparsable . 
  there are no spelling mistakes that i can see in that paragraph , but i 'll rephrase for clarity ; `` at least clairebones did n't insult me with asinine suggestions that completely ignore the points i made about what men are entitled to and the input that they should have in deciding the future of their child '', 
   if you were in this situation , would you consent to bearing that cost at the other party 's insistence ? 
  even if it were a one-night stand , perhaps , and you no longer wished to associate with the other party ? 
  * in my opinion , * that is a responibility you have to consider when you have sex . 
  that 's why , as clairebones said , it is important for couples to discuss their opinions on things like this . 
  one night stands are another entirely , but there is still a responsibility attached to it . 
  that said , very very few people would want to keep a child as the result of a one night stand - male or female . 
  especially , as you said , if they do n't want to associate with the other party from that point onwards . 
  [ ] ( / trixieisbestnerd ) watch the eurovision ? 
  no wait , that 's over . 
  [ ] ( / x31 ) / r/mylittlesupportgroup might be more suitable for this . 
  you 'll be guaranteed a better calibre of answer over there in my experience . 
   but yours gives all the power to men . 
  but the current one ( depends where you come from and the circumstances ) gives all the power to women - why is that better ? 
  [ ] ( / fetaltrixie ) i wanted netherlands to win . 
  so frustrating . 
  the eurovision being political is nothing new . 
  i agreed with your first reply , did i not ? 
  we need new words !!, 
  i never said homophobia was n't wrong . 
   you should tell your gay friend those jokes are wrong and support him . 
  this is real life , not some after-school kids ' special where people actually * say * things like that . 
  not making such jokes myself is the best way to act . 
   of course those things are worthless , its the small things that make life worth living , the smile of a small child , doing , seeing something for the first time . 
  such things are highly subjective . 
   find what you like , and do that .
