  everything changed when moot left . 
   ironically , / r9k / is the least original board of them all, 
  yet a large portion of the posts on this subreddit are from / r9k / . 
  thank fuck !, 
  if you get kerbstopped in the last war that really mattered , you ca n't boast of your military prowess . 
  does n't stop them trying though . 
  who 's to say sauzbaum was n't being deceived too ? 
  well , he 's still in the op . 
  with yuki no less , who has also been noticeably absent since episode 1 of season 2 . 
  normalfags , m8 . 
  they ruin everything they touch . 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  that sounds like something a joe.ie shill would say . 
  do n't lie on the internet , manlet . 
  i 've never even understood what queer is supposed to mean in that context of lgbtq . 
  all the bases are covered by the other letters . 
   alexander the great ? 
  was n't he more bisexual than anything ? 
  y' know , even though it 's spelled incorrectly , it 's still probably more accurate for france 's fate in ww2 than `` kerbstomped '' . 
  ever see that video of the black guy telling a white scientist that the use of the term `` black hole '' was offensive ? 
  triggered ? 
  apparently the term `` queer '' stands for `` questioning '' now , according to other people in this thread . 
  that 's the one . 
  a true hero . 
   do n't fall for it people , get out and march this saturday . 
  but it 's cold outside . 
  is n't she looking grand ? 
  anon was the real mvp that day . 
  i did n't think i 'd like ssx , but it 's weirdly addictive . 
   how dare you !!!, 
  you 're playing right into the other guy 's hands by getting so worked up . 
  getting so angry during an internet discussion such as this achieves nothing . 
  and technically speaking , / u/catwurst does n't owe your brother any respect . 
  yes , he/she is being a cunt about it , but still . 
   they were under-armoured compared to battleships of wwii, 
  i thought the japanese upgraded the kongou-class battlecruisers to battleship status before ww2 . 
  would this not have involved the addition of more armor ? 
  one day i 'm going to find out why she says that . 
   implying one can simply leave, 
  which is why reclassifying them as battleships always seemed a bit odd to me , because of all the types of armor , minimal horizontal deck armor is one of the defining features of a battlecrusier . 
  ... huh ? 
  to be fair , the dead are n't inherently deserving of respect by mere virtue of being dead . 
  and that 's perfectly fine by me . 
  i personally have great sympathy for both the victims and those affected by suicide . 
   washington hit her with a full nine-shot salvo of 16-inch shells . 
  ow , that 's gon na hurt no matter how well you 're armored . 
  it 's a learning process . 
  i love me some ww2 trivia , but i 'm rather weak on the pacific theatre . 
  so between these comments and the kancolle threads on / a / , i 'm learning a lot . 
   `` shit '', 
  that was way more hilarious than it had any right to be . 
   hitler 's wet dream, 
  well , hitler had good taste in that case . 
  yamato is an odd name for a hotel . 
  i hope that guy who lists all the characters that appeared in each kancolle episode and their corresponding ship class shows up . 
  his posts are such a useful reference . 
  i do n't see what 's wrong with that sentiment . 
  female detected . 
  `` definitely not '' then ? 
   no one thinks like this . 
  ... okay then . 
  well there 's rumours going around that a few american battleships might introduced at some point in the future . 
   that would contradict what i understand about the abyssals , since i worked under the assumption that they represented the americans . 
  that seems to only be a theory in the anime . 
  it does n't hold up too well in the game . 
   continues texting friends in only emoji, 
  i thought a blonde bill clinton . 
  god bless that subreddit . 
  slainefags pls leave . 
  cry more , slainefag . 
  if you were watching season 2 , you 'd know that was only a temporary set-back and only made inaho even more capable . 
  implying i believed for a second that they would actually kill off inaho . 
  that said , i was thinking of dropping the show for other reasons ... 
  i strongly agree . 
  [ seems pretty straightforward to me . 
   these men are short-sighted and are clueless to the fact that there are a lot of things that men love to talk about that women give no fucks over but we will sit quietly while you get it out of your system and everyone can talk about something more interesting . 
  then just do n't use sites which have a majority male userbase like 4chan to discuss those subjects that tend to only appeal to women/girls . 
  seems fairly straight-forward to me . 
  there are millions of sites on the internet - just take your pick . 
  like , is it so wrong for guys to want to maintain a space where they can talk about things they want to talk about ? 
  this does n't even phase me . 
  that includes you then , yes ? 
   / mu/tant, 
   not a neckbeard, 
  choose one . 
   no worries mate its just my opinion you keep watching this pile of shit ( along with fat otakus ), 
  implying you 're not a fat otaku . 
  because only an otaku would consider his tastes to be objectively superior to the tastes of others . 
  have you been watching junketsu no maria by any chance this season ? 
  there 's a good example of an ecchi anime with a lot more to it than fanservice . 
  why do you care so much what other people think of your hobbies ? 
  do n't expect an entire community to bend to your whims just so you can look cool in front of your friends . 
  not you again ... 
  why ? 
  but i enjoy watching the butthurt . 
  why would we tell them to leave ? 
  they 're not here trying to lecture us . 
  you rectally flustered , m8 ? 
  no , spouting sjw ideologies makes you an sjw . 
  what part of that do n't you understand ?
