  was n't the 190 heavier than the 109 though ? 
  not sure how his political views are relevant to this video , but okay . 
  it 's the irish equivalent of getting a knighthood . 
  i recently ended my norton antivirus subscription and replaced it with mse ( best decision i ever made ram-wise ) . 
  however , one feature mse does n't appear to have is a back-up facility . 
  i rarely used the norton back-up system , but i felt secure in knowing that the majority of my files were safe when i did back up every few months . 
  for that reason , i 'm wondering is there any ( free ) program that allows users to safely back up their data ? 
  if my laptop were ever to be damaged or stolen , i would like to know my data and files are stored somewhere safe ( in the way norton stored my files in their database on the web for example ), 
  any help appreciated . 
  edit : running windows 7 64 bit - probably should n't have left that out . 
  i have fairly upright and rigid writing which , despite not being beautiful to look at , has always been tidy and works for me . 
  however , it also means that i have never been able to write a nice looking signature . 
  when i 'm signing my name on something it looks the exact same as if i were 12 . 
  my signature stands out a mile on forms/lists due to the child-like nature of it - it does n't help that my surname is relatively long and has quite a few upright letters . 
  due a recent change in my life , i find myself needing to sign things a lot more and need my signature to look more professional . 
  is there any way i can learn to sign my name in a more calligraphic/attractive way ? 
  ever read the book `` the secret life of walter mitty '' ? 
  well , it 's about a introverted , conflicted man with a vivid fantasy life . 
  he lives vicariously through his imaginings of triumph and heroism that juxtaposes with his own unexciting life . 
  well , that 's pretty much me in a nutshell . 
  i suffer from bouts of depression every so often , usually due to overthinking elements of my own boring , uninspiring life . 
  i 've always had a vivid imagination , and over the years i 've developed it into a defence mechanism not only against depression , but against any potential sources of it . 
  almost any free moment i have - walking down the street , working around the house , lying in bed at night waiting to go to sleep - i retreat to my own fantasy world , shielding myself from the thoughts and worries of everyday life . 
  a few times i 've completely zoned out of reality for the best part of an hour . 
  this trend of escapism is also seen in my love of video games/movies and my slight internet addiction - anything that distracts me from my real life and allows me to assume the role of a character/persona who is infinitely better than i could ever be . 
  it 's a strategy that works , but is starting to negatively impact on my life . 
  rather than think about how to solve a problem , i find myself retreating into my mind to live out a life free from the issues i face . 
  my work performance is falling rather rapidly ( but so far i 've largely managed to shield that from others ) and my life goals are getting further and further out of reach . 
  recently there have been moments where i feel like i 'm starting to lose my grip on reality . 
  they come and go , but they frighten me nonetheless . 
  unsurprisingly , these effects can often be a source of depression for me - an unpleasant cycle . 
  i 'm caught in a downward spiral , in a life few elements of which i enjoy . 
  it 's not like i live a bad life ( in my lower moments i sometimes wish i did just so i could justify how i feel - which is a horrible thing to do ) , but it just does n't make me feel good about myself . 
  and while i 'm not suffering from a bout of depression right now , there 's always this overarching sense of disillusionment in my life . 
  i 'm posting this because it feels good to gather my thoughts regarding my problem and write them down . 
  but beyond that , i honestly do n't know what to do . 
  i 've sought help on forums like this for depression before , but as good as the advice tends to be , it never seems to be something i can implement in my life . 
  and honestly , living in a fantasy world combined with bouts of depression now and again does n't leave one with much motivation to change their life . 
  thanks for reading . 
  what made you make the decision to remove masturbation from your life ? 
  i ask because i am trying to decide myself whether i should stop , but i feel as if i need a reason or otherwise i wo n't follow through . 
  i 'm interested in hearing other people 's perspectives on why they felt the need to stop , and this seems to be the best place to find out . 
  i understand what the concept of thevenin equivalent voltage/open circuit voltage is , but i can never figure out how to calculate it . 
  even when i 'm given the solutions to problems regarding it , i ca n't understand the steps taken to achieve the answer . 
  i would be very grateful if somebody could explain to me as simply as possible what the procedure is for deducing the thevenin equivalent voltage/open circuit voltage is ? 
  edit : if you could show me a very simple example ( 2 or 3 resistors in a very simple circuit or something like that ) i imagine that would help immensely , but that 's merely a suggestion, 
  ok , a bit of backround first so this will all make sense :, 
  i shared my first 360 with my 2 younger brothers when i got it in 2007 . 
  it was my first console with online capabilities . 
  i was delighted about this - but for my parents it was a reason for concern . 
  they did n't want my two brothers playing online ( for whatever reason i 'll never know ) , so they insisted on turning on the parental control feature . 
  so we set it up , i was given the password so i could play online - and then promptly turned off the majority of the features . 
  everybody got to play online , my parents were none the wiser , and for the next 5 years the system worked perfectly . 
  however , this summer i got a new xbox for myself because i would be away a lot this year . 
  all went well until the recent big update . 
  when i tried to install the update , up popped the message requiring the parental control password ( obviously i had n't turned it off completely all those years ago - big mistake ) . 
  and for the life of me i could not remember the password - and neither could anyone else in the house . 
  the problem was that my parents had created a windows live account especially for the parental control feature - a account that nobody had used since . 
  i used to have the password on my old phone , but that was lost when it got destroyed . 
  now , this should be okay - just go to the back-up address and change the password , right ? 
  well , not a single person in the house recognises the back-up email account !, 
  it 's amazing how much a person can forget in 5 years . 
  and now i 'm out of ideas . 
  i 've tried everything i can think of - short of contacting microsoft ( should i do that ? ) . 
  so , basically i 'm looking for any advice at all on how i could possibly resolve this situation - i really really want to play some halo 4 multiplayer . 
  thanks in advance !, 
  ok , i do n't know where else to post this , so i hope you guys can help - a bit of backround first so this will all make sense :, 
  some of the parental control features are still active on my xbox 360 profile from when i shared an xbox with my 2 younger brothers ( as explained in [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/xbox360/comments/12zv3l/issue_with_parental_controlmost_recent_update/ ) post in the xbox 360 subreddit ) . 
  when the parental control was set up 5 years ago , my parents had created a windows live email account especially for the purpose . 
  it was never used again ( i had turned off the majority of the parental control features so it never interfered with my play ) , and now not a single person in the house can remember the password . 
  nor does anybody recognise the back-up email account the password changing link has been sent to . 
  and if parental control is enabled on your xbox profile , the email password is needed to approve the most recent update . 
  otherwise no more xbox live . 
  i 've literally have no idea what to do now - i 've tried everything to regain access to the email account so i can approve the new xbox live update short of contacting microsoft ( should i do that ? ) . 
  anyway , any advice would be great - thanks in advance . 
  i have [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/xbox360/comments/12zv3l/issue_with_parental_controlmost_recent_update/ ) problem and have been told that resetting my xbox should solve it ? 
  if i did this , would i have any issue getting onto xbox live in the future ? 
  ( or any other problems with microsoft ? ), 
  edit : also , do microsoft have any email address you can contact them on without having to sign into windows live to do so ? 
  i need to reset my xbox to get rid of family settings that are stuck on due to a defunct email address ( i 'm 20 now , but i had forgotten that they had been left on from when i got my first xbox years ago - shared it with my younger brothers ) and have therefore prevented me from downloading the big xbox live update there over a month ago . 
  however , i have no idea how to do this , and a lot of the instructions i find online vary a lot and some seem rather sketchy . 
  i want to protect all the data i have on my hard drive ( save games , profiles dlc , etc ) , so i want to be sure i do n't make any mistakes and will be able to recover everything . 
  so , if you have any advice or links to legitimate instructions , i would greatly appreciate it . 
  i recently bought an android compatible 8gb micro-sd card to replace the 2gb one that came with my samsung galaxy ace . 
  i have a sd adapter , so i was able to remove all the files from the micro-sd card and put them on my laptop . 
  however , when i went to put them on the 8gb one , a pop-up repeatedly informed me that `` the disk is write-protected . 
  remove the write-protection or use another disk '' . 
  i can not think of any way of getting around this and i 'm not even sure what the problem is - i should be easily able to transfer data onto an android approved micro sd card . 
  for now i 've had to put everything back on the 2gb card , which is very full as it is . 
  any advice on how to fix this problem or on alternate methods of safely transferring files from one micro sd card to another would be greatly appreciated . 
  edit : for clarity, 
  ok , this is gon na be a long one , but i think i 'm on the verge of a mental break-down , so ... 
  i 'm a regular on / r/mylittlepony , but i 'm using my alt account here because i have some friends on reddit that also know me irl . 
  i 've posted here before , but just a bit of background first ; i suffer from regular bouts of depression , something i 've battled for about 4 years now . 
  i thought i had it beaten about 14 months ago . 
  i was riding high - i had just got accepted into the university engineering course i had always wanted and things were looking good . 
  but ever since , i 've been on an downwards spiral . 
  i knew engineering would be hard , especially since i was n't naturally talented at maths . 
  but i had wanted to be an engineer since i was old enough to know what one was and i was n't afraid of hard work . 
  however i was not prepared for how out of my depth i ended up being .
