  how is that at all relevant to what i said ? 
  i was talking specifically about this subreddit . 
   opening with a comment like that is trolling , simple as . 
  i disagree . 
  by the strict definition of trolling , what i 'm doing is n't so . 
  also , i 'm failing to see how what i said is bullshit . 
  / r/ireland is very hostile towards opinions it does n't agree with - i struggle to understand how somebody could be ignorant of this . 
   so are you !, 
  am i though ? 
  i have no problem with opposing opinions . 
  what i do find annoying is when one opinion becomes dominant in a community and stifles all other viewpoints on the issue . 
  nah , some of them are certifiably rabid . 
  we 're talking / r/atheism-tier . 
  huh , til . 
  what article ? 
  surely some effort is required on their end too ? 
  some might say the bulk of the effort ... 
  ah sure , we would n't want people getting * notions * now , would we ? 
   first , it 's a cynical move to destroy the left, 
  the amount of people who buy into this conspiracy theory is baffling ... 
  i 've always said that noonan has his head screwed on , despite what first impressions may imply . 
  ever since his disastrous stint as fg leader , he 's kept his head low but retained respect in fg circles nonetheless . 
  giving him the finance portfolio was a wise move on enda 's behalf because he 's probably the most capable politician in fg for the job . 
  you 're making it out to be more than it is . 
  it 's simple inter-party politics on a european scale . 
  of course the right-wing parties will want to weaken the credibility of their left-wing rivals , and vice versa . 
  but having a victim complex about it and complaining that the right-wing parties are trying to `` destroy '' the left achieves nothing - you 're making a song and dance out of the type of political maneuvers that have been at play for centuries . 
   the eurogroup are dismissing these proposals out of hand for no reason other than politics . 
  i 'm not quite sure about that . 
  most of the greek proposals would have caused serious problems not just for greece but the entire eu . 
  greece may have benefited in the short run from some of them , but they would have only dragged out the rate of the greek recovery and caused financial chaos in the eu and beyond . 
   he 's actually far more lefty than most people give him credit for . 
  yeah , he just does n't voice his opinions that often since his leadership days ( that or people fall asleep listening to him ) . 
  but you can sometimes see his left-wing leanings in the details of his budgets and such ( well , within the limitations of control the minister of finance actually has over the minutiae of the budget ), 
   can you give me some examples or an article on that ? 
  i 've read nothing that is positive on the eus position other than the response to fintan o'toole 's article written your man from enda 's department . 
  i 'm conscious that i may not be getting the full picture though . 
  do n't get me wrong , the eu/imf proposals are hardly brilliant themselves . 
  greece is fucked regardless of whether it goes its own way or follows orders . 
  it 's not so much that either plan has particular merit , it 's that they both have very different foci . 
  the eu 's plan ( s ) is designed to contain greece 's economic woes and in the long term get greece back to a point where it can borrow on the international markets again . 
  the eu sees greece being able to acquire its own loans as being essential to stabilizing the situation across the entire eurozone . 
  some might say that these plans prioritise external interests over greek interests , and they might be right . 
  but it 's worth remembering if greece fails there will be huge repercussions for europe as a whole . 
  the eu wants greece to survive and stay in the eurozone , but on the eu 's terms . 
  on the other hand , the greeks are only concerned with the future of greece . 
  such is the crisis in the country at the moment , they do n't give a shit what happens to the rest of the eu as a result of their actions . 
  to be fair , even as somebody who sides predominantly with the eu on this issue , i can understand why they 're taking such a stance . 
  but this puts their plans at odds with the eu by default . 
  this is why they 've never even come close to agreement . 
  the greek government is arguably more concerned with keeping its people happy than getting its house back in order ( hence why the greeks seem more focused on short term relief rather than long term reform ) . 
  somebody has to blink for this saga to progress , and i feel like it 's gon na be the greeks . 
  as for articles , i 'm afraid i 'm on mobile at the moment . 
  regardless i 've got most of my info about the situation from well-researched threads on reddit and tv news . 
  just because a word is overused does n't make it any less accurate . 
  not sure if serious ... 
  a sociopath because he 's good at his job and you dislike what he says ? 
   however , it is fundamentally clear that whatever hamas has done , it does not compare to what the israeli state has done . 
  that 's mainly because israel is more technologically advances than hamas . 
  do you want to give hamas equivalent tech to level the playing field ? 
  maybe he 's just doing his job and/or believes that the israeli reprisals are justified considering palestinian acts of terrorism ? 
  not everybody in this world has the exact same moral compass . 
  what the hell are you trying to say ? 
  if the invaded countries wanted independence so badly , why do they flock to the homes of their former colonial masters now ? 
  not all of them - not by a long shot . 
  look at nigeria for example . 
   using hola, 
  you do know that hola is notorious for malware ? 
  if you care about your pc i 'd advise using a different vpn/proxy . 
  only problem is , there are so few functioning free ones available these days . 
  maybe you should stop acting the twat and then you would n't have so many bad interactions with the garda\u00ed ? 
  i thought the paid version of zenmate stopped working properly when they locked most their services behind a paywall ? 
  rte player has become a lot more awkward to use recently . 
  you ca n't use * any * tracking or blocking software , otherwise it will refuse to work . 
  `` fighter planes '' . 
  because it 's an accurate observation on what occurred . 
   it would be inappropriate in this context and wo n't add anything to the comment, 
  a conversation where slang for female genitalia is being discussed is possibly the most appropriate context possible to use the word `` cunt '' . 
  but then again , it 's only a word . 
  much easier to get away with these sorta things in the olden days . 
   the fact that lots of posters here defended the abuser tells a very grim story . 
  there 's a difference between defending the abuser and waiting for proof before judging . 
   i 've received pms from the women on here saying they 've stopped posting because of the way they 've been treated . 
  people need to realise that you require a thick skin on the internet . 
  the internet , and reddit in particular ( at least not yet ) , is * not * a safe space . 
   you look at the few vocal women on this sub for the most part their comments are down voted even the most mundane of comments . 
  or , y' know , people downvote them for reasons * other * than their gender ? 
  why ? 
  i do n't see why special accommodations need to be made for women . 
   posting of a video like that can help other victims to get the strength to come forward or to leave imo . 
  while mob mentality is not acceptable either . 
  just because you have good intentions , that does n't excuse public shaming without providing concrete proof . 
  that provokes mob `` justice '' , especially in this age of social media . 
  anybody know the name of the music track used in that video ? 
  i 've been trying to find it since i first came across this video . 
   just that rape culture as a concept is legitimately an issue . 
  `` rape culture '' is such a bullshit term because it is completely misleading . 
  it does n't accurately describe what it claims to . 
  thanks very much , man !, 
   lack of understanding of lgbt issues is a definite issue in this subreddit .
