  humour is subjective . 
  til i should pursue a job in a local authority . 
  to be fair , updates to the console text trees tend to follow the pattern established by pc updates . 
  nobody except teenagers and normies use those acronyms any more . 
  they 're cringeworthy . 
   still , he 'd be a guaranteed seat in tipperary, 
  he very nearly lost his seat in the last election though . 
  fine . 
  i was only trying to make you aware of how using such terms might affect the impression you make on others . 
  seeing noticeably more churchill viis and caernarvons alright . 
  that said , the british heavy line is a difficult one ( especially in tiers vi-viii ) , so it 's hardly surprising that it might not be too popular even with an on track event in place . 
  it appeared there this morning . 
  just a few hours late for some reason . 
  this comment really made me want to get a french light autoloader . 
  at the moment , my go-to scout is the m41 bulldog without the auto-loader ( i feel like the auto-loader does n't suit the bulldog 's style of play for some reason ) . 
  it was . 
  but then it disappeared for a while and only came back this morning . 
  or is literally a child . 
  not playing is the only way to win . 
  the entire british heavy line would by my idea of a grind from hell , but i know from experience that when angled , black prince armor can be a nightmare to penetrate . 
  and people with black princes tend to know that because they 've just come through the two churchills . 
   yeah i understand why people do n't like playing them though . 
  one thing playing a slow tank like that does though is showcase common mistakes people make like rushing to far forward without support and stopping to shoot spotted reds instead of going to where they should do . 
  yeah , took me way longer than i 'd like to admit to learn that because i do n't play slow tanks . 
  wo n't somebody please think of the children ?!!, 
  special permission from the garda\u00ed . 
  i thought the panther 88 does n't have preferential matchmaking ? 
  because the nutjobs in the anti-paying your mortgage movement are known to hunt down and harass bailiffs and those involved in the eviction process . 
   the rest of us have to do that why not the baliffs ? 
  because the nutjobs in the anti-paying your mortgage movement are known to hunt down and harass bailiffs and those involves in the eviction process . 
  are you visually impaired ? 
   since the switch the connection routinely drops when i 'm playing online games and the upload/download speed has gone to shite . 
  nothing worse than being on the final cutscene of a gta online heist and for the internet connection to drop . 
  no record of the heist being completed and no money . 
  i just did n't have the motivation to do it again . 
  this was back there before xmas when the connection issues with vm were even worse than they are now though . 
   try to enforce, 
  nobody said they actually follow through with it . 
  but they will send you the letters if you 're unlucky . 
  polandball art is intentionally bad though ( although some artists over on the subreddit try their best to skirt around the rules ) . 
  sounds like an absolute nutcase . 
  does trump really trigger you that much ? 
  well , he certainly lived a life more exciting than any of us will ever will . 
  it 's like we 're on alt-tumblr . 
  this story is as old as australia . 
  i can only assume that op was born yesterday . 
  you 're digging a hole here , op . 
   and that a future where online naked photos of everybody are so commonplace that it 's a non-issue is fast approaching, 
  that 's a rather naive/idealistic notion . 
  do you really think we will reach a point where there is no shame associated with naked pictures of the average person publicly available on the internet without their consent ? 
   all she can do is own it and not let him shame her, 
  sure , but you can be ashamed/embarrassed of your naked images of being on the web without somebody else actively `` shaming '' you . 
  there are countless websites dedicated to the amateur porn niche . 
  and for many , the implied lack of consent makes the pictures all the more coveted . 
  this was clearly evident during the `` fappening '' for example ( yes , those were celebrities , but the lack of consent was definitely a factor for many who * consumed * those images ) . 
  sure it 's only a bit of holy water on the head . 
  nah , that 's just / r/ireland being / r/ireland . 
  that has little or nothing to do with the vast amount of teenagers in our midst . 
   do n't start your child 's life of by telling her she 's evil and must spend the rest of her life making up for some story that everybody ( including those telling it ) admit is made up . 
  ... a child less than a year old is n't going to infer that from water being poured on their head . 
   tell your mother you want your daughter to wear a burka as well , to please the other god as well . 
  sure it only bit of cloth . 
  forcing your child to completely conceal their body when in public is hardly comparable to pouring water on a child 's head once when they are not old enough to comprehend what 's going on . 
  i used to stop playing wot for a couple of months when this used to happen in the past . 
  but now that i 'm more invested in the game , i just plough through the string of bad matches and come out the other side . 
  if you 're grinding a tank and you run into this problem , it can help to switch to a tank you enjoy playing for a while . 
   i do n't think i could play without it . 
  2 + years of wot , and never once paid for premium . 
  you get used to it . 
  is it true that there 's bonus xp for platooning ? 
   there are plenty of people who do n't feel any body shame, 
  i did n't deny that . 
  but i 'd wager that they 're far from the majority , as was my point . 
  no splashes on their heads . 
  no problem getting them into the school i wanted ( though that is an educate together ) . 
  good for you . 
  not the same situation for the majority of people though . 
   it 's sexual abuse, 
  that 's a legal grey area ( i also do n't see how it would be considered sexual abuse anyway ) . 
  the only charge he could realistically be convicted on is blackmail . 
   not having a smugposting external hard drive stored in a fireproof safe, 
  what would be ethical to you ? 
   so by extension you 're calling some of the most experienced relationship advice columnists in the western world naive . 
  i stand by my statement . 
   also , we live in a rapid changing world where technology is making all the stupid mistakes of our past permanent online . 
  unless you do n't put them online in the first place . 
  is personal responsibility no longer a thing ? 
   aside from that , trying to attack me for trying to offer comfort to someone in a horrible situation, 
  when did i attack you ? 
   is pretty f ** ked man, 
  you can say `` fucked '' on the internet . 
  i wo n't tell your mother . 
   i mean , even if it were wishful thinking ( and it 's not ) , you could have just let it go and not try to take it away for no reason, 
  huh ? 
   get over yourself like, 
  no , like . 
   the empire strikes back, 
  well , they certainly whipped the media into a patriotic frenzy , which in turn did the same to the public . 
   i guess there 's nothing more british than running away, 
  i believe you 're confusing the british with the french .
