  this is about as mature as the majority of users in this subreddit . 
  and the brits sank the belgrano . 
  and also held almost complete air superiority from the decks of two small carriers . 
  to this day i fail to understand how argentinians can derive * any * pride from the falklands war . 
  i 'm not talking sides ( taking the british side would be a bit odd for an irishman even today ) , but i 'm just stating facts . 
  yeah , but the argies would get crushed even worse than before if she waits until the new royal navy carrier and f-35s are ready . 
  i was n't trying to be rude though . 
  true , but despite its failure it lit the flames of something that would result in most of the goals of the 1916 leaders being achieved in a few short years . 
  the same ca n't be said for argentina and the falklands . 
  knowing the state of most our navy ships , it 'll probably sink and the italians will end up rescuing the crew members . 
  college liberals often inadvertently damage any campaign they support . 
   i only wish we could vote to forcefully remove religion from our country . 
  and deprive 1-2 million people of their beliefs ? 
  talk about bigotry ... 
  all but the latest addition to the fleet are quite old . 
  but they did n't achieve the primary goal of the war . 
  that would be like if the repercussions of the 1916 rising resulted in home rule or something , but not independence . 
  i know that the ulterior motive for the argentina 's initial invasion of the falklands was to distract the populace , but the purpose of the war itself was to hold the islands . 
  well , malta would n't take one of our older ships , so that says a lot really . 
  they were hardly being pricks about it . 
  it was unsuited for purpose . 
   mine was that it should be . 
  the dole should n't serve to exacerbate an already unpleasant situation . 
   such is the imagination of many irish voters . 
  to be fair , who else is there that 's worth voting for ? 
  fg did n't make a balls of rectifying the economy . 
  that 's good enough as far as i 'm concerned . 
  being unemployed * is n't * nice . 
  why make it worse ? 
  eh , we 're all gon na die one day anyway . 
  as long as the economy stays in good shape at least we 'll all stand a better chancing of getting/keeping jobs until that day comes . 
  seriously though , who else is worth voting for ? 
  all of them have a bad track record or no track record at all . 
  i 'll be damned if i 'm going to vote for a party that has no experience governing a nation . 
  it may not be the most democratic way of doing things ( political parties fly in the face of pure democracy anyway ) , but if you think i 'd trust anybody from sinn f\u00e9in or the united left alliance ( or whatever they 're calling themselves days ) with holding the reigns of the nation , you 're grossly mistaken . 
  and while the established parties may fuck up , at least they have a track record that i can use to make an informed decision on whether i should vote for them . 
   what happens if fine gael get another 5 year term and all the experienced lads in fianna fail retire ? 
  would we not be as well off reverting to single party rule altogether by your criteria ? 
  i never claimed my system was perfect ( i even admitted that it 's rather undemocratic ) , but it 's my current justification for not touching sinn f\u00e9in or any of the fringe parties with a ten foot barge poll . 
  while we have experience in the system , it should be utilised and if possible that knowledge should be passed on to the next generation . 
  that aside , there 's not a single person in the `` radical left '' that i 'd trust in government anyway , and sinn f\u00e9in 's economic policies make no sense at the best of times . 
   it 's a poor justification , the only one that should be needed is the merit of their policy . 
  that goes for any party . 
  well personally i 've always said that the policy of sinn f\u00e9in and the fringe parties has largely been fantasy . 
  while this is moreso a trait of almost any party in opposition at any time , those two groups have some particularly unrealistic policy areas . 
  what they say sounds good in soundbites , sure - very populist . 
  people lap it up . 
  but it rarely holds up to scrutiny . 
  however , i think some of their fantasy policies actually stem from a lack of experience with the realities of being in government and making legislation . 
  so in a way , it comes back to experience . 
  were n't unsc carriers bigger than the marathon class cruisers too ? 
  but i could retain the status quo by just looking at the policies too . 
  i 'm not even fg person , and in terms of both policy and experience nobody is up to the task of replacing them in government at the moment . 
  personally i think experience is important . 
  maybe not as important as policy areas , but to overlook it would be very unwise . 
  is that canon though ? 
  i thought that was just to balance gameplay . 
  we never actually see the shields in action in cutscenes . 
  well said . 
   it looks way beefier than the last time we saw spi armor on the ghosts of onyx cover . 
  artistic licence i imagine . 
  i would n't hold the cover of ghosts of onyx as being hard canon . 
  it 's fred . 
  to be fair , they 're rarely mentioned . 
  unsuited . 
  for . 
  purpose . 
  do i really need to spell it out for you ? 
  if malta ca n't use it for the intended purpose , it 's only going to cost them money in maintenance and docking fees . 
  if you 're ignorant of the matters being discussed , please do n't contribute . 
   we do n't need war ships , our fleet is perfectly adequate for its task . 
  actually we have nowhere near enough ships to patrol our territorial waters as required by eu law for fisheries and international crime prevention purposes . 
  please do n't make factually inaccurate statements in the future . 
  what particulars would you like ? 
  the ship lacked the ability to launch small boats from its stern - that 's pretty much essential in intercepting immigrant vessels and escorting the immigrants to safety . 
   how about the 1798 uprising ? 
  what about it ? 
  it 's recognized as a failure . 
  people related to it may be celebrated , but it was a military failure from which no pride can be derived in that regard . 
  trying to be smart now , are we ? 
  that 's got nothing to do with the * shape * of the ship ( i.e. 
  its condition ) . 
  you 're inquiring about the specifications of equipment , which are readily available online , so do n't waste my time . 
  why are veterans groups so touchy about it in argentina then ? 
  they seem to hold a lot of sway in the country . 
   but ill hold out hope that the spartan iiis wont be handicapped by spi . 
  not me that downvoted you , but it 's a given that iiis would be inferior to iis in spi . 
  that 's just an unavoidable fact . 
  religion had very little to do with the northern ireland conflict in reality . 
  interesting - i was n't aware of how * exactly * the veterans had been received after the war . 
  how they were treated reminds me a lot of how irish ww1 and ww2 vets who fought for the uk were treated when they returned home . 
  only now are they being recognised . 
  sorry about that . 
  call it reactionary , but there are plenty on this subreddit that could have said what you did while being perfectly serious . 
  fair enough . 
  i consider it very out of place though . 
  were people in ireland unhappy with the results of the uk election ? 
   the spartan-iv program makes use of mjolnir gen2 , which boosts their ** somewhat lackluster augments ** up to the level of a spartan-ii, 
  i used to think this too , but / r/halostory has been beating it into me for almost a year now that the iv augmentations were almost as extensive as the ii augmentations . 
  which is it ?
