  but the laptop i use for practically everything , so i need an os i 'm comfortable with and does what i want it to do . 
  laptop is 6 years old and starting to develop some issues that make use of it awkward ; battery life is 10 minutes , ca n't smoothly run videos above 720p , the fan is running constantly , the camera is very poor quality and i need to make video calls occasionally for work , it has issues switching between tabs in browsers when a large number of tabs are open , and the display keeps shutting down if left idle for a while ( only way to get it back is ctrl + alt + delete ) . 
  that said , she has never let me down and i love it to bits , but the minor issues are mounting . 
  be prepared for a ridiculously convoluted application process . 
  i applied one year while i was at college . 
  no idea how far i got in terms of my candidacy because i found a different job while i was waiting . 
  i mean , i can sorta of see where he 's coming from . 
  yet at the same time , i think he 's gone too far down the rabbit hole ... 
   but the marketing is sooo much like halo . 
  yes , and many halo fans such as myself got a rude awakening when we actually bought halo 5 after such an awesome promotional campaign . 
  that said , having never actually played a doom game before , i 'm seriously interested in this . 
  might serve as a replacement for halo for me . 
  that interview with myers was incredibly cringeworthy . 
  he is the literal definition of a west brit . 
  i liked the documentary other than that though . 
   never played doom before ?!? 
  nah , halo has been my go-to arena-esque fps since i got into gaming . 
  for me it is n't an issue of age - it was the lack of a usable internet connection . 
  i grew up in rural ireland in the 90 's . 
  i guess you 're not into the campaign or lore ? 
  also , the multiplayer does n't feel like halo to me . 
  the multiplayer just does n't feel like halo to me , and that 's the crux of the issue . 
  i just ca n't get into my groove like i normally would with any other halo game . 
  it just feels too * different * . 
  hey , i remember that robot !, 
  i ca n't remember his name or the show that he was from , but i remember it being weird . 
  you 're not wrong . 
  the russians have a potent submarine fleet , but their surface fleet is * largely * archaic . 
  well , cruisers are n't really popular any more since their roles are being filled by increasingly bigger and multi-role destroyers . 
  pity the russians can only field 1 of the 4 kirovs at a time . 
  despite your almost incessant attempts to convince us otherwise . 
  i 'm pretty sure the savage eye made a very similar joke once , but funny nonetheless . 
  a modernisation program that is stalling due to sanctions and the collapse of oil prices . 
  second largest navy in terms of ships , sure . 
  but when your aircraft carrier has to be accompanied by a tug boat at all times because it breaks down so often , you have to wonder ... 
  in relation to what exactly ? 
  in relation to the subs in particular though , i 'm pretty sure there wo n't be much of a net gain ( if any ) in the number of subs that the russians possess due to the rate at which they 're retiring the old nuclear-powered ones . 
  while the lider class is likely to see production given the importance of destroyers in modern navies , it would be wise to take russian naval expansion plans with a pinch of salt . 
  the lider class forms part of rather fanciful and idealistic expansion plans the navy . 
  elements of these plans include establishing a blue-water navy with up to 6 aircraft carriers . 
  the russians do n't even have a naval yard capable of constructing a carrier any more !, 
  people want their political representatives to * represent * them . 
  and a big part of that is the politician having similar beliefs to those of the people who elect him/her . 
  evidently there must be people who share mullen 's beliefs - not everybody is socially left wing . 
  why do you find this so hard to understand ? 
   it represents the views of 8000 of them who could be arsed to register and vote in the seanad constituency . 
  well maybe the others should get off their arses and vote for somebody else then . 
  otherwise there 's no point to op 's question . 
   lets make it 20,000, 
  this is n't facebook or / r/sandersforpresident , so do n't bother using that kind of language . 
  also , why is there a picture of a child in the thumbnail ? 
   im sure you 're well aware of the amount of children available for adoption as well as the children world wide who are starving or dying from preventable disease . 
  i 'm sure that was at the forefront of that lady 's mind at the time . 
   a young , distraught woman who needs support and not judgment . 
  why not both ? 
  you do n't have to be religious to oppose abortion . 
  why not both ? 
   if a foetus is a baby , why ca n't you collect children 's benefit or claim taxes ? 
  that is the most idiotic pro-abortion argument i 've ever heard . 
  and i 've heard a lot in my time . 
   amazing what you can learn when you click the link . 
  i wish i had that bot that summarises links for me right about now . 
  true . 
  but it still does n't justify making sweeping assumptions . 
  do n't be so uptight . 
  i have many of them . 
  put you 're not getting any as that would only decrease their value . 
  feels like / r/sandersforpresident in here . 
  do you guys really want to make this subreddit political ? 
  ** edit : ** did i piss off bernie supporters or what exactly is the issue with my observation ? 
  help me out here . 
  i 'm not sure i follow your train of thought . 
  no need for that . 
  i just fail to see what keeping this subreddit apolitical has to do with political apathy . 
  i would n't consider tim to be a straightforward villain in me2 . 
  his goals are fully justifiable , even if some of the methods he uses to pursue them are unethical . 
  like many things , me3 handled tim 's character rather poorly . 
  no , i 'm saying / r/masseffect is n't a place for political discussion or campaigning . 
  i fail to see how it was a political cheap shot . 
  when i made that post the thread was full of people mocking trump . 
  in my limited experience with / r/sanderforpresident , they sure do a lot of that over there . 
  i maintain that the comparison was valid . 
  but / r/masseffect is not a place for political discussion . 
  what part of that do n't * you * understand ? 
  i 'm not even american . 
  they 're opposed to abortion - why is such behaviour surprising ? 
  i 've no vested interest in having a discussion of american politics - especially not in / r/masseffect, 
  all i did was make an observation in a thread that was already full of comments far more political than the one i made . 
   do they just do it to pat themselves on the back at the day for doing what they think is a hard days work ? 
  yes . 
  their fight and struggle is eternal . 
  the real heroes of our time . 
  this is n't america - that bullshit wo n't fly here . 
  people do n't like having their own genuine problems being belittled though . 
  these sort of marches give off the vibe that problems of straight white middle class males do n't matter . 
  which is not true and it 's therefore natural for people to react negatively to this sort of `` degrees of privilege '' bullshit . 
   the only people who feel that are people who deny their privilege . 
  but why should people be obliged to acknowledge it ? 
  who gives others the right to force an obligation on people to admit to something that they do n't even believe in ? 
   privilege is a societal phenomenon,
