  my money is still on halsey . 
  she has the motive and the means . 
  that said , if you ignore the distortion , the way she speaks does n't sound like the manner in which halsey talks in the games . 
  yes , but halsey has repeatedly proven that she does n't care too much for her reputation . 
  also , being in the * care * of jul , she is hardly going to be dragged to court to answer for her crimes any time soon . 
   and even then she desires to have chaos erupt from the revelations about the spartan program . 
  if she knows about the imminent threat from outer space , why would she want to create chaos in one of the only organisations that has a chance at defending humanity ? 
   she thought they would only be kidnapped . 
  i somehow doubt the veracity of that . 
  she would have been very naive to assume that halsey would n't cover her tracks . 
  hell , i 'm sure oni would want those tracks covered too . 
  most likely . 
  kinda wish i had heard this before reading the kilo 5 trilogy now though . 
  makes sentzke a lot more sympathetic amongst other things . 
  who the hell thought using the sound of a boar/hog snorting would be a good marketing tool with which to sell a vehicle ?!, 
  ( even if it is called the hog ), 
  i 'd call it more machiavellian - for her the ends justify the means . 
  she always has a goal and will do anything to achieve that goal . 
  yep , one of the reasons i 've always maintained that halsey is a very interesting character . 
  while i will admit that halsey 's actions were n't exactly noble in that situation , i think it 's worth remembering that she was n't the only one that had accepted that humanity was beat . 
  once reach fell , the unsc and oni knew that it was only a matter of time before earth was found and glassed . 
  after that , optimistic estimates gave humanity less than a year until extinction . 
  halsey realised her end was approaching , and like a person on their deathbed , she wished to repent for her crimes . 
  the manner with which she went about this was selfish and short-sighted , but to judge her on this lapse in judgement brought about by the prospect of not only her own demise , but her failure to save humanity , would be unfair . 
  two things : 1 . 
  we do n't know how truthful she was being when she told jul that she wanted revenge . 
  it may just have been a means of giving her leverage . 
  if she does want revenge , why would she go about it in a way that endangers humanity ? 
  halsey is n't military . 
  she 's little more than a civilian scientist . 
  while her research may have been invaluable to the unsc and oni during the war , what she realistically could have contributed during humanity 's last stand would be minimal . 
  in addition , oni had kept the fact that she survived reach at all top secret . 
  had she stayed behind , i doubt she would have been granted too much operational freedom anyway . 
  and as i said , judging halsey solely on one lapse of judgement is unfair . 
  would you like if you were judged solely on one of your lowest moments ? 
  unlikely . 
  he has every reason to lie low considering oni thinks he 's dead . 
  also , he would n't want to jeopardize how he left things with naomi . 
  she can if she carefully instructs ben on how to reveal that humanity is about to die . 
  she could provide him with some very convincing evidence and then coordinate what steps should be taken from there to ensure he does n't end up carted off to the midnight facility , never to be seen again . 
  halsey has had more experience with oni than almost any civilian in existence - she will know how to pull their strings and avoid their traps . 
  also , naomi ? 
  what motive or means would she have to do such a thing ? 
  i wo n't deny that , but i stand by what i 've said so far . 
  as true as all that may be , she ai n't exactly going to be fighting in any wars . 
  wow , she has a surprisingly shallow draft . 
  that or she 's gon na sit very low in the water . 
  nah , just not as conservative as you might expect for a rural area . 
  north tipp is traditionally seen as more conservative . 
   bunch of outdated catholic homophobes . 
  you one of them ? 
   if you simply do n't know or do n't care , you should n't be voting either way ... 
  that 's what i 've been trying to tell / r/ireland for months now !, 
  yeah , those poor homophobes . 
  think we 'll get to have a referendum on giving them equal rights to adopt the surrogate gays or something ? 
  the planet of feros from mass effect was the first thing that sprung to mind . 
  but unless the thorian is planning on going head to head with a gravemind , i ca n't see that really being relevant . 
  why would such a question be asked in health class ? 
  also , the only right answer is `` never '' . 
  unlikely . 
  just the / r/ireland hivemind at work again . 
  i thought donegal was always the most conservative county , closely followed by kerry ? 
  lifting is good for your health - wearing make-up is not . 
  the difference with the divorce referendum was that back then you were n't running the risk of becoming a social pariah if you said you were voting against it . 
  but that 's exactly what loads of yes people have been doing for months now . 
  the constant accusations that no voters are closet homosexuals really does n't help the debate at all . 
  i know , i 'm the real victim here . 
  i wonder if i can get some sort of government assistance grant for my troubles ? 
   i would vote yes but i think the yes campaign comes across as a little bit smug and holier than thou ( irony , right ) and that anyone who has an objection is immediately a homophobe , in the closet or too stupid to understand whats going on . 
  that 's how you lose a campaign . 
  could n't have said it better myself . 
  i have always been on the fence since day 1 regarding this referendum to the point where i 'm not intending to vote at all , but any hope of me leaning towards the yes side was wiped out by their attitude towards to opposition ( especially on social media ) . 
  as is the / r/ireland code . 
   rural ireland thinks it 's okay to marry your cousin, 
  i thought that was only a traveller thing ? 
  yep . 
  the department of foreign affairs bending over backwards for the family and the amount of media attention they are getting for their `` plight '' sickens me . 
  they knew exactly what they were doing when they went to egypt at that particular time . 
  they should count themselves lucky worse did n't happen to them . 
  what do you mean ? 
   would you not consider that it 's pretty poor form to vote against equality for a group of people , people with real lives who 've generally experienced pretty shitty discrimination here, 
  maybe it 's because i do n't have any particular interest in marriage to begin with , but the distinction between civil unions and marriage is n't distinct enough for me to really care to the point where i 'd be convinced to vote either way . 
  sure , there * are * differences , but in reality it 's primarily just the difference in naming that 's bothering most people , which seems quite trivial to me . 
  once again , animal rights activists demonstrating that they have no fucking clue what they 're doing . 
  and are people glossing over the fact that they committed a crime and should be arrested ? 
  as i said , i was on the fence in first place . 
  both sides have beliefs and committed actions that have deterred me from siding with them . 
  i 've just decided to remain impartial . 
  i genuinely do n't care what the result is . 
  then just strengthen the civil union 's legal status . 
  from my understanding of constitutional law , that would never have required a referendum and would have saved a lot of time & money . 
  not idea why you 're getting downvoted . 
  patriotism ? 
  i read somewhere that a legal duality could be created where family rights could be afforded to civil unions via legislation without defining them as a `` family '' as per the constitution , hence my assertion that it was primarily the naming issue that was the source of contention . 
   increased rights can be afforded through legislation , however they would be subject to political whims, 
  what government would be insane enough to overturn gay rights ? 
  irish here - been there , done that . 
  now we 're on very good terms with the british ( although they * did * largely admit to their crimes against the irish people to be fair ) . 
   fuck us , right ? 
  most definitely not .
