  dude , i 'm not defending him . 
  i barely knew the guy . 
  i was just attempting to understand why you disliked him . 
   this person decided that the plounge was n't good enough for him, 
  i thought he left because of personal reasons ? 
  if you read my comments , i actually have n't . 
  the reactions in this post intrigued me because i barely know the guy yet he has split opinion in this thread quite drastically . 
  why are you so aggressive ? 
   i say it like that but with the point that we 're on the internet , genders do n't matter . 
  precisely . 
  a lot of people interpret it as girls are n't * allowed * or welcome on the internet , which is incorrect . 
  are you new here ? 
  well i 'm not seeing what you hope to achieve by saying `` i do n't find this funny '' in the comments . 
  i could go and do the same in every post over at / r/funny and it still would n't achieve anything . 
  or , y' know , he 's had really shitty luck with women . 
  it can happen . 
  i 've never been able to figure out how to set up a boosting session on that site . 
  i am now more unnerved about leaving my bmw in public areas . 
  great ... 
  well , that 's one of the reasons so many celebrities enjoy private getaways in ireland . 
  he is literally a dragon , but not a dragon-type pokemon . 
  that takes some work !, 
  i dunno - nudists are rarely the attractive people the average bystander desires them to be . 
  i do n't even like our flag that much . 
  we should have gone with the gold harp on a green background . 
  a tricolour is already rather generic in europe , and then the ivory coast had to go and have virtually no originality when they got independence . 
  / a / : why pursue something you 're doomed to fail at ? 
  / b / : i 'm going to continually make a fool of myself in public . 
  look , i do n't usually give a fuck about all this stuff , but from a logical perspective , / a / 's lack of interest in real girls makes sense given the position in life of your average / a/non . 
  as somebody said to me once : both are brilliant games , but new vegas is a better * fallout * game . 
  fallout 3 crashed a couple of times for me on the 360 too . 
  also , the walking animation in certain outfits can get really juddery . 
  and a couple of missions can * occasionally * have bugs in them , but there 's always a work-around . 
  all in all though , in 80 hours of gameplay , this was mostly very minor stuff . 
  why is that do you know ? 
  because they tend to work pretty well on the 360 . 
  op , just a word of advice : if you 're playing through fallout 3 and find yourself enjoying it , download the broken steel dlc pack before you launch the last mission . 
  you wo n't regret it - i guarantee that . 
  further to what / u/notoriousdkg said , it also adds new missions which i found very enjoyable and sometimes quite challenging ( in a good way ) . 
  any social media reactions from the brits like when the gaa was first shown on sky sports ? 
  the only other match i 'd consider to be on par with it would be the final a few years ago where tipp actually managed to beat kilkenny . 
  depends where you come from . 
  my country is still fairly conservative when it comes to porn , especially amongst women . 
  yeah , depending on the person asking anon to get up on stage , there 's a good chance that would n't work . 
   tfw i 've had literally that exact situation happen to me . 
  i was literally dragged on stage and shaken until my various flailing limbs gave a pathetic impression of dancing . 
  because downvoting for that reason would achieve what exactly ? 
  that 's a lot of anime ... 
  who cares ? 
  on the internet , your gender rarely matters . 
  i know - sure / a / is one of the boards i visit the most . 
  that said , i did n't expect such a degree of domination by anime in the banners . 
  and ? 
  you do know what type of site 4chan was originally based on , right ? 
   there 's tons of stupid ass internet media consumers who do . 
  as you said , these people are stupid , and therefore their opinions do n't matter to anybody except the streamer . 
  well , i sure hope the feel you felt was n't surprise in that case . 
   this is n't vietnam, 
  yeah , this is the internet . 
   tfw liberty moon is so big it affects the tides on earth , destroying the usa amongst other countries . 
  if i learn that a girl uses tumblr , it immediately sets off alarm bells in my head - which is a shame , because there are a lot of perfectly normal people that use tumblr . 
  but hey , i 'd probably get a similar reaction from a lot of people these days if they found out i use 4chan . 
  when i was at college , i once earned the hatred of the entire feminist society for a couple of weeks . 
  one day they were protesting loudly outside the doors of one of the main campus buildings about something or other . 
  members of their group were accosting people as they tried to enter or leave the building , and two or three of them were recording it all on camera ( i think for some documentary they were making ) . 
  frankly , they were just being a nuisance . 
  anyway , i had to get past them to go to a lecture . 
  as i walked by , one of the girls from the group approached me with a clipboard and said something along the lines of `` do you support the sexist patriarchy that 's making this campus an unsafe place for women ? 
  if not , sign this petition blah blah blah '' . 
  i initially shook my head and tried to walk around her . 
  but she refused to let me pass . 
  so i quickly just turned to her and said `` i do n't buy into that patriarchy bullshit . 
  sorry '' and pushed past her . 
  i never saw her reaction , but two days later a friend linked me via facebook to the page of the feminist society . 
  a video documenting their recent campaign had been posted , in which i featured as an example with a couple of others under a section where they decried the sexist attitudes prevalent in our college . 
  frankly i found it hilarious , even though i 'm normally somebody who hates being on camera or even having my photo taken . 
  suffice to say , i received quite a few hateful messages via facebook over the next week or two . 
  brace yourself for downvotes and possibly angry pms . 
  you do realise it was n't op that used the japanese in that conversation ? 
  he just inserted it for what his friend said . 
  still retarded , but there 's a difference . 
  for free on the xbone ? 
  how ? 
  thanks . 
  is there a time limit between when you buy it for the 360 and download it for the xbone ? 
  thanks . 
  the linked article was a bit vague on that detail . 
  i always found that scene odd given what mayuri says and how kurisu reacts . 
  neither of them are particularly flat chested . 
  i know that , but the way mayuri says it implies that she is including herself in that statement . 
  and even then , kurisu 's reaction makes no sense . 
  kurisu is n't even looking at ruka at the time , and her reaction is rather guarded . 
  9 has been shown to get the same headaches as 5 , although he does appear to be a bit older than 12 , so it might make sense in that regard . 
  i guess some people take thermite * really * seriously . 
  well those sort of people are the true cancer of 4chan . 
  sweden ... why ? 
  you were the chosen one . 
  huh , you could have easily convinced me that he was already dead . 
  call me what you want , but i 'm not sure if i 'm a fan of this move towards defining the entirety of a person 's worth based on their views on lgbt topics alone . 
  especially if that person was raised in a time when there was n't a lot of social or sexual freedom .
