  i will concede however that the likes of facebook are sorta different since real identities are on display and it has almost become an extension of real life for a lot of people . 
  not exactly countering his argument particularly well there . 
  ireland loves circlejerking about drug legalisation and that 's a veritable fact . 
   if you threaten someone 's safety , you should pay the consequences whatever the forum . 
  the internet was a lot more fun before oversensitive people like yourself became a part of it . 
  anonymity is vital for so many elements of online activity , yet you want to strip that away because you do n't want people saying mean things to you on the internet ? 
   actually , yes . 
  you have far more faith in the government when it comes to technology than i. 
   right . 
  it 's only been the standard for verbal threats or threats by letter for the last twenty years , like . 
  to receive a letter , a person has to know where you live . 
  that makes the threat a lot more real . 
  you should be arrested for making such a balls of that greentext . 
  you 're right though . 
  i 'll admit that i personally do n't have an alternate solution , but that does n't rob me of the ability to recognize that the current solution is heavily flawed . 
   the internet is not your personal playground . 
  people lose the right to be anonymous when their purpose is to cause harassment and harm to others . 
  nor is the internet your `` safe space '' . 
   i have a lot more faith that a judge would have the plain cop-on to understand that a threat is hardly very believable if the person making it does n't know who the person they 're threatening is or where to find them . 
  could it not be argued that said information is often possible to determine if the culprit is determined and skilled enough ? 
  does that not render the distinction moot ? 
   to make a threat an actual threat , a person has to know where you live . 
  or where you work . 
  or where you like to drink . 
  or who you hang around with . 
  or basically anywhere that they might find you . 
  the sort of stuff they could easily find on facebook , for example . 
  or , in this particular case , their public profile . 
  live your life in fear of internet threats and have the government legislate to make the internet another `` safe space '' . 
  fortunately there will always be parts of the internet beyond the government 's reach in that regard . 
  it 's a buzz word alright , but it accurately describes what many people want to transform the internet into . 
  so yeah , maybe actually focus on what i 'm saying rather than how i say it . 
  that 's certainly not the case where i live . 
   the first is a waste of everyone 's time , but you can do it . 
  that 's a bad analogy . 
  are you suggesting that every time there 's a problem , we should go with the quickest most easily-available solution ( regardless of how unsuitable and detrimental it might be ) instead of spending some time and developing a better solution that had n't been previously considered ? 
   postponement is n't a solution, 
  but violence and intimidation is ? 
  do n't you get it ? 
  irish water is connected to * everything !, 
  * they 're the irish illuminati . 
  attempted assault ? 
   that 's a pretty sexist article, 
  sorry i 'm not out hassling garda\u00ed and being a public nuisance in the name of a `` fairer society '' . 
  myself and my aching spine have things to do, 
   are you aware that inequality invariably creates crime ? 
  nah , people being wankers creates crime . 
  not everybody on the receiving end of inequality is a criminal . 
  you 're just making excuses . 
   is austerity just a word to you ? 
  like all words , yes . 
  i fail to see how getting an education ( despite the fact that i already have a comprehensive one ) would allow me to better understand your impotent outrage . 
  it was a joke ... 
  i think telling somebody who is clearly lacking a grip on reality to `` get a grip '' is a perfectly acceptable course of action . 
  basically i do n't want the internet to become a a cotton wool-walled sanitarium where people 's feelings are given priority over all else . 
  `` safe spaces '' are just environments where everybody is forced to conform to a certain mindset under the pretense of `` making everybody feel welcome '' . 
  if reddit completes its transition to being a `` safe space '' they might as well just rename the place tumblr 2.0 and be done with it - the site wo n't be half as interesting or engaging as it once was . 
   i 'd like to think that people should be able to feel safe online . 
  the problem is , the definition of `` safe '' varies * hugely * from person to person . 
  rolling out the big words now , are we ? 
  nothing i 've said so far has been irrational , boyo . 
  i 'm a lovely person . 
  maybe you 're the one with a skewed perspective . 
   not picking the best one because it 's not ideal is stupid - either pick it , or mention which other solution would be better . 
  it 's not that the current solution is n't ideal , it 's riddled with detrimental flaws . 
   i still do n't see what would be lost from reddit or most other sites if people were n't giving each other abuse . 
  name calling is just annoying and stops decent discussion . 
  it would destroy a site like 4chan for example , and would play havoc with certain communities on reddit . 
   will they be coddled and told `` beauty at every size '', 
  on reddit they will at least . 
  damn you , chairman pao !, 
   also there is more to 4chan than just rampantly abusing people and posting offensive material . 
  well yeah , that 's why i 'd be disappointed if were detrimentally affected by some heavy handed `` online abuse '' legislation . 
   and this woman was allowed to speak on a bill that is a stepping stone to blanket online censorship, 
  people here crucified me when i suggested this yesterday , but you 're 100 % correct . 
  when are they gon na start winning all irelands again ? 
  i 'd prefer that we wait for a better solution to be found rather than use a detrimental one in the meantime . 
  it 's not a matter of life or death . 
  i wish i could be as cool as you ... 
   the olympics is evil corporate crap anyway, 
  i thought that was fifa ? 
  at this stage i 'm solely paying my licence fee for rt\u00c9 news , crimecall , and what 's left of the gaa coverage . 
  we 're like a speakeasy during prohibition . 
  wow , you people will upvote literally * anything * in relation to drug legalisation ... 
   i might be wrong but i find it infuriating when people are against progression . 
  it might be news to you , but `` progression '' is subjective . 
   its true , giving a young chap a criminal conviction which will effect him the rest of his life just because he wanted to smoke a few joints is the epitome of a moral dark age . 
  that 's an incredibly subjective statement . 
  i fail to see how morality and drugs are linked . 
  watch / r/ireland become possibly even * more * insufferable than it was during the marriage equality debate . 
  fun fun fun !, 
   lsd and mdma should 100 % be legalized or at least decriminalized . 
  according to who ? 
   when these drugs are regulated things like that poor girl dying in dublin will never happen . 
  how would regulation prevent her from being irresponsible ? 
  both parties are populist , but unlike ff , sf currently have a chance of getting into power . 
  do n't be salty , america . 
  that 's retarded , law-breaking logic . 
  offer them money if they 'll take sf off our hands, 
  i do n't understand why this comment is being downvoted ...
