  and ? 
  the fast majority of industrial products can have many uses , both good and bad . 
  how successful do you think irish peacekeeping missions would be if the army was n't adequately armed ? 
  magnificent counterpoint , * as always * . 
  true , but it does have a nice ring to it as a word . 
   male privilege is a thing, 
  oh boy , here we go ... 
   that blow up children and goat farmers in the middle east, 
  is that all modern warfare is to you ? 
  if i wanted to be guaranteed a reaction , i would say far more outlandish stuff . 
  just because you do n't agree with an opinion does n't mean those that hold that opinion are stupid . 
  that 's a child 's reaction . 
  consider maturing a little . 
  so all conservatives are stupid ? 
  implying he would any different when in power . 
  well that 's all well and good , but are there any viable alternatives ? 
  no it would n't . 
  christ almighty ... 
  who do you think actually stands a realistic chance of ousting fg from power ? 
  fg actually have a pretty good chance of holding onto power and nobody in the party is gon na challenge enda . 
   they could easily end up being the largest party but left out in the cold because another coalition forms instead without them . 
  and lasts a few months at best . 
  nobody disputed him directly , but look at the other comments here ,, 
  i sit here as a regular and long-time user of this sub who contributes on a wide variety of issues and discussions , yet just because people disagree with my opinions , i 'm considered a troll . 
  if that 's how you deal with dissenting opinions , well - you 're not exactly the pinnacle of maturity , are you ? 
  / r/ireland sure is a welcoming place ... 
   it 'd be long enough for varadkar to launch a leadership challenge and oust enda . 
  i do n't think leo yet has anywhere near the required support within the fg party to challenge enda . 
  you must live a very sheltered life . 
  does n't have the required support amongst party members * yet * . 
  they 're not mutually exclusive . 
  eh , i did n't even vote fg in the last election . 
  i 'm just being realistic here . 
  you did n't provide any evidence at all . 
  all you did was link to some comments i 'd made that you ( and the majority of / r/ireland maybe ) disagreed with and went `` hurr durr durr , he 's a troll lads ! '' . 
  evidence is n't evidence just because you say it is . 
  why should i sign this ? 
  and probably his horse . 
  i see no racism in this comments section at all . 
  are you sure you do n't need glasses ? 
  / r/ireland loves slacktism bandwagons , do n't you know ? 
  but there are plenty of wealthy travellers . 
   so i do n't think it likes or dislikes anything with one voice . 
  the subreddit does tend to have a very strong consensus on many issues though . 
   also , complaints about slacktivism are as common as proponents of it . 
  yeah , but at least the people complaining about it are n't claiming to have done something about an issue even though they 've actually done nothing . 
  yep , and that one has been becoming a lot more prevalent recently . 
  like bare knuckle fist fights and thievery ? 
   you 'd get your teeth knocked out . 
  by who ? 
  in the town i grew up in , the only people i had to be fearful of knocking out my teeth were the members of the large local traveller community . 
  there 's a reason he gets re-elected without fail . 
  there consternation about that photo was so stupid . 
  er , what gives you the right to say what content is and is n't welcome in this subreddit ? 
  well that 's because there is no incentive to learn it other than the personal interest of the individual . 
  yeah , but if that 's a case they should n't be surprised when people refuse to pay for it . 
  life would be very boring if i could n't access the media i wanted to consume simply because it was n't available in my country . 
  we 're not telling them to do anything . 
  we 're just telling them what will happen if they do n't do * something * . 
  they 're unenforceable on anything but a small scale though . 
  it 's not about rights . 
  it 's about if something is freely available on the internet , why would people pay for it when the paid alternative is inferior ? 
  halo 4 and reach had the perfect shotgun range in my opinion ( not that i really liked the halo 4 shotgun though ) . 
  halo 1 had too much range , ~ ~ halo 2 had a bit too much range , ~ ~ whereas halo 2 and 3 did n't have enough range . 
  wait , sorry - remembered incorrectly . 
  yeah , halo 2 's shotty range was as bad as that of halo 3 . 
  people having * notions * about `` hope '' again , eh ? 
  ` tis far from hope they were raised . 
  i thought most irish teachers were young women these days ? 
  well if you go down that route , you 're making our abortion debate into a sovereignty issue . 
  well that 's why plenty of people like myself appose abortion on demand but would have little to no problem with it being legalised in cases of rape or genuine danger to the mother 's life . 
  so to oppose something you * have * to be taking extreme measures to stand against it ? 
   tv3 are less censored by the government, 
  not that i believe that for a second , but tv3 is shite regardless . 
  who is he talking about ? 
  fuck , i would have paid almost double the price tag ( had there been a few more maps that is ) . 
  when i was playing it on xbox 360 about 6 months ago , there was a good balance between the two gametypes . 
   well maybe not you, 
  wait , what ? 
  do i have a reputation around here as an accomplice to murder ? 
  to be fair , france raises a good point . 
   maybe the irish government will buy that danish support ship they 've been interested in . 
  which once is that ? 
   we have one of the best in the world, 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
   we have 8 ships mate, 
  8 ships , many of which are old and obsolete . 
  have n't made my mind up on that issue . 
  while i appreciate that suicide is a very serious issue and should be treated as such , mental illness can be faked far easier than physical illness . 
  are the danish selling their own or building new ones ? 
  the difference is , unlike in other modern navies where 35 year old ships would have seen extensive modernisation programs , our naval vessels do n't benefit from such overhauls . 
  also , all of our ships are off-shore patrol vessels or corvettes , which are among the smallest classes of naval vessel and lack the all important helipad . 
   naval service , army, 
  what criteria are you bases these additions to the list on ? 
   ireland has one of the best of pretty much everything . 
  are you some sort of alternate universe troll ? 
  y' know i use the exact same excuse around here , and people still accuse me of being a troll . 
  so excuse me if i have some ingrained skepticism regarding that claim of your 's . 
  only a matter of time before an angry pro-choice person turned up to berate me for my opinion on the issue . 
  i imagine this will become a common occurrence over the coming months and years .
