  but the figures for these kind of cases have increased ( i 'd dig them up , but i 'm on mobile in a waiting room at the moment ) , but moreso than that the attitude that one can sue for any little thing has worked its way into irish society . 
  now as you said , there 's no chance that it will ever reach american or even british levels due to the structure of our legal system in this regard , but this is n't an isolated case . 
  a woman gets 10k + for being hassled by a bus driver ? 
  that sort of thing would never have got to court in the 1990 's . 
  but there seems to be a growing entitlement amongst irish people to money for any perceived slight from somebody in authority , which is something america has in spades . 
  that 's all i 'm saying . 
   for someone in a `` law related '' job , i am puzzled that you would criticise someone defending their entitlement . 
  am i not allowed to have opinions beyond my professional capacity ? 
   if i were to guess , i would say you may be an adjuster or something similar , which would explain a few things . 
  i work in a legal department for a multinational company . 
  i 'm less than 5 years out of college , so i 'm still in a relatively junior position so i get assigned a lot of research-based work . 
  which is why i came across the figures i mentioned earlier . 
   she was publicly humiliated, 
  and ? 
  it was n't extreme humiliation by any stretch of the imagination . 
   if she had just accepted their offer and '' go about their day '' this bus driver would most likely be doing the same thing next week . 
  by all means complain , but taking the issue to court is a step too far in my opinion . 
  one of the supposed consequences of a brexit that i 've seen thrown about is that border controls would be re-installed between the republic and the north . 
  but do we not already have a free movement of people and goods agreement with the uk that exists separate to eu legislation ? 
   implying, 
  it 's shit . 
  from what i 've read it will be largely bad , but there will be silver linings . 
  multinationals moving from london to dublin for one thing would be a big plus , but i doubt it would offset the net negatives that a brexit would incur for ireland . 
  there 's a name for it , and it 's somewhere in my head , but i ca n't extract it . 
  the river is everywhere in cork . 
  so i 'm assuming that if the uk were to leave the eu the common travel area would remain in place ? 
  is it actually tied to eu law at all ? 
  it seems like something that would be important to retain for the northern ireland situation for one thing . 
   would we not have free trade with britain anyway ? 
  possible , but not a guarantee . 
  even if free trade agreements were put in place after a brexit , i struggle to imagine them being as liberal as what we currently have in place . 
  but that 's just speculation . 
  on top of that , a british withdrawal would have deep implications for irish business , agriculture , social policy , financial services , trade and energy . 
  it would also have an impact on the northern ireland situation and the way in which crime and terrorism are currently jointly dealt with . 
  but as i read in a recent article , possibly the greatest damage of a uk exit would be to the close relationship built up between dublin and london , especially in the financial and services sector . 
  irish-british relations would revert to a damaging bilateralism based more on power relations than interdependence . 
  i 've watched the video , but i still do n't understand why pepe was on that screen . 
  is he planning on forming a coalition with nigel ? 
  / r9k / has infiltrated the bbc !, 
  sure the government pretty much ignored most of the constitutional convention 's proposals/reports . 
  the convention produced nine reports ; four of these have yet to be debated in the oireachtas ( over a year after the convention completed its work ) . 
  of the five that were responded to in the d\u00e1il , this was generally in the form of a ministerial statement ( sometimes made by a junior minister ) during the final hour or so of a d\u00e1il session just before a recess , when many members had already left for their constituencies . 
  the government previously lauded the importance of the constitutional convention , but they certainly are n't reflecting that sentiment in their actions . 
  the presidential candidate age proposal would be seen as a easy target for the government to work on in order to give the impression that the constitutional convention was n't a waste of time and money . 
  if i 'm honest , i 'd completely forgotten it was one of the 3 proposals being voted on . 
  and i 'd consider myself relatively well tuned-in to current events . 
  that article is seriously cancerous . 
  when did that happen ? 
  fuck , no idea how i missed that . 
  exactly . 
  one of the main reasons we as a fanbase are left alone by sjws is because we 're not mainstream . 
  if that day ever comes , we 're fucked . 
  what also helps of course is that japan does n't have a big sjw scene , nor would any heed be likely paid to them even if there was . 
  so unlike the western gaming industry , the anime we consume is n't going to be messed with any time soon . 
  you 're quite the fair-weather fan in that case , eh ? 
  i 'm not disagreeing with you , but people said the same thing about the gaming industry a few years ago , and that gave us anita saakesian and gamergate amongst other things . 
   in fact we have actually been given games that are really good , * objectively * ; *** gone home ***, 
  ... are you serious ? 
  struck me as nothing but a bunch of unity assets put together ( well put together granted ) and a needlessly melodramatic storyline . 
  the praise it got simply because it featured lesbians made it out to be something greater than the sum of its parts . 
  while i agree with what you say , i think you might be overstating the maturity of the anime fanbase somewhat . 
  it 's not that we are necessarily * better * at handling gender issues than the gaming community ( although personally speaking i think we are ) , it 's that gender issue discussion is largely non-existent in the anime community . 
  / r/anime is the only place i * ever * see it brought up . 
  / a / suppresses it 100 % as do many other sites . 
   or even a male homosexual relationship ? 
  would n't sell well . 
  that 's the simple fact of the matter . 
   refusing to talk or even be aware of a problem / an issue would just hurt us more in the long term . 
  as i mentioned in another comment though , the anime community at large has no interest in having those discussions . 
  / a / 's greatest asset is that they do n't want to discuss anything except anime . 
  even if it 's tangentially related , the mods will often step in with their new-found zeal for protecting the integrity of the board ( notice how / a / was one of the few boards unaffected by all that 4chan upheaval last summer ? ) . 
  there 's something to be said for - as you so aptly put it - aggressively not caring . 
  what do you mean exactly ? 
   i mean , if were luck it wont affect us at all but we get a bad rap as it on the internet . 
  and ? 
  it has n't affected us before , so it 's hardly going to start doing so now . 
  why is it hilarious exactly ? 
   just when anime was about to become a more acceptable interest in the west ... 
  only a minority of anime fans actually want that , y' know ? 
  well , if that 's the worst thing i get accused of being on the internet , i 'd consider it a pretty good day . 
  i was speaking hypothetically . 
  but we do n't want sjws in the community . 
   i would like if i could watch anime and read manga without someone thinking i 'm a horny little kid who wants to see cartoon boobs . 
  i think that 's moreso a problem with your own insecurities more than anything if i 'm honest . 
   and what long-lasting damage has this done ? 
  the expansion of gaming into the mainstream means it 's become more acceptable as a hobby . 
  which made it a target for feminists . 
  they never bothered with it when it was niche . 
   i 'm sure many series ( i.e. 
  sao ) would be much more well-received if more care was given to making the female characters into full-fledged characters with their own agency . 
  but the majority of the largely male anime fanbase does n't really care about that kinda stuff ( also , it would take a lot more than having better female characters for sao to be considered good ) . 
   feminist criticism = / = `` violent censorship '' . 
  as seen in the gaming community though , there are those who wish to censor what they do n't like by applying social pressure . 
   false . 
  rumiko takahashi , naoko takeuchi and several other female mangaka ( since women are nearly half of all manga writers ) would certainly say otherwise . 
  and in recent years , some studios such as madhouse and kyoani have had women in their workforce gradually take on larger roles in the anime production process . 
  from rose of versailles all the way to the directorial works of kunihiko ikuhara and sayo yamamoto , feminism and gender issues have long had their place in the anime and manga mediums . 
  you can say what you want , but the strength of feminism in japan pales in comparison to its strength in the west . 
  and of all the japanese industries , the anime industry is probably the least likely to accommodate the feminist mantra any time soon . 
  sjw , you 're not welcome in the anime community .
