  that said , i 'd still prefer to play there than on the american servers . 
  the few times i 've played with american friends on their native servers , i came away from it with a new respect for my european teammates . 
  i would n't say i do badly with it , but i 've never been able to get a mastery badge on my m41 bulldog nor get beyond one mark of excellence . 
  it 's my favourite light tank in the game , but no matter how well i perform there must be others out-performing me at an insane level . 
  just yesterday i was playing in a tier viii game in the m41 ; got 6 kills and 2000 + damage . 
  still fell short of a mastery badge though . 
  i do think a lot of this may be down to my reluctance to use the autoloader and my overall inconsistency with the tank though . 
  still , i will never stop love racing around the battlefield at 70km/h . 
  why is there a gap between tier v and tier ix for the new french tanks ? 
   but now they are n't limited to the deals made by eu . 
  you say that as if it is a good thing . 
  foreign economies are far more inclined to deal with the eu bloc as a whole when it comes trade negotiations due to the size of the market they can get access to . 
  this gives the eu negotiators a lot of sway in securing favourable terms . 
   even shit countries in south america can get dozens of trade deals easily , so i 'm sure one of the strongest western nations can do the same . 
  and the eu can secure even better trade deals for the reason i outlined above . 
  it is pure fiction that the uk on its own could secure better trade deals than the eu can . 
   alpha cuck, 
  this is the worst timeline . 
   because god or something . 
  it 's actually got nothing to do with christianity that one . 
  you 're just watering the grass . 
  this one would piss off a lot of people . 
  i hope you know how to deal with civil unrest . 
  i think i 'll save this thread as an example of how left wing ireland really is for future reference . 
  i 'd love a good auld crusade . 
  constantinople is christian !, 
  i acknowledge israel 's right to exist and defend said existence . 
  it 's like people have forgotten how most states in existence today came to be . 
  it would be nice if they could figure out a mutually beneficial peace plan with the palestinians , but i do n't blindly support the palestinians like most people here out of some perceived historical kinship . 
  implying russia wants a bunch of angry exiles . 
  you 're an optimist , i 'll give you that . 
  i moved back in with my parents for 6 months while i pretended to look for a job . 
  played an unhealthy amount of halo reach , and then my current job sorta landed on my lap . 
  i do n't advise following this course of action as i was very lucky for it to work out like it did . 
  ireland occupies the odd position of being an english-speaking country but not being considered part of the anglosphere . 
  why would i feel sorry about it ? 
  it 's just an observation . 
  time to filter the word `` abortion '' on reddit i guess . 
  that 's one hell of an ignorant statement . 
  still going through your rebellious phase ? 
  becoming an advanced neet is the dream . 
  who cares ? 
  nobody in their right mind would listen to pulse anyway . 
  japan has a real military in everything but name at this stage . 
   they 're both tier v mediums that can mount derpy guns, 
  ah , that explains your original comment . 
  stick the top 75mm on the pz . 
  iv h and it 's actually a fantastic counter to the m4 . 
  but i do agree that with the 105mm you do actually have to play to pz . 
  iv h in a similar fashion to the 105mm-equipped m4 . 
   the brit line, 
  even the cruiser tank line ? 
  great tanks like the cromwell and centurion ? 
  looks like shite on pc though , and everybody knows that only normies use their mobile as their primary web-browsing device . 
  all the praise that op is getting for his crop just highlights how many normies are actually here . 
  are n't there plans to upgrade the typhoon though ? 
   it 's just like the us f-15 and f-16, 
  you 're right about the f-16 , but the f-15 seems to have plenty of potential left yet . 
  is that silent eagle project still alive ? 
  yes it does . 
  is there no passport office in dublin ? 
  til . 
  i thought it worked the other way around . 
  big gun , no armor . 
  very much a glass canon . 
  just do n't get your hopes up for the churchill vii . 
  you do n't really understand politics , do you ? 
  nah , they probably would have been taken vertically anyway . 
  worthless . 
   have some sympathy, 
  you ca n't make people feel something . 
  they 've also buying up cheap chinese vans for their fleet in certain areas . 
  getting really tired of people on this subreddit not finishing the sentences in their title just so people will click on their post . 
  does the silent eagle have any advantages over the f-35 other than having 2 engines ? 
  and was it proposed as a new unit or as an upgrade to airframes owned by existing customers ? 
  fair enough . 
  thanks for the info . 
  burgers are so bad at banter that they leave themselves wide open to these sort of burns on an almost constant basis . 
  the only thing that could make the middle east any way tolerable would be alcohol , yet it 's forbidden by their shitty religion . 
  the thought processes of arabs are not for us to understand . 
   everyone knows we 're the best . 
  not at banter . 
  banter and memes are the only things that matter in life . 
  your correction is factually incorrect . 
  yet another exhibit of poor banter skills . 
  that tends to tied to the aptitude for war . 
  you just ca n't handle the bantz . 
  keep reinforcing the stereotype . 
  the robot was reinstated under hiroshima nagasaki . 
   organisations with shady pasts like ruhama are leading the debates, 
  ruhama are seriously sketchy . 
  i would n't be surprised if things come to light about them in the fallout from the console debacle . 
  yes . 
  and the award for loaded question of the year goes to / u/tonavaa, 
  this is gon na be a shitshow . 
  so first you ask about opinions on abortion in / r/ireland - then you mix up ireland with northern ireland . 
  son , the only way you could fuck up any more is if you asked us why do travellers have such a bad reputation in ireland . 
  well , i 'm sorry for your suffering . 
   altought i havr concidered moving to ireland maybe in the future and i think you should know and understand the country you are going to . 
  to be fair , it 's hardly the sort of issue you will be confronted by as you go about your daily life here .
