  while that is true , i still believe that people do simultaneously become more conservative with age . 
  take a simple example : college students tend to be socialist because they have very little to their name and are typically idealistic . 
  middle aged adults have usually acquired money and assets , and are hence less open to socialist policies that would reduce their financial security . 
  of course these are very broad strokes , and in the case of my economic example class divides are a significant factor . 
  but the same general trend can be seen in social issues too . 
  sure it 's not like i 'll be going outside to enjoy it anyway . 
   and fought nazism, 
  but it did ... 
  weird , i hated the t29 . 
  sure , it can soak up damage like a champ , but the guns are n't great and the maneuverability is awful . 
  i much prefer the tiger or is as they are more compact and less vulnerable to being flanked . 
  the m6 is my favourite tier 6 heavy by far . 
  that gun is amazing . 
  during ww2 , the british were definitely among the `` good guys '' . 
  but i understand what you mean in relation to how it paints british perspective on all subsequent events . 
  as i saw in a post on / r/showerthoughts recently , when somebody on reddit apologises for poor english , you know they 're about to roll out the finest of the queen 's english . 
  especially if they 're nordic . 
  the top 90mm one . 
  everything else pales in comparison . 
  a few years ago , rt\u00c9 was regularly using music from halo for international soccer promos . 
  i honestly did n't think there would be people in rt\u00c9 that would be familiar with video game music . 
  national crews are definitely something i want . 
  new sound design would be nice ( a lot of the guns need to sound `` meatier '' ) , but i would personally prioritise national crews . 
  very odd driving around in an is with an american tank commander shouting in your ear . 
  that 's decent value for such a rare and sought after tank . 
  when was the last time it was on the store do you know ? 
  while i would n't consider them more more expensive ( if at all ) than their rivals , supermacs food used to be noticeably cheaper ( even when you factor in inflation and such ) . 
  i visited a supermacs for the first time in nearly a decade there last month . 
  while i was very impressed with the improvement in the quality of the food ( there was a reason i had n't been there in so long ) , you do n't get as much bang for your buck as you used to . 
  as was my assumption , yes . 
  given the ubiquity of supermacs in ireland , i 'd say it 's a welcome change as it gives me more fast food options when required . 
  ends justify the means . 
  that said , you probably should n't have kids if you think you wo n't be a good parent . 
  so many things wrong with this statement , i do n't even know where to begin . 
   i do n't like having to constantly read the subtitles , it is distracting from the animation, 
  looks like somebody never mastered the art of reading subtitles without directly focusing on them . 
  your loss . 
   i do n't think hearing the `` authentic japanese voice actors '' is important enough that a good dub is n't better to watch, 
  then again , i think you may actually be an idiot if that 's what you genuinely believe . 
  of course being able to hear the speech presented in the language the script was designed for is important . 
  even if you do n't understand what is being said , hearing how the character conveys the lines while reading the subtitles gives you a greater level of understanding of the meaning and emotion behind the words . 
  on top of that , japanese is a very difficult language to translate into spoken english that sounds natural without losing some of the meaning in the process . 
  yeah , the t29 is bizarrely popular . 
  i brought up once over in the wot general on / vg / how i think the t29 is a major stumbling block in the american heavy line , and i was bombarded with people calling me an idiot . 
  going from cork to killarney would n't require going as far as limerick junction . 
  the kerry line branches off in mallow . 
  i only care about barrel rings and mastery medals . 
  i do n't understand half the other stats you guys talk about at times . 
  i 've never purchased premium , and i got it too , so that ca n't be it . 
  ... all the stats are pointless . 
  that 's all well and good , but hipsters are still fucking annoying . 
   would you be as interested in playing if you could n't earn gun barrels or mastery badges ?? 
  yes . 
  i have 20 tanks and i own none of those . 
  i guess i must be doing something wrong ... 
  i find this to be a tricky question as it depends heavily on your playstyle . 
  for example , if you love mobility , flanking , and kiting , you * need * a cromwell . 
  one of the most fun tanks in the game if you enjoy that style of play . 
  for this reason , a kv-2 or tog would be torture for me . 
  the only real general recommendation i can give is the pz . 
  with the top gun , this tank will dominate tier iii if played correctly , and remains competitive right up to tier v. seriously fun tank . 
  after 2 years i have a garage of 20 tanks ( almost all of which are elite ) and almost all of which i enjoy playing on a regular basis . 
  unlike most people , i 'm not interested in pursuing top tier tanks - i only have 2 tier viiis . 
  my drive to play the game is based on building the perfect garage within the confines of the 20 spaces in my possession . 
  every so often i 'll sell a tank and pursue a different one to see if i enjoy it more . 
  i also like to have a mastery medal and at least one barrel ring on all my tanks ( only the panther evades me in this regard ) . 
  hmm , i should probably avoid buying the is-3 until i find out what this `` hero tank '' is first . 
  can be a tricky tank for newbies . 
  it was one of the first tier vis i unlocked , and it took me a while to master it due to how differently it plays to most tds . 
  sometimes i feel i 'm the only player that uses the 122 in my su-152 rather than the 152 . 
   the rumors i have heard so far are the sp i c is replacing the afk panther, 
  thank god !, 
  i might finally be able to get the ru 251 now . 
  loved that tank when i had it . 
  very delicate , but it flies and the guns are great . 
  but it 's a terrible scout . 
   easy 8, 
  i thought that had been a victim of power creep ? 
  nowhere near as common on the battlefield as they used to be . 
  this tank is cursed by awful matchmaking though . 
  the t-37 or m41 are a safer bet in my opinion . 
   there 's pretty much no downside . 
  jagdpanzer iv is a great tank also so i 'd say go for it . 
  yeah , i just bought it there about an hour ago based on the advice i was getting in this thread . 
  got mastery and top gun medals in my first match . 
  absolute beast of a td . 
   panther is more of a sniper than jpanther to me, 
  yeah , the panther plays more like a td than many tds do . 
  but i have more enjoyable snipers anyway , so i do n't particularly need it . 
   having played down the panther line , the rest of the tanks in that line have pretty similar play styles . 
  if op is n't a fan of the panther then it 's not gon na get better . 
  yeah , that was my concern . 
  that said , i do n't plan on progressing past the jpanther 1 . 
  i already have a tier viii td in the isu-152 . 
   i hope they will just keep him in alongside the sp 1 c. no reason to reduce options unless the tank is messing up the game somehow imo, 
  well it has been gone from the pc version for quite some time . 
  i ca n't say - i got to it through the hetzer . 
  why else would you say `` lmfao '' ? 
  i 'm utc and i do n't see it . 
  but that 's the thing - i 'm not seeing it in the ops tab .
