  combine that with gunplay that i 'd consider as crisp as any cod game ( which it should be considering the pedigree ) , some fun game modes , and goddamn amazing map design - it really disappoints me that this game did n't get the fanbase it deserved . 
   this is why i defended the not really a campaign campaign in the first game . 
  it just established a bit of story in the world , but it was just multiplayer , which is what makes the game . 
  what i find odd though is that despite not having a proper campaign , i find titanfall 's universe quite interesting . 
  sure , it 's a bit generic in places , but the backstory of the titans themselves would make a great campaign itself . 
  quiet you . 
  you 're effectively our resident sjw who gets pissy any time anybody says anything that does n't befit your liberal agenda . 
  why you 're still here is beyond me . 
  jesus was most definitely a historical figure . 
  whether you believe he was the son of god is an entirely different matter . 
  now fuck off back to / r/atheism . 
  not triggered - i just have a low tolerance for people who are purposefully contrarian . 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  how is it bullshit , friendo ? 
  i know it 's wikipedia , but all the sources you need are referenced . 
  then explain to me the last section on that page about the `` jesus myth '' theory widely being discredited . 
  but am i ? 
  why ? 
  where is the place for something that is always right then ? 
  right about what ? 
  he made his bed over there , now let him lie in it . 
  i do n't have a shred of sympathy for him . 
   piracy is good ; game companies make too much money, 
  that 's fair . 
   capitalism ruins games, 
   counter-terrorist games are racist . 
  is this guy for real ? 
   i love the concept of dlc and fully embrace it . 
  i have no issue with singleplayer or cosmetic dlc ( as long as it was n't stuff cut from the game for the sole purpose of dlc ) , but paid multiplayer dlc is inherently bad because it splits communities . 
  this can be especially problematic on games with already smaller than average playerbases . 
  halo used to have a serious problem with this . 
   really real, 
  really ? 
  because you come across as a caricature of a pseudo-liberal gamer who reads far too much into things . 
   also not a guy . 
  hardly relevant . 
  this is n't about gender . 
   her videos are not the best thing ever written but she is making a step towards games being treated as a legitimate artform by critiquing, 
  is n't there evidence to support the suggestion that she does n't even play some of the games she critiques ? 
  i 'm only quoting a few articles i 've read online , so do n't hold me to that . 
   horrible flight physics, 
  glad i was n't the only one who could never master jets . 
  i was okay with helicopters though . 
   and the concept of suppression, 
  which incidentally was hated by a lot of the hardcore fanbase . 
  bad company 2 is still the modern battlefield benchmark for me though . 
   halo probably should n't have gotten so many sequels . 
  maybe up to 3 and that 's it . 
  reach was really good ( to the point where it 's probably my favourite halo game ) , and odst is liked by the fanbase for being `` different '' ( it also brought firefight to the franchise ) . 
  sad thing is , 4 was actually pretty good from a story perspective and looked like it was going to springboard a fantastic new saga that dove into the expansive halo lore . 
  and then halo 5 happened ... 
  did you happen to watch the recent extra credits video on it ? 
  it does a lot to explain destiny 's long-lasting appeal in the context you described . 
  4 was n't bad though . 
  5 was awful . 
   is n't all of academic thought `` reading too much into things '' ? 
  maybe you 're reading too little !, 
  and one of criticisms being brought up in this very thread is that gamers get upset on a daily basis about the smallest , most irrelevant issues . 
  your last point in particular is a prime example of that . 
   also , you brought up gender stuff ; i just corrected you . 
  you corrected me when i knowing your gender was irrelevant to the conversation at hand . 
  yes , just because we do n't care about a guy who ruined his own life by doing something stupid does n't mean we do n't understand the importance of human rights . 
  i oppose the death penalty in almost all cases , but the irish government should not get involved in this and nor should we be guilt-tripped into raising money for this unfortunate idiot . 
   i like sonic games, 
   god of war is a game for children, 
  are you implying sonic games are *** not *** for children ? 
   sure , you wo n't get access to the different weapons , but the new levels ? 
  as long as the host in the party has them , everyone can play them . 
  did n't buy grenades ? 
  someone who bought that dlc can buy the asset before you start and everyone can use them . 
  that sounds really clever and effective . 
  it also incentivises players without the dlc to buy it ( without beating them over the head about it ) by allowing them access the content in an indirect way . 
  i completely agree . 
  reach is still my favourite halo game to date , and that supposedly came after halo passed its prime . 
  halo 4 had a great campaign in terms of story ( arguably more cohesive than that of halo reach ) , but had issues in the gameplay and multiplayer departments . 
  thanks for that - i am on mobile right now so i could n't easily link it myself . 
   i did n't care for the story / new enemy, 
  it was very divisive and at the time i did n't like it either . 
  but a lot of the expanded universe media that came out afterwards really made the plot of halo 4 make more sense and made it look better in retrospect . 
  also , i liked spartan ops ( especially the final 5 episodes ) . 
  if you 're referring to my use of the word `` guy '' , that 's commonly used as a unisex term where i come from . 
  it was not my intention to make gender relevant to the discussion . 
  most people would just brush that off anyway . 
   it 's barely unisex, 
  it 's very unisex where i come from . 
  `` lads '' is used in place of the word `` guys '' for referring specifically to a group of men most of the time . 
   retards, 
  remove that bit , and you 're 100 % correct . 
  i 'm ... not sure what you 're trying to say . 
  why did you link me to a twitter search for the word `` lad '' . 
  all it seems to do is prove my point that `` lad '' is a masculine term . 
  you 're misreading my comments - go back a few . 
  i said `` lads '' was explicitly gendered , but where i come from `` guys '' is not . 
  so yeah ... 
  if it is n't my best friend on the whole of / r/4chan ... 
  it 's entirely up to yourself . 
  is this b8 ? 
  well , as long as there 's not another upcoming referendum on a social issue that i do n't agree with / r/ireland on , i should be okay . 
  hitler would have made anime real so we would n't have had to suffer the reality of 3d . 
   so if hitler had won all women would be raging feminists,
