   ummm ... maybe we should stop invading and bombing their countries ? 
  i think thats a terrific place to start . 
  ummmm ... the vast majority of european countries * did n't * bomb anybody . 
  why do they have to do that in europe though ? 
  a lot of european countries still have chronic unemployment problems of their own after the global recession . 
  you only are from the perspective of sjws . 
  rational people would n't think so . 
  how about we learn from the mistakes of the past and * not * burn the world ? 
  actually in the aftermath of the lee rigby beheading in england 2 years ago and the charlie hebdo attacks there were a lot of muslims legitimately using the `` religion of peace '' defense in europe . 
  how about just the ones beheading people ? 
  christianity is so close to being tolerable in a modern era , it would be a shame to let all the progress go to waste . 
  the quran condones it , hence islam does . 
   ( the bible explicitly calls for gays to be killed ), 
  the pope has modernised the church 's stance on homosexuality though . 
  and it has been quite some time since the catholic church believed that homosexuals should be killed . 
  that 's why religious reform is good . 
  islam just does n't agree . 
  if christians slavishly followed the old testament , they might as well be jews . 
  the new testament has always been the core text of christianity as it contains the teachings of jesus . 
  if christians slavishly followed the old testament , they might as well be jews . 
  the new testament has always been the core text of christianity as it contains the teachings of jesus . 
   i 'm afraid you 're talking utter nonsense so we 're done here . 
  just noticed your username , so i guess you 're right . 
  enjoy / r/atheism . 
  the old testament is almost entirely taken metaphorically by catholics for example . 
  the pope acts as god 's representative on earth and the leader of the church founded by jesus ( who was god ) . 
  whether you like it or not , he has the power to make those calls . 
  catholics rarely do ( usually extreme members of the faith ) . 
  i will concede that what you say is true in some protestants variants though ( especially in america ) . 
  i never said that homosexuality was now * accepted * by catholicism . 
  that would go against the current teachings of the church . 
  but it is now tolerated , and as was the original point that i was trying to make , the church * does n't * want gays dead . 
  he was referring to his role as the prophet . 
  jesus never intended to create a new religion - his original role was to bring change to judaism . 
  obviously it did n't pan out like that . 
  so two european countries ? 
  that does n't disprove my point at all , m8 . 
  ignorance ? 
  you 'd be surprised how often so-called `` religious '' lay people are ignorant of the teachings of their own religion . 
   their moronic stance, 
  that 's subjective . 
  fine , do whatever you want . 
  does n't matter to me - i 'm not even christian . 
  i 'm just not edgy and vocal in my lack of faith . 
   so sin = tolerated now ... i 'm a go kill some people now . 
  man , you really are an / r/atheism-tier atheist . 
  you have a lot of growing up to do . 
  it 's not my concern . 
  you can choose to be part of a religion just as easily as you can choose not to be . 
  i made my choice years ago , and i do n't judge others for the choices they make in that regard . 
  people are entitled to have faith or be faithless . 
  just do n't come crying to me when your decision negatively impacts on your life . 
  obviously not . 
  such violence is never acceptable regardless of the circumstances - whether they be religious or otherwise . 
  i did n't think it necessary to put such a caveat in my original statement . 
   never been at / r/atheism, 
  i think you 'd feel right at home there . 
  if you 're referring to the old testament , that 's secondary to the new testament for christians . 
  most christians only interpret the old testament metaphorically , and even among those that take it literally they do n't do n't tend to become terrorists due to their belief in its literal meanings . 
  in my experience muslims take the quran a lot more literally than christians do with the bible . 
  do you see christians fighting `` holy wars '' and beheading people in civilised countries in the fucking 21st century ? 
  you 're * assuming * that he 's a dickhead , whereas it 's a verifiable fact that most of africa is neither progressive nor advanced . 
  as cruel as it may sound , not sending them back will only incentivise others to attempt the same gamble for asylum . 
  why hens ? 
  that depends on whether their claim for asylum is legitimate or not . 
   it 's our obligation as a country to take in asylum seekers, 
  implying there is n't abuse of the asylum system worldwide . 
  every flood starts with a trickle . 
   they went straight to the point of attacking the country and calling it a shithole . 
  who are you to say it is n't ? 
  they should hire whoever is running an post to run bus \u00c9ireann . 
  ah now , it 's not like she 's trying to convert anybody . 
  what 's wrong with having religious faith and acknowledging the role you believe it plays in your successes ? 
  implying they 'd pay to use one . 
   the exact same ? 
  irish people have a habit of keeping to themselves in situations like this . 
   implying this will stop the parades, 
   implying it wo n't make them worse, 
  well then it started with explosives and you 've got a much bigger problem on your hands . 
   in fact , the majority of africa was turned into a complete hellhole because predominantly white countries exploited and completely destroyed them . 
  they do have a responsibility to burdon , and it is their fault . 
  so present european generations should suffer for what their ancestors did ? 
  i disagree . 
  i take the train fairly relatively , and in a situation like this i think most people would either just quietly gawk , look out the window , or turn up their headphones . 
  any company that can deliver post on time within the irish address system deserves the nobel prize . 
  and ? 
  it 's not by choice . 
  that 's just how the cookie crumbles . 
   you pay for what your ancestors did , or benefit from it . 
  nobody should have to pay for the sins of their ancestors . 
  it 's not fair , but punishing the descendants of those who created that suffering is pointless and vindictive . 
   almost all of africa is paying for the sins of other people 's ancestors, 
  nobody is denying that . 
  but suggesting that the innocent descendants of the people who committed those sins should have to suffer in order to `` balance the books '' somehow is stupid and vindictive . 
  did you expect any less ? 
  and people still have to gall to chastise me for using adblock ... 
  problem is , some websites that play media are copping on and are installing players that wo n't run unless you disable adblock . 
  there 's usually a work-around , but i was hoping that website owners would take more positive , progressive steps in the face of adblock . 
  eh , people who enjoy inferior internet experiences in the name of supporting the person/company who put intrusive ads there in the first place . 
  out of curiosity , what blockers do you use ?
