  in fact , as one expert on tonight 's documentary said , we ca n't be certain if there will be any serious long-term effects of irish society 's attitude to sex and porn . 
  society may just adapt to this new era of sexuality . 
   you really expect a blow job in exchange for some finger blasting ? 
  i do n't see why not . 
  as bad as a penis is , a vagina looks like a penis that has exploded . 
  why would anybody in their right mind put their mouth down there ? 
  this is the first time that i 've genuinely wanted to reply to a comment on / r/ireland with the phrase `` careful now '' . 
  were you not on / r/anime during aldnoah.zero season 1 at all ? 
  no he does n't . 
  i 'm gon na watch season 2 , but when watching this trailer i find myself questioning why i still feel invested in this series when it has done nothing but piss me off at almost every turn . 
  the fujos love slaine apparently , and they 're always a decent enough revenue stream . 
  hah , maybe in bizarro world . 
  the very fact that he is worse than walking plot device inaho shows how bad slaine actually is . 
  that said , i hope season 2 goes some way towards making him more tolerable since it seems like he will be the primary mc of the show this time around . 
   we want him to die a million times over by having his kidney or liver ripped out of his body by a hungry bird . 
  we do n't already want that ? 
  yeah . 
  i enjoyed twintails ( quality aside ) , but even i do n't think i 've watched enough anime to appreciate it on the level some of the guys over on / a / did . 
  that 's a severe over-exaggeration . 
  not even / a / is going that far , and a lot of them hated season 2 . 
  and besides , even if people detested season 2 , most of them recognise that it was necessary to progress the plot towards the movie 's story arc . 
  pretty much this . 
  psycho pass 2 had a number of issues , but i still deemed it to be a decent 7/10 , whereas season 1 for me a solid 9/10 . 
  what an odd yet accurate analogy . 
   implying i have a gf, 
  going down on a girl is n't exactly pleasant though . 
  i 'm sure he has no problem with that . 
  yes . 
  yes it is . 
  auto-american . 
  what the fuck have they done to may ? 
  he really is n't . 
  and when inaho is the other mc , that 's saying a lot . 
  it 's both . 
  in my experience , it only tends to annoy people who actually like slaine . 
  electric vehicles are being mandated by law to emit a certain level of artificial noise to alert pedestrians to their presence . 
  not sure if those laws are in place yet though . 
  this is a childish reaction to the situation . 
  ** edit : ** good to know / r/ireland approves of damaging other people 's hard earned property . 
  very hard to improve the cycling infrastructure in cork beyond a certain point though , given how narrow a lot of the streets are . 
  that 's hardly my problem , is it ? 
  it 's their choice . 
  so every time somebody inconveniences you , you damage their property ? 
  i know , he 's really nailed it . 
  feminists claim that women are `` stronger '' than men , yet which gender successfully * oppressed * the other for thousands of years ? 
  dude , you have moderate to severe mental problems . 
  i think some companies are planning on letting you have a choice of sounds alright . 
  seriously though , cowboy bebop is good , but it 's the default answer of people who want to appear like they have good taste in anime . 
  i 've found that the amount of people who genuinely consider it the best/their favourite is surprisingly low . 
  not if you 're careful about it . 
  and for the record , i 'm not for moment saying that it 's right or acceptable to park a car in a bike lane . 
  but i just believe that damaging the property of others is not the appropriate response . 
   it is dangerous . 
  i do n't disagree - not even for a second . 
  and you are right to be pissed off when it happens . 
   is on / r/4chan, 
   normal member of society, 
   implying, 
  fucking wannabe normalfags are worse than actual normalfags . 
  or the movie ( the movie is nowhere near as good as the tv series - still a decent watch though ) . 
  but i 'll be dead by then !, 
  i wonder what life in general would be like if this post accurately portrayed reality ? 
  why ? 
  i 'm not seeing the problem . 
   implying getting a gf is even remotely one of the things that motivate me to do stuff anyway, 
  i 'm no expert on biology , but that does n't sound right . 
   a robotic girl will never be as enjoyable as a lady who loves and cares about you because at the end of the day it 's just a human-shaped fleshlight . 
  normalfaggotry detected . 
  it 's okay - we all make mistakes . 
  nobody cares about something as trivial as perspectives on abortion when we have religious terrorists killing journalists and police officers in paris . 
  get a fucking grip and realise that the beliefs of christians are the least of society 's problems at the moment . 
   dude , just do n't . 
  imagine if one day turkey no longer lives up to your standards and you want to go make a better life for yourself somewhere else . 
  you will come to france as a productive member of the work force and try your best to give back to the country . 
  you think the french right-wingers will acknowledge that ? 
  you think they will look at you and think `` well , i 'm sure he 's a good turk , not like the rest of them '' ? 
  they wo n't . 
  they 'll look at you and see a dirty immigrant . 
  i 'd rather my country be safe than have it be a beacon of multiculturalism . 
  of course , i 'd prefer it to be both , but that 's easier said than done . 
  i 've never been able to understand why that is . 
   we 're talking to the level where they 'd ban the hijab, 
  good . 
   also muslims in france feel more offended by this killing than the charlie 's cartoons . 
  not according to twitter . 
   1.5 billion extremists in the world, 
  the religion is fucking toxic when interpreted word for word from the quran , as many of them do . 
  if the crusades have succeeded , i like to think we would n't have to deal with so much of this islamic terrorism in europe . 
  fighting muslim invaders is one of the few things that united the continent in the past . 
  i knew you 'd jump to the bible straight away . 
  are there christians who interpret the bible word for word waging multiple holy wars across the world right now ? 
  are there christians who interpret the bible word for word committing the vast amount of the world 's terrorist attacks ? 
  are there christians who interpret the bible word for word beheading people who do n't share their beliefs ? 
  like islam , christianity also has people who interpret the bible word for word . 
  and while they may often act like morons , they are very rarely savages . 
  the same can not be said for the people who literally interpret the quran . 
  nowhere near on the scale of the muslim holy wars . 
  in addition , in africa religion is often used as a proxy for political wars ( look up most of the `` religious wars '' in africa in recent decades and you 'll see what i mean - especially the ones involving christians ) . 
  the holy wars of islam are very often purely about religion . 
  [ ahem .
