  it might if you take the phrase to heart . 
  did they not bypass gort recently ? 
  my pleasure . 
   the whole `` grow a thicker skin '' argument is not even a relevant argument , and will never be considered one . 
  that 's entirely subjective and you know it . 
  sometimes i have a limited amount of money on me and i want to know that i can afford what i 'm buying before i bring it to the counter . 
   leaving a paper trail, 
   digibro and goat jesus, 
  i 'm sorry , but i do n't like pretentiousness with my anime content on youtube . 
   just because they speak with authority during their anime analyses does n't make them pretentious , you know . 
  but arkada with his glass reflections channel also speaks with authority about anime yet despite everything does n't strike me as pretentious . 
  this is a fucking stupid comment . 
  do you call everything you like `` garbage '' ? 
  that 's still odd . 
  no , i think you are since ( in this thread at least ) the problem pertains exclusively to you . 
  but then again , maybe you 're right and everybody else is wrong ... / s, 
  nothing should ever be the new planking . 
  planking is dead , and leave it so . 
  i did n't know you could screw in light bulbs with a katana . 
  you guys are seeing patterns where there are none . 
  between that and saying the media is in the government 's pocket , you 're all starting to sound like a broken record . 
  this subreddit is getting progressively more far left wing by the day - the growing adoration for that idiot paul murphy and his ilk being a prime indicator of that . 
  / r/ireland is going have a field day with this . 
  they 'll circlejerk themselves to sleep tonight about `` political policing '' and how paul murphy is some kind of saint . 
   political policing, 
  is that the new / r/ireland buzzword/buzzphrase ? 
  a few months ago during the marriage equality fracas it was `` bigot '' . 
   do n't even start to go there . 
  too late . 
  i see no harm in * monitoring * the activities of a movement that has been previously involved in illegal activity . 
  i ai n't the one coming up with conspiracy theories . 
  you 're the guys ranting about `` political policing '' and government suppression of left wing movements . 
  so forgive if i do n't find the prospect of it all being a conspiracy to be prime wanking material . 
  in this day and age , yes . 
  thought we 'd heard the end of this to be honest . 
  it 's a done deal - now can we please move on ? 
  not really , considering that she 's a * warship * ( of sorts ) . 
  ... but are n't you a redditor too ? 
  guilt tripping people is n't a good way to get them to do what you want . 
   no we have n't . 
  we 've taken in significantly less than our fair share . 
  how does one define a `` fair share '' ? 
  it 's completely arbitrary . 
  i see you got badly hit by / r/ireland 's long-standing inability to accept that we 're a race of ugly people . 
  that and the fact that they want to get into the uk specifically to evade law enforcement . 
  hence by definition , you 're a redditor . 
  you ca n't just change the meaning of words to suit your agenda . 
   germany is expecting on the order of 800,000 refugees , approximately 1 % of their total population . 
   so a starting figure for us is 40,000, 
  since when does germany get to set the standard on what 's a `` fair share '' ? 
  maybe they 're just being overly generous ? 
   ok , but then keep in mind that your arbitration of a fair share is not based on the efficiency or health of our society, 
  what makes you say that ? 
  but if we build wind turbines , we 'll have the nimbys up in arms because they think the turbines look `` ugly '' . 
  christ , what an awful choice of music . 
  but definition , you are . 
  i and many others would consider you a gamer . 
   we would be taking 1/10th the number of refugess per capita that germany is taking . 
  and ? 
   the racists are very vocal of late because naturally the idea of non whites entering europe annoys them to no end but unfortunately if they want to air their views in real life they 'd have to join the skinheads so they rant behind the keyboard . 
  / r/european being a prime example of a place they congregate . 
  they are great for upvoting each other on reddit so that 's why it may appear like the articles are dominated by right wing commentary . 
  so anybody who is n't welcoming the migrants with open arms is a racist ? 
  well , that 's * one * interpretation of the term ... 
   so you 're saying that peoples ' lives should be determined simply by the chance ? 
  almost everything in life is determined by chance . 
   the type of country that has an educated population who is able to see past race , ethnicity , religion or nationality . 
  sounds like the kind of country that would quickly go bankrupt . 
   none of ye give a shite about the homeless, 
  prove it . 
  if you welcome everybody who claims to be a refugee into your country with open arms and promise them benefits and such , that 's gon na be a significant drain on resources if it goes unchecked . 
  is it bad that i 'm not even surprised by that ? 
  i did n't quote any figures . 
  we 're not * punishing * them . 
  they people fighting in the war are doing the punishing . 
  punishment requires intent . 
  it 's a common sense claim . 
   why do they require punishment for something they had no part in ? 
  i reiterate ; we are not the ones doing the punishing . 
   my point is , do you think civilians deserve to opportunity to flee a war zone ? 
  of course . 
  but they should n't be allowed pick and choose where they seek refuge . 
  it should be done in the first safe country they reach . 
  if you throw money at a potentially endless stream of migrants , that 's not good financial sense . 
  and that * is * common sense - or at least i would like to think so ... 
  assisting , sure . 
  but the refugees should be contained ( with eu financial support of course ) in the country they first arrive in until they a processed . 
  they should then be fairly distributed throughout european countries ( in agreement with the goverments of the countries ) , and should be limited in their ability to decide which country they are sent to . 
   which i 'm quietly confident will come from the public ... 
  oh please ... 
  ... how is this at all relevant to / r/halostory ? 
  the problem i have with normal difficulty is that the enemies are n't aggressive enough and the elites are far too weak . 
  heroic with certain skulls active will always be canon difficulty for me . 
  in addition , what we 're forgetting here that all the answers we 're giving are tainted by subjectivity due to the varying skills of players . 
  query whose reasoning ? 
  well i 'm not exactly in favour of the current type of immigration europe is experiencing , but i do n't believe i 'm a racist . 
  allowing the migrants pick and choose where they want to go within the eu is a recipe for disaster . 
  also , we should be turning away economic migrants en masse during this time of crisis and only actual refugees should be eligible for processing . 
  in addition , i 'm wary of the issues other countries have had with migrants not integrating ( e.g. 
  sweden & germany ),
