  if i was the type to give a shit about what people said about me , i might be offended . 
   you ca n't even apply your ( very dumb ) argument to both sides so you must not even believe your own shite . 
  and what argument might that be , pray tell . 
   so i think it 's pretty reasonable to guess you 're hoping for a no result . 
  you 're extremely disingenuous and transparent on this . 
  as i 've said many times previously , i do n't give a shit about the result . 
  it literally makes no difference to me what the result is . 
  can you please get that through your thick skull ? 
  my time may not exactly be precious , but i 'm not going to waste it reiterating myself . 
  you would think that , but i guarantee you that it 's not the case a lot more often than you might think . 
  listen , i may have an issue with irresponsible drug use similar to how i disapprove of irresponsible alcohol consumption , but to say that i 'm happy that somebody is dead would be laughable were it not so inappropriate . 
  so yeah , take your leaps in logic elsewhere . 
   whatever your stance on it you must see that something needs to change ? 
  not really . 
  irresponsible people will just have to deal with the consequences of their actions . 
  business as usual . 
  why would i use facebook ? 
  that 's the equivalent of just giving away your personal information and photos . 
  did you not watch the main evening news last night ? 
   the downvote button has been working well for a number of years now . 
  yet a lot of people here still do n't know how to work it properly . 
  and you 're entitled to think that . 
  it 's untrue , but that 's a problem for you not me . 
  welcome to / r/anime 's argument de jour of spring 2014 . 
   also demo is honestly the only anime youtuber that is genuinely funny imo . 
  not exactly hard when the vast majority of them are either unbearable to listen/watch or plain old not funny . 
  he tempers the sometimes overbearing optimism of the mainstream anime community ,, 
  i heard you 're talking shit about demo 's taste . 
   like i said , i laugh at almost everything . 
  you do realise that laughing at everything is n't exactly indicative of having a good sense of humour ? 
  i especially liked his one on ninja slayer - never seen somebody 's hate for something crumble so quickly . 
  based demo . 
  yeah , keep thinking that ... 
  do n't forget to watch the first ever bhutanese 3d animated film !, 
  aoty , hands down . 
  you misspelled tsugumi . 
  does he hurt your fee fees ? 
  irrelevant - she 's gunning for the mistress role . 
  he could be waiting for it on netflix in anticipation of better quality . 
  i know i am . 
  i binge watched the first season of kos to be fair , hence i am looking forward to doing the same with season 2 . 
  who said we 're basing our opinion on what demo says ? 
  he 's entertaining , you fuckwit - that 's why i and many others watch his content . 
  he 'd probably be appalled if we * were * basing our opinions on what he says . 
  yes , that 's where i actually spend most my anime-related time on the internet . 
  you 're joking , right ? 
   i would really , genuinely like to hear a well thought out answer from the no side . 
  we 've had these threads dozens of times . 
  they do n't work because the no side rarely if ever engages with them . 
  you 're wasting your time , i 'm afraid . 
  ** edit : ** there appears to be 2 shadowbanned people in this thread , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  to be fair , i do n't really have an issue with its message , but it 's definitely out of place and in my opinion is most certainly not `` beautiful '' . 
   gang of well-known criminals, 
  yeah , hard to believe * anybody * in the rathkeale 's community would be involved in illegal activities . 
  most certainly not in some form of * gang * ... 
  there are some very odd downvote trends in this entire comments section . 
  er , does anybody know whether this guy is being serious or not ? 
  just you it seems . 
  maybe you might have considered blocking out the licence plate ? 
  you do n't know whether the driver was forced to occupy the parking spot like that . 
  it 's most likely not the case ( because most people ca n't park for shit it seems ) , but it 's worth considering . 
   no need to be a selfish prick . 
  having an expensive car doesnt entitle you to jack shit . 
  but the car parked incorrectly in your photo is a kia . 
  in fact , the most well parked car in the entire photo seems to be a bmw x5 . 
  while there is a special place reserved in hell for people who carelessly open their car doors , there is no excuse for parking inconsiderately . 
  is n't there a subreddit for this sort of thing ? 
  i just do n't see how it 's relevant to / r/ireland . 
  how the hell is it a slur ? 
  `` reclaiming '' words and phrases is a very tumblr-esque thing to do and i ca n't help but laugh at it . 
  stupid and vindictive attitude to have when you ca n't possibly know the full story . 
  blocking out the licence plate would n't detrimentally affect your post at all . 
  do you buy into the stereotypes associated with people who buy certain types of cars ? 
   it 's always the same story man, 
  not always . 
  as somebody mentioned already , what if two cars had originally parked badly on either side of the audi and the driver was forced to park like that ? 
  it 's not probable , but it has happened to me on occasion . 
  whatever way you look at it , you 're making an assumption . 
  when i was growing up it was * primarily * used to describe something that was odd . 
  should i stop using a word as per its original meaning just because it was co-opted by homophobic people ? 
   op may be making an assumption but hes probably right tbh . 
  i did n't once deny that . 
  but since there is the * possibility * of him being incorrect , i disagree with his `` naming and shaming '' policy . 
  and here i was thinking stereotypes are bad . 
  our local aldi manager has one . 
   i find it embarrassing that a third level irish student like this ben fella can be so utterly oblivious to a fundamental civil rights issue . 
  what 's being a student got to do with it ? 
  you got ta admire the commitment to the joke . 
  sure it 's only french - not a real language . 
  to be fair , posters on lamp posts are equally ineffective yet are still heavily invested in . 
   but votes on rights should never fucking happen . 
  if you do n't like it , you know what to do . 
  if he does n't envision the law ever affecting him , there 's nothing wrong with him not voting . 
  he just does n't get to complain about the result . 
   he 'll think , ` my dad could 've helped changed this , but he did n't care ' . 
  how would the son know about how his father voted/didn ' t vote on a referendum in the past ? 
   even bad sex is better than a napkin . 
  citation needed . 
   this people are n't really that bad off, 
  a surprisingly large amount actually are .
