   as it says in the article , hold off until they have the system in place to do that without losing data . 
  are they actually planning on creating such a system though ? 
  i ca n't view the article at the moment as it wo n't load on my phone . 
  just last week i was trying to disconnect my youtube and google + account so i could comment on videos ( sensible comments , i promise !, 
  ) , but there was too much risk involved in terms of data loss . 
  good . 
  i use my google account for far too much to risk losing anything . 
  everything from my android phone to my picasa albums . 
  what 's happening today ? 
  ... i do n't get it . 
  what point is the author trying to make exactly ? 
  he seems to ramble a bit . 
   i absolutely loved the car degradation over time . 
  as somebody who obsesses about having their cars in mint condition at all times in games , this drove me mental . 
  also , the following happened almost every time i went to drive anywhere for a mission :, 
  `` well , i 'm off to whack a guy . 
  let me just drive my immaculate car out of my garage ... 
  *** crash ***, 
  and now i 'm missing a bumper and it will annoy me to the point where i have to go to a garage to get it fixed , and the cycle begins again . 
  my problem with mafia 2 was that it was so linear it almost defeated the purpose of it being an open world game . 
  almost . 
   but i enjoy reading the comments here mostly and like the community on a whole . 
  i really do n't want to have to leave because certain users are bringing the quality of the sub down . 
  could you not , y' know , ignore them like a normal person instead of making a post moaning about it and expecting the mods to make everything better for you ? 
   they pose no conceivable political threat in this country because they wo n't put their faces to their reprehensible views . 
  is n't that what they said a few years ago in the uk ? 
  like , ukip may have done badly in the election , but that was moreso down to the uk 's retarded electoral system than lack of support . 
   linking to a hate site does get a ban , yeah . 
  how are `` hate sites '' defined though ? 
  define `` clamping down '' ? 
  do you mean `` silencing opinions you do n't agreed with '' ? 
  and ? 
  welcome to the internet . 
   national front, 
  in france ? 
  i was under the impression that they 'd been gaining a lot of ground recently . 
   national front, 
  in france ? 
  i was under the impression that they 'd been gaining a lot of ground recently . 
  huh , til . 
  that seems rather unreasonable of you . 
  why did you feel the need to make a post about the existence of ads from on side of the abortion debate ? 
  on the internet , it generally does . 
  different rules , lad . 
  i 'm not a racist . 
  nothing in my post history would imply that . 
  quit making sweeping generalisations . 
  that 's not a very nice thing to say about a fellow / r/ireland user . 
  but that 's subjective . 
  since when has being prepared been a bad thing ? 
  have you ever actually seen a real life vagina ? 
  it 's one of the less aesthetically pleasing things in life . 
   not being conservative, 
  what makes you say that ? 
  what makes liberals inherently right and conservatives inherently wrong ? 
  according to ? 
  `` nigerian national '' ? 
  you 're the one who said a political talking head was n't wrong . 
  ah this place is dead , give it a go . 
  i 'd love to see you try . 
  most look like an exploded penis though . 
  yeah , if they moved here in their lifetime and have n't yet gained citizenship , is that not what they are ? 
  actually though , `` nigerian national '' might be a better term and one that i actually hear used in the media . 
  sorry , i 'm not long up out of the bed . 
  but surely you ca n't have a problem with that one ? 
  of course , why would n't it ? 
  like , they 're not an irish national . 
  it court case reports , that would seem like an important detail . 
  the time for this discussion was 3 years ago . 
  get over it . 
   too pc . 
  welcome to / r/ireland, 
  / r/shitredditsays now has an irish branch apparently . 
   you should have a surge protector strip, 
  like those extension cables with `` surge protection '' written on them ? 
  i thought that was just a gimmick ... 
  land rover defenders too . 
  well said . 
  the people who call for unrestricted immigration are severely shortsighted . 
  and any time you call them out on it , you get called a racist or privileged shitlord . 
   i 've seen thousands of pussies, 
  * thousands ? 
  so you 're not allowed dislike something based on personal preference ? 
  is this a copypasta ? 
  either that or you have a big problem with the human penis considering how much you 've posted that in this thread . 
   you probably have as well, 
  i highly doubt that . 
  how so ? 
  i do n't think i 've ever said anything even remotely racist . 
  ... but i 'm not a racist . 
  then why did you downvote me just there ? 
  not annoyed , just curious . 
  well somebody 's downvoting every comment i make in a day old thread ... 
  the plot thickens ... 
  did n't the teaching unions hate him ? 
  why not ? 
  it 's only r&d . i 'm pretty sure some of the stuff intel already makes here is used in weapons systems . 
  there 's only blood on your hands if you look at it that way . 
  do car manufacturers have blood on their hands because of the people who have died in car accidents ? 
  did you just gild yourself ?
