  uomi is a poor man 's shino . 
  huh ? 
  shino is top tier . 
  you ca n't beat that . 
  that was possibly my all time favourite post on / r/anime . 
  purely for the comments section it spawned . 
  i do n't think it 's possible to upvote sarcastically . 
  ironically , maybe . 
  but not sarcastically . 
  but the first world is also full of countries like ireland and norway that do n't have widespread police corruption and brutality . 
  being a world power is no excuse . 
   i did n't say you ca n't have an opinion , i said if you disagree with equality you are a small minded and hateful cunt . 
  what if you just do n't care ? 
  are those people still small-minded and hateful cunts ? 
  you 're not being serious , right ? 
  can we not just bitch about the regulars themselves ? 
  that 's sounds like a lot more fun and considerably less sacrilegious . 
   the japanese are actually losing population due to a new culture of thinking relationships are stupid and a waste of time . 
  well , they 're not wrong . 
  did you seriously just bring up gender roles in / r/4chan ? 
  that may be , but gender roles is borderline sjw talk . 
  well , they 're not in my future . 
  it 's not autistic to realise that relationships are a waste of money and time . 
  exactly . 
  waste of time and money , and in the end you just fall into some sorta feminist trap . 
  maybe so , but i 'd rather be autistic than gullible . 
  so you 'd rather be gullible ? 
  sjws are always bitching about gender roles . 
   irish conservatism is well and alive , just look at the protection of corrupt institutions such as the guards , look at the media and their blackening of the water protesters , all too often we receive regular reminders of how conservative this country is in it 's outlook . 
  why do you portray conservatism as only having bad elements ? 
  i do n't agree with the guy in op 's article , but there 's a distinct trend in / r/ireland of portraying conservatism as a huge monolithic evil . 
   or if you 're single , your future partner . 
  what if you do n't want a future partner ? 
  and ? 
  just ignore them . 
  as somebody who also has zero intention of having children , i think you 're making a mountain out of a molehill . 
  sjws are n't as monolithic as we make them out to be . 
  excellent . 
  i 'll take the hit on the vidya and anime , but the mlp was just a brief curiosity about a year ago . 
  like , i know i 'm autistic , but i 'm not * that * autistic . 
  if we could just be serious for a moment , what exactly is wrong with what i 'm saying ? 
  to be fair , it 's a long time since somebody so successfully pulled off a rickroll of that magnitude . 
  are you talking about the revised anon/mexibro subs ? 
  is n't mexibro releasing a revised edition of the subs though ? 
  even / a / is n't as obsessed with her as / r/anime is though . 
  as debatable as that may be , i * never * want to hear you badmouthing chip skylark again !, 
   of his time, 
  i think you mean * of all time * . 
  it has n't been as bad as / r/anime in my experience . 
  or maybe i 've just gained the ability to mentally filter posts i 'm not interested in after all these years . 
  i guess if i do n't see the word `` hestia '' in the title it 's just not going to click with me . 
  i do n't even watch the show , but i like the waves she 's making on the internet from a pure entertainment perspective . 
  i only subscribe to the vice news youtube channel , and i get quality content the vast majority of the time . 
  the rest of vice media does n't interest me , but i 've heard dodgy-sounding things . 
  for the level of `` humiliation '' the woman received , it 's actually quite high . 
  any normal person would just forget about it and go about their day . 
  this is only further confirmation that american litigation culture is seeping into ireland . 
  people need to learn that you do n't have to sue for every bad little thing that happens to you . 
   so you 're telling me if you got on the bus , paid the fare and then were told to get off despite paying ? 
  then when you protest against it he makes a show of you , you 'd just politely walk off and wait for the next one ? 
  pretty much , yeah . 
  i 'd be pissed , but i can handle it . 
   cork has a better balance between `` craic '' and calm - galway just loves mental, 
  very true . 
  even their rag weeks at nuig is off the charts ( even though it 's no longer official ) . 
   galway people are friendlier ( it 's just a fucking opinion people , calm down ), 
  i 've never understood how people can make this distinction between places in ireland . 
  i 've been all over the country and as long as you 're not a prick and know how to talk to people , people are as friendly in any county as they are anywhere else . 
  except dublin . 
  only dubs seem to get along with dubs broadly speaking . 
  a different breed . 
  cork is my favourite place in the country to be during the summer . 
  but like everywhere on this island , it 's pretty miserable during the winter . 
  personally speaking , the greatest asset cork offers is that despite being a city , virtually everything is in walking ( and now cycling ) distance . 
  very compact city centre , unlike dublin . 
   cork floods just about every year, 
  big plans are underway to fix that . 
  but when they 'll be implemented is anybody 's guess . 
  there was n't too much flooding at all this winter though . 
  being that tiny bit more south surely has a bit of an effect on cork too . 
   cork people think they 're special and they want you to acknowledge that . 
  all . 
  the . 
  time . 
  non-corkonian living in cork for almost a decade . 
  i rarely if ever come across that . 
  the exception being when cork are in some big gaa fixture . 
  traffic is n't great in cork either ( probably better than galway though ) , and it shows no signs of improving under recently revealed plans by the council . 
   cork can be a very `` serious '' place to be, 
  what exactly do you mean by that ? 
  i wish i could have 10k for moaning . 
  i work a law-related job , lad . 
  believe me , the number of petty cases like this has skyrocketed in the past 15 or so years . 
  i saw the figures there at christmas time when i was researching something . 
   maybe it 's something that kicks in when they 're not in cork ? 
  most likely , yes . 
  hence why it should n't be an issue when living in cork . 
   fact is , our legislation does not allow for american style litigation , for better and or worse . 
  we have caps , a book of quantum , a bar on contingencies etc. 
  i 'm well aware of that .
