  in my day that was called `` being a dick '' , not a fucking `` micro-aggression '' . 
  is it too much to ask that tumblr-tier phrases do n't become part of mainstream vocabulary ? 
  saw him give a very good ( albeit brief ) interview on rt\u00c9 news after the paris attacks . 
  seems to have his head screwed on about islamic extremism anyway . 
  fair point . 
  still , `` micro-aggression '' reeks of the less * grounded * elements of the social justice movement . 
  with that i can wholeheartedly agree . 
  *** there 's no time !!!, 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  i do n't think he 's an asshole to be fair - just stupid . 
   my point is that the `` limitation '' of giving birth to and raising children is preventing women form entering the political sphere . 
  er , maybe choose between your political aspirations and having kids then ? 
  seems like a fairly simple choice to me . 
  biology . 
  deadly serious . 
  the feminist concept of `` you can have it all '' is a barefaced lie that lacks any foundation in reality . 
  very few women do manage to `` have it all '' . 
  and those few that do did so without gender quotas . 
  because it 's undemocratic . 
  under the quota system you 're holding political parties to ransom unless they choose an arbitrary number of women as candidates . 
  the government should n't be allowed interfere like that in the candidate selection processes of political parties . 
   no one is talking about them having it all , just a fair crack of the whip id say, 
  being a politician and having a family would definitely fall under the traditional feminist definition of `` having it all '' . 
   tell me , and you do n't have to give details of course , but do you have any women in your life ? 
  mother ? 
  wife ? 
  sister ? 
  daughter ? 
  i can tell you one thing for certain ; the women in my life have enough pride to be repulsed by the idea of a woman being chosen as a political candidate purely because of her gender . 
   do you want the ball and chain for them or would you like them to have and equal shot at whatever it is they aspire to ? 
  choices have to be made in life . 
  you ca n't have everything you want due to various constraints . 
  ah yes , the dismissal of valid points by pretending the person making them is outdated and behind the times ... 
  no , biology requires that women are the only gender that have to make a decision between * physically * having kids and not doing so . 
  because they have made arrangements for their children to be taken care of while they work ? 
  i fail to see why women ca n't do the same . 
  they playing field is already level - quotas merely treat a symptom , not the cause of the gender imbalance in irish politics . 
   they can afford childcare biology is a mute point, 
  very true . 
   party selection is undemocratic . 
  you have a very narrow understanding of what the word `` democratic '' means . 
   and if i am following you linking party funding to a metric is undemocratic . 
  an arbitrary metric that gives women an unnecessary advantage . 
   they are n't interfering in candidate selction process , some parties chose to actively recruit and groom female candidates so they would have strong contenders . 
  which is perfectly fine , because they * chose * to do so of their own accord . 
  they were n't forced to with the threat that they would be stripped of funding otherwise . 
  but surely it 's undemocratic for the state to involve itself in how political parties choose their candidates ? 
  implying that the women selected on the basis of their gender alone will be any better . 
   there are already laws in place governing who can and can not run for election, 
  and personally i 'd be opposed to some of the pre-existing ones too . 
   a little more transparency or regulation would n't hurt, 
  transparency , yes . 
  but if the regulation amounts to the state threatening to remove state funding unless they make an arbitrary number of their candidates female is just a degree of control i 'm not comfortable with . 
   of all the things to push for , `` 30 % women candidates '' is pretty inoffensive, 
  but why ? 
  it does n't treat the cause of gender imbalance in irish politics and gives women an unfair advantage in getting party candidacy . 
  who cares ? 
   we earned it, 
  i fail to see how what we did made us worthy of such a curse . 
  what exactly is the point of the cover over the f2000 optic ? 
  it seems very bulky ( for what is already a rather bulky weapon ) . 
  this ... might actually work . 
  i can just imagine isis getting pissed off at this sorta thing . 
  that 's exactly how i imagine it will play out . 
  finally , the age of war has been supplanted by the age of memes . 
  quality pun , but to be fair it 's only when this one ship is posted ( unless you count that period when the anime was airing and there was an influx of ijn posts to this subreddit ) . 
  i 'm not ashamed to admit though that i would n't know the names of the ijn ships half as well as i do were it not for kancolle . 
   and it was shut down by the eu anyway . 
  was it ? 
  i did n't hear about that . 
   not being a devout catholic, 
  it 's like you want the sjws to win . 
  / r/atheism is leaking - again . 
  contrarianism is one of the core tenants of 4chan . 
  but i do n't read the daily mail . 
   not being a core tenant of 4chan, 
  do you even 4chan , m8 ? 
   because improvement in people 's lives is seen as secondary to ideological purity, 
  damn straight !, 
   youtube `` career '', 
  he prefers the term `` avid anime internet faggot '' . 
  huh , the the `` loadinguuuu '' bit was from idolm@ster? 
  i always wondered where it came from . 
   1 vid every months . 
  i think you made a typo there , but you probably ended up being more accurate . 
  i watched his entire bloodborne playthrough even though i have no interest in the game simply because of how entertaining and likable he is . 
  the `` i missed it again !, 
  i missed the kiiiiid - '' was the highlight for me to be honest . 
  i also like getting to see the random crap demo has lying about when we see footage from inside his house . 
  i find digibro to be incredibly pretentious and grating . 
  i do n't mind arkada that much though as he moreso recommends rather than actually critiques to any significant degree . 
  it 's about average for demo . 
  nah , that title has been taken by roses now . 
  why would somebody to this ? 
  demo 's twitch channel . 
  there 's a link to it in the description of most his videos . 
   ` cutesy ' looking anime . 
  nothing with such freakishly large ears could be described as `` cutesy '' in my eyes . 
  but the twist was the best thing about rebellion . 
  yeah , the second one .
