  believe me , i 'm fine . 
  i 'm almost 30 now and i do n't think these particular views have negatively impacted on my life at all . 
  just because i do n't find the recent cultural shift with regard to sex and sexuality appealing does n't mean there is something mentally wrong with me . 
  frankly i find it rather insulting and narrow-minded that you would think such a thing . 
  thanks . 
  glad you understand . 
  you do realise that i already stated that i do n't hold these views due to religious belief or anything of the sort ? 
  so maybe get off your anti-catholic soapbox and stop talking about things that i made no reference to . 
   like raising taxes on corporations, 
  so you want to fuck the economy over even more than fianna f\u00e1il did ? 
  it 's low to attract investment . 
  and it works . 
  taxation is n't the * only * deciding factor on where multinationals go . 
  this is pretty simple stuff . 
  your lack of understanding of economics and taxation defies belief . 
  i think you guys are severely overestimating the number of ouldies that would ( a ) follow that debate , or ( b ) actually let the outcome influence their preconceived notions . 
  actually saw this thread , but i was caught for time and did n't get to read it in full . 
  it seems legit though , and i hope they manage to run with it . 
  strap in boys , this could be a fun ride !, 
  it does now . 
  i 'm not 100 % sure what the oldfag was getting at there . 
  was he implying that the chinese bribed the nobel committee ? 
  or did they just pay for publicity for the scientist so he might get nominated ? 
  dae think people who vote no are idiots with no worth as human beings ? 
  ** edit : ** apparently people in / r/ireland do have such views about their fellow human beings, 
  thanks . 
  did anything further become of it ? 
  wow , you 're exactly the kind of person we were talking about in that thread yesterday regarding the kind of people on this subreddit who are ruining the place . 
  so in other words `` people who do n't hold the exact same opinion as me have no worth as human beings '' . 
  that 's a pretty shitty thing to say about a large portion of irish society and highlights your immaturity as you seemingly ca n't handle the idea of people not agreeing with you . 
  that 's the case with most referenda . 
  they 're entitled to exercise their vote as citizens of the state . 
  nobody expects you to respect their opinions . 
  treating them like human beings should be a basic requirement otherwise you 're being a hypocrite . 
  then you 're as immature as you claim they are . 
  why would you be proud that you 're making this subreddit a worse place to be ? 
  that 's a bit if grey area since he sorta gets permission from hood to go to the ark in the end , but in the chief 's arc of the escalation comics , he actively disobeys hood 's order to go on leave for some r&r after his mission on gamma halo . 
  he lies to the rest of blue team and tells them that hood ordered them to continue working wherever they are needed . 
   i 'm also kind of confused about why oni does n't simply distance themselves from the spartan ii program . 
  it 's mentioned many times in the traviss books how much everyone else in oni hates halsey and her program . 
  why not reveal , distance and damage control rather than this propaganda with giraud ? 
  the spartan program is simply too big . 
  the one thing the public knows about oni is that they have eyes and ears everywhere . 
  they 're not going to buy that oni knew nothing about a morally corrupt supersoldier program on the scale of the spartan 2 project . 
  so while i imagine ( as per the traviss books ) that oni * is * in fact trying to distance themselves from the program , this is most likely just to placate the top brass in the unsc ( pin the blame on halsey as much as possible , and unsc high command wo n't be even more suspicious of oni going forward ) and a contingency plan in case the smokescreen with the public ever fails . 
   personally i do n't think there 'd be as much of a backlash against oni as they think there would be . 
  maybe some temporary unrest , but i think the majority of people would n't care or even know about the fact that sii came into being during the insurrection . 
  i do n't think anyone at oni , even their pr squad , is under the illusion that they are a beloved organization in the first place . 
  they exist out of necessity and nothing else . 
  even today governments and intelligence organisations keep secrets that the average person would likely not bat an eyelid at if they knew about them . 
  in the case of the spartan 2 program , you have to remember that oni likes keeping out of the public eye . 
  being behind the spartan 2 program would bring them a lot of unwanted attention . 
   then should n't have a vote . 
  oh boy , here we go . 
  advocating that certain citizens should n't have the right to vote ? 
  your hypocrisy is hilarious . 
  and / r/ireland only . 
  yes , but i was n't questioning that . 
   that 's the bit i ca n't wrap my head around . 
  where in the legislation is it stated that gardai can stop you from travelling abroad to do something that is perfectly legal in the country you 're travelling to ? 
  i imagine it 's like travelling to the uk for an abortion . 
  is that not a legal grey area ? 
   the only reason i care about this is because of the continuing ongoing harassment of women online . 
  women are harassed online no more than men are . 
  women just complain about it more ; they expect the internet to be like real life , when anybody with a dose of common sense knows that it 's not . 
  weird that it took so long to infest / r/ireland . 
  who the fuck actually bothered to link this ? 
  you have a very odd definition of `` drama '' whoever you are . 
  huh , that 's a bit of hypocrisy in the law then . 
  i 'm not a person who has a particular problem with exporting problems like abortion and assisted suicide when there 's no political appetite to tackle them , but having one law regarding travelling abroad for an abortion and another for assisted suicide seems rather stupid . 
  i 'm just saying that just because they 're well known on / r/ireland does n't mean that they 're well known in the greater public domain . 
  it 's a well known fact that / r/ireland is not representative of ireland at large . 
  / r/ireland just has a serious problem coming to terms with it . 
  that 's a pretty large assumption to make . 
  personally i think both irish men * and * women are a sinfully ugly bunch of people . 
  my good self being one of them . 
  how so ? 
  i respect other people and do n't believe that they 're less than human for holding different opinions than my own . 
  but he had to bring it to where it was parked . 
  really ? 
  i would have said the opposite . 
  most of us are well aware of what the country does badly and how badly it does them . 
  is n't that entirely subjective though ? 
  i personally love what traditional dishes we have . 
   banshees are fighter/attackers that are meant to control airspace and bomb targets . 
  that requires them to fly pretty fast , and ex-atmosphere , they fly as fast a sabre , which goes pretty fast . 
  but unlike a sabre , they can also fly very slowly in atmosphere , almost to the point of hovering . 
   like `` the package '' ( `` let 's sprint this '' ), 
  and that was arguably more realistic and awesome than what we saw in locke 's trailer . 
  problem is , unlike me , you state your opinions as fact . 
   however , i feel that in our day to day left we do n't have the same attitude towards food as other countries . 
  what exactly do you mean ? 
  if they ca n't track you , they ca n't prosecute you . 
  i would hate for ireland to end up like sweden or france . 
  two countries that pursued different policies for handling immigration and it backfired in their faces regardless . 
  then again , expecting ireland to come up with a policy to effectively manage immigration where other countries failed is wishful thinking as far as i 'm concerned . 
  yeah , because it 's * always * the fault of the nato forces that those places are shitholes / s, 
  good for you . 
  yeah , a lot of them are from somalia and eritrea . 
  europe was ridiculously good at colonisation during times when the european nations were regularly at war with each other .
