  beats me . 
  tech support ? 
   civic duty, 
  ha , what a naive little idea in the world we live in . 
  also , what 's wrong with paying taxes where they are lower ? 
  it 's common sense . 
  you 're an angry young , man . 
  even if i ignore the idiocy that is comparing slavery to tax laws , slavery is illegal worldwide ( unless you count some ass-backwards places ) . 
  what ireland is doing is legal on a global scale . 
  you do n't play ets for the scenery . 
  at least most people do n't . 
  what you 're saying does n't make any sense . 
  so it 's illegal for other countries to lower their tax rates and facilitate multinational companies ? 
  til . 
   it 's not just about the tax percentage . 
  it 's this bullshit : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/double_irish_arrangement, 
  hence why i also mentioned facilitating multinationals - not just the lower tax rate . 
  that said , it 's not illegal . 
  plenty of other countries could do the same if they wanted to ( although i doubt the eu would allow any within its borders to start doing it now ), 
  found the ineffective hunger striker , guys !, 
   it is the same as legalizing slavery . 
  yeah , we 're done here . 
  i ca n't talk to somebody * this * stupid . 
  it is if the governments want to do it . 
  look it up . 
  just because other countries do n't do something , does n't necessarily make it illegal . 
  fucking teenagers on reddit thinking they know it all . 
  as i said , only an idiot would compare the human oppression that is slavery to tax laws . 
  i hope that you some day have the self-awareness to realise that . 
  what 's there to `` win '' ? 
  i 'm usually a fan of rte news , but i think their reporting has become rather sloppy lately . 
  one example that comes to mind happened in the wake of the malaysian airliner being shot down in the ukraine . 
  they showed footage of what they claimed were mourners at the airport the plane took off from in the netherlands , when it was actually images of ukrainians placing flowers at the dutch embassy in kiev . 
   the first thing that comes to mind is a legal right for abortions to be performed in ireland . 
  google savita halappanavar for a very tragic account of what happens when you let the the god brigade legislate . 
  abortion is n't a solely religious issue in ireland . 
   why are you boycotting israel and not us goods ? 
  oh yeah , that would actually make your life hard, 
  because being angry with israel is the trendy thing at the moment ? 
  once the gazan conflict simmers down a bit , the bandwagon `` activists '' will move on to some other cause they want to feel self righteous about . 
  you have too much time on your hands . 
   the movement is growing , and the more it does , the more pressure it places on this rogue state . 
  ha , are you really that naive ? 
  jesus , you people just love thinking you have some moral high ground . 
   i think the point is that israelis elect their government , and if they feel the pinch of a boycott maybe they 'll pick a different government than one that makes people around the world boycott israeli goods . 
  you 're an idiot if you think this would actually work in a country as dogmatic as israel . 
  jeez , the israeli embassy needs a new it department . 
  those images look like they were edited in ms paint . 
  now now , lets not get into an ad-block debate . 
  it 's pointless since both sides have heavily entrenched opinions on the matter . 
  to be fair , gaza is a massively high density area in terms of populations and buildings . 
  it would be very difficult to conduct military action there even with the most advanced weaponry without collateral damage . 
  also , hamas has a habit of hiding its weapons and high ranking personnel in locations where they can use civilians as shields . 
  eh , they 're always be a work-around if websites go pay-per-use . 
  i can already get around most existing ones . 
  ~ ~ life ~ ~ the internet finds a way . 
  just like halo . 
  we 're all on reddit - a certain level of time wasting in our lives is a given . 
  but looking at the numbers on barcodes just strikes me as pointless . 
  there will always be plenty of people who do n't know about/don ' t use adblock - they can watch the ads so we do n't have to . 
  seriously , even if most sites go pay-to-view , most people will just migrate to smaller , free sites . 
  nobody in their right mind will trump up money to visit their favourite websites . 
  i would n't even do it for reddit , and i love reddit . 
   and that `` way '' will be pay blocks and content that is watered down , with the option to `` upgrade '' . 
  when i said `` the internet finds a way '' , i meant people will find a method of getting around pay walls , even if they are server based . 
  there are some amazing hackers out there who would be willing to do that , and they would quite likely make their methods available to the public . 
  similar things have happened in the past . 
  remember when the uk porn filter had a work-around within 24 hours of it being launched ? 
  do you even know where you are ? 
   this wo n't happen if it is server side and the service is tied to a paid account . 
  while the odd hacker may find a way - his/her method wo n't be available for use by the general public . 
  time to start fine-tuning my computer skills then . 
  because i sure as hell ai n't paying extra to use the internet . 
   paywalls are different in the sense that you ca n't get through unless the site believes that you are operating an account that has a valid subscription . 
  i 've seen people get onto sites with a set-up like this before . 
  i genuinely do think that somebody will find a way around the server-side blocks of the future and then it will only be a matter of time until it trickles down . 
  like , i run quite a bit of software made by random people on the internet with better computer skills than myself in order to get around certain obstacles on the internet - and i 'm not talking about just browser extensions . 
  i like to think doctors have a higher professional standard than to laugh in the face of a patient . 
  i was n't arguing that israel is a rogue state - it very obviously is . 
  i was saying that your `` movement '' will have little to no impact on israel . 
  if you think it will , you are incredibly naive . 
  okay then , i see your point . 
  that said , there are a lot ( i 'd wager the vast majority ) of internet users who will not pay to access a website . 
  like , will the website owners not be shooting themselves in the foot ? 
  thanks . 
  should be easy enough to convert . 
  as long as mircrosoft do n't monitor what i 'm actually watching ( i would n't put it past them ) . 
  as long as israel has america guarding their backs , the entire world could hate the israeli 's guts , and they 'd still do whatever they like . 
  urgh , i know this is just my personal experience , but medical students are some of the most pretentious and arrogant people i ever met , and the idea of people like that getting big money when they 're qualified just pisses me off . 
  but once a site makes the switch , that would be the moment people like me stop using it . 
  did n't think of it like that . 
  just to clarify , it 's not like i 'm watching porn or anything - just some torrented files . 
  it 's on the chrome web store - just google adblock plus ( adblock plus is made by different company to adblock , but i consider it the better of the two ), 
  i. ... i do n't know . 
  residual catholic guilt ? 
  i 'd admire them if they were doing anything that required any proper sacrifice or would have any tangible effect on israel . 
   and an israeli company not selling something is an effect, 
  only to have any losses they make written off by american subsidies . 
  so it is rather pointless , and the people doing it are only doing so for some sense of self-righteousness . 
  i luckily got my regular driving licence right before that mandatory 12 lessons bullshit came in ( biggest money racket i 've ever seen ) .
