  taking a note from the book of the people who organise the anti-water charges protests . 
  in what capacity exactly ? 
  i do n't get why she 's so hated though , and i 've been here for years . 
   regulation would have alowed that girl to be more responcible while being irrisponcible . 
  so you admit that she was still being irresponsible ? 
  was a contributing factor how she died not that she took too many of the pills ? 
   dont reply . 
  i 'd say many of them would struggle to point to greece on a map . 
  but it 's not on tonight . 
  is watching crimecall somehow a bad thing though ? 
  ff 's may be more stomach churning , but sf 's make populist promises that do n't even make sense ( especially in terms of economics ) . 
  til watching crimecall makes you dull . 
  interesting ... 
   you litter this place with single sentences informing us how against the grain of / r/ireland you are , without explaining a bloody thing . 
  i explain plenty . 
  i just see little point in repeating myself short of keeping a ms word document with saved posts about my positions on various things just to please the more whiny members of / r/ireland . 
  as for what `` progression '' is for a conservative , i do n't think i 'm in any position to say so - at least not in any definite terms . 
  i 'm no more a conservative than i am a liberal . 
  i believe that ardently subscribing to one school of thought to the exclusion of others is short-sighted and ignorant . 
   petty, 
  was n't aware that murder and armed robbery were considered petty crimes . 
  i 'm learning so much !, 
  not always . 
  it 's more fun this way . 
  gas thing is , i 've answered this question on this subreddit in the past , so it 's inaccurate to accuse me of not having an answer . 
   well i would argue that pro-abortion is n't really a fair/accurate description since it implies simply advocating more abortions when that 's not what the movement is about , it 's about advocating for the choice to have one or not . 
  they 're * for * the choice of abortion , whereas the opposing side is * against * the choice of abortion . 
  hence pro-abortion and anti-abortion are perfectly fine . 
   i 'm ok with a bit of bias in the media, 
  only when it affirms your own beliefs , am i right ? 
  i do n't deny that , but for a catchy , argument-defining title your options are effectively pro choice vs. anti-choice , or pro abortion vs. anti-abortion . 
  the first one is far too ambiguous and could be applied to many things that are n't abortion . 
  the latter option is very clear yet * technically * is n't inaccurate if you look at it from the perspective of both sides opposing each other on whether abortion should be legalised , not the more emotional issue of whether a woman should have a choice . 
  must be a blast being ignorant , eh ? 
  i do n't believe i 've displayed ignorance anywhere on this thread , but i 'm open to being contradicted on that . 
  and thanks - you would n't believe how hard it is to keep your karma up when / r/ireland is full of people like yourself who downvote anything that doesnt conform with their specific worldview . 
  quite the debater , are n't you ? 
  contribution , yes . 
  positive contribution ? 
  using similar experiences from the past to colour one 's view of future events is hardly ignorant . 
  it 's what humans have done for thousands of years and was fundamental in our progression on as species . 
  if you want to go against that , be my guest . 
  how 's middleschool going ? 
  that 's a fairly comprehensive comment from an illiterate person . 
  well done , m8 . 
  you seem angry , lad . 
  does the fact that somebody does n't share your views on drug legalisation make you upset ? 
   actually that is ingorance . 
  you 're gon na have to justify that statement . 
  without backing it up it comes of as rather ... * smarmy * . 
  ... then why have bothered to engage me in pointless conversation ? 
  and you called my life dull ... 
  well done though , `` calling me out '' on whatever it was i was supposedly doing has achieved absolutely nothing . 
  this is a stupid question if ever there was one . 
   did you enjoy yourself too ? 
  i doubt it . 
  you sure do make a lot of assumptions . 
  quit getting your knickers in a twist about things that do n't really matter . 
  the church 's power is on the decline now anyway so just let things run their course . 
  [ whatever you say , lad . 
   unless we remain vigilant they 'll be back with a vengeance . 
  ah come on now , they 're not the fucking empire from star wars . 
  there is n't . 
  it 's a sad fact , but do n't let anybody tell you otherwise . 
  hola is loaded with malware . 
  avoid like the plague . 
  sad thing is , competent alternatives are few and far between . 
  hola is loaded with malware - you should not use it unless you want to negatively affect the performance of your computer . 
  jesus christ , how many times do you people need to be told that hola is full of malware ? 
  seriously , this has been known for almost a year now . 
  that 's a bit of a stretch . 
  it 's not a dodge if i genuinely do n't know the answer , is it ? 
  like , i could take a stab at it , but the only reason i 'm more familiar with the liberal take on progression is because / r/ireland and reddit in general never stop circlejerking about it . 
  i have n't been a brony in over a year . 
  and even when i was , my involvement with the fandom was minimal as my post history will attest to . 
  i like animation and such , and i was drawn to the art style of the show . 
  nice personal attack though . 
  when you have to dig through somebody 's post history to find ammo to attack them with , you know you 're succeeding . 
  if only i could be as good at debating as you ... 
  not sensitive - just clarifying . 
  if i was sensitive about it , i would have tried to hide my tracks . 
  no , met some good people in that community . 
  it was just a bit too weird for me in the end though . 
  i would n't be pushing for drug reform myself because i do n't consider it an important issue . 
  but were marijuana to be legalised , i 'd be fine with that . 
  anything further though and i 'd start taking issue with it . 
  essentially . 
  it may be one of my social conservative traits , but as i said i 'm not * opposed * to * all * drug reform . 
  weed is less harmful than alcohol from where i 'm standing , and at the very least legalisation would stop / r/ireland religiously upvoting every post even vaguely related drug legalisation . 
  but i just do n't consider the issue of legalisation to be important or pretinent enough ( to me at least ) to warrant any serious investment of time and energy ( or money ) . 
   felt bad for the kids . 
  would you say the same if they were at a pro-choice rally ? 
   slam on the breaks the next time someone does that to you , fuck that shit !, 
  what dick head does this to a new driver ? 
  that 's just as dangerous as tailgating . 
  got any examples ? 
  that 's fair enough . 
  any chance i can find the original of that kancolle one from the compilation ? 
  i 'm having trouble finding it . 
  your bias is showing .
