  they are the greatest weapon in the ueg 's arsenal and could be easily used against sapient sunrise just like they were deployed against the insurrectionists of old . 
  so despite obvious respect for the mc and what he did for humanity , fero and ss need him gone . 
  and the only way to do that is to discredit him to the point where the ueg and oni view him ( and the spartan iis in general ) as a liability . 
  fortunately for her , the chief turned up and foiled one of her plans in a manner that could easily be twisted to portray him in a very negative light . 
  as for del rio , well he 's still bitter about the events of halo 4 . 
  also , he 's a newbie senator . 
  he needs to make a name for himself to progress his political career . 
  i do n't think oni expected their chance to replace del rio to present itself so soon though . 
  [ it 's no gif ] ( http://fc02.deviantart.net/fs71/f/2013/135/9/8/master_chef_by_dekanuva-d65eu3d.png ) , but it 's the best i could find at short notice . 
  that 's what i thought too . 
  admittedly i 've been guilty of going with the flow on this one though . 
  [ here 's a list ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/halostory/comments/345w5p/do_we_have_two_many_spartan_iis_in_the_canon/ ) i made on that topic . 
  not that ss would be above claiming otherwise i imagine . 
   i really do n't think fero has any issues with chief, 
  i never said she did . 
  but he is an undeniable obstacle to her cause . 
   nor the sangheili . 
  if she 's the leader of ss ( which everybody appears to be assuming ) , would she not dislike all aliens by default though ? 
   i doubt oni/ueg would be that concerned by humanist nationalists, 
  i disagree . 
  they have a better chance of winning support for their cause than insurrectionists and they have the potential to jepardise both the ueg 's and oni 's relations/operations with the former-covenant races . 
  they may also prove difficult or impossible to control . 
   there 's nothing like a common enemy to bind would-be rivals together . 
  neither the ueg nor oni * wants * to fight the covenant races again though . 
  read the comics . 
  following htt without having at least watched halocanon 's summaries of each issue serves only to create a diluted experience . 
   this is the first i 've seen anyone assume that . 
  pretty much everybody in this thread is making that assumption and i do n't see why it would be illogical to do so . 
  it would n't be the first time we 've made assumptions and speculated . 
   chief does n't have to be an obstacle to her cause . 
  it would be a gross miscalculation for any strategist in her position not to factor him into her plans . 
  the mc and the spartan iis are an impregnable force that could decimate ss 's plans or the plans of any insurrection . 
   besides that , he 's not working for the unsc anymore . 
  i 'd be skeptical as to how informed fero is on the specifics of that . 
   discrediting him in their eyes would do nothing to get rid of him . 
  yes it would . 
  if he is discredited , the ueg and oni are more likely to view him as a liability . 
   and the unsc more than likely know the actual details of what took place anyway, 
  that 's irrelevant . 
  they ca n't put the truth out there because it would only serve to publicize ss . 
  that 's why biko is on lockdown - containment . 
   implying that war was truly about religion, 
  wow , this comment is a whole new level of ignorant . 
   so you 're saying that it 's okay to just assume that fero is the leader of the ss without any evidence ? 
  the only thing that could possibly link her is the possession of the video , and that is much more likely due to her having a contact on biko . 
  2 weeks ago loads of people were assuming that fero was halsey . 
  assumptions will be made on scant evidence . 
  some will transpire to be true , other 's wo n't . 
  that 's the way these things work until we are provided with more concrete evidence . 
   she can factor him into her plans without assuming that he 's the enemy . 
  there 's zero evidence to suggest that he might an ally . 
   even if she did n't already know ( which is doubtful , considering that she can hack oni with relative ease ) , his appearance on biko is enough to make the connection . 
  his appearance on biko proves that he would n't be helpful to her cause though . 
   how ? 
  how would they be more likely to view him as a liability when they know perfectly well that he did n't do any of that ? 
  she can convince the ignorant public , but she ca n't convince those who know the truth . 
  trying to keep the spartan ii program afloat is already going to be difficult enough with ben 's evidence . 
  the last thing oni needs is the public turning against it . 
   biko is on lockdown because the ueg is covering the fact that they ignored requests for backup , that 's stated pretty clearly in the episode . 
  but do you not find the ueg 's reaction odd ? 
  denying a request for further security for a diplomatic meeting on some far flung colony is not so serious that you need to let the mc and the spartan ii program as a whole be tarnished just to hide it . 
  c'mon , that much should be obvious . 
  history repeats itself if you fail to learn from it . 
  great , thanks for reminding me of how young some of the people i interact with on / r/ireland are . 
  sure explains a lot . 
  about what exactly ? 
  wow , people not getting that reference ... 
  right ... 
  then you should be familiar with the traitorous spartan ivs . 
  you do realise the troubles in northern ireland actually had incredibly little to do with religion ? 
  please educate yourself . 
   i do n't think i ever will . 
  then you do n't need to know what / b / is . 
  somebody was on / eire / last night . 
  oh boy , this is gon na be good ... 
   there is a whole genre of fiction asking that exact question . 
   who are you working for fero !?!, 
  either the nco or ss . 
  last week i was pretty sure it was ss , but now i 'm not as certain . 
  ss does n't strike me as an organisation that 's particularly widespread at this point in time , whereas the nco is known to be surging in the outer colonies at a rate not seen since before the human-covenant war . 
  in today 's episode fero mentions that her organisation has expansive operations in the outer colonies , which is why i 'm leaning towards the nco now . 
  is next week the finale or is there no confirmation on when that will be yet ? 
  i initially though so too , but the nco seem like they 'd be willing to work with aliens to achieve their goals ( was there not an example of this in one of the escalation comics ? 
  i ca n't quite remember ) where as ss stand against all things alien . 
  wait , how do we know ss are anti-siis again ? 
  yes , but one of the core values of ss is human superiority . 
  if the nco prove to be willing to work with aliens , that would prevent any alliance between them and ss . 
  eh , that does n't strike me as something that would make them turn on siis to be honest . 
  if anything , human supremacists would be more likely to whitewash the arbiter out of the mc 's achievements . 
   when you 're a terrorist , you do n't really get to be picky . 
  they tend to be picky about your core values though . 
   also , they might not know they 're working with aliens . 
  maybe , but given the intelligence networks of these terrorist groups , it does n't seem likely . 
   he is the political figure for the ss, 
  he is ? 
  well for the record , it 's not me . 
  because i know i 'd be the prime suspect . 
  perhaps ? 
  you normies just ca n't resist ruining stuff for others , can you ? 
  what do you expect from a woman ?
