  please strongly consider leaving . 
  tumblr would widely be considered online feminism 's primary hub . 
  well , that and twitter . 
   why have `` straight '' as the default ? 
  but , heterosexuality * is * the default . 
  homosexuality is an outlier ; `` abnormal '' in the strictest definition of the term . 
  fine , but do n't be surprised if there is hostility towards you and your ignorant views . 
  sjws are possibly to worst thing to happen to the internet in recent years . 
  it 's almost unfortunate that i remember when a time when your kind did n't have an online presence . 
   how are the republicans still around when no one on reddit supports them ? 
  there 's a huge republican presence on reddit . 
  they just keep their mouths shut most the time due to the liberal majority . 
  but that 's besides point . 
  all i was saying is that all the major social media and aggregator websites , tumblr is the one with the greatest population of feminists , hence why i called it an online feminist hub . 
  making ill-informed statements about wage gaps certainly is . 
   eventually that kind of talk has to be brought up . 
  i do n't see why it * has * to . 
  / a / is solid proof that a community can survive without ever discussing social justice issues . 
  easily halo 3 's best mission , and definitely in the top 3 of the entire franchise . 
  it had everything that makes halo great . 
  and it could be very tricky if even one thing went wrong for you . 
  like running out of frg and spartan laser ammo on the beach . 
  or arriving at the top of the towers with a poor set of weapons and having the face off against top tier brutes with only spikers and those crappy halo 3 needlers . 
  or having your hornet ( s ) taken out when facing off against the two scarabs and hoofing it back to cliff under constant scarab fire , praying that your scorpion had n't been destroyed by the marines . 
  johnson fucking up again though ... 
  you 're 100 % correct , but i 've had this argument before with these people . 
  the / r/ireland hivemind does n't care about opposing opinions . 
  only their own views matter . 
  mw1 has it 's share of modders and such . 
  not as bad as world at war though . 
   i honestly hate cats, 
  are you 12 years old or something ? 
   this romania-bashing western european circlejerk is getting really old , really . 
  to be fair , as long as romania reminds economically behind the eu core , that 's going to continue to happen . 
  you would require a best friend first . 
  but if i recall correctly , johnson was maneuvering in atmosphere under the influence of gravity . 
  i somehow imagine that is more complicated than spaceflight for a craft far bigger than any airborne vehicle in production today . 
  that ed is amazing !, 
  i was underwhelmed by the new op and last week 's ed , but they both got blown out of the water this week . 
  does one have to understand moonspeak to get that joke ? 
   it 's also possible the course was pre-programmed . 
  maybe , but johnson had intended to land much closer to the control room until cortana told him `` safe is better than close '' . 
  he would have had to alter the course . 
  how severely damaged was the lesser ark though ? 
  i suppose that 's understandable alright . 
  yeah . 
  it 's not necessarily bad , but it just does n't do anything for me . 
  are the vong canon any more ? 
  why would you marry a feminist who uses tumblr ? 
  good . 
  i always thought they were a poor addition to the franchise . 
  but palpatine knew they were coming . 
   anakin had hints of it with his lambent crystal lightsaber . 
  wait , anakin 's light-saber was different to regular ones ? 
  easy enough level provided you maintain the volume and balance of your forces as you climb the hill . 
  if i recall correctly however , the flood can be a significant nuisance on higher difficulties . 
  unlike most the covenant forces , they ignore your units and tend to attack the reactor directly . 
  healing ray ( or whatever it 's called ) is a godsend on this level . 
  also , dangling the reactor between 2 pelicans was never gon na work , cutter . 
  are you sure ? 
  just woke up in the last hour to the sound of my 27 year old roommate watching spongebob at full volume in the kitchen . 
  and i was up until 3am finishing a report for work too . 
  at least i do n't have too much to do today though . 
  busy week ahead at work though . 
   anybody have any questions about the kig-yar homeworld they 'd like to see addressed ? 
  what is it about the planet that resulted in so many distinct breeds of kig-yar ? 
   catholicism is dying out, 
  that is a very naive statement . 
  also , lots of people still believe that sex outside marriage is wrong . 
  i think he might be getting at the fact that not everybody is obliged to follow a cultural shift . 
  like , plenty of people still feel that sex outside of marriage is wrong . 
  are they obliged to change their views because there has been a cultural shift ? 
  ** edit : ** i only answered the question . 
   i strongly hope that christianity will die out in ireland . 
  the sooner the better . 
  we can teach morals , and the difference between right and wrong without a dusty 2000 year old book written by abstinent men to control their populations . 
  getting a bit euphoric there , eh ? 
   because of guilt indoctrinated by a catholic school system . 
  actually i believe in it and my views have nothing to do with catholicism or guilt . 
  and so do plenty of other people around the world who are n't catholic . 
  i 'm one of those people who believes sex should be for procreation only . 
  i 'm not going to get into it though , because i 'll only get torn to pieces by people who think otherwise in this subreddit . 
  normally this would be crime worthy of crucification , but this place has gotten so bad lately i do n't blame you . 
  and the upcoming referendum is only making things worse . 
  it 's hard to make content or interesting discussion when / r/ireland is so suppressive of views they do n't agree with . 
  my sexuality has little to do with my views on this subject ( as far as i 'm aware anyway ) . 
  from my perspective , sex serves only one function ; procreation . 
  utilising it for any other purpose is hedonistic and contributes to the undue prominence of sex and sexuality in modern society . 
  dae think people who vote no are literal scum of the earth and have no worth as human beings ? 
  no , i 'm not going to force my views on others . 
  it 's a personal belief . 
  but i ca n't hide my disdain for how laissez faire society has become about sex and its purpose . 
  i hear she 's also the reason we lost the 6 northern counties to the british . 
  i do n't think you can empirically claim that . 
  they have virtually no relevant political power , so they 're joke in the same capacity that the green party is currently a joke . 
   and building the most notable left wing challenge in the country, 
  let me know if that gets anywhere , will ya ? 
  look , i made it clear that i did n't want to have this discussion in the first place . 
  i 'm already getting downvoted for answering the questions put to me . 
  this is a personal view that i 'm not pushing on anybody , so can we just leave it at that ?
