  i do n't think we should be lending much credence to their opinions on important issues . 
   you 're a clown and i 'm right . 
  that 's not how arguments work , buddy . 
  when somebody turns 20/21 , then their opinions start to matter because they have some life experience . 
  there is no point in taking the opinions of teenagers seriously . 
  well allow me to clarify for you then : i 'm not religious . 
  take the religious data from people 20 + , sure . 
  but do n't base it on teenagers who go through `` phases '' all the time . 
   i 'm not your buddy , argue the point you clown . 
  calm down , buddy . 
   their opinions do n't suddenly start to matter, 
  education + life experience = opinions that matter . 
   what they do n't do is suddenly start becoming religious, 
  anecdotal evidence . 
  i disagree . 
  and i think you are wrong . 
  is n't that lovely ? 
   but your whole argument is already one huge anecdote so why would i bother ? 
  i do n't think i 've used any anecdotes so far . 
   that 's one of the laziest tropes going , if you 're down to that , than you 're better off giving up . 
  just keeping things interesting for myself , bud - ... friend . 
  well i think it 's lovely - the symmetry is beautiful . 
  the last one definitely is n't an anecdote - it 's an opinion . 
  and the rest of them are well known facts about teenagers . 
  okay then . 
  enjoy !, 
   i do n't think you know the meaning of the word, 
   good night and good luck . 
  what do you mean ? 
  but we 're not discussing the theme of the vandalism - i was just informing the other guy of why vandalism is wrong . 
  it 's not really a discussion if he 's not making any good points . 
  nice 1 day old novelty account . 
  any minute now . 
  yeah , but how about them subs , eh ? 
  ... i was n't asking you to . 
  i was making the point that syd ovas take notoriously long to be subbed . 
  i think the syd thread on / a / finished subbing the second to most recent ova there last week . 
   so drawing on your own wall is no longer childish great . 
  it 's your wall - you can do whatever you want with it . 
   who gives a fuck if you could imagine this post coming up on / r/atheism ? 
  people like me . 
  i do n't want that shite being posted here . 
  personal preference . 
  unfortunately us individual redditors do n't get to decide what should and should n't be posted on a particular subreddit . 
  actually , it 's ultimately down to the decisions of the mods . 
  was n't the location of the hit critical in the british case though ? 
  interesting that these building rules were introduced in 2014 but nobody copped about the fireplaces until now . 
  first time i 've ever found myself agreeing with a healy rae though . 
  i read it in the examiner this morning . 
  it was on the front page . 
  you should have clarified your statements . 
  eh , it 's okay . 
  people with unpopular opinions should leave ? 
  this comment convinces me that i was right to assume that you are indeed a teenager . 
  just like your post , everything about it screams immaturity . 
  most of us do n't treat reddit like your secondary school popularity contests . 
  if i left / r/ireland every time i had an unpopular opinion , i 'd never be here . 
  grow up and learn that there are opinions other than those approved by / r/ireland . 
   tiger 's slower speed and hand-cranked traverse, 
  i thought tigers had powered turret traverse ? 
   but the fine laying had to be done manually with a crank-wheel . 
  ah yes , that makes sense . 
  similar to most variants of the pz iv . 
   so should we start picking on vegetarians now and calling them fussy eaters, 
  yes ? 
   what about gay couples who marry , should we tell them they are slaves to christian traditions, 
  well , i 've heard that argument being made ... 
   what about addicts ? 
  whingey , moaning feckers with no will power . 
  by all means call them that , but it wo n't achieve anything . 
  well , only for sanders supporters , i imagine . 
  i 'd find it abhorrent . 
  his chicken is finger-lickin ' good . 
  no memes allowed here . 
  you do n't pray before sex ? 
  how else are you supposed to get consent from god for your carnal activities ? 
   dell inspiron 15 i7559, 
  literally just edited my post to say that the inspiron 15 7000 series was my prime candidate , and the i7559 is the exact model that is catching my eye . 
  might you be able to explain to me what the advantages/disadvantages of a hybrid drive are ? 
  i do n't want to go pure ssd if i can avoid it ( cost and i like having a physical hard drive because of personal reasons ) , but a hybrid drive looks like a good compromise . 
  and thank you for your reply . 
  fantastic write-up . 
  sounds like the hybrid drive ( sshd ) does exactly what i would want ; a regular hard drive with some improved performance . 
  love the way it learns what to store there to improve your daily usage . 
  ... well , he 's not wrong . 
   some of us do n't mind working buddy, 
  that only makes sense if you like your work though . 
  same here . 
  halo 5 is the only reason i bought an xb1 as early as i did and i was thoroughly disappointed by that game , so now i have a bit of buyers remorse considering that the upgraded xb1 is on the way . 
  pretty much my sentiment exactly ( especially with regard to the lore ) . 
  like , i was n't opposed to changing up up the gameplay ( hell , halo reach is one of my favourite halo games ) but halo 5 went too far in my opinion . 
  while it reigned in some of the controversial cod-esque elements that halo 4 introduced , it added far too many other things that put me off more than halo 4 ever did . 
  yeah , i know exactly what you mean . 
  and it 's a shame because i 've been a fan of halo 's story and multiplayer since halo 2 . 
  at least the new doom game looks good . 
  might use that to replace halo as my go-to xb1 fps . 
  no , the second one is a bac mono . 
  the question remains : did 4chan change the users or did the users change 4chan ? 
   / r/offmychest is a nasty , nasty fucking sub full of narcissistic spoilt pricks, 
  is n't that one of the subreddits that most people agree has been taken over by actual sjws ?
