  this is the way i 've viewed `` male feminists '' for years . 
  oh , right , sorry . 
  i thought i would have been well within the 3 month rule though , no ? 
  ah , that clears everything up . 
  thank you . 
  i 'm wondering if you could answer another related question for me ; when the forerunners initiated the war with the precursors , they were seemingly unaware of humanity 's existence . 
  and when they did encounter humanity , they could have had no way of knowing that humanity had essentially become their replacement as the true upholders of the mantle in the eyes of the precursors . 
  therefore , if the precursors had been beaten by the forerunners , why did they think humanity would need * another * challenge in the form of the flood to become worthy of the mantle ? 
  but why not attack humanity directly instead of taking on a tier 0 race that they realistically should have had no chance of defeating ? 
  the precursors would have probably stood in at some point to protect humanity , but if i were the forerunners , it would make sense to go for the softer target first . 
  that then begs the question why the forerunners did n't attack humanity once the precursors had been defeated ? 
  after all , the forerunners did n't encounter/perceive the flood as a threat until humanity came racing across the galaxy millenia later , so they would had the time and means to wipe humanity off the face of the galaxy while they were still technologically inferior . 
   the spirit of fire 's crew were not recognized as reclaimers in halo wars . 
  but did n't anders activate a relic map on harvest ? 
  what scene in halo wars are you referring to specifically ? 
  if vickers had actually decapitated the shooter with one glorious swipe of the mace on camera , it may have been one of the greatest things ever recorded . 
  but i was n't here yesterday . 
  and here we see the lesser spotted * liberal * internet badass ... 
  because those are the only two types of people in existence , yeah ? 
  keeping thinking that . 
  well , nobody in the beta shaming gallery was even remotely attractive , and if we take them as a sample pool of male feminists , your statement that attractive male feminists exist is looking rather unfounded . 
  feminism needs rebranding if that 's the case . 
  we could reappropriate the term `` patriarchy '' as our own though . 
  give it a new meaning . 
   source : i fuck hot feminist men . 
  varying definitions of attractive too . 
  sure ya do , dude . 
  * sure you do . 
  * it 's not like somebody can just lie on the internet in order to add credibility to their point . 
  a lot of the forerunner 's relationship with the precursors is speculative , but in my experience most of the forerunner worship of the precursors seemed to be based around them being the chosen people of the gods to take on responsibility for the mantle . 
  this was a core value of forerunner society and they took it very seriously . 
  so when the precursors revealed that the forerunners would no longer be taking over responsibility for the mantle , the forerunners were not happy . 
  they had their hearts set on being the next guardians of the mantle so to speak . 
  and they were n't about to let that slip away from them into the hands of another species . 
  so what do you do when your gods take away what they had promised you since time immemorial ? 
  you go to war with them to take it anyway . 
   it 's hilarious and endearing that you think i 'm lying . 
  why is hilarious ? 
  i have no reason to believe you more than any other moron on this website . 
   but seriously get the hell away from this mentality before it 's too late . 
  too late for what ? 
  halo lore in a nutshell really . 
  halo lore is almost comparable to the flood itself at the rate it expands . 
  nimitz was n't a president either . 
  also , when will we get the uss richard nixon ? 
   being this new, 
  whites and non-whites ? 
  everybody get your paddles !, 
  i 'm pretty sure there are times in halo wars where you can activate forerunner switches and anders is n't around . 
   i think that most spartan-iis are reclaimers ( red team also were n't on the spirit of fire at the time , iirc ) . 
  when the sof was pulled into the shield world ? 
  i 'm pretty sure they were onboard . 
  how else would they have been present for the missions that take place within the shield world ? 
  excellent as always . 
  just one question : what `` affront to the mantle '' did the forerunner perceive themselves to have committed ? 
  right you are . 
  man , my memory of the halo wars sequence of events is really awful . 
  it seems so obvious now ... 
  hindsight is a wonderful thing . 
  i 've always wondered whether that was a real advertisement . 
  you 're a fountain of good points that i can never argue with . 
  i must admit , my knowledge of halo lore was a lot sharper in the past . 
  but since halo 4 , the sheer amount of canon additions and a busier work schedule has meant i have n't kept up to speed . 
  i 've had some free time recently though , and this subreddit is a great resource for discussing things i discover and do n't fully understand . 
  ingenious !, 
  do n't know why i never thought of this before !, 
   back in the day , i would just hit `` random page '' on halopedia . 
  i think it 's a good way to cram in halo knowledge . 
  back in high school and college i could spend hours just browsing halopedia on a link trail . 
  i 'm irish and i 've never once even heard the topic vaguely mentioned in conversation . 
  i 'm an adult , and i would n't even dare discuss with my parents their income or my own . 
  i can only imagine what might happen if somebody did bring it up in conversation ... 
  are you a lower class citizen ? 
  well that does n't add up ... 
  then again , you * do * have internet access . 
  we 're at part 6 already ? 
  christ ... 
  to be fair , i 'd be glad to be rejected by those types of entitled bitches . 
  they 're still acting entitled . 
   insults people, 
   has / lgbt / flair, 
  glass houses and all that , buddy . 
   low level casual racist talk is common in ireland . 
  i 've always maintained that if this is the biggest racism problem we have to deal with in ireland , we 're doing well . 
  i got zero sex ed throughout my entire time in the irish education system . 
  we are a long way from being able to run a proper sexual education campaign in schools . 
  i will never understand how somebody can be stupid enough not to wear protection during sex . 
  normalfag detected . 
  not even spelling `` culchies '' correctly . 
  congratulations - you have transcended idiocy . 
  why the nsfw tag ? 
  it 's none of my business and they 're not obliged to tell me . 
  i was always fiscally conservative anyway , so it 's not like it negatively affected me growing up . 
  mad bro ? 
  i 'm sorry , but we 're going to have to ask you to leave . 
  yeah , unfortunately it often highlights the average irish person 's ignorance of geopolitics . 
  if it was n't for the fact that / r/worldnews occasionally has an interesting article , i would have unsubscribed from there long ago . 
  it 's not so much the typical problems the sub has such as racism and bigotry that bother me , moreso the intense amount of entitlement-fueled ignorance amongst the userbase . 
  it 's like the place is populated by nothing but smug teenagers who think they have it all figured out . 
  how new are you ?
