   implying that is n't already the case, 
  eh , if they shut down this internet , i 'll just move to a different one . 
   i would like for a huge tone down in fan service of that nature , in most shows just so that it becomes easier for new viewers who were turned off by it to start watching . 
  expand the fan base . 
  it 's kinda sucks that most people if you say that you like anime , first thoughts are you liking some weird loli perv stuff instead of the vast amount of different genres that cater to main different age groups . 
  and there it is again - / r/anime 's eternal flaw ; giving far too much of a crap about other people think of you and your interests . 
  nobody 's * that * stupid . 
  also possible collateral damage . 
  i hope you learnt your lesson . 
  the marriage equality referendum was when i realised how bad / r/ireland had actually become and that the subreddit was well on its way to becoming boards.ie mk.ii . 
  i 'd leave , but i 've nowhere else to do for discussion of irish topics . 
   tis nice and stickied . 
  this post obviously has notions about itself . 
  it 's only right that it should be downvoted . 
  we 're living on borrowed time . 
   enlighten, 
  eh , sjws are more like a black hole that suck the light and fun out of everything . 
   white, 
  what 's race got to do with it ? 
  could n't have said it better myself . 
  only your very particular kind of fun , that very few other people enjoy . 
   you realize that joining the military is obviously unethical in the first place , right ? 
  are you referring to all militaries or just the us military ? 
   having someone view your hobby as something bad is not a misunderstanding people want to have in their lives, 
  well just do n't tell people at work that you watch anime then . 
  it seems like a fairly simple decision to make . 
  i do n't go around work talking about a joke that made me laugh in seitokai yakuindomo or praising all the kanbaru-service we 've been getting in owarimonogatari lately , because it might jepordise my career . 
  but it 's not because i * care * what my coworkers think of me on a personal level . 
  my close friends know i watch anime . 
  most of them do n't care for it but because they 're my friends they do n't really give a shit as long as i do n't talk about it too much ( same with any hobby really ) . 
  a lot of people like fanservice ( and frankly its fundamental to keeping much of the anime industry afloat in one way or another ) , so expecting the entire anime industry to make drastic changes to how they approach fanservice just so you can tell your coworkers about one of your hobbies ( that they 'll still most likely judge you for anyway because anime are effectively cartoons in the west ) is quite entitled of you . 
  your idea of `` abuse '' and my idea of `` abuse '' are very different , i imagine . 
  but then again , it 's all contextual . 
   syrians are white, 
  they 're about as white as the turks . 
   you even acknowledge there is a bad stigma on anime !, 
  read my comments - i never implied there was n't . 
   i do n't even know what point you 're trying to make when you yourself are basically doing what others are doing , and understand that saying you like anime can actually harm your career progress because you know there 's a bad stigma on it as a whole . 
  hiding it from coworkers who can affect your career progression and thus your livelihood = / = hiding it from everybody else who have little to no influence over your life . 
   but i know i would like this bad view on anime to be relieved cause its just misunderstanding of what anime is , or is n't ( and it is n't for personal reasons ), 
  why do you want the stigma surrounding anime to be removed though ? 
  hell , i 'd go as far as to say that the stigma has benefits ( it also has negatives , sure - but it 's not an entirely bad thing ) . 
  about that white , yes . 
  most of us ca n't socialise without alcohol . 
  have you seen the state of us ? 
  ireland 's birth rate would plummet overnight without beer goggles . 
   everyone wants a newer car because of the plate . 
  i dunno about you , but i want a newer car because it 's a different , newer model . 
  nothing to do with the plate . 
   shopping in aldi is still regarded as not as good as tesco ffs, 
  their range is n't as good to be fair . 
  they 'll need to get self service tills before i consider shopping there . 
  ah sure it 's fine . 
  but youtube rewind *** is *** cancerous . 
  for god 's sake , it has a hashtag !, 
  hashtags are an instant red flag that something is cancerous normie bullshit . 
  i do n't get this one . 
  how can a nation of people collectively lack ambition ? 
  i thought ambition was more of a personal thing . 
  what if you 're just going to the shop for milk or going for a wander ? 
  kudos to the developers for sticking with bf4 despite its exceptionally rocky launch . 
  they 've polished it up to being pretty decent game now ( better than bf3 as far as i 'm concerned ) . 
  so is this paid or free dlc ? 
  and if it 's paid , will it be covered by premium ? 
  true , but it 's this one in particular that i find strange . 
  like , would you mind giving examples as to how irish society lacks ambition ? 
  lovely . 
  there 's a difference between being realistic and lacking ambition . 
   their staffed tills are n't so bad though . 
  i find them as bad as lidl 's . 
  they have never have enough staff on the tills . 
  you sound like the people i went to college with . 
  why you guys are so obsessed with `` tearing down '' lad culture is beyond me . 
  to be honest , i do n't even see what this `` lad culture '' you 're always ranting about actually is . 
   it 's blanant bigotry and discrimination to not serve someone because of their ethnicity, 
  how about not serving a group of people based on the fact that they and their ilk wreck the place and/or cause trouble every time they come to the bar ? 
  if 9 out of every 10 tipperary people who came to my house pissed on the ceiling , i sure as hell would n't be letting any more tipperary people into my house . 
  as a precaution - not because i 'm bigoted towards tipperary people . 
  maybe they wo n't piss on the ceiling - but i 'll be damned if i 'm gon na take that risk !, 
  `` racial stereotyping '', 
  well go away then . 
  the rest of us are here for the dank memes and the internet drama . 
  you do realise that caucasian and white are n't mutually inclusive , right ? 
  we 're planning on joining under a new scheme announced just this week . 
  if it was n't for that though , people would get notions . 
  and we ca n't be having that . 
  given his track record , it is most likely the wrong opinion though . 
   also , being from the caucasus region only applied to 30,000 years ago when the tribes of modern europe left that region, 
  i 'm pretty sure that theory has been debunked actually . 
  other than that , i agree with you . 
  despite the fact that the image posted is from / a / ? 
  i 'm the same - the honesty is important though . 
  once we start claiming the work of others ' as our own , we 'll be no better than tumblr . 
   yea but who really has time to wade through the shit on / a / to find the funny stuff, 
  do you actually go to / a / ? 
  there 's no more shit to wade through than on this subreddit . 
  i do n't get how what i said might have implied that i was boring ... 
  protestants playing the long game . 
   you 're not entitled to a bottle of wine with dinner while looking for work ? 
  the wine strikes me as rather superfluous there .
