  or i could be neither of those things and just making educated guesses like you appear to be . 
   not only reddit inc confirm that fph users were harassing others, 
  again , that depends on your definition of harassment . 
   but it 's also no stretch of the imagination that some users were finding fat people on other subreddits and targeting them . 
  speculation and nothing more . 
   my friend is awol and i ca n't get in contact with her after her photo went viral on trans_hate . 
  i have no idea if she is still alive and i have no way to find out . 
  that is an example of why harassing subs should be banned . 
  by your logic anybody who says anything bad about anybody anywhere should be banned/punished . 
  not gon na work , buddy . 
  while not talking specifically about your friend , people need to grow a thicker skin . 
  do you have any idea how often i 've been `` attacked '' on the internet ? 
  and do i take any insults or * harassment * i receive online serious ? 
  no , because i 'm an adult who does n't cry about absolutely everything mean somebody says about me . 
  true , but people tend to overstate it 's importance and practicality in the fight against rape . 
  and this is why ireland will never have a porn industry . 
   do ask `` do you like this ? '', 
  makes it all sound rather formal to me . 
  exactly . 
  the people who come up with this stuff have their heads in the clouds . 
  normally i 'd just brush this off as typical college students being out of touch with reality , but this sorta mentality is also held by legitimate anti-rape movements and such . 
   regarding the lying problem , though , what 'd be a good approach ? 
  make a video recording of every sexual encounter ? 
  to cover yourself in court , that 's the kind of evidence you 'd need . 
  but recording a sex act without consent is a whole other legal kettle of fish ... 
  such a lust for revenge ... 
  panty quest 15 . 
  that does n't even make any sense . 
  why not both ? 
  who said that they 're mutually exclusive ? 
   is there another approach that would provide quality evidence ? 
  have both parties sign a consent form ? 
   `` is it okay if i perform this sexual act on you with your full-hearted consent ? '', 
  `` please sign here , here , and here in triplicate '' . 
  do you feel the need to post that comment everywhere in this thread ? 
  you 're acting like the two things you describe are mutually exclusive . 
   the fact that you frequent / r/european means you are a racist , regardless of for how long or whatever issue is in question . 
  check my comment history . 
  i 've never step foot in / r/european . 
  so yet another generalisation from your good self . 
  also , what have i ever said here that implies i 'm a racist ? 
  with the exception of the last two things , the rest of those things were good in theory at least . 
  you 're polish , of course you do ... 
  that 's a lovely picture of yui . 
  it makes me more inclined to trust somebody who is so obviously baiting . 
  `` so we 're just gon na stand here and you guys are gon na die for us , okay ? '', 
   but i do n't mind a slight hint of something between john and kelly . 
  they do seem like the most likely couple . 
  i 've always viewed it as more of sibling relationship , where kelly is actually in the role of the older sister . 
   blue team are still taking orders from infinity at the beginning of the game . 
  perhaps they find something incriminating in this old oni base ? 
  that 's been confirmed for months now . 
   fred refers to john as ` chief ' , but the other interactions are by name . 
  i know john was team leader from a young age , but i did n't think he became a master chief until much later . 
  i do n't see how those two points are related . 
  he probably just started calling the mc `` chief '' once he was promoted to that rank . 
   still not on board with thrusters/jet packs as a mainstay for spartan iis . 
  well they got gen 2 armor , which would have all the fancy toys the spartan iv armor has . 
  it would be pointless to deprive them of the thrusters . 
  it 's happening , guys . 
  it 's actually happening !, 
  i 'm not a particularly emotional person , but this has me so damn excited i can barely contain myself . 
  i do n't believe that i was being antagonistic . 
   where was this confirmed ? 
  i ca n't remember when exactly , but there was a press release a few months back that summarised the initial plot points of halo 5 , and one of those was that he goes awol with blue team after this mission . 
   the iis are a family . 
  i just expected them all to refer to each other by name rather than rank . 
  soldiers first . 
  also , while they may be a `` family '' , it 's not a normal family by any stretch of the imagination . 
  i 'm not at all surprised that the siis are formal with each other despite their closeness because they are generally unskilled with emotions . 
  this can be clearly seen in many of the books . 
  great to see that they 've integrated some of halo 4 's tracks into the ost . 
  would have been a shame to see them going to waste just for being different . 
  not liking the sound the plasma pistol makes though . 
  also , did anybody else notice the strange way locke boarded the forerunner phaeton ? 
  and it would appear that the forerunner incinerator has to be charged before firing now , similar to the spartan laser . 
   we know the name of that new scarab-like vehicle now !, 
  and it definitely appears to be powered by lekgolo from what i can tell at least . 
   i do n't like how every covenant gun sounds pew pew pew . 
  the plasma pistol sounds particularly bad now . 
  i think the mods are reacting perfectly find to spoilers and i commend them for their efforts . 
   but not much as it 's pretty heavily chemically repressed . 
  it would also be psychologically repressed by their training and upbringing . 
   kelly pulling out her shotgun to do nothing with it !, 
  maybe it 's the halo 3 shotgun and has no range ? 
  they 're not even aiming for the head . 
  that 's shooters 101 !, 
  i 'll never understand the issues people seem to have with the 343i elites . 
  they 're different sure , but not necessarily * bad * different . 
  but i guess it all comes down to personal preference . 
  there 's only one type of privilege in the world : economic privilege . 
  everything else is made up bullshit . 
   that is false . 
  you ca n't just point at things that objectively exist and say `` haha made up bullshit '' . 
  i can if it objectively *** is *** made up bullshit . 
   it 's just easy and obvious to compare numbers to numbers , namely income to income , but there are both things that occur because you have money and things that result in you having more money . 
  nope , it all comes down to money . 
  nothing else . 
  if you think otherwise , you 've been spending too much time on tumblr . 
  nope , gen 2 versions of the mk.vi armor .
