  just compare the car industries of both countries for example . 
   industrie, 
  ah , now i know you 're actually french . 
  i was n't sure up until now . 
  i have no interest in getting into a debate with somebody who will defend their country no matter what criticism is thrown at it . 
  suffice to say , in most cases , the vast majority of people will always trust german products over french ones simply because they have a better reputation . 
   you 're just creating more resentment . 
  if the french were n't so uptight and full of themselves , they 'd just ignore the joke and everybody would eventually get tired of it because it was n't provoking a reaction . 
  i studied business at college - i do n't need a wikipedia link to teach me about comparative advantage . 
  i 'm just seeing how far i can bait a patriotic frenchie . 
  going pretty well so far , do n't you think ? 
   ignorance and easy xenophobia for a cheap laugh are more likely . 
  every race/nation has their negative stereotypes . 
  i find the fact that i have both a degree in business * and * french to be very ironic given the subject matter of this entire conversation . 
  but hey , who gives a fuck ? 
  this * is * / r/4chan . 
  not american . 
  also , i studied french because i was good at it in school and decided that it would be useful to have a language to supplement my degree . 
  regarding the arrogance ; i 'm not seeing how i 've been arrogant so far . 
  i 'm not saying my country is any better than france ( it 's not ) and i have n't given any inclination that i consider myself better than french people ( other than the ability to take a joke at my own expense and the expense of my country ), 
  but this particular joke does n't hurt the french in any way . 
  it 's a joke . 
  are people unemployed , depressed , or actively discriminated against because of the joke ? 
  i think not . 
  hence , it 's harmless to all but those with the thinnest of skin . 
  i agree - the material requires originality to be funny . 
  hence my comment at the top of the comments section of op 's post . 
  i 'm irish . 
  thanks to the great famine , over 2 million of my countrymen died or emigrated - it 's the seminal national tragedy of my country . 
  but do you ever see irish people get as pissy as the french when potato jokes are make about ireland on the internet ? 
  if the answer is yes , then let me assure you that it 's a very rare occurrence . 
  you can respect the dead , but that does n't mean you have to be a humorless git . 
  it 's not that bad . 
  the huge amount of squeaky-voiced teens is far more annoying . 
  i can never find a ranked game , but there are always a few social servers active . 
  some have bizarre rules though , like that all-medic one i was on earlier today . 
  i 'm not american ... 
  why do your kind keep coming to / r/4chan ? 
   i thought so too until i started using the internet more . 
  then maybe stop using the internet if it offends your delicate sensibilities so much ? 
  who gives a shit ? 
  notice in another comment i made that i do n't give a fuck what other people say about my country ( especially if there 's a degree of truth to it ) . 
  not sure if troll or just stupid ... 
  why are you even here ? 
  no , they 're both cultural practices , either of which could be deemed inhumane depending on your moral standards and ethics . 
  it does n't matter what feminism is defined as in a dictionary . 
  people will judge it based on how its members behave . 
  and certain boards on 4chan now , unfortunately . 
  maybe it should change its name then ? 
  i believe in equal rights , but i would * never * consider myself a feminist . 
  well , if that 's the case , they have a serious branding issue . 
  but all of what you stated was either false or has a male equivalent . 
   do you also judge islam based on how isis behaves ? 
  well , it certainly * influences * my view of the religion , but does n't dictate it . 
   feminism : `` the belief that men and women should have equal rights and opportunities '', 
  as i said , that 's a dictionary definition . 
  that 's not how it plays out in reality . 
  well , time for some rebranding then . 
  that sounds a lot like the `` no true scotsman '' fallacy . 
  er , you 're on the internet right now ... 
  first they took 4chan , then they came for / r/4chan . 
   i do n't think we 're doing such a great job right now and i 'll admit that . 
  well , at least you 're admitting it . 
  i 'd be much more comfortable about the feminist movement if the silent majority were more inclined to speak out against the rad-fems . 
  that 's how you win over by-standers like me . 
  so , one of the major themes of feminism is choice , but i do n't get to * choose * whether i want to be a feminist or not ? 
  great job , feminists !, 
  i think it 's moreso that they do n't really care . 
  in feminism , the extreme minority is the loudest and controls the majority of internet discussion on the topic . 
  well , control your movement better then . 
   being this delusional . 
  why should we join a movement that contains members that actively hate us ? 
  are we obliged to care ? 
   if there 's anyone claiming to be a feminist that `` hates men , '' they are not a feminist . 
  no true scotsman fallacy . 
  if they identify as feminists and preach in the name of feminism , well - if it looks like a duck , and quacks like one too ... 
  fuck no !, 
  we ai n't standing for that sort of shit . 
  that ca n't have been more than 2 years ago . 
  i remember picking my one out on my old account . 
  to be honest , i had n't really noticed they were gone until you mentioned it . 
  well , the important thing is that you know that now . 
  this is the first time a 4chan greentext story has actually made me want to be present for the events described . 
   normals, 
  makes an already slow-ish connection even slower though , unless you have a really good vpn . 
  i 'm here to help . 
  we `` strange guys '' got ta stick together !, 
  but did n't this referendum come from the constitutional convention ? 
  i think the word you 're looking for is `` disturbing '' . 
  yeah , he very clearly has an underlying issue with middle class people . 
  other than the campaign , no . 
  the dlc servers are online but have had virtually no activity for the past year . 
  there has been a low but consistent level of activity in the servers for the base version of the game in the same time period though . 
  so even though there 's going to be a torrent of new players , i 'd still be wary of buying the dlc even though i want it . 
  well , it 's composed of non-government affiliated citizens often with no legal background , is it not ? 
  it 's early in the day both in europe and america . 
  things should pick up once people get home from school/work . 
  but not second had copies ? 
  are you proposing a system were * anybody * can suggest a topic for referendum ? 
  because that 's quickly going to get clogged with a lot of stupid shit .
