  well , it 's a cover-up so of course most of it bs . 
  i listened to the episode again . 
  it sounds like the audio is over coms of some sort . 
  to be fair , ben could have destroyed her career by recording that conversation . 
  it would be wise not to given some of the edgy `` the garda\u00ed are violent pigs '' users we have here , as seen in the protest threads a couple of months ago . 
   more people watching and discussing = more money for creators = more anime for us . 
  but when anime studios start catering to the mainstream audience , all the niche appeal genres will become starved of funding . 
  i can live with lower budget anime that seeks to appeal to specific tastes rather than trying target people who previously were n't anime fans . 
  genuine question : why does / r/anime have such an obsession with anime becoming socially acceptable ? 
  fair enough . 
  well , as long as you realise that there are a sizeable amount of anime fans that do n't want that to become a reality . 
  also , as long as a lot of anime retains a significant amount of fanservice , it will never achieve mainstream success . 
  that 's the final line of defense for people like myself who wish for the medium to remain at least somewhat niche in the west , even if we do n't particularly care for fanservice ourselves . 
  that 's the thing though ; when somebody does something like that , i can never tell if they 're actually being a white knight or whether they 're just some troll who wants to ruin other people 's fun . 
   but on the other hand i think that will invite sjws and will result in an anime form of gamergate . 
  christ almighty , that would be awful on an unimaginable scale !, 
  anime continues to fly under the sjw radar for a number of reasons , but its relatively niche presence in the west is definitely a significant factor . 
  video games went mainstream and opened themselves up to the wrath of the social justice crowd . 
  the reason for that should be obvious : 3d fanservice is far more acceptable than 2d fanservice could ever hope to be . 
  in theory you 're correct . 
  but anime production houses will almost always follow the money ( evidenced by how current anime is heavily young male orientated ) . 
  were anime to go mainstream somehow , they would start to water down their themes and content in order to appeal to a wider audience . 
  this can be seen in the gaming industry recently with the homogenization of the `` action adventure '' and `` survival '' genres ( to name a few ) in order to try and reel in as many different types of paying customers as possible . 
   i dont want gender wars every other thread, 
  i actually saw one in / r/anime for the first time a couple of months ago . 
  it was weird and worrying . 
  yeah , the financial states of many production houses is rather pitiful at the moment . 
  and were anime to go mainstream , the ones producing niche material would likely disappear due to lack of mainstream appeal making them an unappealing investment opportunity . 
  so while what we have at the moment is far from perfect , it 's still better than the alternative . 
  if he does n't care , he does n't care . 
  you ca n't guilt somebody into voting . 
  / r/ireland has no sense of humour when it comes to the marriage equality referendum ( unless it revolves around mocking no voters ) . 
  that might definitely be a factor . 
  but in my time here i 've realised that the thing a lot of / r/anime users care about the most is what their friends think of their hobbies . 
  that 's not only indicative of the age demographic on this subreddit , but it highlights that more than a few / r/anime users care * far * too much about what other people think of them . 
  you make very valid points . 
  still though , i ca n't rid myself of that worry that the anime industry may turn out to be more open to catering to the west than the japanese gaming industry currently is . 
  also , if feminism/sjw-ness ever takes root properly in japan , we could have another problem on our hands as anime fans . 
  take it easy , would ya ? 
  not everybody gets that worked up/uptight about a referendum . 
  they 're the `` mainstream '' of anime at the moment in terms of what 's popular * within * the anime community . 
  it 's a phase though and should pass in time ( and it does n't seem to be having a huge effect on niche anime production ) . 
  it 's nothing compared to what would happen if the anime industry started trying to appeal to mainstream audiences . 
  that 's fine if you 're into that stuff . 
  but to the more `` hardcore '' or niche anime fans , increasing amounts those sorta shows would be really off-putting . 
  aot in particular is seen as a really entry-level anime - it 's only natural that a lot of fans already in the community would have no interest in seeing shows like that coming to dominate the anime scene . 
   thankfully that 's not the case usually with anime like with the video games . 
  are you actually saying that localisation is n't an issue for anime ? 
   i 'd also say that bigger part of anime viewers watch original with subtitles and do n't wait for the english dub, 
  i think that goes without saying . 
  on / a / ( arguably the most significant hub for western anime culture ) you ca n't even mention dubs without being shouted down . 
  but even fansubs suffer from localisation issues . 
  commie with their history of memes and out of place localisations being a prime example . 
   much better to have aot-like shows dominate the anime scene than what we currently have with ecchi harems . 
  in terms of taste , that 's subjective . 
  but from a financial point of view i 'll concede that it makes sense . 
  i 'll never be one to deny that anime needs to expand overseas in order to survive . 
   the current state of anime that is devoted to appealing to as many otakus as possible in order to survive is simply not sustainable . 
  as an industry anime is in shambles , it 's time for a change . 
  does that necessarily mean that the industry and culture surrounding it suddenly needs to swing to the polar opposite of the current status quo ? 
  if so , you 're going to have * a lot * of angry anime fans due to the effect it would have on niche genres ( not to mention those that would n't suit western tastes ) . 
  only casual ( for lack of a better term ) anime fans would be okay with such a shift . 
   so it wo n't be `` ruined '' by adding mainstream appeal ? 
  essentially , yes ( although , i 'd remove the inverted commas ) . 
  it 's not about being a hipster , it 's about recognising the consequences of certain actions . 
   the number of advantages of anime becoming more widely recognized vastly outway the potential negatives . 
  that 's a very subjective statement you made there . 
   it 's actually the opposite . 
  mainstream suceess will give studios the money they need to make shows they want to make . 
  ah , but you 're forgetting something that anime ( and manga ) has more than almost any other medium : niche genres that would not be suitable for mainstream western tastes . 
  if anime were to go mainstream overseas , these will suffer as animation studios focus on squeezing profits from the untapped potential of the mainstream . 
  i 'm not saying that going mainstream is objectively bad , but anime ( and the culture that surrounds it in particular ) stands to lose a lot from it . 
  while i think much of what your 're saying has truth to it , i think the fundamental flaw in your argument is that you seem to be working under the assumption that nobody likes the status quo ( i 'm not saying i do necessarily do , but such people do exist ) . 
  there are people who enjoy the anime targeted solely at small demographics . 
   as long as there are still writers and directors interested in creating that content , the inflow of money will allow more of it to be made . 
  who will invest in niche genres when there are big bucks to be made in the mainstream ? 
  also , the financial element aside , you 're failing to acknowledge what might happen to anime culture and communities ( especially in the west ) if the medium were to go mainstream . 
  you seem to have a suspicious amount of expertise on this topic ... 
   they simply will no longer dominate the entire industry . 
  i suppose for them it 's tough to let go when an entire industry has catered to you for so long . 
   if reddit gets too mainstream i 'm sure some other location will pop up for `` hardcore '' fans . 
  / r/anime is arguably already too mainstream . 
  even / a / is feeling the pinch . 
   honestly again , even if it is a problem , the culture is simply less important than the content the culture is based around . 
  less important , sure . 
  but to dismiss it as insignificant would be unwise . 
  look at how integral the culture surrounding gaming is to so many elements of the gaming industry . 
   yeah , you 're honestly not really making your point real well . 
  i 've been a gamer for a long time . 
  but it 's incredibly easy to outright ignore the gaming culture . 
  i did not even realize gamergate was happening for several months . 
  i was specifically referring to the impact it had on this industry in my previous comment . 
  and just because you ignore gamer culture ( as i do myself because it 's toxic except on a micro level ) , does n't mean it does n't exist . 
   people like to be elitist , but the fact of the matter is that its very rare for an industry to actually be ruined by an increase in popularity . 
  even if the percentage of shit goes up , the actual quantity of quality content still increases . 
  the last thing the likes of / a / ( and arguably / r/anime ) needs is to be flooded with mainstream fans . 
  that 's all i 'm saying . 
  personally i think we have a good thing going as an anime community at the moment and i 'd hate to see it being disrupted . 
  this is a bit * different * to / pol / usual brand of future prediction threads ... 
  to be fair , as far as i recall , the xbox one has n't had a huge amount of great games on games with gold so far ( at least compared to the xbox 360 ) .
