  considering how firmly planted in the yes side of the marriage equality debate / r/ireland was , i do n't think that 's quite true . 
   why is that ? 
  why do n't other women identify themselves as being women ? 
  because gender is rarely if ever relevant on anonymous websites ? 
  i think you 're seeing misogyny where there is little to none . 
  / u/noisylettuce for one . 
  i 've yet to see somebody disprove that sentiment though . 
  just sayin ' ... 
  is n't transgenderism technically considered a mental illness ? 
  i do n't mean that in an offensive way , but is that not the scientific recognition of that particular state of being ? 
  according to some groups , refusing to have sex with a transgender individual is transphobic . 
  * that * i do take issue with . 
  hit the nail on the head . 
  i regret going to mine , a lot . 
  huge waste of money . 
  what ? 
  you 've lost me . 
  so i was right ? 
  fair enough . 
  thanks for the info . 
  yeah , you 'll see the odd few sjws online claiming that . 
  tumblr mainly . 
  there 's another user saying that it 's considered a medical disorder , not a mental illness ? 
  but i 've seen both claimed from reputable sources . 
   you do n't enthusiastically agree with us therefore you 're a bigot, 
  would you ever fuck off ? 
  where have i been bigoted ? 
  where did i even imply that they represent the consensus ? 
  you could at least try to hide your bias . 
  christ almighty ... 
  it 's a stupid and redundant term . 
   life is definitely about sex, 
  well , when you consider that / a / - one of the most influential hubs for western anime fans - uses that particular word with great regularity , is it hardly surprising that it pops up in / r/anime every now and then ? 
  the fact that it 's 2015 has little if anything to do with it . 
  ... * in your opinion . 
   meaning it 's very unlikely that he 's unaware of the term 's connotation and social perception, 
  its social perception is highly dependent on what social setting you 're in at the time . 
  and ? 
   who 's going to admit their life is shit in a survey ? 
  that depends , was it an anonymous or face-to-face survey ? 
  maybe we can get denis o'brien to sponsor it ? 
  stick his big gormless face on the kite and it 'll scare away anybody and everybody . 
   and focuses on helping people in need rather than just bombing goat farmers, 
  is that what you really think all modern warfare is ? 
  all true , but they sorely need better equipment though . 
  our inability to provide air cover for our ground forces would be the biggest issue . 
   what if the uk is carrying out some nato operation in , say syria , or north korea , or pakistan , and they somehow retaliate with a hit on the uk . 
  i think the uk would just classify it as terrorism rather than a military attack and work away with nato . 
  other than russia or possibly china ( and with the rest of europe in the way it would most likely have to be done from the air , which is easier said than done ) , no non-european non-nato nation has the capability to launch a proper military strike on the uk anyway . 
  stay mad , lad . 
  ah do n't worry about him . 
  old lettuce there has been becoming progressively more unhinged lately . 
  i still think it was an immature thing to do by the yes campaign though . 
  it tarnished their whole movement in the eyes of many . 
  definitely fake . 
  he has sex with cars ? 
  sure , as long as you 're aware that it tarnishes the image of a campaign that supposedly fought from the moral high ground in the eyes of moderates . 
   if germany and other central european nations/nato are stupid enough to let themselves be led into open conflict with russia ... feck no !, 
  believe me , germany has no interest in war with russia . 
  their military is woefully underfunded and mis-managed for one thing . 
   the british sas and us special forces did not take part . 
  they only enter competitions where they have a high chance of winning . 
  was this a dig at the brits and americans ? 
  because say what you want about them , but they arguably have the best special forces in the world . 
  what function does it serve ? 
  are you okay , lettuce ? 
  you seem to be spiraling further and further out of control lately . 
  the lack of people getting is reference is horrifying . 
  if anything things are improving - things are certainly better in the country than they were 5 years ago . 
  but do n't let me stop you calling accusing the rest of us of being [ sheep . 
   but i did n't mean financially . 
  then what did you mean ? 
  also , our debt is n't * insurmountable * . 
  it 's just gon na take a * very * long time to pay off . 
  look at america 's debt - now that 's insurmountable , and they seem to be doing just fine . 
  the armed forces in general do . 
   where every country that joins nato gets a lovely welcome basket of missiles to point at russia . 
  well , is n't that the entire point of nato ? 
  like , many nations that join nato do so out of fear of russia ( e.g. 
  the baltic states ) . 
   twisted genius, 
  hello newfriend . 
  stop saying random . 
  but the battle of the atlantic had largely been won by the time the americans entered the war . 
  the british had developed effective countermeasures for the german u-boat wolfpacks by 1941/1942 . 
  the brits would never have allowed that . 
  and what makes it worse is that it 's actually believable . 
   trying this hard to fit in, 
  no , that would be you , m8 . 
  certifieddank ^ ^ tm, 
   the issue is privacy . 
  those pictures were meant for certain people , not the general public . 
  maybe she should n't have taken them and saved them * in a location that could be accessed from the internet * . 
  or if she was one of the celebrities who sent them to another person who then leaked them at a later date , she is also ( at the very least ) partially responsible . 
  as long as the photos were taken by the `` victim '' themselves and willingly released from their control , i have zero sympathy . 
  so ignorance is a legitimate excuse now ? 
   and when that 's violated we do n't say it 's their at fault simply for choosing to have private aspects of their life . 
  no , but we can attribute at least some blame when they play fast and loose with their own privacy . 
  privacy may be a right , but it comes with a responsibility to meet certain requirements in order to ensure that privacy . 
  like , you would n't build a house out of glass and then complain that people can see you walking around naked , right ?
