  i could n't trust hillary or sanders in the white house . 
  that 's just politics . 
  i was n't the one who called him a communist . 
  i never said / u/mremeralddragon was right either . 
  i just called / u/aprilmaria out on being a self-righteous attention-seeker . 
  sorry , i had to edit my comment . 
  i put the country names in the wrong places . 
  you 're right there . 
  right ... when i said tell * us * , i did n't actually want you to tell * me * . 
  i do n't think sanders is a communist . 
  irritatingly liberal , yes . 
  but not a communist . 
  however , i can see you are about as ardent a socialist as i expected you to me . 
  i was hoping for some sort of interpretative dance . 
  but the children !, 
  how am i sexist ? 
  that 's a completely groundless accusation to make . 
  statements without proof will be treated as lies until proven otherwise . 
  innocent until proven guilty and all that . 
  would you like if i called you a racist without reason ? 
  i think not . 
  that sounds like something a racist would say . 
  see , it 's just that easy !, 
  being anti-immigration = / = racist . 
   he 's been very dead set against women, 
  how so ? 
   as for the sexism just google his stuff on women . 
  burden of proof is on those who accuse . 
  i 'm the other way around . 
  i can fly helicopters reasonably well , but ca n't find a control scheme that works for me with the jets . 
  i can fly them , but i ca n't engage enemies with them to save my life . 
  this argument is the sure sign of somebody who does n't understand democracy . 
  and how do we decide what a `` right '' is ? 
  i and many others believe that there is no such thing as a right to an abortion unless the life of the mother/child is danger or there was rape/incest involved during conception . 
  also , what about the rights of the unborn child ? 
  she 's aging really really slowly . 
  how am i selfish for caring about the rights of the unborn ? 
  far less selfish than those who want abortion on demand . 
   it is a question best answered by neuroscientists . 
  which nobody on / r/ireland is ( i wager ) . 
  does n't stop them making sweeping statements as to when life begins in support their own viewpoints though . 
  but the fact that even the scientific community ca n't reach a consensus on when life begins exactly implies - to me at least - that 's it 's far too early to consider legalising abortion wholesale . 
  i know you 're right , but every time i see an ignorant comment about something that will legitimately alter the lives of thousands either way , it 's hard to resist the temptation to set them straight , even if you know it will fall on deaf ears . 
   do you think the way the state is set up currently can not be changed ? 
  in terms of having a referendum on issues that would require a change to the constitution , yes . 
   it is causing untold damage . 
  so would abortions on demand . 
  your point being ? 
   this is precisely because rights are there to defend people precisely when those rights are unpopular . 
  again , who gets to decide what these rights are ? 
  you ? 
  i know you answered this question fairly reasonably for me already , but all your comments since seem to suggest that only people who hold similar views to yourself should be allowed decide what rights are . 
  depends on the gamemode . 
  rush was broken , but conquest worked ... sometimes . 
  then again , rush has been broken on every map in battlefield since bad company 2 ( by which i mean , bc2 was the last bf to do it right in my eyes ) . 
  you were asking whether the process of putting issues that challenge the constitution to popular vote will ever be changed ( i.e. 
  the way the state is set up ) , and i said that it wo n't . 
  because to change that , a referendum would be required and such a referendum would *** never *** pass . 
  ever play on metro in hardcore mode ? 
  pretty much instant death if you spawned anywhere near a firefight . 
  same here - a 1 hour session on a wet friday afternoon if i recall . 
  then nothing in secondary school , bar what we got in junior cert biology . 
  at the same time , i do n't think it 's something worth getting annoyed about . 
  sexual education should n't be the responsibility of schools to begin with . 
  should schools really be stepping in unnecessarily just because they think parents are n't raising their children `` correctly '' ? 
  i disagree . 
  growing up , i did n't know a single person my age who got `` the talk '' from their parents , and i do n't think any of us suffered because of it . 
  well personally i question the merit of formal sexual education , but mainly i think parents should have responsibility for when and how their children learn about sex and sexuality . 
  yes it could . 
  but i prefer to take a risk that have schools overstepping their mark . 
  as i said , i question the merit of formal sexual education to begin with anyway so the general lack of it in the education system does n't bother me in the slightest . 
  factual info about the first two is already included in the junior cert biology course ( as it should be ) . 
  as for contraception , i believe that it definitely should be left to the discretion of parents . 
   thought that a girl could n't get pregnant unless you finished inside her . 
  if you pulled out , it was fine . 
   it has been proven , through multiple studies , that places with no sex education or bad education have higher teenage pregnancy and higher rates of sti 's among the youth . 
  letting kids , especially today 's kids , get so much information about sex through porn is not going to teach them healthy sexual practises . 
  we need shit in schools that focuses on consent , how to know if you 're emotionally ready for sex . 
  have it in the schools if you so wish , but it should n't be mandatory for either the schools to provide it nor for the parents to let their children participate . 
  as i 've said , parents should be the ones to make the decision about if and how their children receive sexual education . 
  i fail to see why not . 
  opt in or opt out , i do n't mind - as long as it 's not mandatory . 
  as i 've said , parents should be the ones to make the decision about if and how their children receive sexual education . 
  yes , because those are the only options ... / s, 
  people like being offended on behalf of others they think * should * be offended by something . 
  they can certainly influence that in how their raise their children though . 
  they 'd certainly have more influence over that than the schools ever could . 
  i do . 
  ireland does n't have much of an immigrant problem , and the immigrants we do get tend to assimilate quite well for the most part . 
  i 'm not exactly the most pro-immigration person in the world , but as long as the numbers remain manageable and the immigrants assimilate to an acceptable degree , it 's fine by me . 
  and now we 're found in every corner of the globe and generally well liked . 
  i somehow ca n't see the same being said of contemporary immigrants in 100 years time . 
  maybe they do n't want their children engaging in casual sex and see contraceptives as a means of enabling that ? 
  many people believe that sex should be reserved for the sole purpose of procreation . 
  additionally , maybe they 'd prefer to inform their children about contraceptives themselves for fear of the sort of light in which the school may portray casual sex and contraceptives . 
  you and / u/imsiq are absolute legends of the highest order . 
  great day for the parish . 
  but what about the templemore migration ? 
  that 's protestant talk !, 
  she 's not all that impressive ...
