  oh , you 're talking about fashion . 
  i 'm actually really glad we do n't give a shit about that . 
  `` rebel without a cause finds cause '', 
  yes . 
  and long may it last . 
  the day i have to put effort into how i look casually is a sad day for ireland . 
  i agree fully . 
  that 's been the gist of my point all along , but i obviously was n't conveying it very well . 
  then why the hell are we still giving them money ? 
  there we are giving uganda money for fighter jets , and we do n't even have any of our own . 
  did n't the channel tunnel already do that ? 
  i disagree . 
  do you think britain should be giving us aid ? 
   also india gives more in aid than it receives and have said several times that it does n't need any . 
  then why is it wrong for us to be annoyed that we 're still giving them aid ? 
   you lots are simpletons . 
  i fail to see how since we seem to share the same opinion . 
  better late than never when she has the power to organise something like this . 
  pity it could n't have been set up for last night 's match though . 
  imagine the atmosphere . 
  would you prefer them not to organise such an event ? 
   i recently saw a photo uploaded on facebook of a few people i went to school with -- there must have been 40 of them all mingling together and having the craic . 
  it 's a bit soul crushing when you feel like you are living life the wrong way . 
  sounds like you 're far too concerned with how other people are living their lives , and social media enables/exacerbates that . 
  i ditched facebook and the like ages ago and it genuinely reduced my anxiety levels . 
  but it 's partially responsible for the tsr-2 being cancelled , which is unforgivable as far as i 'm concerned . 
  it 's usually songs that were released during the featured year though . 
  well , in a way , he 's not wrong regardless . 
  win the euros , take back the north !, 
   this is what you get from a country that could n't hold on to any of its colonies, 
  and now it 's gon na lose scotland and northern ireland . 
  as an irish guy , i know our economy is gon na suffer from this , but watching the uk fuck itself over while / pol / celebrates like it 's the second coming of christ is utterly hilarious . 
  the good friday agreement never gets the credit it 's due . 
  the fact that it was approved at all is a miracle in of itself . 
  how so ? 
  we 're dealing with a professional sound lad here . 
  jesus christ - again ? 
  she 's clearly unstable as fuck . 
  she should n't be allowed outside without supervision . 
  halo 4 's story was far stronger than that of halo 5 in retrospect . 
  far far stronger . 
  yes and yes . 
  i think they 're self aware enough to realise that they could n't survive on their own . 
  and do you really think the referendum will fail down here ? 
  * really ? 
   yeah marx was dumb amirite ? 
  yes . 
  strap in boys , it 's gon na get * real * interesting . 
  seems to be the same story in europe in that case . 
  norway was never in the eu to begin with . 
  you do realise that to secure the deals that it does , norway has to accept a lot of eu legislation that it has zero input in creating ? 
  similar situation with greenland . 
  something tells me that the uk wo n't stand for that . 
  what makes you think so ? 
   greenland much less so , it would seem . 
  greenland would n't even be a great example these days anyway , as there is growing support there for rejoining the eu . 
   i would guess that given britain 's economic strength they will have as many , if not more , options than switzerland . 
  it will be a lot more difficult for the uk than switzerland . 
  switzerland has been on the outside since the start and is n't as dependent on european trade as the uk . 
  the uk will have to start from scratch outside the union , so in that sense it is uncharted waters . 
  no country has been in that position before ( greenland would n't count as it is n't a sovereign nation ) . 
  i actually consider it to be one of my favourite gaming weapons . 
  it was just so well balanced and handled like a dream . 
  you 're only a casual if you do n't know how to counter it . 
  sorry , sorry - my bad . 
  i meant balanced as a weapon , not balanced when compared to other weapons in the game from a gameplay perspective . 
  why was such an article included in the texan constitution ? 
   while scots gaelic and irish are barely considered seperate languages . 
  that 's strange . 
  most irish-speaking people ca n't understand scots gaelic and vice versa . 
  why is scotland sauron ? 
  but i thought separatist texans wanted texas to be an independent country , not 4 separate states ? 
  also , oni section 3 are freaks . 
  oni section 1 is best . 
  sure it 's not like they 've anything better to be doing . 
  but not worse . 
  and that 's the important part . 
  or being the sort of folk normal people would want to associate themselves with . 
   the repetition of the same arguments there all day , every day, 
  sounds familiar ... 
   why does it attract these types of people and why is n't the comment section moderated ? 
  the less `` safe spaces '' on the internet the better . 
  nobody is putting a gun to your head and forcing you to engage the journal 's comment section . 
   and the right are n't guilty of that either ? 
  iona institute are always at it . 
  so two wrongs make a right ? 
  any sensible person will tell you that `` safe spaces '' are a bad idea . 
  calm yourself . 
   it 's just an appeal to emotion by creepily personifying the countries involved . 
  how is it creepy ? 
   putting a banner decrying homophobia is ... wrong ? 
  on private property belonging to somebody else without the owner 's permission , yes . 
  that much should be obvious , even to you . 
  breaking the law is breaking the law . 
  regardless of what you 're trying to * promote * by doing so . 
  people are entitled to their private property not being imposed upon against their will - or do you disagree ? 
  it 's not like this act will cause anybody to reconsider their opinions on `` tolerance '' anyway . 
  the people who already hold similar opinions will just applaud them like in this thread , and everybody else will just dismiss them as a bunch of law-breaking eejits ( one does n't even have to go outside to know that ) . 
   dismissing vast swathes of society as worthless ` deviants ' or ` sinners ' is a far worse crime than putting a banner up on the offending organisation 's building . 
  according to what law ?
