  is he still an active mod ? 
  because all that stuff he seemed to ban people for is pretty rampant on / a / at the moment . 
  psp-2000 seem to be rarer on the second hand market than the 3000 for some reason . 
  interesting . 
  thanks for the insight !, 
  so , if i see a psp 2000 , go for that ( if the price is right ) . 
  otherwise go for 3000 . 
  sounds good . 
  the piano black would n't really be an issue for me - but i could have sworn i saw a white 3000 on sale somewhere . 
  really ? 
  i was told it was a case of one or the other . 
  is pro duo the psp 's native memory device ? 
  thanks for the tip !, 
  i have a load of micro sd cards lying around . 
  are the adapters that hard to find ? 
  i 'd like to have a portable gaming device for the frequent train journeys i have to take . 
  thanks for the advice !, 
  just out of curiosity , what job are you working as a student that would make you affected by this issue ? 
  or unemployed . 
  that 's a rather harsh generalization . 
  some public servants work exceptionally hard . 
  people who leave the plastic covers on are not to be trusted . 
  90 % of the time , those who are paranoid are irrationally so . 
  being paranoid about the ebola virus while living in ireland is a perfect example of irrational paranoia . 
  defend themselves from who ? 
  sweden is n't even on russia 's priority list and has friendly relations with the vast majority of countries in the world . 
   if you kill her just for the fun of it then my lifes goal would be to find you and be your fucking nightmare . 
  ha , look out everybody - we got another internet tough guy over here !, 
  damn , his grammar is shockingly bad . 
  irish here . 
  during ww2 we took a neutral stance and did n't particularly aid either side in the war . 
  we never got invaded during ww2 , nor do i imagine we ever will . 
  and we 're not even a nato member nation . 
  yes , but nobody was actively defending us . 
  the guy i was replying to said that strong defenses were a prerequisite . 
  they 're obviously not . 
   switzerland, 
  learn your history , dude . 
  switzerland has n't been dragged into a war in a very long time . 
  that 's like saying finland is actively defending sweden ( it lies between sweden and russia ) , which brings us right back to the original point . 
  i 'm failing to see what sweden 's size has to do with this . 
  i do n't think it would really affect finland 's reaction in this day and age if the neighboring country that was occupied russia was big or small . 
   i understand why ireland did n't want to get involved but they did free load off the uk defence . 
  i 'm not denying this . 
  but britain were n't actively defending us , that 's what i 'm trying to say . 
  our neutrality was secured during ww2 as a side-effect of britain 's own self defense . 
  is that not what i just implied ? 
  maybe the effects of sleep deprivation are kicking in , but i 'm still failing to see what your point is . 
  follow the comment thread - see where it leads before repeating what others have already said . 
  oh , right . 
  i misunderstood . 
  actively defending implies their intent was to defend us . 
  while they would have preferred if germany did n't get a foothold in ireland , the british military had its priorities elsewhere during 1940-1942 ( i.e. 
  the only years germany would have posed a threat in terms of invading ireland ), 
  read the rest of my comments - i 'm not disputing that . 
  doing nothing will achieve exactly as much as these `` slacktivists '' will achieve . 
  slacktivism at its finest . 
  i 've no problem with israel being discussed on this subreddit , but it 's the incessant posts about pointless boycotts that are starting to really annoy me . 
   boycotts do n't need to be 100 % to be effective . 
  then what 's the point ? 
  i achieve just as much as these slacktivists by buying whatever i want . 
  if you think a boycott of this nature will actually affect israel at all , you are woefully naive . 
  the term `` slacktivist '' has expanded to include those who complete acts that require minimal effort in order to display their support for/opposition to some cause . 
  now , if you 're just boycotting israeli goods in order to send a message to israel , that 's fine ( not that they really care what ireland thinks of them ) . 
  but if you think it actions such as this half-assed boycott will have any impact on israel , you 're horribly naive . 
   so basically anyone who isnt a full time activist ? 
  not necessarily . 
  but i 've always believed that something is worth doing , it 's worth doing properly . 
  besides , i 'm rather uncomfortable with how quick irish people are to take sides in this conflict . 
  israel is a rogue state , responsible for many shitty things - but people here seem all too willing to forget the shit hamas has done ( and continues to do ) . 
   why do n't you try something that you think might be more effective . 
  the thing is , the people of ireland * ca n't * really do anything effective , except possibly at a diplomatic level ( not that israel cares what we think of it ) . 
  not necessarily . 
  since the term 's inception , it has expanded to include those who also do something that requires minimal effort as a sign of support/opposition . 
  `` the word is usually considered a pejorative term that describes `` feel-good '' measures , in support of an issue or social cause , that have little or no practical effect other than to make the person doing it take satisfaction from the feeling they have contributed . 
  the acts tend to require minimal personal effort from the slacktivist . '', 
   i 've already explained how it helps the morale of the palestinians . 
  all the morale in the world is n't going to stop them getting kerb-stomped by the israelis . 
   they deserve more than ridicule from people who give out about others to compensate for their own sense of inadequacy . 
  hey now , let 's try and steer clear of the personal insults . 
  keep things civil . 
   i take slacktivist as a personal insult . 
  quite a serious one . 
  so maybe you should start with some manners, 
  but it 's a legitimate term that describes exactly what you 're doing ( unlike your insult i 'm not making assumptions ) . 
  if i ca n't use words appropriate to the situation , it 's going to make conversing very difficult . 
   have you every actually tackled a problem ? 
  do you usually take the approach that if you cant solve everything at once you should n't even try to help or alleviate the situation ? 
  as i said in a previous comment , if something is worth doing , it 's worth doing properly . 
  there 's no tangible end-goal to these boycotts and protests - they will not have any effect on the outcome of the conflict in gaza . 
  i would prefer to put my time and effort into movements that may actually achieve something . 
   its not a legitimate term . 
  its insulting and stop trying to pretend it isnt meant as a dismissal . 
  as i said , it describes exactly what you 're doing . 
  i 'm using a word of the modern vernacular to describe the situation at hand . 
  the term was invented for a reason . 
   please do tell me the solution to the middle east crisis . 
  wait , why would i have a solution to the middle eastern crisis ? 
  that 's something that if it is ever solved , will probably be done so at a high political level , presumably through the mediation of the us/un . 
  that or somebody will drop a nuke and that 'll be the end of it .
