  who cares ? 
  especially if you do n't intend on returning there any time soon . 
  real men just do n't throw their money away like that . 
  you 're being downvoted , but that 's * exactly * what happened during the same sex marriage referendum . 
   you know that abortion has been around since before the pyramids ? 
  so were a lot of things that we 've outlawed since . 
  that 's not exactly a solid defense of abortion . 
  symmetra 's pretty bad too though . 
  mercy has access to incredibly advanced medical technology . 
  it 's hardly surprising that she can keep herself looking young . 
   5000 years of abortion is a solid defence that it does n't harm us . 
  yet progressives berate conservatives when the latter want to keep certain things the way they 've always been ... 
   are you now going to move from your point and go onto slavery and stoning like the useless argumentative twat you are ? 
  but that 's exactly what it us unless the waiter has earned the money through exemplary service . 
  see you around !, 
   it does n't make you money-savvy or clever ... it makes you cheap little jew, 
  i do n't consider those two things to be mutually exclusive in this particular situation . 
  regardless , i do n't live in burgerland anyway so i only have to interact with the retarded system on the rare occasion that i visit the country . 
  a stupid system is a stupid system , regardless of location . 
  the fact that i ever had to deal with it at all just reinforces my opposition to it . 
  i dread to imagine the stress on the airframe . 
  true . 
  but all the original overwatch female team members who are in the game have canon reasons for looking as young as they do . 
   guarantee they 'll fill it with pro-lifers, 
  my fear was it was going to be the other way around . 
  only normies can be happy . 
  a better question is to ask whether she is a normie . 
  getting pretty desperate , lads . 
   but he said that the rain was `` unprecedented '' and that it 's not his fault . 
  unprecedented rain in ireland ? 
  as you can see in the chart , only one is still operational . 
  and that 's only being used for testing a new type of missile , hence why it 's stated to only be carrying one even though it can carry much more . 
  those are n't ssbns - they fire cruise missiles . 
  but the inclusion of the israeli ssgn does beg the question why the oscars and the ssgn ohios were n't included in the chart too . 
  it actually surprised me that they are n't bigger considering that they were designed to replace the typhoons . 
  but we have far left parties ( albeit on the fringes ) . 
  why are you apparently okay with those and not far right parties ? 
  i would n't support a far right party myself ( there 's no appetite for one in ireland at the moment anyway ) , but i 'm detecting some left-wing bias from your end . 
  there 's no appetite for one in ireland - not right now at least . 
  this is largely due to our culture and history , but also because we 're not enduring many of the issues that other european countries are that give rise to far right parties ( e.g. 
  terrorism and mass immigration ) . 
  the irish soccer team will never again be as successful as it was in the late 80 's / 90 's . 
   just being pedantic here . 
  the israeli boat is not an ssgn . 
   the n specifies nuclear propulsion of the boat , not the warhead of the weapons . 
  my bad . 
  thanks for the correction . 
   i would think the oscars are n't carrying nuclear warheads these days . 
  wikipedia says they are , but that 's just wikipedia . 
   oscars are really interesting but are not nuclear deterrents, 
  are they not carrying nuclear cruise missiles any more ? 
   the improved boreis will probably replace the delta ivs . 
  they borei is already being improved ? 
  how many boreis is russia intending on building ? 
   although worth noting that there are plans to reduce the ohios to 20 tubes each, 
  for what purpose ? 
  are the others being scrapped or mothballed ? 
  i heard that the reactor in one of them is in pretty bad shape . 
  also , what missile is the remaining one testing ? 
  on the chart it has the same missile as the borei . 
  we should have stopped years ago . 
  the fact that any western nation is still giving india free money is insane . 
  so what are the oscar class even doing these days ? 
  how many of them are still operational ? 
  is that not usually the job of a ssn ? 
  what about it ? 
  if you 're gon na refer to the troubles , that was the rare kind of domestic terrorism that wo n't give rise to far right parties due to the motivations of the terrorists . 
  it would be wrong to compare it to the type of terrorism europe is experiencing in recent years ( at least in my opinion ) . 
   because their aims are rather different , with the far right being exclusive while the far left is inclusive . 
  many right wing people would argue that all-out inclusiveness can be detrimental in the long run . 
  but i 'm not here to argue the merits of political ideologies . 
  all i 'm saying is that if you 're willing to permit far left ideologies , you 're being a hypocrite/biased if you 're unwilling to allow far right ideologies . 
  have you ever been to college ? 
  quality , yes . 
  cost , no . 
  it 's double standards , that what it is . 
  your portrayal of the far left as infallible and the far right as the devil himself shows how blinkered you are to the fact that the extremes of * any * ideology are never a good idea . 
   why do you hate james connolly ? 
  i do n't . 
  i would n't say i 'm his biggest fan , but i have nothing against the man . 
  that said , i fail to see how that 's relevant to the discussion at hand - he did live over 100 years ago . 
  times and things change . 
  are you opposed to the growth of the far left in irish politics ? 
  what will be the replacement ssbn in that case ? 
  if james connolly 's views would be considered far left in this day and age , then yes . 
  extremism has no place in politics . 
  yeah , i fear i butchered my point for brevity . 
  essentially my point was that there is so much financial mismanagement in our health service that it is constantly over budget and things cost end up costing more than they should . 
  never mind that successive governments seem hell-bent on introducing an american-style health system . 
  i 'm far from the most left-wing person in the world , but i believe that health care is a human right and to see it mismanaged just pisses me off . 
  would you say that our soundness is reaching levels that pose a risk to human health ? 
  does n't that money go directly to the indian government though ? 
  what guarantees do we have that it even goes to poor communities ? 
  regardless , why do we give money to india but not china ? 
  they 're both economic superpowers that have impoverished communities . 
  not at all , but i would saw that they 're extreme leftists/members of the far left . 
  then if you 're interested in balance in politics , you should n't be opposed to growth/input from the far right . 
  how so ? 
  the the same can be said for the majority of the people in the world . 
  it 's not exclusively an irish thing by any stretch of the imagination .
