  wannabe normalfags are worse than actual normalfags . 
  plus , what you wrote is utter horseshit . 
  alright . 
  thanks very much for the info . 
  as much as i 'd love us to have a few jets , this is indeed true . 
  but look at denmark ; even they have a few f-16s and they 're a nation comparable to us in many ways . 
  i have n't seen any confirmation of plans to get rid of the tornado . 
  admittedly the design will be 40 years old in 2019 , but it 's still a rather formidable fighter given all the design upgrades it has gone through . 
  that said , with the introduction of the f-35 it will be interesting to see how the tornado is appropriated . 
  amagi brilliant park . 
  shut it down ? 
  their interests lie elsewhere ? 
  that 's interesting , because as far as i know , the germans seem to have no plans to retire their tornados . 
  that said , being limited to just the f-35 and the typhoon for primary interceptor , ground attack , tactical bombing , and air superiority roles does leave the raf rather pigeon-holed in my opinion . 
   it 's still a shit argument, 
  out of curiosity , why ? 
  the india-pakistan conflict would be widely considered hilariously childish were it not for them both having nukes ( christ almighty , why ?! ) . 
  unable and unwilling to intervene , the nations of the world gather around and watch to see which of the two will crack first and trigger a series of events that will leave both nations devastated beyond recognition . 
  and then we 'll be expected to send them aid ... 
  sjw detected . 
  so what you 're saying is , feminism causes autism ? 
  fuck it , we 've had a good run . 
  who cares about him ? 
  i 'd rather be a faggot than some white knight sjw who are the scum of the earth . 
   hey you matter and i hope you are doing well . 
  nobody * genuinely * cares how another random person on the street is doing . 
  if you do greet them , its essentially a formality . 
  it 's not worth the effort . 
  what you said only makes you look bad . 
   normalfaggotry, 
  fair enough . 
  i only really use torrents for anime and movies , and the dedication for those on the public sites is quite adequate . 
  and in the case of anime , / a / tends to make people aware when popular shows are available for download with subs . 
   not wanting to be a wizard, 
  actually , most surveys on gaming demographics are similarly inaccurate . 
  but [ here 's ] ( http://www.escapistmagazine.com/news/view/137348-npd-survey-shows-core-gamers-are-male-casual-gamers-are-female ) one that acknowledges the difference between core and casual games/gamers and proves op 's point ( sorry about the escapist link , it 's the only one i have handy ), 
  if people used more sources in gaming debates , they 'd make gamers as a whole look a lot less idiotic . 
  it 's not like the data to support genuine arguments the gaming community wishes to make are n't out there . 
  would n't you need something like a titan from titanfall to carry that ? 
  in fact , i think a plasma railgun is one of the titan weapons in titanfall . 
  found the lion . 
   given that , the lions would barely put a dent in the sun, 
  your lack of lion faith will surely be your downfall in a world without the sun . 
  yeah , but as long as the lions do n't stare directly at the sun they will be able to neutralise the sun 's primary long range attack . 
  then they only have to worry about solar flares until they get in fighting range , and solar flares have a very long cooldown period . 
  as much as a lion . 
  if he managed to get one of those * inside * your house , getting shot is the least of your concerns . 
  could we attach some sort of splitter tube to the lion 's penis , which would allow him to impregnate multiple lions per second ? 
  what a bitch . 
  i just use nyaa . 
  as a regular / r/ireland user , i can assure you that the views of / r/ireland members tend * not * to be an accurate reflection of the general irish populace 's opinions . 
  hell , we even regularly admit that ourselves . 
  that said , i would say your point about irish views on the israeli-palestinian conflict is * largely * accurate . 
  however , to assume that everybody in ireland supports palestine as much as the majority of / r/ireland vehemently does would be a gross miscalculation . 
  a lot of us just do n't care either way . 
  that tends to happen when you do n't have good relations with any of your neighbours . 
  except oil . 
  ca n't wait for that to run out on them though , global consequences aside . 
  true . 
  but it does have the best variety in my opinion . 
  that said , lack of seeders on older stuff is n't a problem exclusive to nyaa . 
  sounds like you 're living the dream , m8 . 
  or at least my dream . 
  yeah , but who gives a shit what they think ? 
  kinda like how the french seem to love halo . 
  what sort of issues ? 
  because i was online last night , and everything was loading really slowly both in-game and on the dashboard/menus . 
  i just thought my xbox was acting up . 
   anyway , that is one part of the reason i stopped going on 4chan . 
   it 's not a case of being weak-minded , for the most part . 
  christ , you 're a pathetically weak-willed individual . 
   still , i think being turned into a neo-nazi is a bit overboard, 
  those `` anime girls in nazi uniforms '' over on / a / can be pretty convincing . 
   you do n't realise how toxic daily browsing of 4chan can be until you leave . 
  you sound like a tumblrina . 
  i hope you 've found a comfortable new home there . 
  christ , it 's like the whole system is sick with the flu . 
  le euphoric reddit atheist strikes again !, 
  i 'm pretty sure all europeans are acutely aware of that stereotype . 
  here in ireland , any time a seemingly frivolous lawsuit is in the news , there 's always talk of us `` turning into america '' . 
  i 'm white , and bill clinton immediately came to mind too . 
  exactly . 
  also prevents a culture of lazy entitlement developing . 
  i dread to imagine what the fujos would do with canon inaho x slaine ammunition . 
  what bullshit is this ?!, 
  i feel like i 'm on tumblr all of a sudden . 
   tfw this is the only way you could prove to some feminists that the sex was consensual, 
  no , it 's actually called being sexist . 
  wow , i never thought i 'd see myself typing those words . 
  and ? 
  is this post meant to make neets feel bad ? 
  there are no girls on 4chan . 
  i know i do n't have the money for things , but i still want them anyway . 
   it 's just the upside of sexism . 
  how so ? 
  i do n't recall being consulted on that rule change . 
  but they were n't directly setting out to target civilians . 
  well , adams was elected in county louth and currently attends the d\u00e1il in dublin ... 
  why are you even here ? 
   implying you 're not a chronic autist like the rest of us,
