  but at the same time , he should have covered his tracks better . 
  do you derive joy from other people 's suffering ? 
  well , yes - that * is * standard procedure . 
  / r9k / has tumblrinas ? 
  this is the one i 've enjoyed the most so far . 
  fair play to them . 
  ah now , lets not devolve into slippery slopes here . 
  no it 's not . 
  ignorant people just * think * it is . 
   the other is generally just blaming these actresses without really offering advice on how people can avoid this happening to them . 
  do n't put nude photos of yourself on the internet . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  i ca n't tell if this is satire or not . 
  i hope it is ... 
  the internet is n't the equivalent of a locked house . 
  once you upload anything to the internet , you no longer control it . 
  would you intentionally leave your valuables in an area you do n't have control over ? 
   they go to the bank in person to keep their accounts safe , they shop with cash , they do not have one iota of person information online , and all of their personal photos are either prints or safely tucked away on hard drives . 
  other than the bank thing , i try to do all these things . 
  it 's just common sense . 
  although i do n't actually have any photos of myself . 
  why would i ever want to look at my own ugly mug ? 
  thank you !, 
  i 'm not the only one who is irritated by this . 
  `` euros '' sounds silly and weird to me though . 
  and since when are the english an authority on the euro ? 
  i bet they just pronounce it like that to annoy me . 
  to be fair , a lot of the rage you see on the pro-choice side is impotent too . 
  what do you like about it ? 
  does anything set it apart from other shooters ? 
   sometimes people like other people and would rather help pull them up rather than dismiss them . 
  is a new age on the horizon ? 
  unless you 're greece . 
  well , their immigration policy could certainly do with some review . 
  so , / a / is / k / 's pseudo-grandson ? 
  the 4chan family continues to expand !, 
  either is acceptable . 
  i 'm from ireland , and we do n't have much right wing politics to be fair . 
  yes it did . 
  look at how well germany is doing now . 
  all part of hitler 's plan . 
  hitler foresaw this . 
  he predicted exactly what would happen and made it so . 
  nice to see the garda\u00ed moving with the times . 
  good way of attempting to reunite people with their lost belongings . 
  was is brazil getting a different game ? 
  has the shit posted on facebook reached this level of retardation now ? 
  ... i did n't even know there was a such a movie . 
  what is it with youtube personalities and making movies/video games ? 
  stick at what you 're good at !, 
  from a field of one , you have been selected . 
  pm me your gt and i 'll add you . 
   you are an idiot . 
  for not knowing the backgrounds of youtube personalities ? 
  alright m80 . 
   `` there are no girls on the internet . 
  now focus on the game . '', 
  people often misinterpret the meaning of this phrase , but you 've used it correctly there . 
  genuine curiosity here ; in what way is your raid `` safe '' ? 
  how can any online gaming experience be `` unsafe '' ? 
  well , not the games i play . 
  no need to be elitist . 
  so , if he was a dick to you in particular , that makes him a bad mod ? 
  maybe * you * were just being a dick ? 
  there was ? 
  i did n't see it . 
  well , the same could be said as regards to most posts in the plounge . 
  did n't ferrarity once try to get a whole bunch of members banned ? 
  i was n't around much during his time , but from what i know about him , he has a reputation for being a bit more heavy-handed than the other mods . 
  but people talk about things/people from the plounge 's past here all the time . 
  should we not ? 
   made an offhand comment in a zq thread most likely, 
  why do you reckon that ? 
  that 's not how you cry . 
  you 're being held back a year until you learn how . 
  i do n't understand . 
  you 're saying this post should n't be made , for ferrarity 's sake ? 
  i thought he liked the plounge but had to leave for personal reasons ? 
  was n't that just his persona though ? 
  y' know , what with all the rarity emotes and such ? 
  like , you seem to be the only person saying stuff like this . 
  you sure you have n't misinterpreted something ? 
  but how is this post invading his life ? 
  does anybody even * know * how to contact him outside of reddit ? 
  from what you 've said , it seems he only talked down to * you * . 
  that strikes me as more of a problem on your end . 
  oh , i did n't know . 
  i just remember him as being very private about his personal life - like , i remember thinking that his ama was very sparse on details . 
  and then there was that whole thing about people genuinely thinking he was a girl . 
  i assumed only the mods knew how to contact him . 
  from what / u/tenth-gear has said , there 's a good chance this post will be linked to ferrarity . 
  this could get interesting yet ... 
   then he jumped on me about using a certain emote that some guy named / u/komandant _ sprackle used to use , he called me an insensitive imposter for using a `` retired emote '' . 
  the fuck does that mean ? 
  how can you retire a fucking emote ? 
  an emote is an emote . 
  get the fuck over it . 
  frankly that sounds like he was messing with you . 
  do n't take everything so seriously . 
  i do n't know ferrarity well enough to say whether he was joking or not , but it sure sounds like it .
