  but it 's seriously putting me off pursuing any other licences . 
  like , i can drive a motorcycle very well , but i do n't think i 'll ever get the licence at this rate . 
  used to binge drink about once a month before - just seemed to outgrow it recently . 
  i drink about twice a year now . 
  so i 'm almost at your level . 
  especially since half the servers on bf3 these days are people playing team deathmatch . 
  man , i miss bad company 2 . 
  smaller , better designed maps and tighter gameplay is the way to go . 
  nothing from battlefield in recent years has come close to matching the experience that was rush on valparaiso . 
   which costs the us , which influences , ultimately and in aggregate , how much political will it takes for the us to continue to support israel unconditionally . 
  israeli subsidies barely make a dent in overall us overseas expenditure ( in fact , they get quite a bit of it back in the form of military contracts ) , and america 's diplomatic and financial defense of israel is highly unlikely to stop any time soon ( bar israel dropping a nuke or something ) . 
   you know them all do you ? 
  does that apply to everyone who does anything for a cause they believe in , or only the anti-israeli ones , or only the ones that you do n't like the look of ? 
  it 's not the cause that makes the people self-righteous , it 's their half-assed , bandwagony actions that they then proceed to tell everybody about that makes them self-righteous . 
  south america is up and coming too . 
  and they were heavily exploited by colonial powers almost as much as africa . 
  conquest was/is good on bf3 , but a lot of the time the maps feel too big and ungainly - even on pc . 
  on the other hand , rush was a disaster . 
  there was 1 , maybe 2 , good rush maps in bf3 . 
  i just do n't understand how bad company 2 was so good ( even the campaign was fun - immeasurably better than the sleep-inducing bf3 one ) , yet all subsequent games have been riddled with flaws . 
  those blood clinic parties could get very wild back in the day . 
   sneering at people simply for using a method of civil demonstration for their cause ? 
  hey , it 's win win for me . 
  i sit at home and achieve as much as these `` activists '' do . 
  to be fair , directly after ww2 japan got a lot of constructive aid ( not just money ) from america , and then when the korean war kicked off , japan made big money supplying the un forces over there . 
  but you 're right , it also has a lot to do with culture . 
  eh , it 's apples and oranges in a way . 
  the ways in which south america was exploited by the spanish and portuguese were rather different to how the british and pals exploited africa . 
  i do n't know if this counts or not : http://www.reddit.com/r/4chan/comments/26bgl1/litizen_is_blind/, 
  was n't uganda ( or some country in that region ) proposed as a jewish homeland before israel was founded ? 
  imagine what the jews would have done with that place . 
  wow , you 've a real chip on your shoulder , buddy . 
  does n't matter though - none of your little tantrums will stop people playing console games the way they want to play them . 
  ha , somebody link this guy to / r/subredditdrama - he 's hilarious !, 
  seriously , chill bud . 
  you 're gon na give yourself a heart attack over the actions of people on the internet . 
  but se\u00e1n is an irish name and is pronounced `` shawn '' . 
  the fada ( accent ) just seems to be left out in sean bean 's name for some reason ( anglicization probably ) . 
  but se\u00e1n is an irish name and is pronounced `` shawn '' . 
  the fada ( accent ) just seems to be left out in sean bean 's name for some reason ( anglicization probably ) . 
  it was never proven - do we judge people now on what they * might * have done ? 
  all modern politicians are * allegedly * rapists ? 
  right up there with deciding to be male and signing up for the patriarchy . 
  yep - ca n't wait to start oppressing women with this hanging over my head . 
  but mayonnaise is gorgeous gift from the gods for white people . 
  / a / is still like that . 
  it 's assumed by default that you 're an autistic , depressed neet and if you try to claim otherwise people tend to shout you down . 
  pretty much . 
  but they would n't have told him that he ca n't be a loser there - it 's pretty much accepted that everybody on / a / is a loser . 
   i love how / fit / is super jealous of / a /, 
  u wot m8 ? 
  steely is the word . 
  and then sat down with a face that said `` i meant to do that '' . 
  but , * why * is / fit / jealous of / a / ? 
  yeah . 
  it 's changing in the same way / co / changed ; large numbers of anime fans from the likes of tumblr joining / a / , but refusing to lurk in order to learn how things work , and then refusing to change even when people call them out on their bullshit due to some bizarre sense of self-righteousness . 
  as you said though , it 's happening at a much slower rate in / a / - it 's at least a year away from having its first sjw mod . 
  if only the same could be said for / co / . 
  i visit / a / regularly , and even i wonder why anybody would be jealous of / a / . 
  but what is it about / a / that / fit / finds desirable ? 
  oh , so they like / a / 's ability to be honest with themselves . 
  makes sense , especially given the kinda place / fit / is . 
  well , / co / already had one and i ai n't seeing hillary in the white house ( and let 's hope we never do ) . 
  as a non-american , what was so bad about franklin pierce ? 
  halo : combat evolved anniversary has some absolute bastards of campaign achievements . 
  but unlike some difficult achievements in other games , if you put in the effort , you will get them - and that 's what makes for a rewarding achievement . 
  brilliant answer , thank you !, 
  as a fellow halo veteran , i thought reach only had one difficult achievement ( if they came to hear me beg ) . 
  just a note ; the firefight achievements are surprisingly do-able on all but 2 maps in odst . 
  source : i got them during a period when i did n't have xbox live . 
  i see a lot of people saying reach on legendary solo was particularly difficult . 
  i do n't really understand that . 
  compared to the original 3 halo games on legendary , it was pretty okay . 
  sure , there were tricky parts ( like the assault on sword base in the the second to last mission and the defense of halsey 's lab ) , but they all came late in the game . 
  maybe it 's a janitor over on / co / that i 'm getting confused with then . 
  i do n't visit / co / , so i 'm only going on what other people are saying . 
  that said , i have n't seen any sjw actions by mods or janitors on / a / recently . 
  is redwood really a social justice type ? 
   sweat , girl juices , and saliva, 
  and this is why sex is a disgusting activity . 
  those statistics include a lot of `` casual '' ( for lack of better word ) games that lie outside the typical gamer - i.e. 
  who most people think of when the word `` gamer '' is used , except updated for an era where gaming is a more acceptable medium of entertainment - sphere of interest , and hence the people playing them and their views are largely irrelevant to those who occupy the more traditional gaming fanbase . 
  sorry , but this is a bit of a pet gripe for me . 
  i love the idea of women taking up gaming as a hobby , but to equate mobile games such as candy crush and the players that play them with the more `` hardcore '' ( seriously , i 'm struggling for words here that do n't make me come off as an entitled teenager ) games/gaming community is both pointless and counterproductive . 
  to borrow a comment i posted elsewhere in this comments section :, 
  those statistics include a lot of `` casual '' ( for lack of better word ) games that lie outside the typical gamer - i.e. 
  who most people think of when the word `` gamer '' is used , except updated for an era where gaming is a more acceptable medium of entertainment - sphere of interest , and hence the people playing them and their views are largely irrelevant to those who occupy the more traditional gaming fanbase . 
  sorry , but this is a bit of a pet gripe for me . 
  i love the idea of women taking up gaming as a hobby , but to equate mobile games such as candy crush and the players that play them with the more `` hardcore '' ( seriously , i 'm struggling for words here that do n't make me come off as an entitled teenager ) games/gaming community is both pointless and counterproductive . 
  like it or not , girls are still an anomaly in most traditional gaming communities . 
  i 've gamed for years ( although the types of game i play may be the reason for this ) and the only game i ever ran into more than 1 or 2 girls on was mass effect 3 multiplayer - some of those girls were ridiculously good too . 
  odd , i 've played halo online since the late halo 2 days , and i could count the number of girls i 've met while playing on one hand . 
  that said , it may be that they 're not using their mics ( nobody really talks on mics any more , except incomprehensible french kids or idiots blasting rap music ) or the fact that i mainly play with europeans ( virtually all female gamers i 've ever met bar one were american or canadian ), 
  oh , i did n't know that . 
  i 'd want the ones that take the physical games alright . 
  there 's a great second hand game store in my city that has loads of psp games . 
  i was planning on using one legitimately for a while and testing out a few games from the psp catalog that i 'm interested in , and then maybe after a while converting it as an emulator . 
  yeah , the second hand models i 'm looking at are primarily psp-3000 models . 
  so you 'd say they 're the one to go for ? 
  fuck me - i did have a bit dip in activity on / a / around late 2012/early 2013 , but do n't remember any of this .
