   lol thanks for my computer bill and steve , now i guess i should n't hate a group of horrible people who have nothing to do with technological advancement !, 
  oh wait , does n't work like that, 
  most `` nerds '' end up in the tech/engineering sector . 
  sidenote : compared to the previous 2 games , lightning returns was weirdly entertaining . 
  it had such potential to look stunning on pc . 
  i choose to believe the brother and sister were attractive , because it works so much better in my head that way . 
  vivian 's design borrows heavily from watamote 's tomoko though . 
  most webcomics are so painfully `` progressive '' just for the sake of it ( and to get that tumblr viewership ) . 
  actually he just made an observation and gave his opinion of what he observed . 
  y' know , at this stage i would n't be surprised . 
  you do n't have to be dan to have a problem with travelers . 
  you can dislike them but still be a reasonable individual not filled to the brim with hate . 
  refusing to learn even grammatically correct english does n't make what you speak a distinct language . 
  it just makes you ignorant and/or poorly educated . 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  it 's a nice story , granted - but if a greentext story makes you cry , you have problems . 
  ** edit : ** is this what / r/4chan has come to ? 
  feels and crying ? 
  it 's a dead language unless it 's used in everyday parlance amongst the community that is supposed to speak it . 
  like , even irish has its communities that use it as a first language , hence why it is n't a dead language akin to latin . 
  you can bitch about soccer all you want , americans . 
  but rugby is like your handegg on hardcore mode . 
  weird that you only ever see them speaking it on pavee point-funded documentaries though . 
   being this new, 
  i 'm not insulted , but being a newfag is the only explanation i can discern for what you said . 
  for not being a emotional triggerstorm like some tumblrina ? 
  well , i 'd rather be a newfag ( even if it 's untrue ) than be in the same category as a tumblrina . 
  could n't agree more . 
  i grew up in a working class town that had more than its fair share of travelers . 
  there 's only so much bullshit you can put up with before instinctively disliking a group of people . 
  if anything they pay negative tax due to all the handouts ( on top of basic social welfare that is ) they get from the government . 
  as the fellow below me said , that 's utter horseshit . 
  it 's more than an optimistic estimation , it 's a downright fantastical one . 
  i 'd need to see some solid proof before i 'd even consider maybe believing that . 
  burden of proof is on those that make the statement . 
  you have n't provided me with anything resembling solid proof that this traveler language is an alive and viable language . 
  i grew up in a town with more than its fair share of travelers , and the only language any of them knew how to speak was crappy english . 
  i know it 's only anecdotal evidence , but i ca n't do much more until you provide me with evidence to grapple with . 
   you admit to having seen travellers speak it ,, 
  oh , yeah - probably should have made it clearer that i was saying that tongue-in-cheek . 
  as if i 'd watch anything produced by pavee point . 
  it 's like the americans on reddit who defend gypsies despite never having interacted with one nor truly understanding what they do . 
  the hits are harder in handegg which warrants the armor , but they are n't * that * much harder than those of rugby . 
  what the fuck is wrong with you people ? 
  that implies handegg is entertaining to begin with . 
  besides , if i wanted to be bombarded by advertisements , i 'd disable adblock on my pc . 
  crying after reading a fucking greentext story does though . 
  i see not having it as an advantage frankly . 
  it would be strange for me to become a troll now on an account i 've been using regularly for nearly 2 years . 
  i seriously wonder what kind of morons are populating this subreddit at times . 
  it 's a repost anyway . 
  i 'm only killing the mood for newfags . 
  you 'd actually be surprised how many people in ireland do n't really care about the whole abortion debate . 
  christ almighty , what is wrong with you people ? 
  you 're sobbing all over the place after reading a greentext story ? 
  i 'm not telling people how to feel . 
  i just find it bizarre that a greentext story can drive people to tears . 
  i know that there are plenty of people out there like myself who really do n't care about the abortion debate that much , yet are chastised for holding that particular opinion ( or lack there of ) . 
  ha ha - very witty . 
  at least i can control my emotions enough so that i 'm not a sobbing mess every time i read a vaguely sad story on the internet . 
   moot is taken off list, 
   image is from funnyjunk, 
  fuck this gay earth . 
  that 's what you think ... 
   social outcast does not equal a person with a mental disorder, 
  well , the two are n't mutually exclusive either . 
  but yeah , i dunno what the guy you were replying to was talking about . 
   implying i 'm not a moot shill here to subvert the discourse, 
  in moot 's new sjw-tinted vision for the future , mods and shills are paid handsomely in shekels sourced from the profits of tax-supported female-designed indie games . 
   youthinks, 
  why would i be afraid of something i have managed to gain complete control over ? 
  i 'm not seeing this `` evidence '' . 
  man , you 're thick . 
  nice try , freud . 
  but you 're reading way too deeply into this . 
  yes . 
  wow dude - you 're not a nice person . 
  dude , why do you care so much ? 
  i , like many other anime fans , have zero interest in the whole loli thing . 
  but i do n't care if it floats the boats of other people ( provided that they confine themselves to * anime/manga * loli exclusively of course ) . 
  why should you care ? 
  stop trying to force your moral standards on others who are doing no active harm . 
  yeah , but here 's the thing : morals and emotions are largely subjective . 
  generally speaking , your moral standpoint is no more legitimate than mine or anybody else 's on this subreddit . 
   it would be like spreading the idea someone has pyromanic tendencies they are allowed to commit arson . 
  arson is illegal though . 
  in most places , loli material is not . 
  and by the way , laws * generally * exist due to a moral consensus . 
  dude - you 're taking all of this far too seriously . 
  at least what you 're saying holds no weight anyway , so live and let live carries on as the status quo ( thankfully ) . 
  wow , do you have to try to be that wrong , or does it just come naturally ? 
  i 'm truly in awe . 
  stay mad , bro . 
   bottom left, 
  why ? 
  she should have just blamed the crime rates on black people or foreigners . 
  is that not the obvious easy way out there ? 
   being this new, 
  you do n't read much on a daily basis , do you ? 
  he 's not wrong .
