  for me at least , it 's always the latter . 
  about anything that you said . 
  i 'm not sure if they 're the majority ( based on what i 've read at least ) . 
  you 're pretty much guaranteed to die as a female knight . 
  huh , til . 
  thanks . 
   these are female robots . 
  no such thing . 
  it 's / int / . 
   because it 's not volkswagens , audis or bmws . 
  wow , and i thought it was only americlaps who thought german cars were unreliable . 
  not doing yourself any favours there , canada . 
   the ultimate irony is that the italian army is more capable than most europeans . 
  italy ca n't even keep north africans out of europe . 
  it 's literally their navy 's only job of note . 
  essentially . 
  you might as well just not vote then . 
  expensive parts does n't necessarily imply bad engineering . 
  and while parts for german cars * can * be very expensive , most of the time you 're actually just being charged a premium on the service at the dealership . 
  you have to remember that they make a lot of their money on servicing your vehicle . 
  where i 'm from , a dealership will often sell a brand new bmw at or below cost price , knowing that they 'll make the difference and a profit back on the services the car will frequently tell you that it `` needs '' . 
  i know . 
  but i genuinely believe that no woman would have an interest in / r9k / for reasons other than wanting attention . 
  well , yes , that in itself is another related problem . 
  it does n't have to * kill * them . 
  you do n't have to * sink * the boats . 
   i work in the car business and vw ( so audis by extension ) or crap . 
  i can not understand how somebody can say this . 
  vw are widely considered to be the most reliable european brand over here in europe . 
  and i say that as a bmw driver . 
  what about the swedes ? 
  and the british have been getting back on the ball recently . 
  are volkswagens sold in the us * that * different to the ones we get in europe ? 
  i imagine there were relatively few ethiopians fighting with the un coalition during the korean war though . 
  name one thing that they 're objectively the best at . 
  kias and hyundais will never be as good to drive as the likes of bmw though . 
   heck i 'd even say that recent american cars are better than their german equivalents . 
  you know absolutely nothing about cars so please stop talking ( ford is the only american brand i would consider any way close to the german brands on many fronts ), 
   but it still means they are flawed by design at an engineering level . 
  no it does n't . 
  it 's only americans that think this ( and canadians apparently ) . 
  i 've heart that the american passat is quite different to the european one , but beyond that i do n't know . 
  well , understand that a lot of us do n't care and think you 're all being needlessly angry . 
  aw man , you 're missing out . 
  i 'd love a cc ( they have a great rep over here in europe and are probably the best looking car vw makes ) , but they 're very rare on the second hand market in my country and i doubt i could afford one new . 
  well , personally speaking , i do n't particularly care about that issue , but i * do * understand why people are getting angry about it . 
  if you 're 12 years old , maybe . 
  wow , that op is beyond retarded . 
  is n't that moreso tidal/wave power ? 
  it already got an ova . 
  it was pretty meh . 
  he said a figurine was an example of why he does n't like klk - which does n't make any sense . 
  if it 's only north americans that claim german cars are flawed at an engineering level and the rest of the world does n't , i think it 's fair to assume that the majority is correct in this regard . 
  also , you did n't adequately explain why they were flawed at an engineering level other than that the parts are expensive . 
  not a fanboy , but you 're basing your opinion on superficial shit . 
  germany arguably does that better . 
  your one man defense of portugal in this comments section is all the more entertaining/impressive considering that this will probably be considered one of the most crushing polandball comics in a long time . 
   used goods, 
  keep telling yourself that . 
  she 's used goods , m8 . 
   also true , aside from the fact that twenty people at her age is quite common nowadays . 
   performing frequency analysis of downloaded lossless music, 
  i already have to run virus scans on almost everything i torrent . 
  who actually has the time to do that sort of thing ? 
  i just want to listen to music at a reasonable quality . 
  so , stds ? 
  just a standard mse and malwarebytes scan . 
  there 's probably better ways , but i 'm not aware of them . 
  i was thinking of using virustotal , but something seems * off * about that program , and i ca n't put my finger on it . 
  i ca n't say i understand what you just said . 
  does that cost money ? 
  rarely to be honest . 
  i mainly use torrents for anime , and the anime community is pretty good at keeping their torrents clean as long as you stick to the major sites . 
  so , either my screening system is working , or it 's not working but i ca n't tell because i download from reputable sources . 
  i do tend to pick up the occasional virus or bit of malware on the scans when using non-anime related torrents though . 
  in my experience , sluts and common sense do n't go hand in hand . 
  they do n't automatically scan newly downloaded files though ( as far as i know ) . 
  the only sort of passive defense they provide is periodic scans , is it not ? 
  i usually do . 
  what preventative measures do you use against viruses/malware in your downloads ? 
  is that not because you guys * ca n't * easily use torrents due to legal reasons ? 
  you now understand the mindset of / mu / . 
   then convert it to . mp3 before raising the bitrate and making it . flac . 
  i actually know people who do the raise the bitrate on youtube conversions like that ( hell , i used to do it as an ignorant teen ) . 
  but converting it to flac - dear god , i hope nobody actually does that !, 
  29 bucks ? 
  where the hell are you buying them ? 
   i think all the shitty quality . mp3s being thrown around on the net lead to people insisting . flac is better, 
  that was a much bigger problem in the past though . 
  i mainly download high quality mp3 files these days because there 's such a wide variety of them available if you know where to look . 
  poorfaggotry is n't an excuse . 
  decent headphones are often on sale for like $ 30 . 
  i got my sennheisers for that price and although they 're not the best headphones in the world , they have acceptable sound quality . 
  jesus , that is good value . 
  might consider upgrading from my low end sennheisers . 
   superiority complex, 
  nobody cares what they call their stupid book . 
  huh , is there any specific reason why this seems to be primarily a german thing ? 
  i suppose there is a bit of a lingering issue if you 're looking for types of music that are n't exactly popular . 
  i know i have trouble occasionally finding quality torrents or direct downloads of certain music tracks that are n't available on the main sites .
