  go back to franceland , op !, 
  because we 're not afraid of falling water ? 
  like , i know some of the north korean hierarchy actually believe their own special brand of bullshit , but are they really naive/indoctrinated enough to think that anybody in the west might buy it ? 
  that 's somehow worse . 
  sounds interesting - i 'll give it a watch . 
  thanks . 
  i grew up in tipp , and although `` mom '' was in the minority , it definitely was n't uncommon . 
  that said , for some reason i always pronounced it `` mom '' but always spelled it `` mum '' . 
  i hated ( and still do ) the sound of the word `` mam '' or `` ma '' . 
  what about `` the mammy '' when referring to your mother in a semi-humorous third person manner ? 
  this can only really be used when not talking to her directly though . 
  why people bother to still get married these days is beyond me . 
  tax reasons is the only justification i can logically think of . 
  i 've always found calling your parents by their first names odd , even though it makes sense when you 're an adult . 
  i 'm from tipp originally , and you will actually hear every possible variation being used . 
  that said , `` mam '' is probably overall the most common in the county in my experience , with `` mom '' closing the gap in second place each year . 
  i personally think you should have downloaded broken steel first . 
  i got it before i actually finished the game , and it integrates brilliantly into the story . 
  possibly the best dlc i 've ever bought . 
  i 'm considering point lookout at the moment . 
  it seems to be the best of what remains . 
  brilliant answer , thanks . 
  this confirms my inclination that point lookout is the one to go for next . 
  it does n't matter at what point in the game you play point lookout i assume ? 
  i have little use for caps at this stage if i 'm honest . 
  i can repair most my own gear , and have more medical supplies than i 'll ever use . 
  her majesty . 
  i 'm maxxed out at level 30 , so i should be grand . 
  i 'm actually annoyed none of the other dlc packages raise the level cap . 
  some of the fun in killing supermutants in the most gruesome way possible is lost when you do n't see the xp reward pop up on screen after the head has departed from their body . 
  bought new vegas in the summer sale too . 
  got both games for less than $ 10 . 
  will be starting it once i 've finished fallout 3 . 
  you 'd have to be pretty desperate for those tax savings to be willing to get married in this day and age . 
   if i remember correctly the cork one goes `` ma'uum '' . 
  never once heard that in all my years in cork . 
  rural/local newspapers are something ridiculous altogether . 
  the banal shit you see get turned into a massive story is rather remarkable in a way . 
  jaywalking can be a true skill in busy urban areas if you can do it without affecting the flow of traffic nor breaking your stride . 
  jeez , you seem unnecessarily bothered by that . 
  massive amount of people do n't even know this competition is going on at the moment . 
  that 's bizarre . 
  crimecall is on at an awkward time of night for me , so i rarely get to watch it even though i find it very interesting . 
  despite the * constant * repetition of the phone number , it 's one of rte 's best shows in my opinion . 
  wow op , either you 're trolling us for some bizarre reason , or you have absolutely no idea how 4chan works . 
  you 're coming off as one of those tumblrinas who got their asses handed to them when they tried to raid certain boards on 4chan a few weeks ago . 
  what were you doing on / pol / if you hate it so much ? 
  2 litre diesel does n't imply low spec . 
  it 's an immensely common engine type here in everything from toyotas to bmws . 
  women 's rugby world cup . 
  i only found out myself through / r/ireland . 
  people like you baffle me . 
  all they did was add an extra digit to the year identifier number on the plate . 
  it barely makes a difference at all . 
  nothing wrong with having nice things . 
  as long as you 're not obnoxious or arrogant about it . 
  money must n't be much of issue for yourself in that case . 
  10 cylinders though ? 
  old gen bmw m5/m6 ? 
  old rs6 ? 
  gallardo or viper even ? 
   starting in the 50s , the rnln aimed to be able to field two surface combatant squadrons, 
  what was the reasoning for this ? 
  hey , second hand m6 's are still expensive ( to buy and run ) , so you must n't be doing too badly . 
  do n't have the equipment . 
  could n't justify buying it . 
  the only tv i watch on an actual television is gaa/rugby , crimecall , and occasionally rte news . 
  that is quite cheap for any m car . 
  was she in good condition ? 
  much mileage done ? 
  i 'd love to know what they are , just out of curiosity . 
  i 'd say the running costs/tax/insurance are high on a car such as the m6 . 
  for one thing , that v10 was not known for being economical ( hell of an engine though ) . 
  well , i could always give my views on such protests and watch everybody attack me , if you think that would liven things up a bit . 
  but it 's really late , so i think i 'll just go to bed . 
  wow , that 's a weird combination of begrudgery and ignorance . 
  adding a single digit to the number plate system makes it neither better nor worse . 
  also , do n't forget that ireland takes a lot of tax on new car sales . 
  and what exactly can we do about the fact that ireland does n't have a native car industry ? 
  nothing . 
  i do n't know where you stand legally , but i will say that you 're lucky it 's a toyota . 
  their rims tend to be rather cheap to replace . 
  depending on where you take them to be repaired and the quality of work you want to receive , i would n't imagine a repair would be that much cheaper in my experience . 
  i would n't be able to tell you off the top of my head . 
  it depends on the company you go to , how severe the damage actually is , and what quality of a repair you want . 
   if by that you mean i do n't cravenly doff my cap to people who make more money than i do , sure . 
  yet at the same time you seem to have an issue with those who can buy new cars . 
  so yeah , begrudgery . 
   should ireland have a christmas 2 in june ? 
  christmas brings in loads of tax and for that we do have certain industries like cristmas trees and foods . 
  this is a moronic proposal . 
  if you ca n't see that adding a single digit to our licence plates could n't possibly be equated to making a duplicate of the biggest religious and commercial holiday of the year , i 've lost all hope of this conversation going anywhere constructive . 
   if people want to buy new cars they can go for it , but this change was bought in 2 years ago while we were still in recession . 
  the state encouraging an increase of new cars while only years previously encouraged the destruction of old ones can only be described as irresponsible . 
  there 's a difference between encouraging people to scrap their old cars and forcing them to do it . 
  a lot of people were delighted to avail of the scheme . 
  my father for example , got a fantastic deal on a new car during the last days of the scrappage scheme . 
   should arbitrary changes by made to existing government systems for the benefit of the few dozen ( few hundred ? ), 
  owners of car dealerships ? 
  i ca n't agree with it .
