  it would be the only context where i would n't judge a person for going to a nightclub . 
  only once the men lower their standards . 
  now , obviously i do n't have high standards because i 'm an ugly fuck who has zero interest in relationships and such . 
  but i can still comment on the aesthetic attractiveness of women , and i assure you that an irish man who has scandinavian level standards for example would rarely find them met in ireland . 
  wanting attractive women is n't reasonable ? 
  well , judges * do * have to be smart in order to properly carry out their job . 
  judging by all the downvoting , there are as lot of people in this thread who are insecure about their looks . 
   i 'm bringing my optimism to ireland with me when i go, 
  prepare to get a lot of odd looks . 
  define `` foreigner point of view '' . 
  because we do n't look all that different from people in the uk , belgium , etc ( we could also pass as american , australian , etc. ) . 
  in the past there was a distinctive irish `` look '' , but that no longer exists . 
   some bro fedora-ing about irish women . 
  i 'm the last person you 'd consider a `` bro '' , but i and many others think he is correct . 
  obesity is n't the only thing that makes somebody unattractive . 
  urgh , more ammo for the anti-wind turbine crowd . 
  as if they were n't insufferable enough . 
  eh , not really . 
  the people doing the downvoting have n't really been commenting , so it 's hard for anything of interest to develop . 
  i totally agree with your second point , but it 's only natural for a heterosexual man to comment on the attractiveness of irish women . 
  also , as many people in this thread have said , unattractiveness in ireland is more of unisex problem than just one relating to women . 
   / v / 's game of the year is bayonetta 2, 
   a wii u game, 
  i never thought i 'd see the day . 
  i 've heard it 's a great game though . 
  keep fighting the good fight . 
  i think he was referring moreso to your delusions that irish girls are in general good looking . 
  to be fair , i think the subject of this post was moreso physical attractiveness than anything . 
  what ? 
  we 're not `` enlightened '' because we do n't agree by default that irish women are generally attractive ? 
  sounds about right . 
   for one think our women look unreal . 
  what sort of bizarre standards do you have ? 
  i 'm not judging , per sae - but that was a bit of an unusual/uncommon statement to make as an irish guy . 
  me2 still had the combat that best suited the series . 
  however , as somebody who adored the me3 multiplayer , the me2 combat mechanics definitely would n't have lent themselves to multiplayer . 
   they could actually have 2 of the 4 final decisions carry over into a new masseffect game and not change the whole universe too badly . 
  but imagine the shitstorm from the people who chose the other endings . 
  do n't forget that they 're also pushing the shitty combat from the first game quite hard in the trailers at least . 
  it was the gaming surprise of the year for me . 
  in the lead-up to me3 's release , i was quite active in the mass effect fanbase ( before it started to become a magnet for game-playing tumblrinas ) , and i remember there being a lot of apprehension about the mere presence of the multiplayer . 
  hell , i did n't even try it until over a a month after i 'd finished the campaign . 
  but boy did i get hooked fast . 
  and bioware were surprisingly dedicated to the multiplayer for a year or so after release , with plenty of new content coming on line to keep things interesting . 
  it was ridiculously enjoyable , the playerbase was better than most , and it is the most satisfyingly challenging horde mode-type games i 've come across . 
  i still go back to it now and then , and there 's still quite a few people playing it on pc and 360 ( ca n't speak for the other platforms ) , and those that remain are largely super dedicated and skilled . 
  i do n't think he 's judging , to be fair . 
  just commenting based on his own standards/preferences . 
   irish women are decidedly average . 
  not compared to most of europe . 
  in my experience i 'd disagree , but there 's really not much more i can say about that . 
  so would you be one of those people who say that a man ca n't comment on the attractiveness of other men without being gay ? 
  because you 're essentially telling me that i ca n't comment on the aesthetic attractiveness of women unless i 'm actively seeking a relationship with one . 
  are you seeing the hypocrisy yet ? 
   i 'm saying that your opinion on what country has a high standard is innately subjective . 
  i never denied that . 
  but what i did say was that i 've heard multitudes of people in my time ( both irish and otherwise ) make comments similar to those in op 's post regarding irish women . 
  from that i inferred that there was some truth to it , and it correlated with my pre-existing opinion on the topic . 
   chill out there lad . 
  you 're commenting all over this thread like someone shat in your cereal . 
  i 've time off work . 
  that means reddit and tv , so i do n't really care how much i 've commented in this thread . 
  i found it interesting at least . 
  like , he 's not terrible . 
  but he does n't seem comfortable in the role or something . 
  to me it seems that he 's trying too hard to accurately portray the mannerisms of haughey which is negatively impacting on the overall quality of his acting . 
   his voice never changes tone no matter what scenario he is in . 
  it is a very flat , 2 dimensional portrayal there is no humanity in his performance . 
  very well put . 
  no , smaller . 
  department of social protection has condemned it and asked the pub to remove the department 's logo from the advertisements , according to the rte news . 
  roommate wants a tv in the apartment , so he pays the licence fee . 
  were it my choice , we 'd have none . 
  why are you watching it with your mother ? 
  well , the second part of the programme is on next week . 
  as much as i agree that the irish education system is woefully ill-equipped ( or in most cases , not equipped at all ) to provide sexual education , i ca n't understand how people can lack so much common sense when it comes to sex . 
  myself and many others like me had zero sexual education in our 13 years in the irish education system , yet i think it 's fair to say that the majority of us did n't all turn into emotionally and sexually broken people . 
  so while it 's undoubtedly a good idea to have comprehensive ( and appropriately implemented ) sexual education in irish schools , i ca n't help but think it would all be unnecessary if common sense was more , well , common . 
  do n't tell mammy though . 
  / r/nofap is a bit cult-ish for my liking . 
  personally speaking , i would have loathed to have received any sort of sexual education from my parents , and i 'm actually thankful i never did . 
  god , it would have been awful and i would have quite likely walked out of the room if they had tried to do so . 
  similar to my opinions on how unnecessary sexual education in schools would be in an ideal world , if common sense were more commonplace it would n't be necessary . 
  but alas , that is n't the case so parents educating their children * in conjunction * with schools is probably the best realistic alternative for the benefit of society as a whole . 
   yeah , most of us have n't turned into emotionally & sexually stunted people ... or have we ? 
  we might be adjusted enough to get by , but it does n't mean we ca n't be better and more open in our own relationships now . 
  we can only speak for ourselves , but i personally think the irish have got a good balance going when it comes to sexual topics . 
  i find the level of openness desired by some when it comes to sexuality to be a bit invasive and uncomfortable . 
  who knows what ? 
  i do n't believe that i have any issues relating to sexuality or porn , so i think i 'll give it a skip . 
  that 's not to dismiss what merit the talk may have though . 
  he was an absolute tool in every sense of the word . 
  had to mute the tv when he was on . 
   demystification and education goes a long way to avoiding problems in the future ... just look at japan , extreme porn and anime pores out of the place , but they 've a plummeting birth rate because they 've seemingly lost the ability to even speak to someone of the opposite sex , let alone have actual sex and relationships . 
  we can teach others by being open ourselves . 
  that 's a bad comparison . 
  according to the most recent report on the japanese population issue i read , the japanese youth are actually having plenty of sex , they 're just choosing not to procreate . 
  this national lack of desire to have children is being caused by a myriad of other societal and work-culture issues . 
  there was a good article about it on the front page of reddit last week . 
  so , i do n't think japan works as a depiction of a sort of dystopian end game if we do n't all open up about sex .
