  but hanekawa is a good girl . 
  will we be waiting days for subs again this time ? 
  learn to greentext . 
   with the above under your consideration coupled with abject poverty, 
  which brings us back to another popular topic of indian discussion ; india needs to stop spending money on a space programme and sort its society out first . 
  jesus , you 're right . 
  considering how slow the subs were for episode 9 , i 'm considerably surprised . 
  so koyomi seed takes place before tsukimonogatari ? 
  because araragi seems to be aware of the risks of using too much of his vampire powers when speaking with yotsugi at the caf\u00e9 . 
  would somebody mind reminding me when izuko gave araragi the god talisman ? 
  ca n't remember for the life of me . 
  ca n't stump the trump . 
  please refrain from trying to teach us something that 's wrong . 
  * sure * it is . 
   immorality is defined as promiscuity . 
  promiscuity is just one aspect of immorality . 
   abstinence-only education and personal shame . 
  which is fine by me , and the failure of these methods is not because they are inherently bad , but because people lack self-control ( which i referred to earlier ) . 
   that 's why criticizing sluttiness and calling people hos is more than just an expression of distaste ; it feeds into a vicious social cycle that we 're only just getting out of . 
  i see nothing wrong with promoting abstinence . 
  sure , make people aware of the alternatives if they 're gon na be devoid of all self control , but that wo n't stop people like me from labelling such behaviour as immoral and slutty . 
   so if your reason for expressing that attitude is mere distaste , rather than any sort of ethical stand , you should remember the negative consequences and reconsider your position . 
  i should n't be forced to change my moral position on something because others make poor decisions and suffer from the results . 
  it 's an obvious move , but short of relinquishing power , there 's nothing fg ( or the other parties ) can do to stop it . 
  it 's your choice to watch it . 
  i do n't pay a tv licence . 
  but then again , i do n't own a tv either . 
  that was n't the case last week though . 
  i was sitting in / a / 's thread ( s ) for episode 9 and the subs took much longer than usual to appear . 
   well shut up then !, 
  you 've no reason to complain . 
  i 'm not complaining . 
  if anything , i 'm pointing out a solution to op 's woes . 
  ... does your corolla actually have front fog lights ? 
  given its age , only higher spec models would have come with them . 
  front fog lamps are n't required by law . 
  just know how to turn on the rear ones for the test and you should be fine . 
   running from gaen, 
  why would she be running from gaen ? 
  everybody on 4chan is depressed to on extent or another . 
  anybody who claims otherwise is a normie and does n't belong on the board . 
  well the point is that the normie does n't belong there in the first place . 
  nice superiority complex you got going on there . 
  bernie supporter detected . 
   trump is a xenophobic , incindeary idiot who will drive this country into the ground . 
  citation needed , libcuck . 
  that 's all they have though . 
  it 's one of the reasons they 're so despised . 
  they 're living in a fool 's paradise . 
   unless he opts out a tv and tv licence altogether, 
  that was my implied suggestion . 
  i fail to see how . 
  if anything the normies are `` trying too hard '' to convince themselves that they are n't living a lie . 
  remind me again how anybody in their right mind could like paul murphy ? 
  what was worse about the indians ? 
  he 's * always * smiling though ( well , it 's more of a smug grin ) . 
  it 's one of the things about him that unnerves me . 
   i 'm going to make a huge leap here and assume you know at least one person that likes you, 
  no , i 'm reviled equally by all . 
  i fail to see how it could be any worse . 
  also , are n't the indians at the very least polite to your face ? 
  sure we ca n't even take some shitty islands in the south china sea from them . 
  that 's how bad things have become . 
  but muh waifus !, 
  why is that good exactly ? 
  maybe he was just being polite ? 
   the thing that 's worth pointing out is that women 's role in society was massively restricted . 
  but it 's not like there 's anything we can do about that now . 
  relevant username if ever there was one . 
  given the amount of attention the women of 1916 have been getting on rt\u00c9 , you 'd swear there was a 50/50 gender split in the gpo during the rising . 
   irish flag, 
   planned parenthood, 
  abortion is n't even legal in ireland . 
   but it does help you live a healthier , happier life . 
  so , a normie life ? 
  not having sex does n't necessarily render it impossible to be a normie . 
   do they even have planned parenthood in your country ? 
  abortion is illegal except in very specific circumstances , so go figure . 
  i really hope it is . 
  depends where the war took place . 
  south korea 's army is almost 100 % geared towards defending their territory from north korea and possibly china . 
  they 'd fight a solid defensive war and short range offensive war , but if they had to travel a significant distance overseas , i think they 'd falter . 
  but that does n't make it inaccurate . 
  that 's one hell of a generalisation you made about straight white men . 
  which is especially hilarious since anime is n't even geared towards white people to begin with . 
   mostly because we 're so pandered to . 
  you do realise that the anime industry does n't pander to white people ? 
  they focus almost entirely on the japanese market . 
  typically shit anime ( there 's a few exceptions , but it 's rare ) aimed specifically at female anime fans . 
  ** edit : ** looks like i pissed off some fujos . 
  then do n't watch anime in public . 
  it 's not that complicated . 
  that 's your problem if you choose to watch anime in a public place . 
  s2 was only enjoyed by teenagers who think that highschool is * srs bzns * . 
  s1 was genuinely funny and entertaining , whereas s2 was `` muh teenage melodrama '' from start to finish . 
   i hate how people throw that term around with so much negative connotation around it . 
  the term `` melodrama '' has inherently negative connotations . 
  this is the kind of comment i see screencapped on / a / when they 're mocking / r/anime . 
  do you have any idea how pretentious you sound ? 
  yeah , i think that caused her to be very relatable to a lot of people and why she 's often considered the best girl in the series .
