  i 've seen everything from innocuous question posts regarding xbox problems/issues to game suggestions get viciously downvoted for no apparent reason ( rarely are there follow-up comments justifying the downvoting ) . 
  normally this sort of thing would n't bother me , but i would expect a subreddit like this to have a bit more of a community vibe . 
  does anybody know why this is ? 
  * ( sits and waits for downvotes ) *, 
  so , i 'm a university student studying french as part of my business degree . 
  a french history/culture module forms part of this , and largely deals with french social & political change in post-war france . 
  i love a good history documentary , and with exams on the way , i 'm just wondering could anybody recommend me a documentary or two that covers this period . 
  just to get another perspective or angle on the facts . 
  french or english , it does n't matter - although , given the often dodgy quality of my french , subtitles would be a useful option in the former case . 
  i know a post like this would be more suited to / r/frenchhistory , but that subreddit seems a bit dead . 
  any help appreciated . 
  hope this post in english does n't clash too much with the sea of french posts ... ... 
  [ ] ( / wasthereeveranydoubt ) because we ca n't always be a hugbox . 
  i would go with the influence of the plounge skype group , but i just ca n't ignore the sheer amount of attention-seeking posts that the subreddit has garnered in recent times . 
  maybe the plounge was always that way and i just did n't notice , but the amount of posts that i 've seen here recently that are so obviously just looking for attention and a reaction ( that people seem often all too willing to give , which creates an endless cycle ) is baffling . 
  or maybe i 'm just getting old and bitter because so many of my friends from here are now gone . 
  hello french people . 
  i 'm hoping you can help me out again . 
  i love comics , and to practice my french i 've been recently getting into les bande dessin\u00e9es . 
  i fortunately have no problem accessing them , but i would like to be able to know what ones are worth reading ( i have a wide variety of tastes , but as with all things , there are issues worth avoiding ) . 
  is there any site that has a comprehensive list of reviews of various bds ? 
  okay , this may seem like a very stupid question , but i have very little experience with cds/dvds . 
  essentially , i recently came across a bunch of blank dvds ( it says `` dvd+r '' on the disk to be precise ) . 
  now , i have zero use for these because i store everything digitally . 
  however , my car does have a cd player ( and no other way to play music from an external source ) , so i was thinking if i could put music onto them , they might not be a complete waste of space . 
  now , in my innocent ignorance , i first just put the music on the disk and tried it on the cd player - it did n't work . 
  so , i 'm just wondering is there any way to format a dvd so that it can be used to play mp3 files in a cd player ? 
  again , i 'm aware that i may just be spouting nonsense here , but any help appreciated regardless . 
  just curious to hear the various ways people use the internet to make money ( other than the obvious answer : porn ) . 
  so , yeah - i finally got around to watching the mental and visual rollercoaster that is flcl , and i have to say my brain is a little bit fried . 
  now , i think i managed to pick up most the plot alright ( on a surface level at least ) , but as is often said about flcl ; it 's not * really * about space pirates , vespas , and guitars . 
  it 's very obviously a coming-of-age/growing-up themed anime , but i 'm having trouble trying to pinpoint how any of the events in the 6 episodes correlate with that theme . 
  that sounds like a bit of a contradiction , i know . 
  but for some reason i picked up what the theme of the series was without actually consciously seeing where it was being addressed . 
  so , if you 've managed to make sense of what i 've said so far , would anybody mind explaining to me how flcl presents the theme of growing up and such ? 
  or at least point me to an article or something that might help me understand it ? 
  because i 'm literally scratching my head in confusion here ... . 
  ( also , what is the deal with mamimi ? 
  does she represent something or what ? ), 
  a trusted second hand game shop in my city has a couple of absolutely mint condition psps on sale for about $ 70 , and i was thinking of picking one up . 
  first of all , do you guys think it 's worth it ? 
  also , i have no idea what the games selection for the psp is like . 
  is there a good selection with decent variety ? 
  any games that you 'd recommend ? 
  one of my xbox live friends has his online status permanently set to `` appear offline '' - we never know he 's online until he joins our party . 
  now i 've no problem at all with this , but i am curious as to how he 's doing it ( he never really explained it ) . 
  whenever i fiddle with the preferences on my 360 , you have to set your online status to `` appear offline '' every time you boot up - and during the brief period before you do that you appear as online . 
  anybody know how my friend is managing to appear offline * all * the time ? 
  my father is a big gaa fan , so sky getting rights to certain matches this year has annoyed him quite a bit as we only have the poverty channels . 
  the only streams i can find for him online have terrible quality . 
  anybody got any good suggestions ? 
  i 'm planning on buying a psp within the next month , but i 'm rather confused by the different variants and memory subvariants . 
  is there any particular version i should be looking for ? 
  also , a friend told me that you can still buy a psp new - is there any truth to this ? 
  i 'm planning on going second hand anyway , but i 'd like to compare prices if it were true . 
  there does n't appear to be any survey up for august yet - has it been discontinued ? 
  i bought fallout 3 in the summer sale and frankly i 've fallen in love with it . 
  i 've already bought the broken steel dlc ( which was amazing ) , but i 'm wondering now is any of the other dlc worth buying ? 
  i remember it being slammed by people here when it was launched , so i was just wondering has it gotten any better since ? 
  i know these missions are an absolute chore , but i 'm a bit of a completionist so i 'd like to get them done . 
  fortunately i have all but the last one completed on hard , but i 'm missing the mission specific achievements for 3 of them . 
  anybody interested in helping me out ? 
  i 'm going to be online quite a bit over the next few days , so timing should n't be an issue . 
  i 'm considering getting it for 360 , but i 'll be buying an xbone sometime next year . 
  in terms of graphics , performance , and gameplay experience , is it better to hold off on buying destiny until i get an xbone ? 
  i know boosting threads are n't exactly welcome here , but i 've exhausted almost all other options at this stage . 
  i need somebody to play the last battlefield 3 co-op mission with me on the hardest difficulty . 
  virtually nobody is left playing the missions at the moment in matchmaking ( because frankly the levels are rather shit - most people give up during the sniping in paris mission ) , and those i have played with were awful at the game . 
  anybody up for it ? 
  one mission , if things go well it will be done in less than half an hour . 
  my gold membership ran out yesterday , and i 'm a bit strapped for cash this month . 
  i have a large balance outstanding on my xbox live account though , and i 'm wondering is there any way i can use this to renew my gold in lieu of a credit card ? 
  during the forerunner-precursor war ( which i must admit i 'm rather sketchy on the details ) , the forerunners were somehow managing to trounce the precursors . 
  now , apparently the precursors possess the ability to change into some sort of `` dust '' either when killed or of their own volition ( no sources i can find on this seem to give a concrete answer which is correct ) . 
  according to the halo wiki , this dust regenerates somehow into `` past forms '' of the precursors . 
  leaving my confusion about that aside , some of this dust became `` corrupted '' by age/time and exhibited qualities similar to those of the flood . 
  now , from what i 've read , the remaining precursors harnessed this as a final act of revenge against the forerunners by using it as the basis for the flood . 
  does this mean that the flood are in fact ancient precursors at their core ? 
  if so , why is this exactly ? 
  if not , what determines which humans can use the technology ? 
  i know this is a fairly basic question , but it 's something i 've never been able to get a definite answer on since the forerunner saga of books was released and tangled with some of the established canon in this regard . 
  reclaimers are humans who possess the ability to interact with forerunner technology by means of the librarian 's gift . 
  but where did the term originate from in the lore ? 
  why would the forerunners give such a title to humanity ? 
  what was humanity destined to `` reclaim '' ? 
  in addition , why was 343 guilty spark so delighted to see reclaimers arriving on installation 04 before the flood had even broken loose ? 
  anybody remember that video that went viral there during the winter with the very bad nationwide flooding a few years ago ? 
  it was from a rte news report where they were interviewing an elderly farming couple on their badly flooded farm somewhere up the country . 
  the wife did most the talking and was her unusual accent/manner of speaking made everything she said unintentionally funny . 
  the line that she became famous for was `` every bit of land we have is covered '' , which inspired musical remixes and the like . 
  thing is , i ca n't find the original video anywhere online . 
  so , anybody able to help me out ? 
  ( provided you know what i 'm talking about and do n't think i sound like a lunatic ), 
  finally had some free time to catch up on the escalation comics recently . 
  i 've been enjoying them so far , but i must admit # 9 and # 10 just left me completely lost . 
  blue team was deployed to the site the composer was excavated from in halo 4 and found black team dead . 
  then they discover a portal to some forerunner planet/installation , and then there 's a flashback and we see the didact falling from space . 
  and then things get even more confusing from that point onwards ... 
  i consider myself relatively well-informed when it comes to halo lore , but i ca n't figure out what the hell was going on in those two issues of escalation - or more importantly , * why * any of the events were happening . 
  and this is even after i 'd read the discussions over on / r/halo .
