  you do n't get elected to the most powerful position in the world by being nice ( well , not since jimmy carter at least ) . 
  both . 
   full of lies and scaremonging propaganda . 
  that does n't make their election any less legitimate or democratic though . 
  lies , scaremongering , and propaganda have been part of any functioning democracy as long as democracy itself has existed . 
  some may be more extreme than others , but that 's rather irrelevant . 
  the people had their say . 
  eh , trump could make things worse or make things better ( most likely both in my opinion ) . 
  hillary will just maintain the status quo . 
  sometimes you just got ta play the wildcard . 
   so while you do n't have to be nice , people do have to like you . 
  i never denied that . 
   by that measure trump is in a historically weak position as a presidential candidate . 
  despite reaching historical levels of popularity among republican party delegates ? 
   it is okay and honestly necessary at this point to admit the system has failed us . 
  if trump gets elected , then the system has n't failed * me * . 
  i think the point being made was that irish women are n't attractive . 
   people who disagree with me are ignorant , useless fucks, 
  a bigoted bernieboy - what a surprise !, 
  well , all i 'll say is that if they elect hillary , they have no right to complain about the status quo . 
   a good education system involves jumping around and moving objects, 
  what ? 
  normie detected . 
  i guess you ca n't handle the trump bantz , friendo . 
  if you 're the type that gets offended by absolutely everything , that 's hardly surprising . 
  by who though ? 
  you ? 
  but you 're the hated one ( might wan na consider a name change before the election campaign gets going ) . 
   unlike in many previous us elections , one candidate , clinton , is so obviously the better candidate in every way that i consider anyone not supporting her an idiot . 
  i guess you do n't know much about clinton then . 
  her history is far more sullied than trump 's . 
  hillary is far more likely to provoke ww3 than trump . 
  trump is an military isolationist . 
   you are telling me that isis wo n't lure trump to wage war on them ? 
  america is already at war with isis in everything but name . 
  there are even special forces boots on the ground in iraq . 
   but after terrorist attack after terrorist attack on the us trump will look week unless he counter acts, 
  that would be the case for any president , not just trump . 
  hillary would definitely go to war under those circumstances . 
   putin has spoken about his admiration for trump 's stance of muslims . 
  the new potential defrosted relationship they have both spoken of will involve combined efforts to eliminate radical muslims . 
  finally becoming friends with the only nation capable of wiping them out and destroying the muslim world is a win for trump supporters . 
  destroying muslim extremists = / = destroying the muslim world . 
  regardless , we should welcome thawing relations between washington and moscow . 
  significant reduces the chance of a nuclear war ( not that the chance was high to begin with ) . 
  well , that 's why i said :, 
   yet oddly i 'm getting more support for my opinions in this comments section than i ever have received before in / r/ireland . 
  maybe / r/ireland is finally becoming more tolerant of opposing opinions ( i would n't hold my breath though ) . 
   i removed my top as a peaceful protest . 
  i took it off to send a message, 
  as is always the case with this lot ... 
  that is one of the most attention-seeking pieces of `` journalism '' i 've ever read . 
  full of hyperbole and what i can only assume is made up bullshit . 
  i never said that they were agreeing with me . 
  what i meant is what you just said :, 
   but are perhaps seeing that your concern is legitimate and not automatically deserving of ridicule because it is not their own belief . 
  hence the upvotes , i assume . 
   it 's a viciously ignorant double standard that certainly deserves attention, 
  although i disagree with that sentiment , the article is still rubbish . 
   so you 're just fine with the way things are ? 
  yes . 
   do you have something beyond derision to contribute ? 
  you ca n't beat a good auld bit of derision when it 's well deserved . 
   what good are you , anyway ? 
  ah , i 'm great sure . 
  no it would n't . 
  most garda\u00ed i 've ever dealt with were sound . 
  good . 
   replace every priest, 
  even the good priests ? 
   sky fairy with super powers, 
  do you guys ever get tired of being edgy ? 
  genuine question . 
   i found my self coming in , in the mournings , and after eating full bowl of porridge , toast , fruit tea and avocados , eggs sometimes, 
  i 'd be mourning too after a breakfast like that . 
  irish immigrants may have played a role in the `` repressed catholic '' stereotype developing in america . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c2mvow3a7t8 ) is my go-to bit for explaining this irish mentality ( it helps if you mentally replace every instance of `` catholic '' with `` irish catholic '' , because that 's what he 's actually referring to ) . 
   i 'm angry and ashamed that fellow members of my species are are wasting time and energy involved in religion , which is basicly a mental illness . 
  that right there , is textbook edginess . 
  unless it interferes with your day to day life , people 's personal beliefs are none of your concern . 
  because you 're not talking about institutionalized religion , you 're bitching about the mere fact that some people have religious faith . 
  and this triggers you . 
  you sad , little man . 
  i hope all your troubles in life are this minor . 
   you too will feel angry , shame , pity that a friend is wallowing in such tripe and there 's not a damn thing you can do about it . 
  nice superiority complex you 've got going there . 
  did they too enjoy shame ? 
  ray left rt ? 
  did he leave on good terms or was there another reason ? 
  those indents in general are incredibly cringeworthy . 
  most of them seem like a 40 year old 's idea of what young people might consider `` cool '' and `` trendy '' . 
  what happens when we 're overrun with pine martens ? 
   essentially admitting that you have no answer . 
  when i called you `` edgy '' , there was no question to be answered . 
  yes , it 's an insult - it was meant purely as such . 
  hence it 's not an ad hominem because there was no greater motivation or goal at play , so stop trying to dismiss what the insult by pointing that out . 
   except their beliefs do t have to be taken seriously by others when those beliefs are manifestly ridiculous, 
  and what do you or anybody else gain by openly mocking the personal beliefs of others ? 
  sure , you 're entitled to do so , but who does it benefit ? 
  what is the goal ?
