  because it sure as hell is n't gon na make religious people reconsider their beliefs . 
   you are not eating jesus arm at communion catholics , you are not drinking blood . 
  jesus is n't one person with his own father and another person . 
  etc etc, 
  you believe that , they believe otherwise . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  but are n't the eagles even worse ? 
  but then we 're stuck with farmers !, 
  well , personally , i just want to piss off all those annoying stoners i met in college by keeping it illegal . 
  it 's incredibly petty , i know . 
  but it 's not like i would be outraged if it was legalised either . 
  i clearly made the distinction between institutionalized religion and personal beliefs of the individual in one of my earlier comments . 
  it 's the latter i 'm defending . 
  i 've unfortunately had these debates often enough to know the pitfalls . 
  my mistake . 
  the recap movies are a more cohesive package than the actual tv anime , for me at least . 
  they lose that weird pacing from the first 6 or so episodes . 
   and i did n't like it ( especially the 2nd arc ) . 
  the second arc is handled far better in the second movie . 
   sakurasou no pet na kanojo, 
  loved that show right up until the aftermath of the christmas episode . 
  i 've never seen a show in that genre fuck up the landing so badly in the last few episodes . 
  and there 's currently no escape from people talking about it en masse on any anime website/board . 
  if i have to see another screenshot of its incredibly generic art style pop up in front of me again i think i 'll just have to quit following anime for a while . 
  is the sargasso sea only considered a sea due to the surrounding dominant currents ? 
  first time watcher here . 
  mio is the best , right ? 
  * right ? 
  well , if the new deli counter was n't blessed and it later spontaneously combusted , management would be kicking themselves . 
  look at that pavement fly !, 
   american shopping customs, 
   not being utterly retarded, 
  this is the same country where tax is n't included in the price of products on the shelves of a supermarket . 
  yes . 
  it 's only been posted an hour and / r/ireland is circlejerking hard on this already . 
  we can have `` civilised '' discussions on a wide variety of topics , but the moment religion comes up , about half of the userbase turns into / r/atheism types . 
  i 've not heard good things about lidl and aldi as employers in general . 
  what they offer you on the table may seem good , but they 'll work you to the bone for it . 
  probably should n't have invaded russia . 
  also declaring war on the usa was a bit of a kneejerk reaction . 
  but not all atheists are the annoying type that we seem to get here . 
  disproving the existence of other gods is n't a goal of most organised religions today . 
  you can choose to believe in whatever god ( s ) you want . 
  no , the `` magic sky fairy '' types who jump at every chance to belittle religion and the religious ( at this includes constantly reminding people that god is n't real ) . 
  i 'm not religious but i ca n't abide that sort of childish behaviour . 
   to make hillary supporters look like dumbasses, 
  it 's not like they need any help in that regard . 
   the problem is the moderate religious people allow for extremism to exist, 
  when this accusation is made in the context of islamic terrorism , the accusers are called islamaphobic . 
   that is why people belittle it it is a ridiculous and dangerous belief . 
  it is n't the beliefs of catholicism that are inherently dangerous to modern society . 
  it 's the lack of secularisation that 's the issue . 
   look at the youth defence they are catholic mental cases they are a danger to society . 
  most irish catholics distance themselves from youth defence ( or in my experience , do n't know what youth defence are ) . 
  there 's a reason most their funding comes from abroad . 
   believing that there is a world after is a dangerous it allows people to justify doing terrible things . 
  equally it encourages religious people to do good things . 
  everybody has different motivations for the things they do in life - for some people it 's their faith . 
   not supporting trump, 
  unless you want to maintain the status quo in america , trump is the only viable candidate going back as far as the primaries . 
  they will go down in history as the renaissance men of their art . 
   zika virus, 
   killing anybody, 
  if the middle east becomes a zika hotspot , the only difference will be that in 20 years we 'll be bombing tiny-headed jihadists . 
   i 'm with her, 
   saying this unironically, 
   ever, 
   or people can just have their own moral code and do something because they care and not because their god is looking down on them judging them ? 
  people derive their moral code from many things . 
  their upbringing , their parents , life experiences , and often their religion . 
  and i see absolutely nothing wrong with that ( provided they do n't use religion as a justification to do overtly * bad * things ) . 
   we are human we have compassion built in, 
  source ? 
   which is better me helping someone because i want to or someone else because they worry about their reward in their afterlife ? 
  i do n't care as long as a good work is done . 
   religion at this stage causes more harm than good its usefulness has long passed . 
  in your opinion ... 
   so hillary goes undercover to the rival dealership and waits at the watercolor to tell people that really her cars are quite amazing and why do n't you just hop on over there ? 
  but anybody who is gon na be at the overtly anti-hillary dealership in the first place is n't gon na be so easily swung to her side . 
  so , it 's just speculation ? 
  what makes you think that trump would start a nuclear war ? 
  he 's far more of a military isolationist than warhawk hillary . 
  mosquitos prefer hot and wet environments as opposed to bone dry desert , so they may be localised in areas with a water supply, 
  lads , you 'd swear society was succumbing to some sort of plague here . 
  you 're not a victim unless you choose to be , so quit the `` woe is me , woe is society '' bullshit . 
  and ? 
  how is any of that relevant to what i said ? 
  do you know what a metaphor is ? 
  you should read up on the benefits of forest fires to the forest . 
  that 's what people said back during the primaries , and look where he is now . 
   yeah but voting for trump is n't going to upset the status quo . 
  it will moreso than voting hillary . 
  hillary * is * the status quo . 
  in newborn babies there is a proven link . 
  when you 're `` pretty sure '' of something , one usually has a reason for attaining that level of certainty . 
  you guys are becoming a parody of yourselves . 
   i also consider trump a raging buffoon unfit for office . 
   letting the liberal media cuck you into thinking this, 
   do you expect me to link a harvard study when i say my ass itches ? 
  yes .
