  as i 've said already , once you upload something to the internet , it 's no longer yours ( unless you 're monetizing it ) . 
  after all , the person who takes it is n't even taking the original copy . 
  am i stealing when i see a funny picture on the internet , save the image as a jpg to my harddrive , and then email it to a few friends later ? 
   entirely irrelevant . 
  well , no . 
  when you equated two situations that were not the same , my distinction is actually very relevant . 
   really it 's just selfishness combined with a stunning lack of self-awareness and i want no part of it . 
  i agree , and that sub would n't be my cup of tea either . 
  but i still do n't agree with it being forcefully being taken down . 
   look , i get it that you 're going to play dense and ignorant until the cows come home . 
  hmm , and i thought you were the one incapable of understanding how the internet works . 
   and you know that you 're just another creep jacking it to stuff that gets you off because that photo is not out there with the permission of the person who is its subject . 
  never visited the subreddit in my life , buddy . 
  today was the first time i ever heard of it . 
  you sure love making assumptions though !, 
   and someone else requested it . 
  with the express intent of taking it all the content and destroying it for the subreddit 's members . 
  they can claim whatever they want . 
  all that matters is whether they have the clout and the support from the appropriate nations to do so . 
  after all , that 's how israel was formed in the first place . 
   people do , however wrongly , often consider it private though, 
  and that 's a serious mistake on their part . 
  there are unscrupulous people on the internet who exploit naivety like that . 
  people need to educate themselves . 
   the moderators of subreddits can do whatever they want , it 's perfectly legal . 
  yes , but is n't the normal assumption that moderators work * for * the subreddit , not against it ? 
   you are quick to defend the legality of what the folks posting to that subreddit are doing yet when someone comes in to do something just as legal to defend the women whose photos have been posted there you condemn them . 
  why do you only defend the legal rights of the creeps here ? 
  because this is something that should n't happen on reddit . 
  communities should n't be insidiously shut down just because other people disagree with their content . 
  there are plenty of subs that i dislike the content of , but i would still consider it wrong it they were shut down in a manner such as the one being discussed . 
  it 's like ( bad analogy incoming ) vigilante justice . 
   they are the same in terms of legitimacy . 
  debatable . 
  historical pretext ( no matter how long ago was ) versus zero historical pretext makes one claim at least a small bit more legitimate than the other . 
  plenty of countries down through history have reclaimed land that was lost to them for centuries , often without any international support . 
   jews have absolutely zero claim to the lands of palestine . 
  zero . 
  again , false . 
  their claim is weak due to the length of times that has passed since they occupied the region , but it exists . 
  were the admins aware of the intentions of those who were taking over though ? 
   that was your argument when defending the folks posting the photos , logically should n't that argument also apply to the new mods of that sub ? 
  i 'm not talking about the legality or ethics side of the takeover - i 'm talking about what 's good/bad for reddit as a community and a website . 
   when it comes down to it moderators can do whatever they want with their subreddits as long as it 's legal and does n't violate sight rules . 
  as far as i can tell no rules being broken here . 
  and you do n't think that 's a bad thing for reddit ? 
  that people who dislike a certain subreddit can legitimately gain control of it and shut it down ? 
  admittedly , the original mods of the sub are also at fault for letting the sub lie fallow for so long , but i like to that think the moderators of a subreddit are interested in its content and want the best for the place . 
  is that not in reddit 's best interest ? 
   you were talking about legality and ethics at the beginning of this conversation . 
  i do n't think it 's bad for reddit to be rid of this particular community , good fucking ridance . 
  yes , but then we the topic shifted slightly from the content of the subreddit and how it was acquired to the takeover itself . 
  but in terms of full disclosure ; no the takeover was n't illegal , but it was ethically iffy . 
  however , as i said , i 'm not talking about those aspects but instead how the takeover affects reddit . 
   no i do not . 
  these folks followed the rules and were able to get rid of a shitty subreddit . 
  so , if you do n't like a subreddit it deserves to get taken down ? 
  huh , i did n't know your opinion held so much sway on reddit . 
   no it clearly fucking is n't . 
  ... you do n't believe that mods of a subreddit should be interested in the content of the subreddit and want the best for the place ? 
  i do n't even ... 
  well , if new moderators take over a subreddit of 25k people with the sole intent of destroying it , yes i do think it matters . 
   well ok so do you want the sub as it now taken down ? 
  well , there 's not much left to be taken down . 
  it 's a shell . 
  why would i want a shell taken down ? 
   why should the sub be changed just because you want it to be like it was before ? 
  because can you imagine if this happened on any other subreddit ?!, 
  some nutjobs take control of / r/adviceanimals because they hate the shitty content there and then proceed to delete everything that was ever posted there . 
  can you not see why doing such a thing is wrong and bad for reddit ? 
  how would you react if your favourite subreddit was taken over and destroyed in such a manner ? 
  if it happened to me i 'd be pissed . 
   the bottom line is that the mods can edit the css however they want . 
  sorry this is not your call . 
  and delete all the content ever posted , rendering the subreddit pointless for it 's community ? 
  that 's not how moderators work . 
  are you intentionally being dense ? 
   honestly that 'd be funny as fuck . 
  reddit is not important . 
  the amount of drama that deleting the posts from / r/adviceanimals would cause would entertain me for days . 
  maybe so . 
  i hate that subreddit , but i 'd still think it would be the wrong thing to do . 
  there are actually subreddits i like on this site , many of them small ones . 
  i do n't like the idea that people who disagree with their content could possibly just take them over and destroy them . 
   are you ? 
  this was a subreddit designed to invade the privacy of young women , do n't forget that . 
  i 'm not talking about the content . 
  i 'm talking about the principle of destroying a subreddit and ruining it for its community . 
  sure , you support it now because you disagree with the content of the subreddit that was wrecked . 
  but i 'm sure you 'd be singing a different tune if it was a subreddit you enjoyed . 
   but going beyond all of that it is still within rights of the mods to do whatever they want with their subreddit . 
  they can delete whatever they want . 
  i 'm not disputing that fact , so quit saying `` sorry '' . 
  i do however consider it wrong that the possibility exists for a subreddit to be insidiously destroyed for no given or justifiable reason without the consent of the community . 
   no one cares about the shitstains in / r/blackfathers / r/trayvonmartin and / r/holocaust ruining those subs . 
  those subs are being ruined somehow ? 
   i think it 's ridiculous that you 're using the word `` consent '' to defend this particular subreddit . 
  as i said earlier , you ca n't deny the consent to use something you do n't have control over . 
  that goes for things you upload to facebook and such . 
  members of a subreddit on the other hand have a justifiable expectation that moderators will largely work in their best interests .
