  and it 's accuracy leaves a lot to be desired . 
   it 's literally leaving it on the table . 
  no it 's not . 
  paying for premium is like ordering an xl meal at mcdonalds ; you get more in your meal , but you 're paying for that extra food . 
   i would rather just be able to play the game and not have the game updates ever, 
  well , then you would n't be able to play against other people . 
  the m44 is n't * that * op . 
  it 's a jack of all trades , master of none . 
  accuracy is a notable weak point too . 
   sloped armour is the only thing the t-34 had going for it . 
  wide tracks with a good power to weight ratio also helped . 
   the tiger was a heavy tank and was best suited for urban warfare, 
  absolute bullshit of the highest order . 
  may have been somewhat true for the soviet heavies , but the german heavies and most mediums had long range guns and were designed to pick off enemy tanks before they got in firing range . 
  that depends on how you define `` best tank of the war '' . 
  most advanced ? 
  most effective ? 
  most powerful ? 
  different criteria provide different answers . 
  i fail to see how that implies that the tigers were better suited to urban warfare when they clearly were n't by design . 
   so , i got ta figure that with this new update , good light drivers who know how to actually stay alive , and sneak their way into position to find and disrupt the enemy - you know , actual scouting - are going to be ever more important moving forward . 
  already starting to notice this on the battlefield . 
  was playing a quick match today in my vk .20.08 on fjords , and i raced up to the central plateau to scout when i slammed into 3 enemy scouts fanning out across the field . 
  i have never once seen more than one scout up there in the past . 
  and this was n't an isolated incident . 
  i 've been grinding my vk .20.08 since yesterday , and i 'm seeing way more scouts on teams than i used to . 
  maybe it 's something to do with the matchmaking , but i think the increasing necessity of scouts for teams to do well is starting to become apparent . 
  the maus would have been a pretty awful tank . 
   this idea that german tanks broke down a lot and were ineffective is simply false, 
   it 's been passed around because people only like to talk about the tigers and panthers . 
  these two statements seem to contradict each other . 
  sure , the pz . 
  iv made up the bulk of the german armor for the duration of the war , but the tiger and panther populations were n't insignificant . 
  when two of your most famous tanks were plagued with technical issues , that 's going to earn a justified reputation . 
   yes , the strategy was to send a handful of shermans against a tiger because the shermans were quick enough that in the time it took for the tiger 's heavy-as-fuck turret to rotate and pick off each sherman with its 88mm cannon ( basically a one-hit kill on a sherman ) , the last surviving sherman could make it behind the tiger and land a hit on its external fuel tanks . 
  it was the only effective way to kill a tiger in a tank battle since their armor was so thick everywhere else , other than the top of the turret . 
  sounds like you 've been watching fury a bit too much . 
  also , which external fuel tanks are you referring to ? 
  the tiger did n't have any external fuel tanks on the back . 
  i disagree . 
  i 've seen teams lose when 6-2 up ( or similar ) because they underestimate their opponents . 
  i 've always been of the opinion that team victory should be prioritized over all else . 
  getting kills is n't the most important thing . 
  so the guy who prefers ensuring a team victory regardless of the outcome of the actual battle is a dummy ? 
   myself will actually leave the cap circle if it becomes evident that we 're going to win and just need the time to do it . 
  i 'll gladly take the hit on a wee bit of cap points lost . 
  personally i 'd prefer if you stayed . 
  ensures victory regardless of the battle 's outcome . 
  i see it quite often on xbox too . 
  in fact , i did it to a team just yesterday with my platoon-mate . 
  5-2 down , we were huddled in the top corner of sacred valley . 
  opponents abandon their cap to come for us . 
  we take each of them out with ease from our positions as they approach . 
  victory from the jaws of defeat . 
  fair enough - you seem to know your stuff . 
  i had always been under the impression that american tank warfare doctrine in europe had been * not * to engage german tanks directly with m4s unless absolutely necessary . 
  rather the m4s would pull pack upon discovery of a tiger or panther , and a tank destroyer , at team , or air support would be called in . 
  and where exactly would these external fuel tanks go considering the rather large armored exhausts on the back ? 
  frustrating , sure . 
  but it 's a team game . 
  victory by any means , and all that . 
  that would be an unbelievably stupid mechanic . 
   the tactic i was referring to was more of a last-ditch option when they had no other alternative than to engage . 
  yeah , i was aware of instances of that occurring . 
  it was n't the preferred m.o. 
  for obvious reasons . 
  thanks for the info . 
  it was actually a very simple design for the time . 
  salt and vinegar has been getting progressively blander though . 
  there 's no longer a bite to it . 
  i understand the hate , but i still think the issue is being blown out of proportion since the people capping have perfectly understandable reasons for doing so . 
   is almost never for the team , never a better play and almost always a selfish decision that screws your team over . 
  securing team victory is never a selfish decision in a team game . 
  that 's the end of it as far as i 'm concerned . 
  i will always cap when if there is * any * doubt of victory . 
  that would mess with stats too much . 
   the goal is to win . 
  yes . 
   and to win so you get more xp and silver , especially for those who do n't run premium accounts . 
  the decision to cap incorrectly costs your entire team xp and silver . 
  that 's secondary to winning though . 
  the priority should always be to win . 
  and as i said , if there 's * any * doubt about the primary goal being achieved , the secondary goal becomes irrelevant . 
  so i do n't think i 'm misunderstanding any of the game mechanics . 
  i do n't run premium myself , so i am aware of the cost of capping . 
  but i 'd rather cap and win than not cap and throw away a victory . 
  well on that we can agree . 
  actually a lot of the changes have been rather important from a gameplay perspective . 
   people do n't agree with me, 
   they must be trolling, 
  congrats - you have achieved the archetypal sjw mindset . 
  sweden makes a valid point . 
  the trends do n't lie . 
  i know the guy 's a jerk , but that 's a bit of a rude implication to make about people who enjoy playing video games . 
  it 's also revisionism to consider the sherman a great tank rather than a good tank . 
  i would say that this wo n't go down well , but since my time in college , students ' unions across the country have apparently become more concerned with social justice issues than fighting to keep fees down . 
  without the unions , students wo n't have a platform on which to combat any such ridiculous proposal . 
  the amount of money that societies and clubs received at ucc during my time there was insane . 
  complete and utter waste . 
  ** edit : ** not to mention the sheer volume of money spent on paid sabbatical student union positions .
