  i 've been championing the free market which is based on choice . 
   giving a business too much power is bad for freedom . 
  so one pub preventing the use of mobile devices on its premises is too much freedom for you ? 
   and you think a free market means no regulations , how cute, 
  where did i even once imply that ? 
  man , you are one hostile individual . 
  you infer things i did n't even imply and then throw around childish insults ? 
  get a grip , friendo . 
  forcing . 
  you . 
  the . 
  bar . 
  there are plenty of other bars with different policies on mobile devices because of - once again - the free market . 
  go to one of those and let people who want to frequent a bar where mobile devices are banned go to the bar from the op . 
  or is that too much to ask ? 
  that does n't mean the legacy of the kebab has been eradicated . 
  a previously mundane hurling championship just got very very interesting . 
  i think we 're gon na have a great august of hurling and football ahead of us . 
  tipperary vs. kilkenny would also produce a strong turnout . 
  i think the problem with today 's match is that nobody expected waterford to be competitive against kilkenny after their display against tipperary . 
  far fewer teams compete in the hurling championship than the football championship , which is part of the problem . 
   but what happens when he dies ? 
  just make sure he never dies . 
  has the beta uprising begun , brother ? 
  this only matters if you care about said results . 
  guys , i do n't think sawako is a good influence on these young girls . 
  i fear for their safety every time they are in this unhinged home-intruder 's prescence . 
  i thought trump was in line for that role ? 
   the lack of such firepower was made abundantly clear when it was confirmed that air corps planes could not climb high enough or go fast enough to intercept ageing propeller-driven russian bear bombers which came close to irish sovereign airspace on a couple of occasions in early 2015 . 
  why do we bother with those shitty pilatus turboprops at all ? 
  they serve absolutely no purpose . 
  unless we 're willing to equip our air corps with jets that can actually intercept planes that violate our airspace , we should just disband the air corps and hand over responsibility for defending the sovereignty of our air space to the british ( not that i 'm necessarily opposed to this idea because we 're clearly unwilling/incapable of even patrolling it ourselves ) . 
  also , the raf would n't use tornados to shoot down a commercial airliner . 
  the tornado was designed predominantly for ground attack . 
  typhoons would most likely used for that purpose , or in the future , f-35s . 
  even if an airliner has been hijacked for hostile purposes ? 
  ( e.g. 
   not our problem . 
  also , if a hijacked airliner was traversing irish airspace , no hijacker with an iota of common sense would push for a british target . 
  the raf would be already on alert and they would be shot down before they even come close to a potential target . 
  hence in this scenario , ireland is a soft target . 
  willfully pretending that ireland could never be a terrorist target is highly unwise . 
   despite there being calls for jets to be purchased for the air corps , there was no mention in the white paper of this happening any time soon, 
   instead , the white paper said the air corps will continue to operate a range of rotary and fixed-wing aircraft . 
  and i would n't hold your breath about that . 
   not even if we specifically requested it ? 
  i do n't think we would even need to request it . 
  the british would intercept any threat once they became aware of it . 
  they most likely would do the same even if our two countries did n't have this air defense agreement . 
  interception is preferred when the situation in the air is n't 100 % certain . 
  pilots can get eyes on the hostile target and assess the situation . 
  sams are useful only when it 's a case of defense at all costs ( e.g. 
  moscow is surrounded by sam batteries ) . 
   attacking ireland would be a waste . 
  i guess you do n't understand the point of modern terrorism . 
  what you 're doing is the equivalent of sticking your fingers in your ears and shouting `` la la la , i ca n't hear you mr. 
  terrorism ! '' . 
   if a hijacker went to the effort of hijacking a plane , they would be aiming for the uk . 
  and i just explained why this would n't be viable . 
  if a hijacker can take control of a modern airliner in this day and age , they are no idiot . 
   we would try to make visual contact with the plane, 
  how ? 
  we have no planes that we could scramble that are capable of reaching a commercial airliner in terms of speed or altitude . 
  are you seeing the problem yet ? 
   not sure a standard sam would have the necessary range, 
  modern sams have huge range . 
  look at it this way ; when the tu-95 was skimming our airspace there last year with its transponder switched off , we did n't even have the type of radar required to detect it . 
  the brits detected it and had typhoons on the scene before our lads were even aware it was there . 
  i agree . 
   i 'm being realistic , you 're being afraid . 
  being prepared = / = being afraid . 
   it 's possible and we should be prepared for it but we as citizens should n't be worried about it . 
  but you 're objecting to the very idea of us being prepared for an aerial attack . 
   and they probably know to fly under radar or wait until they are over uk soil anyway, 
  you 've been watching too many movies . 
   they probably know the repercussions of forcing the uk to shoot down a plane helps their cause more than killing irish people . 
  you have the beginnings of a point there , but isis are a bit unpredictable in this regard . 
  they just want civilian deaths in the west and they do n't really care how or where they are achieved . 
  that 's only the typhoon adv f3 though . 
  the raf have retired those . 
  and why they hell would they do that and why should we expect them to ? 
   should we let the british come over and do it for us ? 
  if we 're not capable of preventing a terrorist threat , then yes . 
  but that would never happen ; cooperation with british security forces would be the m.o. 
  you clearly have no idea what you 're talking about , do you ? 
  y' know , you could very easily be accused of having an obvious agenda in this subreddit . 
  just sayin ' . 
  it 's generally better to have an * informed * opinion . 
  or , y' know , we can maintain the status quo whereby they deal with any threats in our airspace . 
  the adv was a beauty though . 
  not the best interceptor in the world , but i love the idea of turning the flying tank that is the typhoon into an interceptor . 
  pure madness . 
  since you 're opposed to the options for doing so without a foreign power funding our air corps , yes . 
   we have short range sam capability, 
  i thought we only had manpads for that purpose ? 
  and very few of them at that . 
   i 'm happy with our air corp now . 
  you mean the utterly pointless air corps whose main aircraft serves no purpose ? 
  that 's just a waste of money . 
   it 's not our fault the brits have made so many enemies .
