  could one not believe both ? 
  out of curiosity , what would you say to those who say that gender dysphoria is just a mental illness and should be treated as such ? 
  like , it does have the hallmarks of a neurological illness . 
  also , what about those who say that gender is n't a choice ? 
  like , to a degree , they are n't opposing transgender people if one is to believe that they are born into the wrong gender for their body . 
  great answers - thanks again . 
  sorry if i came off a bit harsh in my earlier comments . 
  it 's just the majority of my experience with gender dysphoria has been with people from tumblr and the like - and they are far from the best ambassadors for anything , so they gave me a very negative impression of the whole thing . 
  seriously , after reading a lot of the comments in this thread i think that transgender people on the internet would n't have half as bad a reputation on the internet if it were n't for tumblr . 
  kinda like how they and srs ruined feminism on the internet too . 
  personally i 'd never use such words - standard swears and curses are good enough for me . 
  but i 'd never be one to censor others for using them on the internet . 
   the gender studies prof i had was a radical lesbian feminist . 
  does that make any of her teachings less valid ? 
  well , if i 'm honest , it would certainly make me more wary of what she was teaching me . 
   people are uncomfortable with progression and write off the people who are a part of it because they lump them all together with radicals . 
  this is a bit of a generalisation . 
  firstly , most the time i 've no issue with progression - it 's a fantastic thing . 
  secondly , do n't paint your typical tumblrina as an avatar of progression and forward thinking . 
  we both know that 's not true . 
  well , i wish you the best with whatever you end up doing in your life . 
  thanks for the info . 
   like , is it censorship when someone asks someone else to stop swearing loudly ? 
  well , unecessarily loud people are obnoxious even if they were shouting my praises from a church spire . 
  but yeah , there 's a time and a place for everything . 
   gender is a spectrum with many planes . 
  and gender roles are just some of the attributes in the spectrum . 
  ah , i like this analogy . 
  you 've cleared up a major source of confusion for me in this thread . 
  completely agree with your tumblr summary - thanks for clarifying . 
  eh , this is made out to be a much bigger problem than it actually is . 
  like , the * majority * of complaints come from incredibly thin-skinned individuals who could find something offensive in the most innocuous comment thread possible . 
  and besides , the internet is n't going to censor itself for you - it 's unreasonable to expect it to so on a site that is obsessed with `` free speech '' . 
   there 's also the mras , or ` men 's rights activists ' in full . 
  they are basically a kind of whiterights group , but for men . 
  they further their agenda by posting twisted statistics ( for example that men are discriminated against because they seldom get child custody in a divorce ) . 
  whoah , whoah , whoah - i 'm no mra , but that seems like a * massive * generalization . 
   they will also tell one sided stories about what the evil feminists have done to them . 
  replace the word `` feminist '' with man , and the exact same thing happens over in the feminist subs . 
  it 's two sides of the same coin . 
   mainstream feminism espouses this position . 
  and the average men 's rights activist * does n't ? 
  honestly , i do n't know how these people get by on a daily basis if they 're so inherently offended by everything . 
  i agree . 
  tumblr is as hostile for mra 's as reddit is for feminists ( although i 'd argue that reddit is a lot more accepting of feminists than tumblr would be of * anybody * promoting men 's rights ) . 
   instead of offended , i mostly feel unwelcome . 
  that does n't stop me from being here though . 
  y ` see , i can understand that . 
  there * is * a difference between being made feel unwelcome and being just offended . 
  i have sympathy for those who are made feel unwelcome anywhere , whether it be online or in real life . 
  i tend to hold people who are just `` offended '' in a much lower esteem . 
  you 're the type of person i throw rocks at when i go to the park . 
  sex is a sticky , sweaty mess that if we did n't get pleasure from it as humans ( or need it for procreation for that matter ) , we would consider it disgusting . 
  two non-issues up for debate i see . 
   you can get it from sticking your dick into a pie, 
  just going to jot that down here in a notepad * for later * ... . . 
  yes , but it 's been a very long time since i did . 
  i think you 're eating food wrong if it 's a sticky and sweaty mess , bro . 
   is this what we want though `` at least we are better off then saudi arabia . '', 
  better than nothing i guess . 
  but if abortions were legalised , would n't they cost something too ? 
  maybe even more than the cost of a ryanair flight to liverpool . 
  if abortions are legalised in ireland , they may not necessarily be free . 
  have you seen how cheap flights to britain are on ryanair ? 
   implying i 'll procreate, 
  hey , that curve got me through college !, 
  not every criticism of women is misogyny - as a gender , they 're not infallible to criticism . 
  seriously , stop making everything out to be a bigger issue than it is . 
  it 's fucking reddit - what do you expect ? 
  like , they may take less risks on the road and hence have less serious crashes than men ( they do have more bumps and scrapes though - i 'll try and dig up the source i read on that ) , but in my experience women do n't tend to as competent as men when it comes to day-to-day driving . 
  i 'm talking about parking , motorway etiquette , situational awareness in complicated traffic situations etc. 
  was n't that an accident ? 
  the us misidentified the airliner as a military aircraft flying over their position ? 
  putin bots out in force already i see . 
  i 'll watch the changes alright . 
  but one thing i know for sure is that in a few weeks you 'll still be wrong . 
  stop being pedantic . 
  it may not be accurate any more , but people who grew up in soviet times would know the country as `` the ukraine '' . 
  like the situation with burma/myanmar . 
   well , i ca n't prove it, 
  well , that 's the end of that - we 're done here , people !, 
  i do n't watch cnn - sensationalist garbage . 
  you 're the one spouting conspiracy theories and lambasting cnn for not providing proof . 
  try harder , you fucking teenager . 
  the theory there is currently the most evidence for is that the plane was shot down in error by russian separatists using russian sams . 
  if i 'm wrong , come back to me in about a month and say `` i told you so '' . 
  no conspiracy there . 
  separatists is n't a buzzword . 
  they want to separate from ukraine and become part of russia/autonomous under russian protection . 
  i 'm seriously starting to question whether you are old enough to be on this site . 
  wow , that 's so bad it 's almost impressive . 
  to be fair , for once the majority of the spaghetti was n't anon 's fault . 
  but jesus - the idea of situations like that happening on the same planet i live on genuinely bothers me for some reason . 
  it 's like second-hand spaghetti . 
  what was the realistic alternative though ? 
  remember , we 're talking about your typical / r9k / anon here . 
  slightly unrelated , but why is so hard to find a decent stream of diebuster online given that it 's not even 10 years old ? 
  any that i come across look and sound like they were ripped from a vhs tape . 
  i 'm surprised about ireland . 
  they have are rather pro-palestine and have tangled with israel quite a bit diplomatically in the past .
