  were all those question and exclamation marks really necessary ? 
   even if they are a bad government , they might put the fear of god into the upper class about mismanaging the country when all their money is expropriated lol . 
  adding `` lol '' to the end of your sentences really detracts from your argument as a whole . 
  also , your use of the ira 's military record as an indication that they will be good in government is incredibly stupid . 
   you know he went to private school and studied at ucd ? 
  and that 's relevant how exactly ? 
   and that they are more sensible than the current crowd . 
  [ * citation most definitely needed * ], 
  his education is n't gon na overcome middle class animosity towards him and his populist policies . 
  seems to working pretty okay actually . 
  not perfect , but then no economic plan really is . 
   or those looking to get a home . 
  rental market is plenty healthy . 
   the increases will hit the middle to upper class , and rightly so . 
  why rightly so ? 
  what have the middle classes done to deserve further tax hikes ? 
  they were arguably the worst hit by taxation during the recession . 
  not everybody shares your ideals . 
  i 'm not saying whether that 's good or bad , but it 's the reality of the situation . 
  voting based on ideals is very unwise . 
  but not you , right ? 
  you 're special and more intelligent than everybody else ? 
   i 'm beginning to think apathy and insularity might be built into our genetic make-up . 
  but once again , you 're special and different - not at all like the common irish man , right ? 
  the shop was opposite a school to be fair . 
  there 's such a thing as being * too * laissez faire about sexuality . 
  they 're entitled to voice their opinion , and personally i agree with them . 
  the shop was going to be opposite a school . 
  man , / r/ireland * really * dislikes anybody more conservative than themselves . 
   where is good ? 
  not near schools ? 
  that said , sex shops will always be controversial . 
  many people would n't want one in their locality . 
  forgive my ignorance , but why did the selection of the unknown serviceman of ww2 take place in 1958 ? 
  depends on the school . 
  i was hardly projecting . 
  and there genuinely are plenty of people on / r/ireland who hold the opinions that your * joke * represents . 
   she probably technically does n't exist at all . 
  i wonder how oni `` disappeared '' her . 
   my neighbour lived in germany and there was a sex shop near a school but nobody really cared . 
  do n't see what all the fuss is about over here . 
  young kids asking their parents awkward questions ? 
   its nearly impossible to find a large road without a school in dublin . 
  that 's a gross exaggeration . 
  thank you !, 
  elements of / r/ireland have a tendancy to circlejerk over this particular gobshite . 
  then do n't put sex shops near the canals . 
  sex shops are n't a day to day necessity . 
   would just prefer adult stores werent anywhere ? 
  it would n't make any difference to me whether they existed or not . 
  i 've never voted for fg in my life . 
  i dunno where you 're getting that assumption from . 
  still , i 'd prefer if they questions were n't provoked by the existence of a sex shop directly across the road from the school they attend every day . 
  well he 's contrary in terms of anything the government says or does . 
  all part of his populist attitude and policies . 
  on this very subreddit politicians get attacked on an almost daily basis for their messages . 
  what makes paul murphy special ? 
  are you perhaps new to politics ? 
  what `` bollocks '' are you referring to ? 
  making baseless assumptions , are we ? 
   yesterday in a thread you mentioned sf 's policies and how they would be an economic disaster . 
  yet when questioned why this would be the case , 3 times , you never answered . 
  i have pointed out numerous times the flaws in sf economic policies on this subreddit - check my post history if you do n't believe me . 
  the fact that i 've been quite busy at work lately deterred me from lengthy defenses of why anybody with even a basic understanding of economics would dismiss sf economic policy as fantasy . 
   you were talking bollocks . 
  right wing spin to be specific . 
  so if you are n't a fg man that makes you a ff man . 
  muh right wing boogeyman !, 
  grow the fuck up and accept that not everybody is a hardcore lefty . 
  did i say we were ? 
  the concept , not the career . 
  is that the level of insult your stooping to ? 
  it does n't even make any sense considering my track record on this subreddit . 
  hey , do n't blame me if parents would prefer if their kids did n't ask them those kind of questions . 
  that 's the reality of the situation . 
   the fella setting it up has the right to do business there and that 's all that matters . 
  well it 's clearly not all that matters if he has prevented from doing so . 
  you ca n't just dismiss factors you do n't agree with . 
  was there a similar korean war unknown selection too ? 
  well i was moreso referring to how they acquired her . 
  like how oni orchestrated kurt 's abduction in space . 
   because the right are in power everywhere else, 
  citation needed . 
   and would rather see greece crumble then show a left government succeed at anything . 
  muh right wing boogeyman , etc. 
  so op 's picture was mis-titled ? 
  if this is your first time seeing this joke , you are too young to be on the internet . 
  oh right . 
  if you do n't mind me asking , why is the already selected korean unknown onboard the ship ? 
  thanks for the info !, 
  back during the joan burton in the car saga there were plenty of people here fawning over him for example . 
  huh - that 's not how i remember it . 
  they wo n't - that 's what i 've being saying all along . 
   the project orion/boren 's syndrome immunity thing was retconned . 
  wait , so borens syndrome and johnson 's involvement in the spartan i program is no longer canon ? 
   every major party in the eu ... is right wing, 
  i 'm sorry , but that 's just not true . 
  using `` especially '' builds upon what was already said . 
  are you saying what you initially said was inaccurate ? 
  off the top of my head , scandinavia 's powerful parties tend to be largely left wing too .
