  ever been to / aco / ? 
  they practically worship her over there . 
  no teenager i 've ever met takes sex ed classes seriously - they 're an uncomfortable waste of time for all concerned . 
  surely it 's just a matter of preference ? 
  but argentina did have exocets . 
  thatcher got the french to provide the codes of disabling them mid-way through the war anyway . 
  my friends from tipperary told me he was living up the hills between tipperary and bansha . 
  surely the man has suffered enough if that 's the case !, 
  you sure ? 
  i 've read a lot of articles about it that imply otherwise . 
  but that 's what prompted thatcher to demand the codes from the french . 
  her accent . 
  fair point . 
  still though ( and i know this is n't the most concrete evidence ) if you google `` thatcher exocet mitterrand '' you get a lot of articles like this : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2005/nov/22/books.france, 
  to be fair , france did n't really give a shit who they sold weapons to during the cold war . 
  what would your opinion on this be then ? 
  : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2005/nov/22/books.france, 
  i 'm not doubting you , just asking . 
   we do n't say `` eleventh of september , 2001 '', 
  that 's how normal people say it in europe . 
  you arrange it in order of magnitude , not any way your corn-syrup fueled mind wants . 
  if efficiency is the most important element of a language , why do n't we all type in txt spk and talk in acronyms ? 
  this is a unique blend of retardation and autism . 
  what do you call it ? 
  yes , and all common date formats precede their existence . 
  your point being ? 
  i am not entirely convinced that the majority of / r/ireland 's userbase knows what a democracy actually entails . 
  you see those kind of wild statements all the time here . 
  ... we 're not officially neutral though . 
  we may be in practice , but officially we 're not . 
  and if a belligerent nation wished to invade us during a time of war , our neutrality would n't count for shit because unlike sweden or switzerland , we would n't be able to defend it . 
  being able to defend your neutrality is a core principle of being a neutral country . 
  now it can be argued that being in the eu and having good relations with the uk and usa guarantees our neutrality , but that dilutes our neutral status by effectively allying ourselves with other nations . 
   we can place it on a scale of breaches all we want but it is a breach of neutrality, 
  where does it state that ireland * is * a neutral country like sweden or switzerland ? 
  austria would n't have as capable a military as sweden or switzerland . 
  oh yes , right you are . 
  while i do n't disagree with that assertion , had any country legitimately * wanted * to invade us , there would have been nothing we could do to stop them . 
  hence our neutrality lay in the hands of others , as it does now . 
  reading about the decline of the royal navy post-ww2 never fails to make me irrationally angry - i 'm not even british . 
  could they not have just sold leviathan ? 
  she looks like a fine carrier , and never used to boot . 
  well , the ijn based taiho 's design on the rn 's armored carriers . 
  learning from the best at the time is usually wise anyway . 
  we do n't take kindly to your sort of lies around here . 
   i think the rims match the truck . 
  well that 's because you have a severe case of shit taste . 
  ever heard of the blitz ? 
  germany started it . 
  strange thing is , i can see it as the kind of thing that might happen in my lifetime . 
  yes , it 's what gets me through the day . 
   lmao, 
   do these people seriously have no hobbies ? 
  well since video games and shitposting do n't count , no . 
  hitler loved anime . 
  the emblem of ens gamal abdel nasser looks like an amateur ms paint job . 
  just look at that helicopter and tank ... 
  to this day i am still unsure as to why egypt needs these ships . 
  but both those neighbours share a land border with egypt - why would they need to attack from the sea ? 
  they 're getting ka-52s from russia . 
  really ? 
  are you sure you 're not getting them mixed up with xenon or halogen dims ? 
  drls by definition are meant to be low intensity . 
  some people find xenons and/or halogens to be too strong , even when on dims . 
  personally , i 've never had an issue with such lights that were installed by the car 's manufacturer . 
  it 's the scumbags in the 2002 audi a4s and such with incorrectly installed aftermarket halogens or xenons that are the problem . 
  unless correctly installed with the proper equipment , they can be seriously dazzling to other drivers on the road . 
  gb was n't an instigator in the war . 
  they reacted to the breach of belgium 's neutrality . 
  france had no business getting involved in ww1 though . 
  i 'm well familiar with that war , thank you . 
  did russia get to keep the ones built in st. petersburg ? 
  france committed to the war before that . 
  everybody knows alsace is rightful german clay . 
  it 's actually worse than a lot of countries in those regions . 
  the place is a shithole with nukes . 
  alsace is rightful german clay - everybody knows that . 
  and besides , the french were just looking for an excuse to get involved in ww1 , and alsace was it . 
   pakistan is india with less shit on the streets , although the shit is replaced with dead bodies, 
  well , that and having a comparatively shit economy and chronic domestic security issues . 
  no , what i 'm saying is that they had declared war before they were invaded by germany . 
  and ? 
  somebody else earned it and wants to give it to you - what 's the problem ? 
  i understand the principle of taxing income and such , but if somebody dies and leaves their assets to you , why should you have to pay taxes when it was n't your decision to gain those assets ? 
   to take an extreme example - rich daddy 's princess ( or prince ! ), 
  has never worked a day in his or her life . 
  daddy 's worth millions - which he decides to hand on to her - now he or she is legally entitled to that wealth, 
  y ` see , i do n't actually have a problem with that though . 
  i 'm not somebody who is opposed to taxation by any stretch of the imagination , but i just see inheritance tax as the government taxing income that has already been taxed . 
  / r/ireland told me that the socdems were intelligent technocrats . 
  / r/ireland is already bending over backwards to praise the socdems for this move . 
  that 's the sort of mental gymnastics/hypocrisy we 're dealing with here . 
   if you can not accept that ireland lost more than any other country during the recession , you need to go back to school . 
  what about greece ? 
  portugal ? 
  even spain ? 
   and the us could/would have provided ships to land ussr troops . 
  the us would have been very reluctant to do so unless absolutely necessary . 
  they were already wary of a russian invasion of northern japan , and even though they were still allies , stalin 's expansionist policies could n't be ignored . 
   thermonuclear weapons = / = atomic bomba,
