  two copies on my desk by monday . 
   unless you are going to die doing it the law is there to punish you . 
  not always . 
  if i see somebody injured on the side of the road , i 'm not actually legally obliged to run to their aid . 
  but they 're already incredibly stupid ... 
  but the basis of faith is that the religion you choose is the one that you * believe * to be the one true faith and therefore * wo n't * lead you to eternal suffering . 
  it was more of a general statement , but your previous comment could have been lifted straight from / r/atheism, 
   he kinda needed to declare war on the us , cause japan and the us did it to each other , and germany needed to back up their allies . 
  germany and japan had a treaty , that is true . 
  but hitler still declared war ridiculously quickly after the usa declared war on japan . 
  yes , hitler was desperate for allies regardless of the practical support they could actually provide . 
  but had he taken his time and considered his options , it could be argued that abandoning japan to its fate ( under the pretense that japan had declared war on the usa first and germany did not want to make an enemy of the sleeping giant ) and avoiding war with america could have been a net gain for germany . 
  now , i am well aware that such a scenario would have been highly unlikely to play out for a number of reasons , but germany gained little from the alliance with japan other than the war in the pacific tying up american forces . 
  germany not being at war with the usa negates that one main benefit . 
   plus he needed the oil fields that russia controlled, 
  true , but i 've always argued that he should have struck for the middle east rather than piercing through russian territory . 
  there is no evidence to suggest that stalin was planning an offensive war against germany . 
  let sleeping dogs lie and all that . 
   at least i do n't talk about trump `` bantz '' and spend my time on the 4chan sub-reddit . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  ca n't handle the bantz ? 
  i 'm not interested in what you do outside of this subreddit , and i fail to see why you would be interested in what i do outside of it either . 
   it will though because there ca n't be thousands of gods now can there ? 
  how would me , you , or anybody else know that ? 
  humanity can no more prove that than the existence of one god . 
   you expect them all to be waiting there in some magical land for their devoted followers to come to them ? 
  see above . 
   just because you believe your faith to be the truth does n't mean it is . 
  i never claimed that to be the case . 
  you 're failing to understand that at the core of religion is belief in the abscence of definitive proof . 
  that 's literally what faith is . 
   people of faith are playing a huge round of roulette along with non-believers . 
  essentially . 
  but unlike you , i do n't see the problem with this . 
  i do n't get annoyed by the mere existence of religious people . 
  i do n't consider myself better than religious people for not having a faith . 
  and i certainly do n't see the point in reminding people every 5 minutes that god does n't exist . 
   i always quickly check what type of person i 'm dealing with before continuing an engagement . 
  til that a redditor 's comment history from the last 12 hours is highly reflective of who they are as a person . 
   since you seem more of a meme than an actual person i do n't really have much time now . 
   i would say his biggest is not attacking the ussr sooner, 
  he never should have invaded russia . 
  i would go as far as to say that it would have been impossible to beat russia in a conventional war from the 1930 's / 1940 's onwards . 
  as i mentioned in my previous comment , hitler should have used his alliance with italy to secure the mediterranean and then strike for the oilfields of the middle east that were lightly defended . 
  obscure as fuck question : is the `` kyun '' sound the exact soundbite that demo used for one of the modded sound effects in his insurgency streams ? 
   mio is probably my favorite character out of the four so far, 
  i feel like this is slowly becoming a consensus in these threads , especially amongst first time watchers . 
  he did well to get as far as he did considering how skeptical people were of him when he first announced his candidacy . 
  i 've never actually visited / r/the _ donald - and my comment history will confirm that . 
   nah , cause the ussr was just biding their time, 
  be that as it may , there is no historical evidence to suggest that stalin was planning to attack germany territory prior to operation barbarossa . 
  he was certainly planning for a german invasion however . 
  stalin and hitler did not trust each other at all , but hitler was always going to be the one to break the non-aggression pact . 
   if hitler never invaded the ussr , the ussr would have attacked after the war in europe was near over or over.that was his plan , let germany do the main footwork in western europe and i 'm just going to set up all these routes for reinforcement , resupply my army , buff up my buffer countries , and work out my kinks . 
  hitler never could have won once he started the war , cause once he did , the ussr was going to steamrole the tired and weakened western europe that hitler created . 
  i do n't necessarily disagree with any of that . 
  but if i had been hitler ( and i 'm well aware that i 'm being an archetypal armchair general here ) , i would have taken my chances by avoiding a war with the ussr . 
  if you attack the russians , you 're guaranteed a war with them . 
  if you do n't attack them , then such a war is n't a guarantee . 
  germany was arguably at the peak of its powers prior to the invasion of the ussr . 
  imagine what could have been achieved if all the forces committed to barbarossa had been used elsewhere ( e.g. 
  securing north africa , the med , and the middle east ) . 
  d-day might have even ended differently if the reich had more forces at their disposal in western europe . 
  all of this would have given germany a favourable position in negotiating a future peace treaty with the ussr . 
  essentially what i 'm saying is , if germany had avoided direct conflict with the ussr and the usa ( the latter of which was virtually impossible granted ) , they would have almost been guaranteed to control most of europe , north africa , and the middle east . 
  me neither . 
  i 'm taking / u/cannon84 's word for it . 
   if stalin saw a war dreary western europe , he would take it . 
  most likely . 
  but as i said , if hitler controlled europe , he would have a very strong hand at the negotiating table . 
  if there had been no war with the ussr and d-day failed or did n't go ahead , the german military would not only be far better trained and equipped than the russians , but would also be largely intact . 
  stalin would know that even his mighty armies would struggle against a germany that would be able to devote the entirity of its forces against him . 
  the biggest issue i can see with this prediction of mine however is that the uk would have pressed hard for the ussr to join the war on their side long before hitler controlled germany . 
  hitler was n't able to gain air superiority over the uk even when the luftwaffe was at full strength , so it 's safe to say that the uk would fight on even if germany continued to expand . 
  now , it 's hard to say how successful the uk would be in persuading the ussr since they had actually tried and failed prior to barbarossa , but it 's something to bare in mind . 
   so he would have to attack british held territories in the me , but that could once again get the ussr involved, 
  how so ? 
  russia had few interests in the me . 
   the only reason the ussr did n't help britain when they were being attacked was cause germany and the ussr had the molotov-ribbentrop pact . 
  without it , the ussr would most likely help out england , cause no deal with germany, 
  but nothing we 've discussed so far has included a situation where the molotov-ribbentrop pact would n't exist . 
   and poland did n't offer anything of value to germany . 
  lebensraum from a weak neighbour . 
  what did the op want us to notice ? 
  i thought it can be transmitted sexually too ? 
  i hould have been more specific ; there generally needs to be large amounts of * standing * water for mosquitos to breed . 
  flowing rivers and such usually would n't be enough . 
   idents, 
  that 's a word ? 
  now there 's the real til . 
  they are all attention whores though . 
  and the ones that are n't , you 'd never know they 're there . 
  if a pregnant woman contracts zika , her baby may develop with an undersized head . 
  hence why i said `` in 20 years '' . 
  jesus christ , how fucking new are you ? 
   not a large chunk, 
  it was hundreds of years . 
  that 's a long time to be occupied by kebabs . 
  you mean the the thing that is crashing the british economy with no survivors ? 
   date,
