  she accepted the drink - she consented to getting drunk . 
   `` ah fuck , friend got me way drunker than i intended to be , '' you either do n't drink or are lying . 
  actually i do drink , but i never let anybody but myself be responsible for my alcohol consumption . 
  some people can actually be sensible drinkers , y' know ? 
   nice try , but no . 
  that would require me saying that this is unique to women , which it very obviously is n't . 
  ok then , that 's good to hear . 
   generally considered rather fun to be around . 
  not for you to decide . 
  if you ca n't handle a bit of juvenile humour now and then you 're not going to be considered a fun individual by many people . 
  but the people in the photo are not of your age and therefore obviously have a different ( but not necessarily inferior ) sense of the humour to you - why did you bother to comment here ? 
  hell , why are you even subscribed to this subreddit given the themes of comedy usually seen here ? 
  that sounds ... ... ridiculous . 
  i dunno - on 2 occasions ( both in cafes ) i saw men get berated by breast feeding women for looking in their general direction . 
  they were sitting in the centre of the damn cafe !, 
  you could n't miss them !, 
  here come the indoor cat brigade again - talk about an invasive species !, 
  ca n't tell if being sarcastic or just feminist ... . . 
  i know - i am disappointed too, 
  shh shh , only dreams now ... . 
  mind if i ask what characters you used for the solo run ? 
  i just completed all the required bronze and silver solo runs , so i 'm about the attempt a gold solo match for the first time . 
  in most cases i use the hurricane as a secondary weapon so i do n't really bother with the stability mod and instead use in the high velocity barrel . 
  but for my paladin sentinel it is his only gun , and given his reliance on powers , i currently use the power amplifier mod and the stability mod . 
  the reason i use the stability mod in this case is because i want the hurricane to be more proficient at range since that 's where the paladin is rather weak . 
  the reason i applied the mod is because with my paladin sentinel i aim down the barrel more than i do with other hurricane-equipped characters because it is his primary weapon and he is rather weak at anything beyond mid range . 
  i was thinking of using the harrier , but i only have a harrier iii at the moment and the ultralight materials iii brings cooldown to 135 % - which is good , but it will hamper my tech combo abilities a bit . 
  also , the use of ultralight materials takes up a mod slot i 'd prefer to spend on something more useful . 
  however , once i level up the harrier a bit , this may be a consideration for the future . 
  the lancer however is actually something i had n't considered . 
  even my lancer 1 with a magazine upgrade and an extended barrel would not only deal significant damage at the mid-range but would have a cooldown of 150 % , which is more than acceptable . 
  following some advice from / u/bhamlyn i was thinking of switching to the lancer . 
  what would be your thoughts on that ? 
  i know what you mean - i think i have ulm equipped to only one gun in my entire inventory . 
  stability mods however i tend to find a bit more useful , especially with assault rifles ( obviously i do n't find them that useful for smg 's , hence this post ) . 
  hmm , i 've never been a massive fan of the acolyte but in this case it may actually make sense . 
  a hurricane and acolyte would be a pretty formidable combo when you factor in the paladin 's already significant powers . 
  also , as you suggested , this would be a great set-up for the n7 fury too for which i 've been struggling to find a suitable weapon set-up . 
  that said , i do enjoy weakening an enemy with dark channel and then one-shotting them with a m-77 paladin . 
  my paladin and slayer are my go-to characters for platinum runs at the moment , and i can work well with either on most maps since on platinum players tend to just huddle up in one corner and hold out . 
  that said , as the paladin , at the start of waves when characters are far away i feel quite impotent since my powers and hurricane are only effective at short to mid-range . 
  that 's why i 'm considering the lancer . 
  lancer i and hurricane iii - i only unlocked both recently . 
  i actually had a hurricane vi before , but about 2 months ago , all my commendation weapons disappeared from my inventory . 
  people tend to underestimate how devastating a turian soldier can be with an smg . 
  i have n't used my turian soldier since i unlocked the hurricane , but he used to be pretty formidable with just a tempest x smg . 
  [ ] ( / rarityannoyed ) i would kill for any computer monitor with a hdmi port . 
  i 'm currently running my xbox off an ancient tv monitor with a very poor image . 
  i want to get that sorted before i even consider building a gaming rig . 
  i know companies/universities have to get rid of their old pc monitors somehow , i just need to figure out how to get my hands on one . 
  with a level 5 mag upgrade , the lancer would work quite well with the paladin i think ( obviously i 'd need to test it first ) . 
  the way i look at it is that i would rarely if ever have to go through with the cooldown animation since i would only be firing in bursts , each interspersed by shooting off a power . 
  the flak people receive for op builds strikes me as a bit odd if you ask me , but whatever . 
  but yeah , i do plan to try out my turian soldier with a hurricane when i get a chance . 
  btw , as somebody who only recently started playing with a geth character , in what way does hunter mode turn the hurricane into a points machine ? 
  you 've hit the nail on the head regarding the lack of ammo anyway - i 'd never realised how precious ammo crates were until i started playing on platinum . 
  the lancer is a relatively stable weapon in the sense that while there is relatively significant spray over distance for an assault rifle , there is very little muzzle climb . 
  stick a mag upgrade and extended barrel on it and it 's an excellent all-rounder for a power-based class . 
  while the wraith is almost unparalleled for range and accuracy in the shotgun class , the tiny mag is too much of a drawback for me . 
  i prefer the crusader , despite it 's significant weight penalty . 
  while i love the piranha , i tend to use that only with vanguards as they can get up real close to enemies to exploit the piranha 's power and rof . 
  it would be of little use to me with my paladin since it would n't solve the problem i am having with the mid to long ranges . 
  man , people sure do like using soldiers for solo runs . 
  i can never get my head around that !, 
  wow , talk about making assumptions - no wonder you 're getting downvoted . 
  okay , if people 's internet opinions do n't matter , then why did you feel the need to make such a comment in relation to op 's post ? 
  you obviously believe her opinion is wrong and wanted to show the `` truth '' . 
  i can do without oral sex because i do not find anything appealing about putting my mouth near a woman 's genitals . 
  fair is fair , right ? 
  i do n't expect her to do to me what i 'm not willing to do to her . 
  so , what do you suggest be done when a woman is discovered to have made a false rape claim ? 
  the ignorance !!, 
  it burns !!, 
  i 'm failing to see the point of this comment ... . . 
  pray tell , why ? 
  how very edgy of you ... ... 
  what about physically ? 
  it 's usually safe to assume that men are stronger than women . 
  well , that 's perfectly understandable - nobody likes being talked down to , especially in relation to something they are knowledgeable in . 
  nah - sex is overrated in today 's society . 
  guess we have different definitions of magic in that case . 
  wait - what ? 
   you will die and rot in the ground there is no afterlife . 
  i 'm not a member of any organised religion , but i 'd like to see you prove this . 
  just throwing in my 2 cents, 
  first off ; the argus is not by any stretch of the imagination a good weapon . 
  however , you can make it work if you 're willing to accept its limitations and choose who to pair it with wisely . 
  i unlocked the argus vii and the geth juggernaut around about the same time , and it was one of the first weapons i tried out with him . 
  the gj eliminates most of the argus 's recoil ( although it would still be wise to apply the ar stability mod ) , but it can be an effective ( if slow ) addition to the gj 's arsenal for mid range combat . 
  luckily , given the nature of the gj , you wo n't be using the argus a lot ( usually just when you are closing in to melee ) , but it 's the only class i have found the argus to be any way useful with . 
  where can i find details about the full experience mod ? 
  and forgive my ignorance , but what does fbwgg stand for ? 
  ah yes - fun times indeed . 
  grabs happening every 5 seconds . 
  i made some of my first me3 multiplayer friends cowering behind the control panels in the corner of the choke room in firebase white . 
  also made some enemies due to the lack of adequate room for the entire team back there which could lead to a bit of in-fighting over the grab space !, 
  the raptor can be a great jack of all trades weapon for power-based classed in gold or lower matches , but it has severe dps limitations . 
  most of the time you 're better off with an assault rifle such as the mattock . 
  hmm , i 've never considered using the raptor with a marksman-equipped class - definitely giving that a try this weekend . 
  yeah , because * motivation * is the only thing required to to do well in life .
