  one of the reasons i 've stuck with the 360 so long is that despite the graphics not being as nice , there is much less clutter on the battlefield allowing for better situational awareness and lines of sight . 
   it 's also more simplified than halo reach 's system , which i do n't mind . 
  but halo reach had the best armor customization system of any halo game . 
  neither of them could be considered stupid people . 
  it would be naive to think as such . 
  if your phone is your primary web-browsing device , you are a normie . 
  when i made the same point on / r/halo a few months ago , i could have been led to believe otherwise . 
  if they are a net benefit to society , i do n't see the problem . 
  the british royal family brings in more money for the state than it costs . 
  well it 's about time !, 
  what has it been - almost a 1000 years since the last one ? 
  ( not including indiana jones ' one ) . 
  that is pretty insane . 
   depends on the post/base . 
  i 've been on a few that have no more than several dozen m16s , less than half a dozen m249s , and some m67s . 
  i imagine they 'd up security if there was a risk to the lives of their personnel . 
  you mean the poorly trained iraqi army that frequently surrendered or abandoned their posts ? 
   they really didnt surrender , conventional warfare was over , iraq lost the war when it was declared . 
  there are countless examples of iraqi soldiers abandoning their posts during isis 's initial offensive . 
  it 's one of the reasons isis was able to acquire military equipment so easily and unscathed . 
  it 's only in the last year or so that the iraqi military has been getting its shit together . 
  how is the eu undemocratic ? 
  if we went back to the punt there would be serious economic knock-on effects . 
  and i 'll be damned if i have to go back to exchanging currency every time i have to go to the continent . 
  i only own two other soviet tanks though and their crews each have 4 skills a piece already . 
  ucc students union have never done anything useful in the history of their existence . 
  i think maybe once they got extended opening hours for the library during exam periods , but that 's about it . 
  colleges are breeding grounds for this sort of sjw nonsense . 
   using social media, 
  it 's not relevant . 
  the man should be celebrated for his scientific endevours . 
  if we start judging historical individuals by our contemporary social standards , we 're not going to be able to name anything after anybody . 
  times change - what was once acceptable becomes unacceptable and vice versa . 
  this is just the ucc students ' union trying to make themselves look progressive , add a few lines to their cvs , and appeal to the type of people who participate in student politics ( i.e. 
  self-adsorbed tools ) . 
  that 's all well and good if ( a ) they are n't prioritising their sjw carry-on over issues that actually matter such as ever increasing student fees , and ( b ) you are on board with their idea of `` social change '' . 
  acceptable , no . 
  relevant , no . 
  and ? 
  if i was still in college , i 'd prefer if my students union was fighting to keep student fees down rather than harassing the college about issues that affect the day-to-day life of absolutely nobody . 
   national drinking problem because there 's feck all to do besides drink, 
  i 've never understood this mentality . 
  there 's plenty to do for all types in ireland . 
  it 's not like other countries have these magical past-times that keep them from drinking . 
  you do for the x2 crew xp one . 
  i genuinely feel like i 'm bearing witness to the world going mad more and more each day . 
  until recently i would have agreed , but i ca n't think at any point in history where there were mass movements as insane as the sjw bullshit we have to put up with today . 
  similar notions may have existed in the past , but these days they are given a platform and respectful attention from media outlets terrified of being `` caught on the wrong side of history '' . 
  we are told that we have to respect these movements and their `` activists '' , otherwise you 're a bigot , misogynist , or racist ( and getting labelled as such can be social suicide because apparently those are the worst things you can be in this day and age ) . 
  what 's wrong with the crusades ? 
  another ( successful ) crusade would probably be a net benefit for the modern world . 
  yes , but back then we did n't have to be respectful towards the person being tortured or burnt alive . 
  we did n't have to listen and praise their heresy for fear of becoming a social pariah . 
  we did n't have the town crier singing their praises and calling them heroes for doing nothing heroic . 
  there 's a clear difference . 
   lulz, 
  point disregarded . 
  i do n't follow . 
  in the scenario i was referring to , surely the church would be condemning the heretics and such ? 
  the church tended to be the ones doing the burning a lot of the time . 
  might want to improve upon that reading comprehension there . 
  * constantinople, 
  i think they'e just gon na keep spouting and implementing their bullshit until something pushes the far right over the edge and the happening ^ ^ tm occurs . 
  i 've been on holidays from work since the start of june . 
  have barely left my apartment , have become completely noctural , and have played an unhealthy amount of video games . 
  in some ways i never really stopped being a college student . 
  but it 's not really a crusade unless we 're going to the holy land . 
  i currently live in cork , but i grew up in rural ireland . 
  sure , it was a bit more effort than if you lived in the city , but i was never really stuck for things to do . 
   it 's just not good enough , and the council does n't care either . 
  carlow has plenty of potential for development , especially for youth and young adults , and it 's literally left to rot . 
  there are tonnes of decrepit buildings around that could be renovated and changed and they 're just left there to crumble . 
  that stuff all costs money though . 
  money that local authorities do n't tend to have . 
  ... but i do n't have students . 
  i 'm not a teacher . 
  i agree with both points , especially the second one . 
  the lack of serious issues for people to deal with on a daily basis has given them too much free time to make mountains out of molehills . 
  these are the politicians and leaders of tomorrow . 
  the future ai n't looking good . 
  these sort of people are already beginning to get into positions of power . 
  but that was their intended destination at least . 
  social standards require that you do publically respect everything the sjws say though . 
   current year, 
   ca n't use meme arrows, 
  if it 's `` edgy '' that we have to listen to and respect sjws , so be it . 
  i do n't own any soviet lights or spgs , so i 'll probably take a break from wot this weekend . 
  i 'm burnt out on soviet tanks after the motherland ops anyway . 
  i do n't own any soviet lights or spgs , so i 'll probably take a break from wot this weekend . 
  i 'm burnt out on soviet tanks after the motherland ops anyway . 
  ** edit : ** i appear to have double-posted somehow , but i wo n't delete as people have replied to both . 
  2 + year veteran here . 
  unless victory is absolutely guaranteed , i will always cap when i get the chance - and i 'm not `` noobish '' by any stretch of the imagination . 
   if you trust your ability or the way the game is being played out , then you never cap . 
  i know how the game works , but i 'm past the days of grinding tanks ( with the exception of the german light line ) , so excuse me if i prefer ensuring victory over a handful of xp . 
  granted i also had this mindset when i * was * grinding tanks , but the people who get anal over a few xp lost due to a cap victory over an annihilation victory are incredibly petty . 
   but general leftist social standards are good, 
  why leftist ? 
  what if you prefer right wing standards ? 
  puritans were n't that big of a movement outside of the usa ( they were essentially forced to leave the uk after all ) .
