  source ? 
  a lot of people lamented the loss of that subreddit . 
  even more do n't care whether it exists or not . 
  what is that bot even meant to do ? 
  it does n't seem to work very well . 
  also , seems to have been designed by some sort of sjw considering some of the subreddits it considers `` reactionary '' to the exclusion of others . 
  how so ? 
  i think you 're fundamentally misunderstanding that they were *** two separate competitions . 
  male , in my late 20 's , just over 3 years out of college , living in cork but not originally from the area . 
  i work as a liaison officer for the legal department of a multinational company . 
  basically i 'm mostly involved in converting legal-speak into business-speak , and vice versa . 
  my time is mainly spent in an office , but i travel once or twice a month to dublin for consultations and meetings . 
  my only plans for the future are to continue working for my current employer as long as i can as the pay is decent and the benefits comprehensive . 
  no interest in marriage or kids . 
  largely keep to myself - my only close friends are scattered all over the globe . 
  consequently spend a lot of time online ( arguably an unhealthy amount ) . 
  as for recommending my path in life , i took a very round-about method of getting to where i am today , so it 's hard to recommend it when so many elements of it were out of my control . 
  there are a lot of things i 'd do differently , but the past year or so has been the first time i 've felt like things have been going right for me since i was a teenager . 
  long may it last . 
   culturally as well as economically . 
  what do you mean by culturally ? 
  are you perhaps an idiot ? 
  me too . 
  of the few times i 've been around dublin city centre at night , i did * not * feel safe on regular basis - and i 'm a 6 ' 2 '' lad with the ability to outsprint any trouble i might encounter . 
  looks like somebody has * notions * about themselves ... 
  if you look hard enough you 'll find things to be embarrassed about in every country . 
  without exception . 
  thanks !, 
  are all anti-immigration parties inherently racist ? 
  while i agree that it 's difficult ( although not impossible ) to be have legitimate reservations to immigration between eu nations , immigration from outside the eu is another matter entirely and there are plenty of legitimate reasons to oppose it . 
  and children , were by extension , women . 
  globally ? 
   fanservice and this pedo shit kill anime . 
  but the fate/kaleid anime sells quite well . 
  people really overreacted to that though . 
  i think you 're overreacting . 
  that scene was * not * sexual in any way . 
  it was just unnerving , as it was meant to be . 
  funny too though . 
   off the top of my head : i could n't enjoy stein 's ; gate at all because of the transphobia, 
  sounds like you 're looking * real * hard for reasons to be offended . 
   then there are chitose 's nosebleed fantasies which contain some suggestive stuff . 
  it 's not * that * suggestive . 
  not by anime standards anyway . 
   there are as you know a lot of anime with over-sexualized girls . 
  i do n't like that but i can most likely deal with it . 
  guilty crown has that but in addition to it it 's so damn sexist that i wan na vomit all over my keyboard . 
  every female character is just helpless , stupid or a sex object . 
  you might be the first person i 've ever come across who took guilty crown seriously in any capacity . 
   i found berserk 's treatment of women to be appalling , and i ca n't enjoy the show , movies , or manga because of it . 
  the misogyny , rape and violence against females kept getting worse and worse and it finally upset me too much to keep going . 
  er , * nobody * gets treated well in berserk - regardless of gender . 
  stop looking for reasons to be offended . 
   the ijn was the greatest navy in wwii, 
  citation needed . 
  i 'm not saying you 're necessarily wrong , but what you said needs to be qualified . 
  not really , no . 
  it actually handles having a transgender character quite well if you ask me . 
  they evoke quite a bit of sympathy for her , which demonstrates the mindset of the writers . 
  apologies - i misunderstood your comment and thought you were implying that the ijn was the most powerful navy of ww2 * period * . 
  i thought humanity at large was well aware of the forerunners and what they were ? 
  did that not go public after the voi portal incident and the war ending ? 
  what does it symbolise ? 
   i know some of my friends who dont want to watch anime because they think it 's all like fate/kaleid , which is a shame . 
  while it maybe popular , it doesnt help the the stereotype that anime is for perverts, 
  / r/anime has always cared far too much what their friends think of their interests ... 
  he 's not wrong , but more often than not when a religious person does something wrong , / r/ireland uses it as an opportunity to have a go at religious people in general . 
  i 'm not denying that though . 
  no problem . 
  that 's your problem . 
  ... well , that 's pretty much covered all the bases . 
  let 's head home lads . 
   probably once i became cognizant of the real world and my brain was more fully developed . 
  so 6-10 years old ? 
  it 's obvious where your passion/strengths lie from an early age . 
  lucky you . 
  i do n't think i 'll ever discover mine . 
  no you do n't , because you 've obviously never been there . 
  am i the only one surprised at how low our pub density is ? 
  i 'm beginning to doubt the legitimacy of this map . 
  nobody who regularly uses 4chan would say something like this . 
  it 's so ... facebook . 
  why ca n't we just call them the atlantic isles ? 
  i always thought that had a nice ring to it . 
  i come from a town of 5000 people that had 25 pubs , yet i do n't see a single dot on that map where my hometown is . 
  other than iceland , there are no other major islands in the atlantic ( i doubt anybody would count the caribbean islands for obvious reasons ) . 
   british and irish isles is as unambiguous as it gets, 
  yeah , but it 's a mouthful . 
  and that 's coming from somebody who dislikes the term `` british isles '' . 
  have you seen bermuda ? 
  it 's fucking tiny !, 
  works for me . 
  yeah , but as people have been pointing out in the / r/mapporn thread , there are whole towns that are just not represented on that map . 
  i was under the impression that phoenix-class ships deployed their colonization materials via dropships as seen with the base-building dropships deploying from the spirit of fire in the opening cutscene of halo wars . 
  once everything was deployed from the colony ship , the ship would then make a controlled re-entry and beach itself on the planet for disassembly . 
  this would n't require propulsive systems on the scale required actually to keep the ship afloat in atmosphere ( which would be prohibitive considering human pre-war technology ) - just enough to make a `` soft '' re-entry . 
  external damage would n't be an issue considering the ship would never sail again . 
  are you new here by any chance ? 
  no , the map is just shit . 
  seriously , there are whole towns unrepresented .
