  that 's why the facility exists to have a mods reported for an abuse of power . 
  please try to follow the conversation , otherwise we just end up repeating ourselves . 
   i 'm done here . 
  you can fuck right off . 
  no need to get so angry . 
  that child has an `` interesting '' future and a lot of therapy ahead of her . 
  i hope it 's like the final episode of the it crowd where douglas is on secret millionaire . 
  quite likely they 'll go bust within the decade . 
  utv ireland stole some of their prime cash cows ( e.g. 
  coronation street ), 
  the triggerer !, 
  recoil girl !, 
  er ... accidental discharge woman ? 
  well , i for one would be disappointed if some of my favourite subreddits were destroyed in a similar manner . 
  by contrast to the winter olympics , holding the recent oppression olympics in russia was very appropriate . 
  how so ? 
   our old days of `` hamas are n't genocidal madmen , they 're just misunderstood . 
  israel should totally open the borders '' are mostly behind us now . 
  mostly . 
  i just find it bizarre to deny that the attitudes of this subreddit have become more in line with those of srs in the past year or so . 
  that 's a bit of a generalisation given how much tap water can vary in quality over even small distances . 
  the tap water where i live is gorgeous . 
  america sounds scary for a person who does n't like talking to random people on the street . 
  i 've toured extensively in wales , and every single road i traveled ( no matter how rural ) was better than most roads in rural ireland . 
  if you think our system is bad , it 's worse in the uk - just about . 
  til . 
  never knew that in all my time on 4chan posting pictures of depressed frogs . 
  two weeks is a long time on the internet . 
  i think comparing motorways is a bit unfair on britain . 
  for years ireland had no motorways , and most our current ones were built in the past decade . 
  when comparing irish and british roads , it 's better to look at the single carriageway variants . 
  ah shur , we all have our vices . 
   also do n't forget my original point uk police regularly close down roads for hours for small accidents, 
  that 's the british nanny state in action . 
  jeremy clarkson is constantly complaining about motorways being shut down for stupid reasons . 
  so yeah , in that respect you 're correct - our motorways are better managed than those of the uk at least . 
  also , we do n't have speed cameras absolutely * everywhere * . 
  so , triggers ? 
  this is n't tumblr . 
  yeah - you do n't enter this thread expecting to see pictures of puppies . 
  exactly . 
  the threats may not be a pr stunt , but the reaction certainly is . 
  also , just to go off on slightly trivial tangent regarding the screenshots , does anybody else find the advice `` stay safe '' bizarre ? 
  like , anita may not be the brightest bulb in the room , but i really doubt she was considering intentionally putting her life in danger until she saw that tweet reply . 
  can you blame them though ? 
  the english oppressed a * lot * of people in their heyday . 
  it 's hard to keep track . 
  yes , i know . 
  people with ptsd can suffer greatly from being triggered for example . 
  but screenshots of typed threats on twitter do n't warrant a `` nsfl '' warning . 
  especially in a thread * about * such threats . 
  they 're fucking screenshots of typed threats . 
  and people say this place is n't turning into srs lite . 
  yeah , because that was the only thing that was about . 
  because it 's a stupid thing to do and is symbolic of the changes this subreddit has gone through recently . 
  in the past it was accepted that if you came to srd that you would see shitty people doing shitty things . 
  but now we have to care about people 's internet feelings and unnecessarily tag posts with trigger warnings . 
  no , but the misuse of trigger warnings annoys me . 
  for one thing , it trivializes the plights of those who do actually suffer from the likes of ptsd . 
  ** edit : ** what exactly is incorrect about this comment ? 
  the nsfl tag in this capacity was being used as a trigger warning - and inappropriately at that . 
  like , how exactly are those screenshots nsfl ? 
  screenshots of typed threats are highly unlikely to trigger ptsd ( look it up ; ptsd is largely striggered by sensory stimuli ) . 
  and besides , the title of this post and the name of the link to the screenshots should be enough to ward off people who might have an issue with the content . 
  i 'm not in the habit of facilitating those with no common sense . 
   how do those warnings affect you in any way ? 
  it 's as if you think people ought to be expected to act like complete assholes and you 're upset when the majority of people turn out to not want others to unintentionally come to harm . 
  i 've never even implied that . 
  all i 'm saying is that the nsfl tag is stupid and unwarranted . 
  well , i 'll be honest - if your * legitimate * ptsd is bad enough to be triggered by typed threats , you should n't be on srd . 
  and you definitely should n't be in a thread * about * threats typed on twitter . 
  can you not see the common sense there ? 
  fine , i 'll rephrase : if your * legitimate * ptsd is bad enough to be triggered by typed threats , you should n't be on srd . 
  and you definitely should n't be in a thread about threats typed on twitter . 
  can you not see the common sense there ? 
  i feel like i 'm talking to people from tumblr . 
  since when does srd ban the use of `` slurs '' ? 
  i do n't see how i 'm being an asshole due to my distaste for sjw bullshit . 
  wow , thanks for fucking clarifying !, 
   i really do n't get your objection to someone linking to something especially awful, 
  are you actually serious ? 
  it 's so mild it barely even warrants comment . 
  look , i 'm done with this argument . 
  the torrent of downvotes has proven that people do n't give a shit about my views on the topic . 
  all i 'll say is that i 've been away from srd for about a year ( i returned on the back of the zoey quinn bullshit ) , and before i left i really do n't think i would have been attacked in this manner for what i said . 
  this place has really taken a turn for the worse . 
  i preferred when this place was warily neutral towards srs , instead of being srs lite . 
  i preferred the left hand side story - at least until the 8th panel . 
  well , stay away from 4chan then if it 's hurting your feelings . 
  i recommend tumblr . 
  it would be perfect for you . 
   implying 4chins is n't the most intellectual site on the internet, 
  feminism has no place on 4chan , and therefore has no place on / r/4chan . 
  there is so much wrong with this sentence , i do n't know where to begin . 
   4chan 's hatred of feminists or people on tumblr is the oddest thing ever . 
  yet it 's perfectly justifiable . 
  i wish i knew what a `` warplance '' was . 
  some of them are insufferable nimbys though . 
  and once it goes mainstream , things start to get * weird * ... 
  that seems ridiculously harsh .
