  the lifestyle in a communist country . 
   lol, 
  great , this is going to be a stimulating conversation ... / s, 
  you 're not listening to me . 
  circlejerk = / = legitimate cricitism . 
  nope . 
  the word has a meaning - you ca n't just apply your own definition to it because you do n't agree with the meaning . 
  what you 're doing right now is the equivalent of sticking your fingers in your ears and shouting `` la la la , i ca n't hear you ! '' . 
  the term has a real , concrete definition whether you like it or not . 
   as a silly slang term, 
  ... in your opinion . 
  ask most people on the internet and they can tell you exactly what the term means . 
  oh , the oppression !!, 
  that 's a rational reaction by people during a time of crisis when they feel powerless to help . 
  i personally do n't agree with it myself , but i understand and respect it . 
  truly the most oppressed people in the history of mankind / s, 
  it 's about how they 're presented . 
  it 's sarcasm because the `` oppression '' that atheists face in america is trivial 99 % of the time . 
  so you can fuck right off with your smary attitude . 
  atheists are n't * critical * to anything . 
  the `` evidence '' you provided is n't exactly from an unbiased source , so do n't expect me to `` counter '' what i refuse to take seriously . 
  my background is economics/financial law , and i work as a liaison officer between the legal and financial departments at a multinational company . 
  it 's a job that gives me financial security and a wide range of benefits , so i think i 'd be right in considering it to be a `` good job '' . 
  my attacking of the source was supplementing my dismissal of the severity of the findings . 
  as i said , it 's all trivial stuff . 
  not exactly what i 'd call widespread oppression of american atheists . 
  it 's obvious that the only way that this conversation will progress from your point of view is if i agree with you , and that ai n't gon na happen . 
   just give up already if this is the best you 've got lol, 
   lol, 
  if only you 'd said this earlier - then i would have known that this was going to be a pointless conversation and i could have gone and done something better with my time . 
  fine , you 're under no obligation to believe me . 
  but i 've spoken about my job many times on subreddits such as / r/ireland , so feel free to check it out if you so wish . 
  but i suspect that you 're just a bit rectally irritated that somebody can get ahead in life without subscribing to your social theory . 
  for what reason ? 
  well i guess i 'm an exception to that rule , eh ? 
  what 's to explain ? 
  well , one person 's take on `` social justice '' might be different to another 's . 
  because the negatives of being social started to outweigh the benefits , and it therefore ceased to be a worthwhile investment of my time . 
  bullied , no . 
  i just do n't fancy revealing the my social tribulations on / r/4chan . 
  begin arming the kite !, 
  something very dodgy about that organisation . 
  i take it you 've never actually used the website and are defining it solely by the well-known exploits of / b / ? 
  i 'm right , ai n't i ? 
  hey now , we do n't want to start ww3 - just annex the north . 
  british and irish humour is far superior to american `` humor '' . 
  that joke is originally from / a / , trickled down onto facebook , and now has been reposted on 4chan again . 
  the cycle is complete . 
  you 'll have to pay it soon even if you do n't have a tv . 
  an anti-abortion agenda is taught in irish schools ? 
  are you serious ? 
  if america elects clinton , they will have another war during her term . 
  based on what he 's said so far , what is trump planning on doing that could be worse than that ? 
   he 'll commit war crimes by targeting civilians and engaging in torture . 
  so just like every president before him and what clinton will inevitably do ( except she 'll keep her mouth shut due to her `` experience '' ) . 
  good stuff . 
  you 'd swear that the election of trump will mark the end of civilisation in the usa . 
  eh , they can have longford . 
  people like you underestimating him have been instrumental in him getting this far . 
  yeah , 4chan 's outrage about finn was something i could n't really bring myself to support . 
  he was an original character and his race was n't relevant to who he was . 
  if the tfa had any problem in the character department it was that it went a bit overboard with the strong female protagonist trope . 
   men tend to carry more guns in their homes compared to women, 
  but then why does the statistic hold true even in countries where it 's very difficult to acquire a gun ? 
  it 's funny on social media because nobody gets shot . 
   trailer did not do the movies comedy style justice . 
  a movie typically has to be funny for it to have a comedy style . 
  i think what 's pissing off a lot of people is that no reason was given or recorded as to why the bar was been shut down . 
  that and the fact that there was zero student consultation beforehand . 
  ucc management have always harboured a somewhat dismissive attitude towards the student body ( at least that 's how it seemed to be in my time there ) and this is clear evidence of it in action . 
  the old bar may not be the fanciest bar , but it 's a great focal point and considerably more popular than the new bar . 
  jesus , it 's gon na be zimbabwe all over again , is n't it ? 
   it was bound to happen . 
  that does n't mean it * should * happen . 
  if anything , sa should have had enough cop on to learn from what happened in zimbabwe . 
  traditionally hard workers too . 
  and if we learnt anything from the eastern european immigrants , irish people do n't really have a problem with immigrants as long as they work hard , integrate , and do n't overwhelm us . 
  do n't let your dreams be dreams . 
  weird , i have n't seen / pol / do something like this to reddit in a while . 
  i wonder what drew their attention specifically to us ? 
  i know that / r/ireland is frequently criticized on / pol / 's ireland threads , but for a yank to make that sort of post seems suspiciously targeted . 
  ww has always leaned heavily left wing . 
  hardly surprising considering the lads that run it . 
  good . 
  shes some chancer . 
  tipperary 's gaelic team has come a long way in recent years . 
  half of those things are n't so bad if ( a ) they 're put in context and ( b ) you 're right wing . 
  hillary is corrupt , careless , hypocritical warhawk . 
  a vote for her significantly increases the chances of the usa getting intangled in pointless conflict . 
  thats one of the worst possible outcomes as far as i 'm concerned . 
  trump favours military isolationism which should be the wet dream of the left wing . 
  here 's an idea ; if women ca n't handle alcohol as well as men , maybe they should drink less instead of absolving them of responsibility . 
  what about him ? 
  i do n't follow ... 
  so on a 2 lane motorway , hgvs are never permitted in the overtaking lane ? 
  not even when overtaking an oap doing 50km/h in a 1995 toyota carina ? 
  again ? 
  did leitrim not have a set before but locals tore them down for being the work of the devil ? 
  and ? 
  waifudom will get you mad street cred though .
