  nah , i just got ta be at work in a hour and do n't have time to watch it . 
   did the people of scotland choose to be part of the ` british ' empire ( back in 1603 or 1707 ) ? 
  i thought scotland entered the united kingdom `` voluntarily '' due to financial issues caused by failed colonisation efforts ? 
  you 're not factually wrong to be fair . 
  during the height of the british empire , the ruling country was known as the united kingdom of great britain & ireland . 
  we were a bit more than a colony . 
  sorta like algeria to france in the 19th and early 20th century . 
  i 'm pretty sure the uk was in control of nepal for at least a short period of time . 
  very well said . 
  better than i could articulate it anyway . 
   it 's also the main reason why synthesis was so rejected despite in many ways , being the best ending possible . 
  implying i could ever betray edi and not give her the ending she deserved . 
  ultron was handled really quite interestingly in the latest movie . 
  i know it 's all been done in the comics before , but the scene where he became conscious was of particular note . 
  without a purpose he was confused and vulnerable . 
  but once he realised the reason behind his creation and subsequently the most efficient means of achieving that goal ( although his actual practical means of achieving that was * far * from efficient ) , he essentially became a person built around a singular purpose . 
  he had a personality , he even had a sense of humour , and he could manipulate people 's emotions for his own ends . 
  but in the end it was those very `` emotions '' that brought about his downfall . 
  he became too obsessed with defeating the avengers , in particular tony stark ( any comparison between himself and tony cracking his usually calm demeanor ) . 
  he saw them as the antithesis of his purpose and their mere existence seemed to make him angry and act rashly . 
   question arises , if you even take my speculation at face value , does john experience emotions as vividly as most others ? 
  his socialization was tampered by the nature of being a gen-2 spartan , and if his experience of joy or love - could n't - be as vivid as ours , then cortana 's data set of `` love '' would be from a much different perspective than we might define . 
  fucking hell man , that 's some brilliant insight you have there . 
  i never considered that the vast majority of cortana 's knowledge of emotion has been seen through the filter of john . 
   this raises , further , why cortana seems always more emotional than john . 
   `` before this is all over , promise me you 'll figure out which one of us is the machine . '', 
   is she compensating for his struggle to connect , is she trying to complete him using her real or even mimicked emotions ? 
  i think your latter suggestion touches off my own theory . 
  as made abundantly clear in halo 4 , john is - at his core - broken . 
  interfacing with him , cortana might have realised that there was something amiss/missing within him . 
  it might have taken her time to realise what exactly it was ( in fact she might not ever have been able to determine * fully * what it was at all due to her lack of knowledge of what a normal human should be like on an emotional level , but i 'd say she could make an educated guess given all the information at her disposal ) , but she must have deduced that it was something emotional . 
  and in an earnest attempt to make her soldier better , she tried to plug that gap . 
  how long had cortana been in existence before being paired with john ? 
  to be fair , those indian principalities may have had autonomy , but there was never any doubt as to who had true control over them . 
  that does n't change the facts though . 
  i do n't think thailand was ever truly colonised by anybody . 
  bit on an anomaly in south east asia in that regard . 
  i really do n't think that counts as an invasion though . 
  would the us airbases in japan constitute an invasion ? 
  what was she doing before being paired with john ? 
  huh , til . 
  is it really an invasion though if the nation being `` invaded '' does n't offer any resistance to the invasion ? 
  like , the war had been over for a number of years before the bases were properly established . 
  given / r/ireland 's track record , i highly doubt that . 
  i felt for what we got , the vision was well-handled . 
  i just wish we could have gotten more of/about him . 
   but the hanger on the old design was probably not made to be walked around during slipspace or without a pressure and eva suit . 
  what 's your source on that if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  do n't worry , they 've tried multiple times to get that subreddit shut down and the reddit admins are so far having none of it . 
  i eat whatever i want and i 'm still thin and quite fit . 
  it 's all a matter of just doing a bit of cardio on a regular basis . 
  he speaks 9 languages - that 's bloody impressive . 
  what a magnificently compelling argument ... 
  i 'm not voting no . 
  what was the point of that comment though ? 
  do you think somebody is going to have a miraculous revelation and join the yes campaign just because they saw the words `` vote yes '' ? 
  i was only speaking personally of course , but cardio is a great way to lose weight for all people . 
   so the actual point was to let people know how he 's voting , for some reason certain people ca n't help but let everyone else know , despite the fact that no one cares . 
  so you see , you and op are n't all too different . 
  but i 'm not expressing how i 'm voting or anything of the sort . 
  i was just highlighting how utterly pointless your comment was . 
   i find it hard to watch them do that while you get up and go to work everyday, 
  but what business is it of your 's what they do with their lives ? 
  was your friendship with them so weak that it was thwarted by the fact that they do n't have the same lifestyle as you ? 
   but i really believe that after a certain period of time on the dole you should be made do voluntary work for your local council or charity . 
  yeah , that 's not going to work . 
  also , being forced to work for a charity seems rather counter-intuitive . 
  i do n't see how what he said could be perceived as arrogant . 
  when applied to certain people on the dole , it 's perfectly true . 
  to be fair , as well as the shitty things she did , could it really be said that it outweighed the good she did ? 
  maybe you should learn to type before we mistake you for a lunatic . 
   ca n't handle the banter, 
   but sword art online is actually a good anime . 
  how can you expect to catch anything with that poor quality bait ? 
  i 'm not saying that was a good thing to do by any stretch of the imagination . 
  it 's just that she also did a lot of good in india . 
  it 's the main reason she 's so highly regarded over there . 
  you ca n't just ignore that . 
  i 'm fully employed , thanks . 
  have been that way almost consistently for over 6 years now . 
  wow , that 's some serious lack of understanding regarding how irish politics and the role of the president works . 
  second only to `` i 'd bring out the nice biscuits if he came to visit '' . 
  i ca n't say i was a fan of dev if i 'm honest . 
  and while i have no real problem with her , i had no particular fondness for mary robinson either . 
  christ , i just watched the video there . 
  how on earth did rte allow that to be broadcast ? 
  not that i 'm complaining ... 
  beat me to it . 
   what 's the point of putting one of the few capable politicians into that position ? 
  because imagine how much of a mess the state visit to england for example would have been if we had n't put somebody right for the job in the role . 
  the role of president is not an easy one and requires a very particular type of person . 
  michael d , having essentially removed himself from mainstream politics , was perfect for the role and it would have been a waste not to elect him . 
   but at least season 2 was amazing . 
  is this a bait thread ? 
  sao is pleb-tier shit . 
  happy ? 
  this guy has his priorities right in life . 
  why ca n't the rest of you morons be more like him ? 
  but you lost a war to them right off your own coast while they had to travel half way across the world . 
  does that not cancel it out ?
