  hyperbole . 
   i have ever right to care about the well-being of others, 
  yeah , i 'm sure you really care and it 's totally not about telling others how to live their lives . 
   how is saying that the number of hours spent staring at a screen is harming the nation, 
  because the negative effects are minimal . 
   serious, 
  i do n't think you know what that word means . 
   ironically , your use of the word ` hyperbole ' was hyperbole itself haha, 
   haha, 
  and i literally just answered the question in my previous comment . 
  if you think / r/overwatch is bad , you should see the overwatch general over on / vg / . 
  those people are scary . 
  he was n't actually . 
  he is just retrospectively portrayed as such due to his actions during a time of crisis . 
   nuking a whole country is not a response to an attack you little shit, 
  it would be if the attack was significant enough and constituted an act of war . 
  from a purely militaristic standpoint , that is . 
  well , that 's only if you buy into its reputation and apply said reputation to the entire website . 
  yes ? 
   they 're annoyed , but it 's hardly `` scary '' if you understand 4chan culture, 
  it was a joke - i 'm a regular in the / owg / threads . 
   if you 're a grown adult and dedicate nearly all your free time to video games it 's like , really ? 
  really what ? 
  it 's their free time . 
   a couple people i know wo n't get jobs because they wo n't have enough free time for gaming . 
  what age bracket are we talking about here ? 
  because that is pretty damn extreme alright . 
   also gamers are often gross asshole 's with anger issues and no respect . 
  generalisation much ? 
   that does n't even make sense, 
  he 's promoting normie ideals - how is that not a problem ? 
   he was n't aware iraq had sunnis and shias and obviously how this was important, 
  to be fair , in 2001 most people in the west would n't have understood the complexities of the shitstorm that is middle eastern religious sectarianism . 
   ah , i did n't know what normie meant . 
  i do n't go to 4chan, 
  oh my sweet summer newfriend ... 
  your mother raised you well . 
  what were their demands ? 
  so the parade organizers just told the participating police to fuck off ? 
  i want off trudeau 's wild ride . 
   i have absolutely no clue why posting anonymously would be a plus . 
  really ? 
  you do n't see the benefit of online anonymity ? 
   i also hate the traditional forum style of 4chan that rewards early posting rather than quality posting since there 's no up/down vote . 
  whereas the reddit voting system rewards the regurgitation popular opinions and puns while stifling opposing opinions and actual discussion . 
   plus i generally dislike the overall 4chan culture and idea . 
  what do you mean by this ? 
  that 's the issue i have with reddit though ; whereas 4chan is admittedly over-cynical , i prefer that to the abundance of positivity found on reddit . 
  it 's just overbearing and seems disingenuous a lot of the time . 
  the same could be said for any eurozone country - not just italy . 
   current year, 
   not being right wing, 
  if you 're american , that 's a bit rich coming from the land of budweiser . 
   posts image sideways, 
  honestly / u/brewski420 ? 
  you could have just rotated the image before uploading it . 
   instead of slaves to either allah, 
  that wo n't change post-brexit . 
  i did n't . 
  these stories are incredibly one-sided by their very nature , and in my experience stories that pertain to teachers `` bullying '' a student for stuff they claim to have had no involvement in tend to be especially bent in favour of the op . 
  think back to highschool ; remember those kids who could never understand why they were constantly in trouble with teachers despite everybody else knowing exactly why ? 
  they 're always the ones who claim that the teachers were ganging up on them for no reason/bullshit reason . 
   dating a girl who wo n't let you have sex with her, 
  why bother ? 
  nah , you 're better than that . 
  i see you more as a job centre plus kinda guy . 
  it 's bad enough that the national broadcaster did n't get the rights to previous world cup , but now you wo n't be able to watch the world cup unless you 're signed up for some subscription with eir ? 
  i 've been doing that since i was 20 . 
   it 's what it 's supposed to be like, 
  i know , it 's awful . 
  they sound like good parents - what 's he complaining about ? 
  the m6 is one of my favourite tanks in the game ; it 's an absolute beast with the top gun . 
  strangely though , unlike most people , i disliked the t29 and never went any further on the american heavy line . 
   a interesting dissection of american ignorance of african monarchies, 
  well , who here can really claim to be an expert on african monarchies ? 
  jesus christ , americans are so shit at banter . 
  it 's like 320,000,000 people have decided to band together to work towards being unable to handle the bantz . 
  planetlet . 
   ut the term ` ireland ' is coequally used to describe roi , it does n't help that the republic of ireland sometimes refers to itself just as ` ireland ' . 
  that 's because `` ireland '' is the official name of our country . 
  nothing colloquial about it . 
  i personally know one neet living comfortably on benefits attained by deception , so it 's not * that * improbable . 
   current year, 
   wanting a gf, 
   so i do n't mind paying taxes to have people like this live in their own mental prison , he 's basically being paid to torture himself . 
  hardly . 
  if he 's comfy and at least content , he 's doing better than most of us . 
   you have to be extremely retarded to not slowly hate yourself and your life if you do nothing with it, 
  that 's the sorta shit wageslaves say . 
  there 's more to life than work . 
  hit the nail on the head there . 
  i currently have a steady job that i acquired with minimal effort . 
  i do n't hate it and it gives me a comfortable lifestyle . 
  but i have no expensive hobbies or a desire to have kids , so if i lost my job in the morning , i 'd seriously be considering a neet lifestyle rather than trying to re-enter the rat race the hard way . 
   i dont see how racism is attractive, 
  looking at the world we 're living in today should give you an idea . 
  now do n't get me wrong , i 'm not racist - but i can understand how modern society acts as a breeding ground for it . 
   a better world for all should be an attractive narrative but its constantly under attack . 
  it 's constantly under attack because liberals/leftists are the only ones being allowed define what that better world should be . 
   i wish people would realize that the democratic party isnt a left wing party , its a center right party that panders to people on the left and nothing more .
