  well there 's always an inherent risk with torrents . 
  but the risk-reward dichotomy leans heavily towards the reward if you 're careful . 
  not sure if serious ... 
   implying, 
  pretty much all of europe to be honest . 
  romania in particular exports the worst emigrants in the eu . 
  and ? 
  canada is way better than greece . 
  well , he 's not wrong . 
  but americans are essentially lobotomized europeans . 
   three have an `` all you can eat '' ( 15gb limit ) 3g and 4g data on prepay . 
  how much do you pay per month to maintain that ? 
  well that 's what i meant . 
  i just did n't word it correctly i guess . 
  the us tends to get the best of the world 's emigrants because you need to have a decent amount of cash to get to the usa . 
  unless you 're a robot . 
  that makes no sense . 
  the same could be said about the united states . 
  who would n't want the queen ? 
  she 's awesome !, 
  you 'd be surprised how many people do n't actually care at this stage . 
  you do realise that the water charges are so * watered down * at this stage that there 's actually very little point to them at all as they wo n't encourage conservation ? 
  keep trying , argies . 
  it 's not like you 'll ever actually be considered white by the white people of the world . 
  ireland 's tolerance of differing opinions shines again . 
  why engage in debate when you can just downvote those voices of dissent away !, 
  and for the record , i 'm not voting on this referendum at all . 
  just to dispel any accusations of bias . 
  there 's a point where we needed to stop , and we have clearly passed it . 
  i do n't have enough interest in the debate to pick a side , hence i feel it would be wrong of me to vote on it . 
  let the people who actually care about it vote on the issue . 
  i 'm relatively well educated on the issue and have participated in a number of discussions on it both online and offline . 
  but i ca n't formulate a strong opinion either way . 
  the referendum could have either result and i would n't really care . 
  let the people decide . 
  if that 's what makes you feel okay about suppressing the opposing side on an upcoming referendum , work away . 
  personally i feel that if the country is going to vote on an issue , both sides of the debate should be treated equally . 
  if each side just starts insulting the other , it robs the whole thing of any sense of maturity . 
  what 's so great about being white if all the other whites in the world do n't consider you white ? 
  the russians are building a new tank ? 
   not because i 'm seeking some eurofags approval . 
  suuuuure ... 
  everybody knows the argentinians who claim to be `` white '' long to be considered part of europe . 
  that 's partially where the whole joke comes from . 
  so the debate for this referendum should just be a one-sided circlejerk ? 
  that does n't sound like democracy to me . 
  i really hope he did n't die to an act of foolishness like that . 
   he definitely should be fired for assaulting and using a irish slur, 
  i thought he just called the guy lazy , irish , and a cunt , with no actual racial slur being used itself ? 
  regardless , i 've said it before and i 'll say it again , i do n't give a crap what he says - but punching another person in the workplace is never called for . 
  to be fair , if you 're referring to the nursery rhyme incident , there 's a whole generation of people out there that learned it with the word `` nigger '' included . 
  sometimes those things can just sorta slip out if they are embedded in your mind from a very young age . 
  the flagrant disregard for law enforcement is very subtle but effective in its message . 
  the common plebian might easily miss it . 
  how the hell does a bangladeshi have internet access ? 
  typical americans , ca n't commit to anything . 
  at least once a week , like clockwork ... 
  we know . 
  believe me , up until this latest generation , the majority of us * knew * they were a race of ugly ugly people . 
  fucking new generation with their `` notions '' ruining everything though . 
  we make up for a lack of looks in other ways though . 
  free room and board !, 
  why would anybody leave ? 
  some anime fans do n't exactly have a lot of disposable income to throw around . 
  listen here , i know your country is sexually repressed as fuck ( although that really should be one of your lesser concerns give how much of mess the place is in at moment ) , but that 's no excuse to go around pushing your puritan beliefs on anime fans . 
  if you love / r/trueanime so much , why not stay there ? 
  he 's not wrong . 
  every year the sjw 's tighten their grasp on the gaming industry because nobody with power is willing to stand up to them ( for various reasons ) . 
   indoctrination, 
  so , you think that everybody else is susceptible to indoctrination at college age , but you 're not because you 're a special little snowflake ? 
   i 'm mildly irritated by the irrationality of religions , but very annoyed at the special place this irrationality is given in our educational system, 
  as other people have said in this thread , grow the fuck up . 
  at the college i attended , the chaplaincy was held in high regard by almost all students ( except the die-hard atheists ) . 
  they welcomed people of all faiths and no faiths to their various coffee mornings and other events , and the staff was generally seen as very laid back and friendly . 
  especially popular with overseas students for some reason too . 
  yes , super common people . 
  i recall seeing you once claim in a thread on another subreddit that you were egyptian ( only reason i noticed you was the big red tally of downvotes sitting beside your name ) . 
  hopefully that provides context to what i said . 
  that 's only something society convinces you people have so you wo n't be a burden . 
  the thing is you 're right . 
  that * is * the attitude of most internet pirates . 
  now , there is certain defenses of pirating that have * some * merit ( i 've used them many a time in a piracy discussion ) , but the fact of the matter is that most pirates do what they do because it 's cheaper and more convenient than the alternative . 
  i wonder how much of an effect that will have on your internet speeds though ? 
  have n't a couple of countries made internet access a human right in recent years ? 
  i think at least one of them was nordic ( no surprise there ) . 
  but muh tor and proxies !, 
  not that i can think of . 
  which sucks , because setting up a local vpn is a whore . 
  while what you say is true , i just fear that they 'll go so far down the sjw route in search of profit that when that when the time comes to pull out , they 'll have gone too far and we 'll have have sjw elements in our games forever . 
   indie games, 
   free of sjws, 
  that 's pretty much their home turf . 
  but not inaccurate at the same time . 
  if they ca n't , that 's fine . 
  but if they just do n't want to , they 're tempering the potential development of the child . 
  that 's just something to consider . 
  it has n't even been 150 years since the great famine . 
  they deserve it though . 
  but we 're friends with the english now . 
  the queen to visit and everything .
