  the benefits of flac are numerous , but the file sizes are huge and you end up being limited in terms of what devices you can play your music on . 
  i 'll respond to your 's if you like . 
  rap is a disease . 
   rap music gives you stories about hood life, 
  but i 'm an upstanding member of society and stay on the right side of the law . 
  how can i relate to stuff like that ? 
  that 's what i do with music files i think might be hard to get in the future . 
  it 's an effective way of ensuring a good blend of convenience and sound quality . 
  i never had any friends within my course at college . 
  for the 5 years i was there i barely ever talked to any of the people i was with for about 6 hours of every weekday . 
  in first year they tried to include me to a token degree , but i always had an excuse ready to go . 
  group projects became a bit of an issue in second year , but good grades from the previous year gave me a bit of leverage with my lecturers and i convinced them to let me do the projects on my own for various bullshit reasons . 
  managed to keep that going all the way to graduation . 
  you seem rectally frustrated , m8 . 
  you 're not wrong . 
   negative bastards and that when someone is doing well they would be perceived as having notions . 
  i like this about ireland . 
   compare this to other countries where people are genuinely delighted for you when you say such a thing . 
  america , and lets face it , we do n't want to become more like america . 
  optimism has never served the irish people well . 
  but i like the rain . 
   the euro has not been kind to us . 
  i still would n't be inclined to leave the eurozone . 
  do n't lie on the internet . 
  michael collins ' optimism screwed him over in the long run , jack charlton was n't even irish , and as for whitaker ... i actually do n't know enough about him to try and counter that assertion . 
   believe it or not i suspected jack charlton may not have been raised locally . 
  shtop the lights !, 
  i prefer to live the poorfag lifestyle despite having a well-paying job . 
  i like equipment that 's functional and meets my requirements , even if it is old/cheap . 
  for example , i 've had the same phone/music player for the past 4 years and it 's still serving me well . 
  and besides , unlike you we ca n't all have rich parents who let us buy whatever we want . 
   i remember a cracking few weeks of sunshine 2 years and everyone was so much more upbeat . 
  well , exposure to sunshine has a proven effect on people 's disposition . 
   if i said that last sentence among a group of people at home , some people i know would perceive it as notions . 
  i like it in the capacity that it encourages people keep things that are of little relevance to others to themselves , and more importantly discourages boasting . 
  from an early age , most irish people consider anything even remotely close to boasting to be quite taboo . 
  when i was in secondary school , those that boasted about their achievements ( legitimate or otherwise ) were the exception rather than the rule . 
  the thing is , anons only get called `` femanons '' when they draw attention to the fact that they are female and hence remove an element of their anonymity . 
  you ca n't be truly anonymous if we know a defining fact about you . 
   tfw your parents gave you hambeast points, 
  placate the beast with the hbp !, 
  nah , recently there 's always roughly 2 threads clearly made by a girl in the / r9k / catalog . 
  i ca n't understand it either . 
   but i would n't exactly consider anything i said boasting either , but i can hear the smart remark coming already . 
  personally , i would n't consider what you said to be boasting , but i can easily imagine that there are those that would . 
  and those people are taking it too far and most likely have other reasons for being bitter . 
  what do you mean ? 
  or vinyl records . 
  no we would n't . 
  stop being stupid . 
  are you not condoning violence in that case ? 
   be male, 
   give a shit about fashion, 
  choose one . 
   not bringing a record player to the gym, 
  seriously anon , i do n't think you 're going to make it . 
  sure ... 
  it 's still violence . 
   being this much of a normalfag, 
  well , given your aggression , i now understand why you condone violence . 
  you 're factually correct . 
  but / r/ireland has never let facts stand in its way of being outraged by something . 
  brace for downvotes . 
  why would anybody from 4chan need to watch some youtuber talk about sex ? 
  it has already begun . 
  the feels  facts crowd has arrived . 
  i 've been on the receiving end of / r/ireland 's black and white views of the israel-palestine conflict in the past . 
  you simply could n't take any sort of an opposing stance if you had any fondness for karma . 
   i think one of the biggest political blunders europeans made post ww2 was the creation of the israeli state . 
  this on it 's own is incorrect . 
  with the holocaust fresh in everybody 's minds post-ww2 , not giving the jews a homeland then after decades of promises would have been politically - and possibly morally - unwise ( zionism was a growing movement throughout the first half of the 20th century , and the holocaust gave it a lot credence and merit post-ww2 ) . 
  now , with the benefit of hindsight , palestine might not have been the best place in the world to try and settle the jews . 
  but at the time , there were already a substantial number of jews living in the area , britain still had control over the region , the arab powers in the surrounding area were weak , and the historical/religious claim the jews had over the land just could n't be ignored by some of the people with the power to grant the jews their homeland . 
  ** edit : ** / r/ireland will even downvote historically accurate statements just because it conflicts with their preconceived opinions on a topic . 
  select facts that / r/ireland has repeatedly ignored in the past when the issue of palestine arises . 
  in my experience they are regularly ignored . 
  / r/ireland has a proven track record of pretending that israel is some all-powerful , monolithic evil and that all palestinians are completely innocent . 
  with the benefit of hindsight , yes . 
  but i 'm arguing that , * at the time * , it was seen as a good decision for the reasons i have listed . 
   theres lots of critical debate when it arrises, 
  not in a lot of the threads i 've saw when the most recent war was ongoing . 
  just blind israeli hatred while simultaneously painting the palestinians as some sort of saintly underdogs that we all have a moral/historical obligation to support . 
  it 's like everybody else was n't even trying . 
  thanks man . 
  i do n't care if people have an issue with what i say . 
  it 's when they silently downvote and stifle dialogue that bugs me . 
  all i 'm saying is that given the factors i mentioned in my original comment , * all * the people involved in the creation of the jewish state could have foreseen the clusterfuck that would occur in the future in the region . 
  one of the major things people forget for example is that directly after the war , the uk could not have predicted how quickly their empire would fall apart . 
  they would have expected to be able to exert control in one form or another over the middle east for decades to come . 
  whose point of view ? 
  at the height of the war , i was heavily downvoted when i dared suggest that the conflict in palestine was n't black and white . 
  i 'm not sure - that 's why i asked . 
  the point of view of the people making the comments or that of the politicians post ww2 ? 
  but why was i targeted then ... ? 
  [ * rocks in fetal postition * ], 
  well that 's his point of view . 
  i disagree , but he 's entitled to hold that opinion . 
  maybe , but i 'm usually careful with my wording . 
  oh well , it 's not like it matters now . 
   there is a clear moral obligation to support the palestinians .
