  but the current conflict in gaza actually does n't have much to do with that . 
  israel has been out of gaza since 2005 . 
  egypt has a border crossing with gaza too , but they closed their end of it . 
  just clarifying that israel is only attempting to secure its * own * territory by closing the border crossings . 
  y' know , to stop suicide bombers and hamas militants streaming into israeli territory . 
  because that used to actually happen quite a bit . 
  what do you want me to say about it ? 
  i 'm not an israeli supporter no more than i 'm a palestinian supporter . 
  in fact , my entire mantra throughout this debate has been that we * should n't * take sides because both sides are committing atrocities , yet both have understandable reasons for wanting to continue to fight . 
   treated the palestinians like the nazis treated the jews, 
  hyperbole does n't help . 
   my point about palestine is they barely have electricity and all import/export is controlled by israel so it 's not like you with an opposing viewpoint to myself have anything to boycott from the palestinians . 
  fuck , you 're going to have to forgive me here - i misread palestinians in your previous comment as `` pakistanis '' for some reason . 
  hence my confusion as to its relevance . 
  fuck me , i do n't know i made that mistake !, 
  lost cause , mate . 
  just kidding , but seriously - i know you 're supporting humanity and such , but i 'm just saying what it looks like to the casual observer . 
  in most wars there tends to be two opposing sides . 
  by saying you oppose israel , you 're inadvertently aligning yourself with hamas in the eyes of the common man . 
  unless you clarify of course . 
   is it to exert market pressure on a democracy ? 
  but it simply wo n't work if that 's the aim of the boycotts . 
  i can understand it being a symbolic gesture ( even if i think it 's flawed ) , but it definitely wo n't have any impact on israel nor the conflict . 
   the stance against hamas is accepted as default . 
  but does the average person know that ? 
  because i certainly do n't think they do . 
  if a person does n't know much about the conflict , hamas could easily be perceived as freedom fighters . 
   obody is even criticising the right for israel to defend itself or even them breaking up the tunnel network , it 's the indiscriminate bombing that people are appalled by . 
  but gaza is tiny !, 
  there 's going to be collateral damage regardless of how israel wages war . 
  in fact , they have been actually being doing quite a bit to minimize civilian causalities when they drop ordnance - warning leaflets and smart bombs being the two primary examples . 
  in fact , there was a picture on the front page of reddit the other day showing a laser-guided ( or was it infra-red , i ca n't quite remember ) israeli bomb about to hit a building in gaza . 
  but locals had heeded the earlier warning leaflets and had left the immediate area . 
   it 's a pretty misleading tactic and p stupid because nobody 's falling for it, 
  tactic to what end ? 
  ( sorry about how slow my replies are - because i 'm getting so heavily downvoted , i can only make a comment once every 10 minutes ), 
   i 'm no moron, 
  i can only take your word for it , i 'm afraid . 
   haha , you make me laugh . 
  why is that ? 
  wow , great reply ... ... * truly * adds to the discussion . 
  i might be getting downvoted to the point where i can only reply once every 10 minutes , but at least i 'm putting thought into my responses . 
   the boycott alone might n't do it but it can be the start of a larger movement that does bring change . 
  not while israel has america 's backing . 
   jesus , you 're a cynical cunt tonight . 
  just because i 'm cynical does n't make me wrong . 
  not that / r/ireland cares about that distinction ... 
   you 're painting it like it 's black and white , when it 's oh so many shades of grey . 
  the fucking irony . 
  check out my comment history . 
  in previous posts about gaza in / r/ireland , i 've been advocating that the conflict * is n't * black and white , but i used to constantly get downvoted by people who were convinced israel is the devil incarnate . 
  now a few days later , i get accused of painting the conflict as black and white because i suggest that people who protest against israel might be perceived as being on hamas 's side . 
  mother of christ , i ca n't keep up with this subreddit ... 
   and stop with the casual observer bullshit , bring your literacy levels up . 
  that insult makes no sense . 
  do you want to me to use a synonym for `` casual observer '' just for the sake of it ? 
  jesus , what a petty grievance . 
  i want you to think very hard about what the nazis did to the jews . 
  and then i want you to think about the current situation in gaza . 
  come back to me when you 've found a way to equate the two . 
  well , at least you tried ... . 
  why ? 
  for holding an opinion that / r/ireland does n't like ? 
  depends which reddit app you 're using . 
  i like the way you call people who do n't agree with you trolls though - it 's a nice touch . 
  the majority of israel 's military capacity is funded by america . 
  your boycott will have zero impact . 
  actually , just the other day iran announced that it had recently supplied hamas with weapons . 
  look it up . 
  also , why am i a piece of filth for holding an opposing viewpoint ? 
  it 's over 12 hours later , and i still ca n't regularly comment here due to all the downvotes i got in that thread . 
  it 's like having been at a really shitty nightclub the night before and then suffering from a debilitating hangover the next morning . 
  but no more a waste of time than anything else that happens on this website . 
  ca n't wait for the same people who were lauding them last night for supposedly participating in the boycott to turn on supervalu for * not * supporting it . 
  fun fun fun !, 
  man , i 've been on this subreddit for quite some time ( this is my 3rd account ) , but i 've never been at the epicenter of such a concentrated flow of hatred as i was last night . 
  t'was quite the experience . 
  ** edit : ** evidently some people ca n't let bygones be bygones . 
  better than being an idealistic optimist . 
  how am i ignorant ? 
  i 've been called a lot of things here so far , but not ignorant . 
  please enlighten me . 
  the vast majority of us do n't care . 
  i hope you know that , and frankly i hope it bothers you . 
  but it looks nothing like a tank . 
  i ca n't see why it would n't be . 
  ah , you 'll fit in just fine then . 
  implying it was n't already in disrepute . 
  i wish cork would annex the rest of munster so i 'd never have to leave the people 's republic . 
  how do you make a warship worse than its predecessor ? 
  that 's domestic abuse . 
  that 's why a referendum * might * not be a great idea . 
  without hard scientific evidence of when life begins , people are going to vote based on their opinions . 
  now , most the time when it comes to referendums , that 's perfectly acceptable . 
  but imagine if we legalized abortion after a certain point , and then a few years/decades down the line scientists somehow manage to determine that human consciousness actually begins before that point . 
  ireland would have legalized murder based on people 's opinions in lieu of scientific fact . 
  just to clarify , i 'm not on either side of the abortion debate - just playing devil 's advocate . 
  but why ? 
  i can understand brainwashing their own people , but surely they know that they have n't a hope in hell of brainwashing anybody in the west . 
  what fucking radio station would talk about * this ?!,
