  for cats are carnivores you see, 
  but you eat leaves from the tree, 
  this is why you are vomiting, 
  maybe i should stop commenting ... 
  an exceptionally true , if unpopular , opinion . 
  why would straight males be interested in watching bath scenes with guys ? 
   you guys know the internet has porn with real actual living people made out of flesh and bone and blood right ? 
  ew , 3d !, 
  but seriously , different strokes for different folks . 
  how is it creepy ? 
  your attitude seems better suited to a subreddit such as / r/shitredditsays . 
  maybe you should go there . 
  they are the largest demographic of this sub according to the polls . 
  then again , i 'm sure some lesbian women could get enjoyment from a post like this too . 
  this is why becoming a wizard is the most effective way to remove female privilege . 
   if you are upset that women have it easier than men , start treating women the same way you do men . 
  that 's a good way to get sued . 
  but think of how proud your parents will be the day the wizard 's guild confers your wand and pointy hat upon you . 
  it 's truly a plan that has no negative elements . 
  op is a wise man . 
  if only others could be so ahead of the game . 
  yeah , that was certainly odd ... 
  there were n't many though . 
   as long as they are shamed and bullied into submission, 
   implying that would be advisable, 
  ah , the shitty old `` pull yourself up by your bootstraps '' routine . 
   that way you can go through your entire life without ever having to really know anybody . 
  sounds pretty awesome to me . 
  been there , done that , nothing to write home about . 
  never again . 
  people who abandon their principles for the sake of something like sex have no resolve or commitment . 
   that has real feelings and emotions !, 
  who 's got time to be dealing with that shit ? 
  you 're disgusting . 
  ... until you start gagging . 
   i also do n't care about the bagel industry ; does n't mean i was raped by a pack of bagels as a child, 
  ha , fucking brilliant !, 
  or , all women are just cumsluts ? 
  can it really be sour grapes though if you do n't want what you ca n't have ? 
   yeah we also have 500 + % more population and surface area . 
  do you even know that the words `` per capita '' mean ? 
   you had the same thing happen when your empire fell . 
  200 years ago . 
  not even a britfag , m8 . 
   then needed us to save you in ww1 & 2, 
  read a history book . 
  america did n't singlehandedly save anybody in either war . 
  why are americlaps so insecure about the opinions of non-americans of their country ? 
   and you ca n't just say you do n't want to have it, 
  i can say that . 
  like , i did if a couple of times when i was younger out of pure curiosity ( i imagine peer pressure subconsciously played a role too ) , but i regretted it every time and have had zero interest since . 
  you 're putting your mouth on probably the most disgusting part of a girl 's anatomy . 
  think about that for a moment . 
   implying anything in a teenager 's life is serious, 
  in an ideal world , yes . 
  but there 's not a snowball 's chance in hell of that realistically becoming reality . 
  and that would be a fucking bad idea . 
  the hero / r/4chan needs . 
  and do you think that was a sensible thing to do ? 
   as a women i will never make as much as a man . 
  that 's nobody 's fault but your own . 
  blaming other people and groups for your own failures is a shitty way to live your life . 
  this is n't 4chan though - this is reddit . 
  it 's a psychological delusion to encourage us as a sentient species to procreate . 
   i think anything from 4chan is tongue-in-cheek . 
  that 's not a good stance to unilaterally take , in my experience at least . 
   our judges dont wear bitch wigs . 
  those wigs are fucking awesome !, 
   voting is a responsibility not a privilege , you have to make your voice heard, 
  only if you actually care about the topic being voted on though . 
  you 'd be surprised how many students have zero intention of voting in the marriage equality referendum . 
  well , the op * was * a girl . 
   implying there are women on 4chan, 
   i dont agree that irish women are unattractive , they are , very . 
  i think you 're incorrect there , but it does n't just apply to irish women . 
  the sentiment that the irish are ( in general - there will always be exceptions to the rule ) not a race of attractive people is something i hear echoed a lot . 
  could n't agree with him more . 
  especially because the points he makes are - in my experience at least - not based on opinion alone as they are things i 've heard plenty of other irish people reiterate in the past . 
  that said , i think we 're gon na have a lot of people complaining about the women remarks in this thread ... 
   it 's such bullshit . 
  opinions are subjective . 
  the only european country i can think of with generally less attractive women than ireland is probably the uk . 
  but i think they have more peaks and valleys , where as in ireland the general attractiveness of most women seems to be more uniform . 
  that 's just my two cents on the topic anyway . 
  if we 're gon na discuss it , we may as well be frank about it . 
  i thought it was just / v / hating the flavour of the month as usual . 
  i went to college during the height of the boomtimes . 
  every night out in the city was a sea of orange so disturbing you 'd be better off seeking out a quiet pub to have a pint rather than bother any of the nightclubs . 
  from what my brother tells me , things have n't changed much since . 
  ** edit : ** if you 're going to downvote me , the least you could do is point out what exactly about what i 'm saying is incorrect . 
  so , irish men should lower our standards because irish women are n't all that attractive ? 
  that sounds a lot like settling . 
  there are plenty of men out there who will attest to the fact that they never seem to be able to even * see * these attractive irish women you speak of . 
  but it was n't just the orange make-up that was the problem . 
  like , you can tell if a girl is attractive under all the make-up if you look hard enough . 
  8 times out of 10 that orange make-up job was hiding something . 
  even if women 's taste in make up and such becomes more sensible as they age , baseline attractiveness will always be a fundamental factor when people judge how the women of a country look . 
  that 's fine , but i 'm talking about men with reasonable standards similar to those that might be held by men from a country with more attractive women . 
  in ireland , such standards are rarely met . 
  in college , girls and lads of all types go to nightclubs ( at least in first and second year ) .
