  that 's an unusual bow on a ship from the 1930 's . 
  almost looks pre-dreadnought . 
  well , do n't i look quite the idiot now ? 
  it 's so obvious in retrospect . 
  the spirit of fire is n't a scouting ship - it 's a support ship . 
  one of the biggest vessels the unsc had until it went missing . 
  yeah , it was a cruiser . 
  dreadnoughts do n't have a large main gun in the centre of their nose . 
  they have two partially concealed ones on either side of their bow . 
  if you look at the link you posted yourself it says support ship . 
  it works . 
  like , in that configuration the midway looks cooler than any non-american carrier in service today . 
  it 's already causing a ruckus in certain tags over there . 
  i imagine that the higher the figure rises , the greater the rustling . 
  i thought you had your own subreddit though ? 
  then do n't watch it . 
  different strokes for different folks . 
  fuck , utorrent is what i use for most my torrenting and i 'm currently working off an eircom connection . 
  i ca n't wait to get back my upc connection . 
   from these sentences , would you gather that you think he continues to watch it ? 
  yes . 
  definitely . 
  with absolute certainty . 
  goddammit , now i 'm nervous . 
  i 've had to use an eircom connection while living in a rural area for work during the past couple of months . 
  i 've kept my torrenting to a minimum since the connection sucks ( rural broadband is a joke ) , but i did download a handful of files . 
  how much time elapsed between when you downloaded the file and you got the letter ? 
  well , it depends on how strict your definition of pornography is . 
  for example , do you consider hentai to be pornography ? 
   now kat.ph is the folder name of kickasstorrents when downloading using there app, 
  that makes sense because eircom seems to have something against that particular torrent provider . 
  did the positioning of the elevator not prevent the uss wasp from having a proper angled flight deck ? 
  is that one of the two new patrol ships ireland recently bought or one of the older ships ? 
   wait until they kick you off ( which has never happened ), 
  i heard otherwise . 
  no , of course not . 
  i would never dream of doing such a thing !, 
  ashley 's smile ... 
  a good enough reason to leave her on virmire . 
  yeah , but unfortunately not everybody is aware of them . 
  this subreddit has been great in the past though for showing people how to get around internet blocks in ireland . 
  the internet finds a way . 
   also seriously who still downloads music these days, 
  people who want to listen to music while out and about ? 
  also , is n't hola notorious for injecting malware ? 
  there was a bit post about it on / r/technology about a year ago . 
   spotify premium my friend of connection is your woe . 
  but it 's so much handier to just download my music . 
  i do n't even think my phone would run spotify anyway - i 've been running one of the first android samsung galaxies for years now because it 's bombproof . 
   edit : looks like the claim against hola was withdrawn from that thread you mentioned . 
  ah , i had n't heard . 
  i 've been using zenmate and expat shield ever since i stopped using hola . 
  i may return to it now as it had a much better selection of international proxies ( zenmate does n't do japan or france for example ) . 
  i guess only americans will like this one . 
  in other anglophone countries , darren is n't pronounced in a way that rhymes with `` scarin '' . 
  `` ca n't corner the dorner '' will always be my favourite anyway . 
  so as long as i keep my downloads incredibly obscure , i should be in the clear ? 
  ah but you ca n't be doing that . 
  the records of commander shepard 's gender and physical appearance may have been lost with the destruction of the citadel , but we definitely know that he/she was white . 
  oh yeah - it 's awful there now . 
  if true , that is terrifyingly fast . 
  you can also get banned for using simple words the sjw mods do n't like . 
  there are genuinely people out there who 've reached that level . 
  i 'm talking about non-asexual guys who were ignored by girls throughout their teenage years and have just decided that ( a ) women are not worthy of their time , or ( b ) they know they will never be able to get a woman that meets their standards , so by never trying they ca n't fail . 
  abandoning neet life ; that 's fucking scary shit . 
  like , if anon is a proper neet he should be pretty much averse to going outdoors on a psychological level . 
  am i in / r/jokes ? 
  well , jack-shit from a productivity standpoint anyway . 
  i think the issue is moreso the sheer amount of effort required to attract and please a girl in this day and age . 
  finding a good therapist in ireland is almost possible . 
  that said , you 're lucky you are searching in dublin - that 's your best shot to find one, 
  / r/atheism is that way < -, 
  i prefer super jewish women . 
  enjoy !, 
  th-that does n't make any sense . 
  what he did was rather underhanded , but what 's wrong with wanting to see a law ( that a person believes in at the time , regardless of what the modern opinion of it is ) being upheld ? 
  wow , you 're rectally irritated . 
   though poland has made a remarkable comeback since the end of communism and is now once again establishing itself as a leader in the european community, 
  that 's not exactly true to be fair . 
  but it is n't ( as far as i can deduce anyway ) . 
  i would like to be a kitten . 
  hey , i 'm in that `` college liberal '' demographic and i have almost zero interest in the abortion debate . 
  all this shit taste . 
  as a person they may think she 's cancer . 
  as a feminist , they still think she 's awesome, 
  but more importantly , they believe the shit she spews and think this entire problem is the fault of 4chan and those nefarious `` internet trolls '' . 
  somebody obviously did n't play panty quest 7 : hurt feelings edition . 
  every . 
  thread . 
  use google , or just search for `` quinn '' in / r/4chan . 
  it 's not that hard . 
   hard to muster interest in anything is n't it !? 
  pretty much . 
  well , herein lies the difference between / r/4chan and actual 4chan . 
  massively unlikely . 
  because we do n't care ? 
  that conflict will rumble on regardless of what we boycott or what / r/ireland says . 
  i 'm in the same boat ever since that shitstorm of a supervalu boycott thread about a month ago . 
  thing is , i 've regained most of the / r/ireland karma i lost , but the counter refuses to budge from -100 . 
  why did you bother commenting on the israeli facebook page ?
