  hello / r/atheism . 
  who let you out of your containment subreddit ? 
   i did n't propose any dialogue , i suggest a monologue ... intellectuals ridicule idiots . 
   no they are not !, 
  that is my point , it 's time to stop tolerating fairytales . 
  it may take hundreds of years but it has to begin somewhere . 
  religion must be eradicated . 
   yes , and while in a time before writing , a storyteller was a revered person in tribes and clans . 
  those people also wondered about our origins and made up stories about it . 
  today we attempt to answer these questions through science !!, 
  holy shit , how old are you ? 
  y' know , i should probably stop replying . 
  i 'm not entirely convinced that you 're not a troll . 
  oh hush you . 
  you 'll take any chance you get to berate religion in general just because you 've got one hell of a chip on your shoulder about it . 
  and you 're supposedly a grown man . 
   ridiculous things deserve ridicule, 
  i found your opinion to be ridiculous , so i ridiculed it . 
  i 'm not even religious . 
  i 'm just not so insecure that i feel the need to attack religion whenever i get the chance . 
   i , like many , awoke this morning and lay in bed still thinking deeply about the paris events . 
  so , my personal solution is to change from passive atheism to militant atheism . 
  it is my considered response . 
  i feel like it needs to be asked again : just how old * are * you if that 's what you considered to be a reasonable response ? 
  i fail to see how . 
  he wants to ridicule people for their personal beliefs , even if they do n't impose on his life in any way . 
  that 's bigotry , which is usually something / r/ireland stands strongly against ( perceived or real ) . 
   why is your opinion on religion tied into your insecurity ? 
  i 'm clearly not the insecure one here , lad . 
  if you feel the need to attack the beliefs of others in cases where they do n't even affect your life , that 's textbook insecurity . 
  very good point . 
  expecting somebody to be able to pray before they can even be comfortable meditating is quite foolish . 
  while i wo n't deny that the paris attacks are heavily tied to religion and islam is fueling a lot of global violence , blindly hating religion in all its forms because of such attacks is a childish response . 
  the attacks are as much a geopolitical issue as a religious one . 
   adds nothing to human advancement, 
  christianity was integral to the development of learning and the education system in europe . 
   arrogantly represses anything that contratradicts it, 
  the catholic church has long accepted the evolution and other such biological teachings despite it seemingly contradicting much of the old testament . 
   bases itself in fantasy , superstition , and wish fulfillment . 
  that 's highly subjective , such is the nature of faith . 
   we should allow ourselves to grow up and face life . 
  who are you or i to tell people how to live their lives ? 
  look , i do n't want to get into some / r/atheism tier argument here . 
  the hatred of religion and the religious in cases where it does n't impact on your life is bigotry , plain and simple . 
   no one is `` hating religion '' . 
  wanting a fair secular society is n't hating on religion . 
  i am strongly convinced otherwise by many of the posts in this comments section . 
  oh , and i said i was n't gon na get involved in this , but ... 
   religion was also responsible for the dark ages, 
  that 's widely disputed . 
  you probably just watched that one episode of family guy that touches on that topic - well done . 
  `` i do n't agree with your religious beliefs therefore they 're stupid and fake '', 
  that 's what you sound like . 
  lord knows you 'll probably take that as a compliment though ... 
   i do n't agree with anyone 's beliefs , not even the very idea of belief . 
  well , good for you . 
  but not everybody is you . 
  we get one life on this rock . 
  people should be entitled to think whatever they want about the meaning of that life and what comes afterwards , provided that they do n't impose on the lives of others . 
   the majority of comments in this thread are fairly constructive . 
  do n't make me laugh . 
  if i wanted to see a bunch of teenagers moan about how much they hate religion , i 'd go to / r/atheism . 
  thing is , i 'm not religious . 
  have n't been since i was a teenager . 
  i just do n't see why ca n't just be non-religious without being cookie-cutter atheist about it ( or militantly atheist in some cases ) . 
  the sheer arrogance of you and your ilk to appoint yourselves the grand arbiters of whether beliefs are ridiculous or not . 
  i think that 's the main issue i have with atheism and why i refuse to label myself as one - the mind-boggling arrogance . 
   apologist, 
  nice buzzword . 
  religious people can be just as arrogant , but the same behaviour coming from atheists just reeks of hypocrisy . 
  just post the david mitchell video and be done with it . 
  badly needed . 
  the / int / mods were absolute tools about threads on the paris attacks . 
  i wish i could be as poorly informed as yourself . 
  after all , they say ignorance is bliss . 
  yeah , that 's about the calibre of reply i expect from your good self . 
  you certainly do n't disappoint . 
   tumblr goes wild, 
  ew , jesus christ no !, 
   why does this opening theme feel shorter than any other anime op 's ? 
  because it 's really really good . 
  also , i think it is actually a little bit shorter than most . 
  thanks !, 
   now do n't let me keep your from bashing people for their opinions . 
  that 's a bit rich coming from yourself . 
   i see a few threads with people who bothered to seriously discuss the issue with you , end in you not replying when they point out your hypocrisy . 
  i only stop replying when i do n't see the point in continuing . 
  do you really think that after many years on / r/ireland that i ca n't tell when it 's gon na be impossible to change somebody 's opinion ? 
  given how / r/ireland treats dissenting opinions anyway , i really should have adopted a policy of assuming that opinions can not be changed on this subreddit long ago . 
  i 'm many things , lad - but i 'm not hypocrite . 
  i know where i stand on any issue i engage with and i know why i hold that position . 
  i 'm not out to convert anybody , but a dose of common sense is never a bad addition to any debate . 
   when you 're beat you mean . 
  interpret it however you like - as always , like everybody else , you are entitled to your opinion . 
  parts of the comment are actually legitimately good points , some of which i do agree with . 
  but it 's all too clear how entrenched in their atheism they are . 
  like , there 's a reason i do n't go to / r/atheism and effectively bang my head against a wall . 
  you got ta know when to draw the line . 
  you may consider that defeat - but i deem it necessary if i want to control the already ridiculous amount of time i spend online . 
   you do n't have a solid argument .
