  if you spend enough time on the likes of / r9k / , you can easily tell the difference between those who are making shit up for attention and those who are genuinely in the gutter of life . 
   who are you banging ? 
  if by `` best '' you mean worst , sure . 
  new idiots join 4chan every day . 
  experience-based intuition . 
  as i said , spend enough time there and you will develop the ability to determine who is scouting for attention and who is genuinely posting about their shitty life because / r9k / is their only outlet . 
  like , you 'll still get caught out by a talented rusemaster from time to time , but you wo n't fall for the type of '' / r9k / stories '' that get posted here . 
  the real stories of / r9k / are mundane and unremarkably depressing . 
   to spam reddit is desperate . 
  but the yes side spam facebook feeds up and down the country on a daily basis . 
  one could even argue that the plethora of yes-related posts on / r/ireland in recent months could technically be considered spam . 
  but it 's not my place to make that call . 
  if the no vote succeeds , i 'd be sorely tempted to quit / r/ireland because the subreddit will become more insufferable than it already is . 
  that 's not to say that people here wo n't be unbearably smug if there is a yes result ... 
  if i recall correctly , americans on / a / were pretty happy with how both zankyou no terror and jormungand portrayed them . 
  chitoge from nisekoi ? 
  she 's technically american . 
   girls at hot springs do n't compare breast sizes or grope each other . 
  apparently that does happen in real life though . 
  i read it * somewhere * ... 
  yeah , her mother in particular during the last episode was bizarrely irresponsible . 
  depends on the frame . 
  got a new pair myself last month and they just wo n't stop sliding down nose even though they 're a perfect fit . 
  i miss my old glasses . 
  a character shrugging off a cold and going about their day relatively uninhibited . 
  they are properly place . 
  it 's just that i have a narrow face and it 's very difficult to find a pair of glasses that fit properly . 
  then you clearly have no idea what a neckbeard is . 
  but ? 
  yeah , i suppose i could have lied if i had wanted to . 
  but i seriously do n't know how else to describe it using smaller , more dumbed down words . 
  but you ca n't get influenza from just being cold ( same deal with the common cold ) . 
  do you not consider it important that we have a capable president ? 
  yeah , but who is gon na watch a show about the daily life of an autist ? 
  spot on . 
  they say the middle class nature of rugby is one of the main reasons we have one national rugby team for the entire island because sectarian divisions in northern ireland were never as strong amongst the middle classes as they were with the working class . 
  the importance of the president is a more * visible * concern for many than that of homosexual rights - that 's the reality of the situation . 
  how low down in the social hierarchy do you have to be to not have even pulled yourself up to the status of autist yet ? 
  i 'm on pc and i still ca n't see anything . 
  well , if the autists occupy the basement , i suppose such people would be in the social bomb shelter ? 
  yeah , it 's working now . 
  i 've heard that the spoiler tags have been acting odd recently to be fair . 
  anyway , short of knowing * exactly * what 's going on , letting madoka go out during a `` typhoon '' is still ridiculously irresponsible and bizarre . 
  and even if she knew exactly what was happening , she was still acting unusually for a mother . 
  but i do n't have the time for that . 
  paste a link into the search bar in the top right corner of the page and it will show whether the link has been posted before . 
  not that i even think this is possible , but i ca n't condone activity that 's purely designed to mess with people anyway . 
   perhaps followed by a `` have you voted '' thread tomorrow, 
  what exactly would be the point of such a thread ? 
  just a bunch of people saying `` yes '' or `` no '' . 
  pretty much this . 
  they were a blight on the town i grew up in and i will never forgive them for that . 
  even now , having lived in other parts of the country and encountered different traveller families , i have experienced nothing that would change my opinion of that particular `` ethnic minority '' . 
  hey now , / r/europe is fine . 
  why not just have a moratorium then ? 
  a good septic tank beats being on the public sewer system though . 
  but admittedly a good septic tank can be a tricky thing to pull off . 
  either way it allows them to cry `` racist ! '', 
  whenever anybody calls them out on their bullshit . 
   people need to accept that the traveller community is just as diverse as any other , with it 's fair share of dickheads, 
  more than their fair share . 
   we 'll stop discriminating when you stop fighting ? 
  because violence can not and should not be blamed on discrimination - it 's a cop out . 
  however , violence can be a root cause of discrimination . 
   but being constantly discriminated against by society for their entire life has to factor into it as well . 
  how does outside discrimination make travellers violent towards * each other * though ? 
  because it 's not just the settled community that is on the receiving end of traveller violence . 
   but the main reason for discrimination is always going to be the choice of the majority to treat the entire traveller community as thieving pikeys , when they are not, 
  you ca n't blame people for taking precautionary measures when the travellers they encounter on a day to day basis do nothing to dispel the stereotypes associated with them . 
  what i dislike most of all about people who defend travellers is their implication that the responsibility to `` fix '' the traveller problem lies with the settled community . 
  as somebody who regularly witnessed traveller violence growing up , you can be damn sure that i 'm going to take precautionary measures when dealing with travellers , some of which might be considered `` discriminatory '' . 
   and this bullshit about using low level criminality as an excuse to discriminate against one of the most marginalised groups in our society is terrible . 
  they are marginalized * because * the majority of travellers encountered by settled people are violent , thieving scumbags . 
  just because people do n't agree with you does n't make them ignorant . 
  do n't worry joe , plenty of us young folk are opposed to drug legalisation too . 
  i 'd rather not legislate to make it easier for stupid people to be stupid . 
  i have n't , so your point is moot . 
  not supporting the legalisation of drugs = / = ignorant . 
  mad max had sex starved women behaving like wild animals ? 
  it appears that should we overcome the feminist union state , a bright future awaits us . 
  sure , why not ? 
  what did i say that was hypocritical ? 
  i was okay with your suggested inclusion . 
  i thought it was about going really fast . 
  not in the slightest . 
  you 're trolling under the guise of an extreme sjw , right ? 
  * right ?!, 
  well , personally speaking , i just recognise that incorporating something as ambiguous as `` love '' into the marriage equality debate was pretty stupid . 
  we do n't owe them anything though . 
  why are you surprised ? 
  you swear on a bible if you 're testifying in court too ,, 
  man , some people are too emotional for their own good . 
  only you care a lot about what other people think of you . 
   sleeping in the same building 2 nights in a row, 
   entering the building through a ground floor window, 
   highlighting your rejection of proprietary software with a paper sign, 
  how is this guy not in jail yet ? 
  he literally has a neckbeard . 
  that 's all that matters . 
  i 'd be skeptical as to the amount of influence campaign posters actually have .
