  motion carried !, 
  reddit has spoken and i shall obey ( not that i ever have used the phrase seriously - always tongue-in-cheek ), 
  sorry , sorry - it 's just so hard to remember what reddit wants at times ... 
  sounds like a lot of effort ... . 
  my theory is that if you 're not confident enough in yourself when you look your worst , you 're lying to yourself by trying to alter your image . 
  there 's nothing wrong with making yourself more presentable for the sake of societal norms or health reasons , but deriving confidence from it because you happen to look attractive at that point in time strikes me as odd . 
  beneath it all you are the exact same person . 
  i believe you - and so do the 40,000 + bronies over at / r/mylittlepony . 
  it 's showing the rest of the world that the show is legit is the problem . 
  my idea of hijacking a satellite has never really got traction ... . . 
  but why would you want to do that ? 
  even if i was a woman , i would n't want to cry in public . 
  i 'd be ashamed and embarrassed by all the attention i 'd get . 
  depends on the model - some variations of the mini are seen acceptable for men to drive ( cooper s , cooper jcw ) . 
  also , the idea of `` chick cars '' is becoming less popular with auto manufacturers as they attempt to attract the typically more lucrative male demographic . 
  that 's why mercedes went to great lengths extol the masculine virtues of the latest slk and vw have made the new beetle look much more `` butch '' . 
  those are feminine ?!, 
  b-but they make so much sense and are perfect for cleaning one 's gentlemen 's area . 
  i wish i 'd seen this post earlier - i have the exact same problem for the past 2 weeks and it 's really starting to piss me off !, 
  i ca n't contact microsoft because i ca n't sign into my live account to access xbox support . 
  there 's no point in ringing them since i live outside the us , and is n't it just typical that they do n't have an email address you can contact them on !, 
  the only bit of helpful advice i 've managed to pick up so far is that resetting your xbox might work . 
  i have n't tried it yet because i do n't know if microsoft take a dim view of such a thing or not , but if you remove your hard drive before resetting apparently the xbox reverts to factory settings and all parental controls are switched off . 
  but my problem is that i can easily prove that i own my own windows/xbox live account but i ca n't really prove that i own the email account that has the parental control ( i outlined my problem in [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/xbox360/comments/12zv3l/issue_with_parental_controlmost_recent_update/ ) post ), 
  but i 'm 20 years old - it 's just i 've had the profile since i shared it with my two younger brothers on another xbox about 4 years ago and the parental controls were applied for them , not me . 
  when i transferrred the profile to my new xbox during the summer , i just completely forgot that the parental controls were enabled . 
  ok , good - because i was worried that microsoft would disapprove of me resetting my xbox for some reason and then not allow me to re-access xbox live . 
  i 've had experience with companies being annoying like that in the past . 
  this is an incredibly stupid comment - you ca n't say that just because a person is committed to celibacy , that the rest of their life is going to be sad and pathetic . 
  one 's sexual activity ( or lack thereof ) does not define a person , and such a person could attain great success in other areas of their lives ( career , hobbies , etc ) . 
  it really annoys me how some consider sexual activity to be one of the most defining aspects of a person 's character . 
  this is a valid point - as long as the person intends to have sex at * some * point . 
  otherwise , it does n't matter . 
  so , basically men can never be honest with women and have to tip-toe around them forever ?!, 
  right ... ... 
  so , we lie to them ? 
  but many countries in europe are n't predominately catholic . 
  protestantism is dominant in more than a few european nations . 
  so , lying is the only way to get laid ? 
  even if this were actually the case , it would n't be worth it . 
  if i think i feel ugly , i 'd feel better if a person were to agree with me . 
  at least i would feel that they are being honest with me . 
  also , i 'd know they want to be with me for reasons other than my looks . 
  that being said , i do have a sort of warped mindset in these situations . 
  i derive joy from having people agree with me no matter what the situation and self-deprecation in general . 
  mercedes do n't tend to attract douches as much as audi and bmw - mercs are for people with no imagination . 
  where i live , that used to be true . 
  but as jeremy clarkson said , that mantle has been taken over by audi drivers now . 
  why do you need such a truck ? 
  what job do you have that warrants a truck that is both big and loud ? 
  i thought it was audi drivers who are cocks now - at least according to jeremy clarkson ... . 
  i really hate the pajamas thing . 
  but as i guy , i can literally roll out of bed in the morning , throw on a pair of pants , shirt , socks and shoes , brush my teeth and be ready for a full day of activities ( i shower at night to save time ) . 
  for that reason alone i count my blessings every day that i was n't born a girl . 
  hold on - you can spend $ 50 on a t-shirt ?!, 
  fashionable or not , that is a ridiculous waste of money !, 
  what 's wrong with shopping at discount stores ? 
  stuff is * cheaper * there !, 
  i 'm not chastising you for not wanting to shop there , but what if a person has money , but having nice clothes is n't a priority for them ? 
  they want to spend their money on other things they have an interest in ? 
  not everyone cares about what clothes they wear - as long as they are clean and in good condition of course . 
   i buy clothes for me not for other people . 
  you say this , yet you pass judgement on other people by what they wear ? 
  would that not lead one to the conclusion that people should buy clothes not based on what they want , but by what will reduce negative judgement from other people such as yourself ? 
  hey , everybody is snobbish about something - at least you 're honest about it , 
  but lack of variety means no agonising over what to wear - saves so much time . 
  i would hate to be a girl and have to put concious decision into clothes combos every day . 
  i have a selection of nice shirts/tops/jackets and many pairs of similar jeans . 
  everything goes with everything , so what i wear merely depends on what is n't in the laundry . 
  it 's so efficient and i only have to buy new clothes when the old ones become worn out . 
  i feel a bit sorry for your children . 
  being a responsible parent is important and to be respected , but if i had my parents constantly intruding on my privacy , i would feel like they did n't trust me . 
  also , chances are your children have found a way around your rules - or will in the not-too-distant future . 
  in my experience , parents tend to be a bit too sure of themselves when it comes to curbing their children 's technology use - which leads to underestimation . 
  a determined child/teenager will find a way around most things . 
  sorry , it had been over a week since i tried to transfer and i did n't have my adaptor on me when i posted this , so i could n't recall the message . 
  anyway , the pop-up says `` the disk is write-protected . 
  remove the write-protection or use another disk '' . 
  i 'm not exactly sure what disk it is referring to though . 
  i 'm inclined to think it 's the 8gb one , because i was able to transfer the files from my 2gb one to the laptop in the first place . 
  wait - are you implying that there is an alternative ? 
   correct . 
  first , check your card reader , your sd card adaptor and your micro sd card and make sure it does n't have a write protection slide switch on it . 
  here 's a picture of an sd card adapter with a write protection switch . 
  upon seeing that photo , i facepalmed so hard i hurt myself . 
  i consider myself a reasonably tech-savvy person , but despite much experience with sd cards , i always thought the `` lock '' slider switch was for locking the mirco sd card into the adapter . 
  there is no describing how stupid i feel right now . 
  i 'm also surprised that i have n't run into this problem before due to my ignorance of the lock switch 's true function . 
  anyway , everything has worked perfectly - thank you very much !, 
  meh , i can relate to most these sap memes , but i do n't think i need help . 
  it 's all about adapting . 
  for example , i 'd get around this one by sneaking to the kitchen in the middle of the night under the guise of going to the toilet . 
  but then again , i hate staying at other people 's houses , so this situation is unlikely to occur . 
  what if their house is in the middle of the countryside and you do n't have your car with you/can ' t drive ? 
  but some people are just not athletic/don ' t have the interest . 
  many pe classes do n't cater for such people - do you really expect them to put effort into something they actively dislike for no reward ? 
   cmon man you 're in it to win it . 
  what ? 
  if somebody does n't want to play basketball , they are n't gon na care if their team wins or loses . 
  which kind of people exactly ?
