   we are on this earth for one reason : to reproduce and carry on our genes to the next generation, 
  yeah , if you dictate all your life choices by your basic genetic programming . 
   if you do n't achieve that then you 've failed, 
  that 's pretty pathetic that your only measure of success is based on primal motivdz . 
   being cucked by society to the point of not wanting to have a relationship with a great woman and reproducing is some high level degeneracy . 
   great woman, 
  have you any idea how much effort is required to even increase your chances of getting a `` great woman '' , let alone actually acquire one ? 
  and even if you are successful , having kids is a huge financial , mental , and emotional burden that robs you of 18 + years of your life . 
  i do n't need that bullshit . 
  most educated irish people say `` thing '' . 
  ... why are you bringing up anime here ? 
  trigger has zero interest in making a klk sequel , so your speculation is redundant . 
  please stop acting like a petulant / r/anime user . 
   well , first off , because i can, 
  in a comments section where it 's completely irrelevant ? 
   cause i just watched it, 
  welcome to 2013 . 
  you stated that you just finished watching the series , so you 're clearly not up to speed on what trigger is up to or what their plans are ( you also evidently completely misunderstood the point of space patrol luluco ) . 
  please do some research before making claims you ca n't support . 
   had a long discussion with a friend of mine who is positively balls deep in everything they do , i 'd trust his word over yours any day, 
  oh boy , what a reliable and verifiable source - your friend !, 
   cause i do n't really like anime but it piqued my interest and i thoroughly enjoyed it . 
  then do n't act like you know what a major anime studio is planning to do with its ip . 
   in what world did i come here to win an argument with you ? 
  your engagement with me indicates that you have a point to prove . 
  otherwise you would have ignored me , surely ? 
   i 'm not going to sit here and cite reliable sources, 
  well at least you 're admitting that your own sources are unreliable . 
   being a mentally ill neet shut-in advocating for genocide on 4chan is easily more degenerate than going out on weekends and having sex . 
   saying this without of a hint of irony, 
   falling for the sex meme, 
  it 's like you want to be exploited . 
  that 's a very normie attitude to have . 
   the synopsis, 
  the mal synopsis in particular is a serious turn-off - i kept putting off watching syd despite frequent recommendations because of it . 
  but that synopsis is merely the framework of the show ; everything after the first 5 minutes defied every single expectation i had and it 's now one of my top 3 favourite anime of all time . 
   no fan service, 
  not true . 
  season 2 has some fanservice , but it 's not too explicit and is used for gags moreso than anything . 
  the season 1 ed is god-tier too . 
  and the season 2 ops and eds are enjoyable once you get over the fact that they 're not as amazing as those from season 1 . 
  just so you know ; they are * still * releasing ovas for season 2 every so often - over 2 years after it ended . 
   the last ova of season 2 will supposedly come in december . 
  the quality of the animation , art , and even comedy in the ovas took a serious hit in the most recent two . 
  makes me afraid that gohands might be losing interest in the series despite it being a reliable money-spinner for them ( what else do they actually produce ? ), 
  that or they 're running out of adaptable material , which does n't bode well for a season 3 . 
   syd post, 
  [ obligatory demo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owizldclrws ), 
  why ? 
  yes . 
  by far the most bizarre season opener i 've ever seen ( it was the first thing we saw in season 2 ) . 
   with the exclusion of the bombing of course, 
  never heard of either of those two franchises . 
  are they popular ? 
  kazama would n't have a hope against tsuda `` the flag crusher '' takatoshi . 
  kazama may have honed his tsukkomi skills in an ecchi universe , but tsuda inhabits a [ hentai universe ] ( https://i.imgur.com/uwh9cv5.jpg ) . 
   k project is pretty popular, 
  is it and syd ovas really enough to keep an anime studio going ? 
  like , up until recently the quality of syd content that gohands was pumping out was very high by all metrics . 
  fair enough . 
  thanks for the info . 
  you are one petty individual . 
  let it go . 
   a lot of people i know feel the same way . 
  and they are too are petty . 
   so we 're going to do everything we can to fuck you over . 
  * you * are not doing anything except being a child . 
   i hated in the first season how they teased all the sexual stuff ( even with vibrators in the op ) and never got around to it . 
  oh , there 's plenty of vibrators in some of the ovas and parts of season 2 . 
  but now he 's being evicted and may never return to us . 
   mio 's voice actor also voices shino in this anime as well !, 
  so it 's no coincidence that they 're best girls in their respective shows . 
   everybody i 've met who supported the compulsory teaching of irish did n't do well enough in the leaving to go to college . 
  i find that very hard to believe . 
  yes - me . 
  also he entirety of the irish society at my university , those doing courses that involved irish , and many others that i have met over the years . 
  ... are you unable to comprehend basic english ? 
  well he announced that he was being evicted months ago . 
   he said he was n't going to cite reliable sources . 
  you took this as an admission that his sources were unreliable, 
  yes it does . 
  you clearly have no idea how a retrospective implication works and i 'm not about to waste my time explaining it to somebody who is clearly an idiot . 
  and now i 'm gon na heed my own advice that you so kindly reminded me of , and i shall stop replying to you . 
  looks more like the detective from zankyou no terror to me . 
  i qualified years ago . 
  but my course had no relation to irish whatsoever , just in case you want to know . 
  it might be a subgroup discrepancy . 
  if i recall correctly , more than one fansub group subbed syd s2 . 
  why is that relevant ? 
  i 'm not trying to necessarily hide anything from you , but i 'm wary of giving out too much info online based on past experiences . 
  his house . 
  not a chance . 
  there 's still loads more material to adapt apparently - but only if gohands is still interested . 
  the manga barely progresses chronologically whereas they gave season 1 considerable progression without knowing if there would be a season 2 . 
  when season 2 was announced , they had no shortage of material but were stuck too far down the `` timeline '' after just one season . 
  hence the odd pacing and the `` timeloop '' so that they could utilise material that they had skipped . 
  what ? 
  look around you . 
   tenants just do n't have the opportunities to interact with their neighbours as they would living on a terraced street or a housing estate where they can chat over the fence or in the street . 
  such behaviour is definitely on the decline .
