  that typology is heavily outdated and has n't been used since the last years of the cold war . 
  in common usage , the terms have different meanings now . 
  might want to read up on some political science papers that were written * after * the early 1980s . 
  how does anybody derive relevance from an outdated typology though ? 
  he did n't mention spiking though . 
  what if both parties are drunk of their own accord ? 
   claims universities are n't places of free expression because his views are n't expressed there, 
  while i do n't agree with certain points in his article , my brother is in ucc and he was telling me that if you 're not voting yes then you better keep your thoughts to yourself . 
  he 's voting yes himself , but he claims that the student 's union is is full steam ahead on the yes vote and refuses to acknowledge that there could be a sizeable number of no voters in the student body that are too afraid to express their opinion on the subject . 
  even though they had a college-wide referendum regarding which side to support in the referendum ( ~ 13 % turnout ) , apparently they claimed beforehand that they would support the yes campaign regardless . 
  so yeah , freedom of expression is n't exactly a given in colleges any more . 
  it has n't been too long since i was at college myself , and i remember them being places where almost all viewpoints were openly expressed and discussed . 
  to me , losing that meeting of the minds element is n't a good thing . 
   so it is n't too far fetched to say that blue team operates under the navy still , rather than transferring to the spartan branch . 
  provided that blue team remains under navy control , they retain their ranks , yes ? 
  because i 'm definitely of the opinion that they are . 
  in escalation for example , they 're still taking ( and ignoring ) orders from hood . 
   reminds me of how people would mock the series by calling him `` captain king '' , like his name is redundant or stupid or something, 
  wow , that takes me back . 
  i have n't seen that insult been bandied about since my first years on the internet almost a decade ago . 
   `` fuck you i 'm an admiral , fuck you too , and you , fuck you alllll ! '', 
  he does n't even need rank to pull that . 
  he 's pretty much giving a big `` fuck you ! '', 
  to the navy higher command since his confrontation with del rio in halo 4 . 
   joining the spartan branch is voluntary . 
  well , it 's not voluntary if you agree to become a spartan iv . 
   and as i was saying , there 's a faction of elites who do n't and have actively allied themselves with humanity , so why is oni trying to undermine them and not help them consolidate power ? 
  the arbiter 's control over the swords of sanghelios is tenuous at best . 
  there are those in his ranks that point blank do not trust humans , but are allying with the arbiter regardless because ( a ) he is arguably the most powerful elite in the galaxy right now , or ( b ) they are aware that another war with humanity would n't be as straightforward as before . 
  i still think the use of the word `` allies '' to describe the swords of sanghelios is a bit generous at the moment . 
  their leader may be on our side , but i do n't think the entirety of the group itself is so benevolent in its motivations . 
  i 'd compare the relationship between humanity & the swords of sanghelios to the relationship between america and china right now . 
  two superpowers who do n't have a good history together but have `` allied '' for mutually beneficial reasons even if neither quite trusts the other . 
   to my knowledge , his only conflict was with del rio regarding cortana . 
  he also disobeyed hood 's order to take some leave for r&r . the chief is definitely having issues with the unsc top brass at the moment due to the crisis of purpose and identity he is currently experiencing . 
   you 'd think it 'd be damn near impossible for him to up-and-quit . 
  i do n't think he will , but i believe you 're underestimating how much of an impact cortana 's death would have on the chief ( expect to see it explored in halo 5 ) . 
  in addition , with oni trying desperately to reign him in and the unsc doing some dodgy stuff at their behest , all it could take is a simple misunderstanding for the chief to start questioning whether the top brass really knows best . 
   what does halsey want to achieve ? 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but did oni not recapture halsey during one of the recent escalation comics ? 
   i 've got a sneaking suspicion that the guys that lose these questions are n't going out and having one night stands . 
  what do you mean by `` lose these questions '' ? 
   student politics goes to those that shout the loudest - there was always a huge circlejerk among some of the societies , clubs and su when i was attending . 
  the su always wants to seem like they have their finger on the pulse , some of them are populist attention whores ( not all ) so they 'll support whatever is flavour of the month . 
  nobody cares what the su thinks , never have and probably never will . 
  you hit the nail on the head there . 
  as i said , when i was at college i thought the place was more open to opposing views than it is now , but the su was always exactly as you described . 
  they would jump on literally any bandwagon that made them look good . 
   there are other clubs and socs though , and if you ca n't find one you 're looking for it only took 12 people to set up a new society afair . 
  not that it applies to me personally , but do you think influential pressure groups such as lgbt & feminist societies would stand by and let a society with a conservative agenda be set up in a college in this day and age ? 
  the surviving spartan iiis ( of which there were very few ) were incorporated into the spartan iv programme , so are definitely under spartan branch . 
  blue team still appears to be under the navy in name at least , but naomi appears to be under oni 's command for now . 
  in ucc at least , the lgbt has always been relatively influential , especially in terms of leaning on the student 's union . 
  i would n't consider them obnoxious or anything , but they definitely have a sort of unassailable position in college politics that shields them from any real criticism . 
  there was a feminist society at ucc when i was there , but it was a small , largely ignored affair . 
  according to my brother , they have become a lot more vocal in recent years . 
  an example of another college society that 's shielded from any real criticism due to the prevailing social environment on campus . 
  in fairness , i 'm not somebody who normally condones capital punishment , but i 'm surprisingly okay with its use against rioters . 
  i do n't know how to explain why i think this , but rioting just does n't sit well with me more than almost any other crime . 
  yep , those rioters sure are demonstrating a solid grasp of law and order in society . 
  why is this comment blank ? 
  computer . 
  spoiler tags usually work for me though . 
  fair enough . 
  what were you originally saying though ? 
  you can pm me if it breaks the 3 month rule . 
  i thought the hud aim was connected to the scope via smart link though ? 
  has the poster been completed ? 
   halsey said at some point that she lied about all the siis being on reach, 
  that 's from her journal , right ? 
  i thought the consensus was that the only reason that bungie included that tidbit was to explain why the likes of gray team were off-world at the time . 
  i do n't think it served to contradict the fact that only 33 spartans successfully graduated from the programme . 
   i think it also served as an out if they wanted to make more spartan iis, 
  highly unlikely . 
  i know bungie had a habit of screwing with the canon , but such a definitive fact regarding the number of spartans that successfully completed the augmentation process is something i ca n't see being messed with . 
  in addition , if i recall correctly , halsey merely refuted the statement regarding all active spartans having being recalled to reach . 
  since there was no number given for how many spartan iis were on reach during the fall ( that i 'm aware of ) , i 'm not seeing how that contradicts the original 33 figure . 
   also some could have had their augmentations fixed after their initial failures . 
  very true . 
  although not probable regarding the 12 that were survived but were crippled because many of them are accounted for and would be rather old by now ( although it has been noted that fhajad 064 may have been fully rehabilitated by oni ) , halsey speculated that many of the 30 spartan candidates who were classified as dead and put on cold storage might one day be rehabilitated . 
  rehabilitation protocols were in development for 80 % of the washouts , with ais predicting a total survival rate as high as 50 % . 
  so far however , osman and black team are the only 5 confirmed to have been revived in this manner . 
  christ , you 're right . 
  i completely forgot about the non-team saber members of gamma company . 
  although apparently some of them transitioned to non-combat roles after the war , but you can be sure the bulk of them transferred to spartan branch . 
  i wonder if spartan iiis who were incorporated into the spartan iv programme underwent the spartan iv augmentations on top of their spartan iii augmentations ? 
  26 spartans on reach during the fall ? 
  yeah , that definitely does n't work within the confines of the 33 figure . 
  which is the truth then ? 
  because if black team is part of the original 33 , we have even more inconsistencies . 
   i would assume previous spartan classes would n't need additional augmentations , but we 've never had an example yet so that 's up in the air . 
  if i had to guess , i 'd say the spartan iiis might have received * some * of the iv augmentations that were n't part of the spartan iii programme . 
   come up with even a decent estimate as to how many possible s-iis are even alive . 
  are you just talking about the supersoldiers or are you including people like osman ? 
   if only i got paid to do this much research ... 
  hey , i know that feeling . 
  i 've probably put more work into reading and writing on halo lore than i did into my college degree . 
  well , we have blue team and naomi confirmed to be still active . 
  we also still have maria ( as much as i hate her place in the lore ) . 
  gray team are still not listed as mia - same deal with joseph 122 .
