  any form of affirmative action should never be the solution to an issue of representation . 
  may have been this in that case : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/casa/iptn_cn-235, 
  they 're just gon na keep adding letters indefinitely , are n't they ? 
  also , was n't q there for a while ? 
  did it fall out of favour or something ? 
  just because i disagree with the proposed solution does n't mean i have an alternative ready to go - expecting such a response every time somebody criticises something would be unreasonable . 
  it 's a complex issue , but the blunt instrument that is the gender quota system is n't the remedy . 
  restricting the candidates a political party can put forward for election by threatening financial penalties is coercion plain and simple . 
  and coercion is not democratic . 
  the usi have n't even done much for students as far back as i can remember . 
  it 's no wonder various universities are trying to pull away from them . 
  easter break . 
  hit the nail on the head there . 
  when i was in university ( and this was a few years ago , but i 've been told by relatives still in third level education that it has only gotten worse ) there was basically one `` consensus '' about social issues on campus . 
  if you did n't fall in line with this consensus , your views would be marginalised and you would often find yourself demonised ( in the college press for example ) . 
   he 's implying they the guys who picked on them were homophobic, 
  how did you infer that ? 
  most usually do n't , but because easter is so early this year many that normally would n't do have an easter break this year . 
  ucc for example . 
  never been on 4chan , eh ? 
  that was a long time ago now . 
  they do n't seem to care about student fees at all now any more ( at least not actively ) . 
  pfft , i still have n't got out of the undead parish in dark souls 1 ... 
  admittedly dark souls is the complete antithesis to the type of games i normally play . 
  i got it for free and was determined to give it a go . 
  what is slowing me down considerably though ( other than a chronic lack of patience ) is finding a class i like - i 've restarted the game with different classes about 6 times now . 
   but i guess voting to support drug decriminalisation is just as important . 
  or , y' know , just easier for them to campaign for ? 
  the usi and individual student 's unions are constantly avoiding the tough issues like ever increasing fees in favour of soft targets that will curry favour with the special interest groups that get them elected . 
   nothing is wrong with a yaris, 
  well , it 's not exactly a looker as cars go . 
  and what 's up with that ridiculous instrument cluster ? 
  why would that be good ? 
  i have n't been to galway enough to know that it 's associated with gay people . 
   i asked him how they managed to make the car bigger but the boot smaller . 
  safety requirements . 
  cars have been consistently increasing in size for the past 2 decades to add safety features required by eu/us legislation , but interiors are rarely expanding at the same rate . 
  yeah , a bit too much red . 
  wait , why are we meant to be angry about this ? 
   maybe it 's more for peace of mind for some people . 
  that 's exactly what it is . 
  ` tis the season , i suppose . 
  but the french on / int / are always complaining how shit the internet is in most areas of france . 
  american detected . 
  what sort of sjw stuff is it saying ? 
  for what purpose ? 
  bloody french ... 
  better than nothing if it eases people 's minds . 
   using twitter, 
  then you 're just insane . 
  once in a lifetime events taking place this weekend , and these cunts want to cause as much disruption as possible . 
  why are we tolerating this ? 
  i 'm all for unions , but this entire debacle has been a clear indicator from day 1 that the power of the unions needs to be limited in some capacity . 
  not looking forward to seeing that world-weary looking transdev director on the news tonight . 
  poor lad , i feel sorry for him - dealing with such a crowd of entitled pricks ca n't be easy . 
  yet there seems to be nothing we can do about it . 
  i 'd swear those union reps and tram drivers are so out of touch with reality they probably think the public is on their side . 
   time for a bit of scab labour, 
  using such terminology is overly negative . 
  the `` scabs '' would be the heroes of the story in this scenario . 
   nothing would literally be better than arming under paid power hungry terrrorist hunters . 
  nice perspective you have on the garda\u00ed there . 
  i do n't think even james connolly would tolerate this level of greediness and entitlement . 
  regardless , it 's not all about james connolly . 
   its also putting a gun in the airport for a terrorist to snatch . 
  my god , you are an idiot of epic proportions ... 
  *** triggered !, 
  she stands at a very provocative angle . 
  i 'm thinking of writing a letter to the bishop about it . 
   look i may not agree with the pay increase but i think its ridiculous anyone who strikes these days is told they 're greedy because someone else is worse off . 
  i think they 're being greedy because they 're already earning a wage well above the european average for similar work . 
  then why are their ridiculous pay hikes forming the core of their demands ? 
  if it is genuinely as you say it is , it should n't be hard to spin their industrial action in a way that does n't incur the wrath of the general public ( at least not at the level it 's at now anyway ) . 
   they have issues with driver fatigue, 
  ... do n't make me laugh . 
  unless you consider `` driver fatigue '' to be falling asleep at the joystick because the job is so monotonous . 
   the union have no control on how the media wants to frame the narrative . 
  yeah , because it 's * totally * the media 's fault that everybody thinks the luas staff are a shower of entitled pricks who want to disrupt a once in a lifetime event just to fuel their greed . 
  would you ever fuck off and stop trying to invoke sympathy for them ? 
  at this stage it does n't matter if they have concerns other than pay - they rejected a very reasonable deal . 
  they had their chance . 
  well that just highlights the low skill nature of their job , which renders their pay claims even more ridiculous . 
  can you explain to me why a luas driver deserves $ 50k + a year ? 
  there 's still gon na be luas drivers , at some point , earning 50k + if the workers have their way . 
   so in addition to wanting to bury your head in the sand and pretend it does n't exist , you want to rob others of the show as well , when it does n't affect you in any single way ? 
  [ yes . 
  as per tradition . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qkqki5wlzw0 ), 
  that just about sums it up , yeah . 
  and if you think the reaction here is bad , / a / is having what can be only described as a mental breakdown . 
  the thread has 1000 + replies and there 's no sign of it slowing down . 
  if the drivers were earning that sort of money they would be by far the most well paid tram drivers in europe . 
  what makes you think the job warrants that kind of money ? 
  literally * anything * seems to trigger you , lad . 
  how do you get through life on a daily basis at all ? 
   feminist, 
   intelligent, 
  choose one . 
   do n't really feel like a robot that learns from the internet would ever have the intelligent input to be a feminist, 
  are you implying that tumblr is an intelligent place ?
