   you can drive to dublin from cork in under two hours . 
  not if you 're doing the speed limit . 
  i 've clocked it at 1 hour from cork to cashel at just shy of 120km/h . 
  it 's more than an hour from cashel to dublin . 
  just what are you implying ? 
  ... but ireland is an island . 
   it 's difficult to imagine something more racist than denying the ethnic status of people who claim to be a distinct ethnic minority . 
  they can claim all they want , but that does n't make it true . 
  i know ignoring the truth is a cornerstone of the social justice movement , but do n't expect the rest of us to follow suit . 
   but he cares about turks above all else and this would be too far, 
  i 'd be questioning his `` caring '' credentials when he locks up journalists who oppose him on a regular basis . 
  but ... it is a region . 
  i do n't see how the use of that word says anything about his world-view . 
  yes . 
  but then again i 've been on the internet on a daily basis for nearly 15 years now . 
   which is why they are recognised as a distinct ethnic group in the uk , for example, 
  yeah , well , fortunately we 're no longer under british rule so what they do and do n't consider travellers is n't really relevant to us . 
   tell that to the posters on this sub who over past few days had a hissy fit that many americans use the term ` st.patty ' & have the audacity to wear inflatable leprechaun hats etc hahahaha . 
  you do n't understand - that 's * real * oppression . 
  ca n't stump . 
   look at all the sjws in america burning trump signs , trying to shut down trump rallies etc. 
  the greatest irony being that this only makes his campaign stronger . 
  ... is this real life ? 
  with the sort of stuff the unionists are getting annoyed about lately , i 'd swear we 're entering a very strange phase of the northern ireland story . 
  good thing it 's impossible to make irish people feel `` white guilt '' . 
  is that what we get in return for 800 years of oppression ? 
   funnily enough that tends to just piss people off more and you get neutrals voting for trump just to piss off self-righteous sjws . 
  that 's pretty much why i tell people i support trump . 
  they get * so * angry and it 's hilarious to watch . 
  i 'm sure you could find somebody on tumblr who would argue that point if you tried hard enough . 
  are you accusing me of being a neo-fascist ? 
   non-existant pc brigades and sjws now ? 
  are you denying the existence of the wave of pc culture that we 've seen in recent years ? 
  god no - why would i ? 
  there is n't a shred of evidence to my knowledge or your 's to suggest that i am . 
  when the british lost the power to define what `` white '' meant . 
  no , i was saying there i am not aware of any evidence that would imply i am a neo-fascist . 
  do you just go around labelling people neo-fascists with zero evidence ? 
  is it a hobby of sorts ? 
  i suppose it depends heavily on what subreddits you visit . 
   i do n't believe i ever said you were anything , i asked you a question ? 
  you heavily implied i was a fascist with your first comment , and when i confronted you on it , you did n't answer the question . 
   gay marriage , abortion , the gays , the gay agenda , the liberal media , feminism , the gays , gay rights , the dole , muslims , immigration , corporal punishment , the gays , atheists , pinko liberals , and the gays . 
  is it just me or does `` the gays '' appear a tad more often than everything else in the list ? 
  fair point . 
  y' know , not everything is black and white , right ? 
  well , yes , because who likes being called a fascist ? 
  especially when it 's untrue . 
  that 's not a very nice thing to say - the chinese are a great bunch of lads ( as long as you do n't oppose their claims on islands great distances from their territorial waters ) . 
  ... . yeah , in my experience people who use the term `` pussy '' as an insult are rarely intelligent to any notable degree , so i think i 'm just gon na take my leave . 
   but i enjoy the looks on those fools faces when i whip out my online dictionary that proves that i 'm not actually being racist . 
  because we all know literal definitions are what matters in society . 
  i 'm pretty sure that * would * meet the literal definition of racism though , would it not ? 
  i suppose . 
  but i was of the belief that the chinese were also actually a race ? 
  ( the han chinese at least ), 
   you are ridiculously right wing, 
  i 'm actually not as right wing as people here believe me to be ( also , since when does right wing = neo-fascist anyway ? ) . 
  i 'm just not as left-wing as many in / r/ireland would * like * me to be . 
   alls you ever do is ask leading questions, 
  i would disagree with that assertion . 
  eh , / u/mj-xx just does n't like anybody whose views do n't align exactly with his own . 
  other than that i know fuck all about him . 
  he sure as hell likes to think he knows a lot about me though . 
   not at all , `` sjws '' on reddit are not that prevalent , and when they are there they 're downvoted into oblivion . 
  they took over / r/me _ irl and / r/offmychest - i 'd consider taking over 2 popular subreddits that have nothing to do with social justice to be prime example of prevalence on reddit . 
  talk about being a neo-fascist ? 
   if we didnt feel white guilt then explain some of the idiocy on display in trinity and ucd that mimics the us college idiocy epidemic . 
  you answered your own question there ; idiocy . 
  also students with too much time on their hands who feel obliged to be outraged about * something * during every waking moment . 
  it 's a unhealthy mix of both in my experience . 
  with the exception of this thread , i invite you to find one remotely recent example of me talking about sjws in / r/ireland, 
  i think i may have mentioned them in a thread about a month ago about university politics , but that 's about it to the best of my knowledge . 
   besides , irish comedians are crap, 
  this is the first time i 've ever heard such a statement in my life , and considering the wealth of comedic talent ireland exports , you must have a very shite/narrow taste in comedy to think this . 
  also , i would n't * really * consider graham norton to be a comedian - at least not any more . 
  well then , i guess without evidence your accusation ca n't be supported and that 's the end of that . 
   we do not bring up that anime here . 
  we can not bury our sordid past . 
  we know what we did with regard to * that anime * . 
  the existence of bad irish comedians means that there are no good irish comedians ? 
  that is some seriously shitty logic . 
  do n't . 
  it 's really not worth it , unless you like getting angry ( and frankly that 's better done collectively when a show is airing ) . 
  [ * cough * ] executive orders [ * cough * ], 
  i thought `` animal does a human thing '' movies stopped being a thing in the late 90 's ? 
  maybe she 's tsuhiki thinks that yotsugi is one of those super realistic sex dolls ? 
  ... i really hope you 're being sarcastic . 
  that 's the theory i bought into from day one . 
  in the years preceding the sale of 4chan , it was clear that moot was growing tired of being in charge of the site . 
  not only that , but with the antics of / b / , / pol / , and / r9k / garnering increasing amounts of negative attention in the mainstream media , i 'm quite confident that moot was starting to feel some negative effects of being associated with the site as he attempted to progress both his social and professional life . 
  moot wanted out . 
  but he was n't prepared to just give away the site he had put so much work into . 
  add to this the failure of his canvas project and the fact that 4chan had never really made any money , moot needed a way of offloading the site that netted himself something in return . 
  but who the fuck is gon na buy 4chan ? 
  hence the wave of unpopular changes as moot attempted to make the site more marketable . 
  in the end it was all for nothing anyway as interest in buying the site remained almost non-existent , and when hiroshima nagasaki ultimately gained control of 4chan , it was clear moot 's changes had virtually no impact on his decision . 
  i remember this theory being the prevailing one on 4chan at the time the events took place , and most people acknowledged that the influence of moot 's sjw girlfriend on the changes that took place prior to the site 's sale was minimal . 
   as for accusations of sjw-mods and such , they are common rumors on / pol /, 
  to the best of my knowledge there 's only one board with known sjw mods , and that 's / co / .
