   feel like going 50 years back in time with everything falling apart, 
  odd , that 's exactly how i feel when i go to russia . 
  to be fair , who would actively want to be around feminazis ? 
   based argentina won in the fucking penalty kicks . 
  i think that 's the first time `` based '' and `` argentina '' have been used in the same sentence . 
   netherlands, 
   scandofag, 
  learn your fucking geography , americlap !, 
  is premature ejaculation really that much of a problem ? 
  given ireland 's history , i 'm surprised it 's even recognised as a medical issue here . 
  were # 7 & # 8 a girl ? 
  i 'm terrified of reincarnation because there 's a good chance i could be reincarnated in a poor country and/or to a poor family . 
  i do n't mean to be rude , but what are you asking us to do here ? 
  there 's no referendum coming up on transgender issues , right ? 
  is this just a psa of sorts ? 
  regardless , i do n't think i 'd really notice if a person was transgender ( unless it was a case of a pre-op trans person using a bathroom that did n't reflect their physical appearance , but i 've been told that 's pretty rare ) . 
  as one of the less divisive comments in that journal link you posted said `` if you look like a woman , then use the women 's bathroom , nobody is going to stop you . '' . 
  i assume that 's all you 're asking for ? 
  to be treated like anybody else ? 
  i could n't be more white . 
  i burn at the mere thought of sunlight . 
  because there are no girls on the internet . 
   you could be reborn as a crippled donkey, 
  at least then i would n't be sentient . 
  big picture , m8 . 
  but they 're all things i do n't give a shit about . 
   or do n't . 
  sounds good to me . 
  back to posting frogs . 
  but i read them for the articles !, 
  how is it * not * your 's ? 
   i suggest spending your days crying in a shower instead, 
  the frogs wo n't post themselves . 
   the only response to him should have been a shrug of the shoulders accompanied by an `` and ... ? '', 
  say what you want about tv3 and other independent broadcasters , but does rte not have an obligation to at least * try * and be unbiased ? 
  shows what you know . 
  ca n't wait until the middle east runs out of oil and they realise that nobody gives a shit about them . 
  everybody who is n't some insufferable normalfag . 
  because hashtags are normalfag bullshit . 
  yeah , but better . 
   are you memeing right now or do pride yourself on not being a normalfag ? 
  i would n't call it pride , but i do think it 's a good thing not to engage in the vast majority of normalfag behaviour and activities . 
  there is a ridiculous level of retardation inherent to so many of the things that normalfags do . 
  also , fuck off normalfag . 
  eh , nothing wrong with having a balance in politics . 
  not everybody has to be socially left . 
  never said anything about feeling superior , because i do n't . 
  normalfaggotry . 
   but ill be voting for them anyway . 
  if you do n't mind me asking , why ? 
   being this new, 
  as a nation , you seem to have gotten bad at it recently . 
  they 're * temporarily * not a 3rd world nation . 
  just a blip on the radar . 
  what if she does n't have a bucket of chicken ? 
  a solid strategy . 
  i would n't say * all * the phones are crappy . 
  my roommate has a pretty nice htc . 
  could you be any more of a normalfag ? 
  at least i think it was a htc . 
  maybe it was a nokia . 
  jewish cunt . 
  probably because ( based on previous instances at least ) people expected you to complain if the post was downvoted ? 
  some people like to bait a reaction . 
   tds can be openly pro-life or pro-choice . 
  in / r/ireland 's view though , only one of those is an acceptable choice . 
  i 'm not particularly conservative , but the vilification of conservatives on this subreddit does n't sit well with me . 
  it 's like i 'm back in college . 
   the tornado is good but old and the typhoon is a fantastic aircraft with room for upgrade and a much longer term future . 
  is n't the tornado roughly the same age as the f-15 though ? 
  ** edit : ** just doubled checked ; the f-15 is actually older by about 2 years , yet there are still no concrete plans to retire it . 
  if you choose to see it that way , sure . 
   they were both fought on the wrong side of devastating wars, 
  i think you 'll find in virtually all historical cases that the `` wrong '' side of a war is the losing side . 
  i drive a bmw . 
  people associate bmws with pricks and aggressive drivers . 
  i drive my bmw because it is a very good car that suits my needs . 
  should i not drive a bmw because of how other people might interpret it even though i 'm not a prick or an aggressive driver ? 
  what if they * do n't * consider it racist ? 
  are your opinions more valid than their 's ? 
  if you look at all the wars in history , racism , intolerance , and bigotry were factors in almost all of them ( and usually were n't exclusive to one side ) . 
  you 're failing to look at the big historical picture and the context of the time . 
  your 21st century values were virtually nonexistent in the 1800 's . 
   the majority does not associate bwms with pricks and aggressive drivers . 
  a lot of people do . 
  i 'm sure there are many others in this thread that will confirm that . 
  it 's a well known automotive stereotype . 
   however since they are usually considered upper middle class cars , they are symbols of a certain status . 
  so if you want to appear dirt poor you would n't drive a bmw . 
  see how it works ? 
  i 'm not seeing how this is relevant at all . 
  people are still making inaccurate judgement based on preconceived notions . 
  i 'm not even all that wealthy . 
  i just saved a lot so i could buy a car i 'd always wanted . 
   is it wrong to judge people of the past by modern standards ? 
  i would n't say yes , but at the same time i would n't say no . 
  it 's a bit of grey area . 
  in particular , you need to truly understand the cultural context of the time and place before casting judgement of an entire group of people . 
  your view of the world and its history is exceptionally black and white though . 
   100 % of your intentions must involve how people receive that concept - otherwise , there is no point in flying it .
