  no it does n't . 
  please do n't lie on the internet . 
  weird . 
  i did history for the leaving cert , and while i know there 's a degree of choice in what topics you can cover , all the topics on the syllabus are usually in the textbook . 
  as somebody who read the book cover to cover , a lot of the topics on that list just were n't there . 
  while i do n't agree with the guy you 're replying to , there is a degree of truth to it . 
  sweden 's virtually unrestricted immigration policies have caused quite a few issues over there . 
  do people still watch arrow ? 
  the first season was enjoyable , but i dumped the second season around the point where the flash split off from the series . 
  the show felt like it was going nowhere . 
   shuttle, 
  unintentionally humorous typo ? 
   that assumes you enjoy `` what it currently means to be irish '', 
  is there something wrong with that ? 
  no , i meant is there anything wrong with enjoying what it currently means to be irish ? 
   the `` pc brigade '' and the `` sjws '' . 
  to be fair , these people never shut up either . 
  devil 's advocate if i may : those changes made the country better in a very definable way . 
  i 'm not seeing how foreign people deciding that they are going to change our country * for us * does the same . 
   sure the only reason i have time to reddit at all is because the good old irish state forced me to quit my job after getting married . 
  slightly tangential , but i always thought this made sense from a logical perspective . 
  not so much from an ethical one though . 
  ** edited for clarity **, 
  no matter what the ethnicity , natives never benefit from mass immigration . 
  what 's annoying me is the inconsistency of the problem . 
  some people are having no issue joining games , while others ca n't find a single one . 
  it does n't make any sense . 
  and then there are the other issues ; the vip pass not unlocking the vip maps for example . 
  ignorance ? 
  it 's still brigading regardless of whether you approve of the target or not . 
  this bc2 debacle is getting more mysterious by the hour . 
  no , the removal of them did . 
  in retrospect , i may have been a bit vague . 
  brigading is wrong . 
  period . 
   that is a positive change . 
  once again , i 'm playing devil 's advocate here ( people are pulling the `` you 're a racist '' card very quickly in this thread ) , why is that a positive change ? 
   forcing half the population to remain uneducated , poor , and economically helpless makes absolutely no logical sense . 
  uneducated ? 
  by the time women would have been affected by that law they would have already have completed their education . 
  that sounds like a good way to get banned ... 
  so you 're saying we should all disobey the reddit rules whenever your feelings are heart ? 
  sounds like a good way for the website to descend into anarchy . 
   fact is that subreddit considers hamas a legitimate , democratically elected government . 
  as an / r/ireland member who was in the thick of the last palestine debacle on the subreddit , i can tell you that most people there who support the palestinians * do n't * support hamas ( some do obviously , but most will make the distinction when you press them on it . 
  those that support hamas tend to be either ignorant or the types that would have supported the ira during the troubles ) . 
  go back through the posts in the summer during the height of the palestinian crisis and you 'll see what i mean . 
  same here . 
  i think microsoft might be phasing out the survey since it was essentially free ( tiny amounts of ) money . 
  it 's a shame . 
  they 're not there for most people . 
  you 're selectively applying the logic though . 
  it should n't matter what the target is - on reddit , brigading is wrong . 
  it 's like vigilante justice ; it may sometimes net a result , but it 's still illegal . 
  depends on the scanner you use . 
  some malware programmes can detect viruses too . 
  well , racism aside , there are many measures by which you can rate the quality of a country , and western european countries usually appear at the top of those scales . 
  i said vigilante justice is illegal . 
  please try and actually read my comments . 
   yeah i am selectively applying the logic , because every situation is n't every other situation . 
  you can twist it whatever way you want , but brigading is wrong on reddit . 
  you only approve of it in this case because it is happening to a subreddit you do n't like ( even if the dislike is justifiable ) . 
  you would n't like if one of your favourite subreddits was brigaded . 
  have you considered that the current irish people might not want that to change though ? 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  it 's not about priorities . 
  you ca n't disobey the rules whenever you see a just cause . 
  do you disobey laws in real life if the ends justify the means ? 
  if you do , you 're still disobeying the law and should expect to be appropriately punished because we live in a civilised society . 
  jesus christ , you people really have a one track mind , do n't you ? 
  by all means that subreddit is a horrible place , but if you want it shut down , follow the appropriate methods that do n't violate the rules of the website . 
  also , is the existence of that subreddit in any way illegal ? 
  they 're still two wrongs . 
  nobody said anything about magnitude . 
  please learn to use capital letters . 
  also , love/hate has gone to shit . 
  all it does now is glorify knacker/criminal culture . 
   then yes you are irish , legally , ethically , culturally and the colour of your skin has nothing to do with it . 
  ethically ? 
  i assume you meant `` ethnically '' , but if so you 're incorrect . 
  that 's not how ethnicity works . 
  i know exactly what it 's called , you fuckwit . 
  jesus christ , any conversation even tangentially relating to rape becomes so bloody infuriating on this website . 
  regardless , i do n't think vigilante justice falls under the category of `` civil disobedience '' in real life . 
  no , that 's exactly what it is . 
  you 're just making an exception because you disapprove of the content of the subreddit . 
  no matter which way you spin it , that 's * exactly * what you 're doing . 
  no , but i 'm very wary of who i say that to because i 've been verbally assaulted in real life so many times by people trying to convince me otherwise . 
  all the stars are aligning and point to one thing : the / pol / prophecy is true !, 
   why are u black ? 
  / b / asking the hard hitting questions as always . 
  wow , i 've seen a lot of ignorance in my time on / r/ireland , but this still ranks pretty highly . 
  you say there 's nothing special about an irish pub . 
  so why is it more globally famous than lets say , a british pub ? 
  sure we emigrated a lot , but so did the british . 
  in fact , they had an empire that spanned a third of the globe . 
  were there nothing special about an irish pub in the eyes of the world logic would dictate that their version of a pub should be more popular . 
  sweet sweet internet justice . 
  i think i speak for all of us when i say : it 's about fucking time !, 
  so you 're saying the primary reason irish pubs are popular is because they 're * not * british pubs ?
