  also , a lot of pirates do n't want to pirate as piracy can often be more complicated than the legal method ( especially with video games ) . 
   if it is too much , then it will sell less . 
  in a perfectly free market , maybe . 
  but we all know no such thing exists . 
  he does n't need to be . 
  $ 20 is four times $ 5 . 
  the company could sell 3/4 's of the volume for $ 20 and still make more than selling a larger volume for $ 5 . 
  while i strongly agree with this practice , unfortunately not everybody can/wants to do this . 
   `` creating a clone then stealing it '' is still stealing it . 
  it 's not about the loss of product , it 's about the loss of sale . 
  but they were n't going to get a sale from me anyway . 
  and while i 'm not using this as a justification , if i were to pirate something and liked it . 
  there 's a good chance that i would be inclined to pay for the next iteration in the future . 
  people naturally do n't like taking risks with their money - they like to know that when they buy something they are going to be satisfied with it . 
  the age of the internet has facilitated that . 
  * cough * steam * cough * . 
  price is n't the only reason people pirate . 
  it may be the main reason , but if you strip away all the other deterrents from buying content legitimately like steam did , the cumulative effect can be enough to convince people to part with their money . 
  origin actually being * ahead * of the curve ?!, 
  christ almighty ... 
  as much as people like to bitch about origin , it gave steam another much needed competitor . 
  and while still quite flawed ( not to mentioned made by ea ) , it has improved a lot since launch . 
  combine that with the fact that steam seems to be having a bit of crisis lately with all the shovelware clogging up the store and such , and i can only hope the likes of origin and gog continue to grow in order to push steam to be even better . 
  i concur , to a degree . 
  i 've always been of the opinion that economic models from the pre-internet age do n't hold up too well in the age of piracy . 
  the free market works off the notion that supply and demand will meet at an equilibrium price naturally . 
  in such a market , firms are usually price followers as the prices they set are most heavily influenced by what their competitors are charging and consumer purchasing power . 
  additionally , this market model assumes that consumers are forced to obtain their goods and services from one of the firms vying for their custom . 
  however , in reality two things are different when it comes to this particular discussion : too many firms are price setters instead of followers , and the the rise of piracy has created a loophole in the model . 
  unfairness and inequality might be though . 
  remind me : was gottfrid the one who came across as quite a dick in the pirate bay documentary , or am i thinking of the guy who went to live in south east asia ? 
  it would be so convenient !, 
  the first fast food company to manage that will make a fortune . 
  sorry , you 've lost me a bit . 
  all i was saying was that the mantra of `` if it costs too much , then it will sell less '' only works in a free market . 
  but the pure free market , especially in this modern age , is something that does n't ( and in my opinion , ca n't ) exist . 
  unfairness and inequality comes in many forms - some more trivial than others . 
  lawmakers do n't have a snowball 's chance in hell of even curtailing internet piracy . 
  as somebody who likes vice news , i 'd like to see some clarification for this comment . 
   i 'm specifically not buying a hyundai sonata because of that bs, 
  somewhere a hyundai salesman weeps . 
  a dealer ? 
  also , i 'm not a dr. who fan but my roommate is and i 'd like a second opinion on something : what do you think of the new doctor and the direction the show is taking ? 
  huh , i had n't heard that he 'd be caught . 
  where is he in custody ? 
  shit like this is why you 're not taken seriously , turkey . 
  unfortunately . 
  they ca n't drive though . 
  hotdogs and software are not comparable commodities . 
  one can be copied indefinitely without using up more resources . 
  the other ca n't . 
  well , not if they easily fit in the trunk , no . 
  well , what you 've said can exist within a pure free market , but it wo n't be profitable and the company would close because competitors would undercut them . 
  i do n't see how that 's comparable to software - i think you 're trying to fit a square peg in a circular hole with analogy . 
  why are mexicans so touchy when people criticize their country ? 
  for me this was typified by the whole top gear-mexican embassy fiasco a few years ago . 
   that his apparent interest in feminism is just to get in with girls, 
  i saw this so very often in college . 
  painfully pathetic . 
  just one point : we live in a computer age where many college students can type better than they can write with a pen . 
  this is especially the case in the field of engineering , where this aptitude for computer-based work is encouraged given the increasingly technology-focused nature of the industry these days . 
  penmanship has been sidelined . 
  yet ms office ( and similar programs ) is still woefully inefficient at enabling calculation-based work . 
  so when you require students to perform assignments such as this , they are forced to fall back on skills they have neglected by the very virtue of being in a technology-orientated course . 
  there are douchebags on both sides of the argument to be fair . 
  it 's just one giant american clusterfuck that we should all stay well away from . 
   the college should teach a course on latex . 
  they should , but many do n't . 
  christ , those femen girls are always making a nuisance of themselves . 
  you magnificent bastard !, 
  it 's even better than i remember it being . 
  i was searching all sorts of terms hoping to find the video - i should nearly have guessed her name was bridie and saved myself some time . 
  how is it sad ? 
  - had n't black team been missing prior to the events of halo 3 ? 
  - why was the didact teleported to installation 03 after being `` killed '' by the chief at the end of halo 4 ? 
  - according to the halo wiki , installation 03 was discovered prior to the events of halo 2 - why was it never mentioned prior to the events of halo 4 ? 
  - why did the forge monitor allow the didact access to the composer 's forge ? 
  - why did the monitor then change sides and aid the chief ? 
   in fact , most fans assumed he 'd return . 
  you were in the minority . 
  i assumed the same . 
  i was just unsure of how he 'd ended up being teleported to installation 03 . 
  that 's a fantastic summary - thank you for putting it together . 
  it seems like the plot was a lot simpler than i originally thought and much of my confusion seemed to stem from me not realising that it was the * ur * didact that was featured in the comic . 
  just one question : why did blue team decide to go rogue ? 
  to some people , having standards is more important than ever seeing a real vagoo . 
  but we can debate until the cows come home whether that 's justifiable or not ... 
  you 're failing to understand that it costs the hotdog vendor the price of the ingredients to make another hotdog . 
  it costs nothing to make a copy of music file . 
  you ca n't be sure of that . 
  regardless , the vendor experiences a loss of ingredients on top of a loss of income if i steal a hotdog . 
  the same ca n't be said for copying a music file . 
  this is a significant distinction . 
   truth comes back later ( halo 3 ) to go to the ark because he wants to lea the covenant and he took the forerunner dreadnought . 
  truth certainly did n't leave himself a lot of time to get to the ark before tartarus would have activated installation 05 . 
  i 'm just wondering if you could clarify one thing there for me : did regret determine the location of installtion 05 from the luminary or from something he found on earth ? 
  according to the halo 2 anniversary terminals , regret got the information about the ark and the halo array locations from a luminary . 
  what i 'd like to know though is how truth figured out that he 'd need the forerunner keyship to open the portal to the ark. 
  potential sales exist in a hypothetical state . 
  and since many pirates would never purchase what they pirate anyway , they should n't be factored into potential sales figures in the first place .
