  black books and dylan moran were made for each other . 
  he 's by far my favourite comedian and black books is the only show other than fr . 
  ted that i can watch ad nauseum yet still find hilarious each time ( even the weaker third season of bb ) . 
  my favourite episode is where bernard and manny attempt to write a children 's book . 
   i tastes like something between carling and miller draft to me . 
  that sounds really really bland . 
  no they would n't . 
  he is . 
  not his fault that you 're unable to understand his accent ( which is n't that bad as irish accents go ) . 
  implying that irish broadcasters would be unprofessional like that is rather insulting . 
  i 'm not personally offended - why would i be ? . 
  i just do n't like the idea of the professionalism of broadcasters being called into question simply because they are irish . 
   man one thing you got ta learn about the internet is its totally 100 % fine to stereotype and bash any white person ... 
  that does n't mean that * i * have to tolerate it . 
   lol, 
   cry baby, 
  says a lot about your maturity levels . 
   drinking shitty whiskey, 
  hey now ; irish whiskey is world class . 
   and you 're a fucking sjw, 
  oh boy , if only you knew how wrong you are . 
  i fucking hate sjws with a passion . 
  also , as i outlined kiddo - i ai n't offended . 
  i do n't tend to take the opinions of people younger than me into consideration . 
   it 's ok . 
  if i was an sjw , it most definitely would * not * be okay . 
  sounds like great fun . 
  and then everybody applauded anon and the teacher burst into treats . 
   the scary reality is that there are a lot of people ( presumably older generations ) that would wholeheartedly agree with such comments . 
  my devoutly religious grandparents would laugh him out the door . 
  * most * religious people in ireland ( a ) accept that the old testament is allegorical at best , and ( b ) have some sort of reasonable line where religion ends and science begins . 
  of course , there * are * plenty of nutjobs like danny out there , but people tend to overestimate how many of them there actually are amongst the religious community . 
  i think there 's a bit of nuance there in what was originally said to be fair . 
  i think what was being implied is that there is nobody who can answer danny 's arguments * whom danny will listen to . 
   my old neighbour now works in kerry for a radio station down there . 
  when visiting one time she told us that the healy-rae 's plan everything they say . 
  i would have believed that in the case of jackie and michael , but i 'm not so sure about danny . 
  i 'd say even michael is embarrassed of danny . 
  almost all our tds believe in climate change and that it is man-made , regardless of their religious beliefs . 
  quit scaremongering because of your hatred for relgion . 
   a lot of people would view it as futuristic , overly scientific clap-trap that is n't something they should worry about or plan for . 
  well , of course . 
  but that does n't apply exclusively to religious people at all . 
  they fumble in the dark , trying and failing to comprehend the online expanse beyond facebook and the other websites in the normie internet sphere . 
  normies wish to control everything in their lives ; they ca n't tolerate any aspect of their lives being in the control of others - especially if those `` others '' are not normies like them . 
  and because interactions with those outside their online `` sphere '' are on the rise for various reasons , normies are becoming increasingly aware that not everybody with power on the internet is like them . 
  and this frightens them . 
  at first , they try to exert control over that which they do not . 
  see frequent normie incursions on 4chan or sjw mod takeovers on popular subreddits for example . 
  but this is only successful on websites with a weak resistance to normalfaggotry . 
  when this method fails they resort to branding the `` outsiders '' in such a way that they will lose all mainstream credibility ; `` trolls '' , `` haters '' , `` mysogynists '' , `` racists '' , etc. 
  this then seeps into the media and becomes the accepted status quo . 
  anybody who challenges it is lumped in with the targets of the normie * hate * . 
  so yes , the internet is full of hate - but those making such accusations might want to look in the mirror before writing shitty articles fueled by ignorance and sour grapes . 
  ca n't handle the truth , normie ? 
  well maybe they should n't have lost then . 
   she essentially inherited a pile of wealth and represented me without my consent, 
  nobody cares about the `` consent '' of an idiot like you . 
  maybe . 
  or maybe you could try not being a dick for no real reason ? 
   but you 're all very patriotic, 
  what gave you that impression ? 
  not to dispute it , but i 'm just confused as to what you would draw that conclusion from . 
  it 's not even good advice . 
  that 's why i hate it . 
   imaginary, 
  the queen is a real person - you are aware of this , yes ? 
  you ca n't just alter the meanings of words like that . 
  also , like her or not , the queen has legitimate grandeur in spades . 
  she does n't need to * imagine * it at all . 
   get a job in the service industry, 
  why would i ever do that ? 
  it 's their culture , oppressed by the system , all good people , never had a bad interaction with one , etc. 
   red neck . 
  the sun does n't shine enough in kerry for him to be a redneck . 
  americans sure do love to live up to their reputation of being unable to handle the bantz . 
  anybody know what he was protesting about ? 
  twitter is blowing up ( relatively speaking ) about it . 
  did anybody catch the comment daith\u00ed made about the collar when they returned ? 
  it got a bit of a stifled reaction . 
   rose of trailer, 
  sounds like the name of a documentary rt\u00c9 would make about a traveller girl becoming a fashion model or something . 
   uhdoi, 
  thanks for letting us know how young you are . 
  no , it can still be accessed . 
  navalised junkers ju 87s and messerschmitt bf 109s . 
  i 've never seen any source that claims the 190s were were planned for use on graf zeppelin , but i 'm open to being corrected on that . 
  the inclusion of the fi-167s in the air wing was deleted during the early construction phase of the carrier, 
  one of the reasons for this disparity was that she was heavily armed for an early war carrier : ten 10.5 cm sk c/33 guns ( later increased to twelve ) , twenty-two 3.7 cm sk c/30 guns , and twenty-eight 2 cm guns . 
  the kriegsmarine intended for graf zeppelin to be able to defend herself from light surface attacks because ships capable of adequately escorting her were in short supply and german carrier doctrine was in its infancy ( i believe there may have also been an intention to use her as a commerce raider in the north sea and/or atlantic at one point , hence the inclusion of so many guns below deck level - but i ca n't find a source on this at the moment ), 
  additionally , having bulky , first-generation catapults took up valuable storage space beneath the flight deck . 
   with an me 155 planned to replace it ( never produced ) . 
  i know that the me 155 was intended to replace the 109 on graf zeppelin , but were the 109s were actually formerly removed from her deployment plans ? 
  it 's just that only 3 155 prototypes were ever made and it was a design that continually fell short of expectations during the testing phase . 
  it would have been odd to strike the 109s from the plans so prematurely . 
   since it was a theoretical carrier to start with . 
  she got pretty close to being completed to be fair . 
  unfortunately `` completed '' and `` operational '' are two very different things . 
  it would be great if the curragh museum would grant him permission to have a look at some of their hardware . 
  if you 've seen any of his other videos , he does fantastic analysis of armored vehicles ( mainly tanks ) .
