   i was like this when i was 1st year highschool . 
  and that 's where i stopped reading . 
  why do people subscribe to that channel ? 
  i ca n't understand what demographic it appeals to . 
  the most idiotic halo fans i know are n't even interested in the lore , so we ca n't just write all the subscribers off as idiots . 
  that leaves us with a reality where people interested in halo lore consider halofollower a legitimate and trustworthy source of halo news . 
  and that unnerves me ... 
  christ , i 'd no idea so many counties did n't field a senior hurling team . 
  that 's a real shame . 
  well in my case , it 's because stupidly titled halofollower videos are constantly appearing on my youtube home page due to all the halo content i watch . 
   the smaller hurling counties compete in the like of the christy ring cup as they 'd get blown out of the water in the ai . 
  strange that antrim still competes in that case . 
  how do you ddos a person ? 
  you can only ddos a website . 
  i spent 45 minutes hunting a sheep !, 
  if you have shit taste in music , maybe . 
  the fact that this post is getting upvoted is indicative of the demographics in / r/halo . 
  yeah , but i just know 343i is gon na push him on us and try ( unsuccessfully ) to make us like him . 
   i take it you were n't that big into halo between 2004-2007 ? 
  the arbiter was absolutely loathed in halo 2 ,, 
  i was , but i was one of the few who liked the idea of the arbiter back then - believe it or not . 
  regardless , i think the situation we have on our hands now is different . 
  i do n't recall any collective perception in the fanbase before halo 2 's launch that the arbiter was going to * replace * the mc in any way , or challenge his superiority . 
  normally i 'd agree , but seriously - kanye west ? 
  what 's the appeal ? 
  because of how shit the ending is ? 
  but the ending is unquantifiably shit . 
  everything else about the game is amazing , do n't get me wrong . 
  but i could have written a better ending myself , and i 'm no writer . 
  this is n't a phenomenon that 's unique to ireland . 
  virtually all . 
  there are always smaller crowds at the less interesting matches . 
  well , if you enjoy shitty writing , work away ... 
  the only people who oppose a mass influx of foreign nationals into their country are racists - til . 
  spare me your platitudes . 
  not everybody holds the same ideals . 
  that 's what you get for being on facebook . 
  `` foreign nationals '' is simply a more descriptive and more contextual word for the people and situation we 're discussing . 
  i could have said `` people '' , yes - but instead i used a word that accurately describes what these people are . 
  while the * kind * of people is pertinent , the most pressing issue at the moment is the influx . 
  however , your implication that people concerned with the * kind * of people are racist is invalid . 
  for example , many of these immigrants are * refugees * that will require significant financial input in the country they seek asylum in . 
   i 'm pretty sure the word `` refugee '' would be more apt than `` foreign nationals '', 
  they stopped being refugees by definition when they moved from one safe country to another . 
  the ones reaching germany now are essentially economic migrants . 
   we 're just saying if you 'd rather they die than help them , that 's a pretty shitty way to be , especially if it 's because they 're brown and do n't speak your language or worship like you do . 
  that 's not the main issue i have with the current crisis though . 
  my issue is that the refugees think they can pick and choose what european countries they can seek asylum in , even though that directly violates eu treaties . 
  and i 'm sick of being called a bigot for saying that . 
  hell , if refuge was all they sought , they should have stayed in turkey - but i 'm not ignorant enough to say that the allure of europe can be ignored when you 're living in a refugee camp . 
   so did you see that part in the middle of my comment that refers specifically to this sentiment ? 
  does n't it make more sense for millions of people to not stop in fucking turkey for assistance ? 
  does n't it fiscally make more since for those refugees to travel to countries that can better afford their residence , to spread out instead of concentrating millions of people into a single country ? 
  notice how i stated that i understand why many of them * did n't * remain in turkey ( even if i would have been more in favour of keeping them in turkey and just pumping aid/funding into turkey ) . 
  i 'm a realist if nothing else . 
   redefining terms to suit your argument when it suits you is n't a position of strength and i think you know that . 
  but i 'm not doing the redefining - the actions of the immigrants/refugees define what they are called . 
  i have no say in the matter ( despite your claims to the contrary ) . 
   you would never have to redefine your terms if you just use the one that encompasses everything you mean . 
  that 's called being vague . 
  i like to be precise . 
   but when you start with `` foreign nationals '' off the bat , you 're really just saying `` foreigners '', 
  one term is politically correct , the other is n't . 
  you have a nice evening now , lad . 
  oh please , do n't try and guilt me into agreeing with your idealistic `` progressive '' world view . 
  i 'm the realist here . 
  i wish these people no ill will . 
  but there are protocols and laws in place , and they need to be followed . 
  and no amount of arguing about terminology or definitions is gon na change that . 
  i would n't know since it is n't true . 
  mal ratings are shit . 
  they 're full of / r/anime tier preferences and worse . 
  i disagree . 
  it 's only natural to consider the opinions of those with shit taste to be inferior to your own . 
   coded language, 
  oh us racists and our devious use of accurate words & phrases ... 
  so we 're letting the kind of people who deface the property of others speak on behalf of the nation now ? 
  hope this idiot gets arrested . 
  well are n't you a special little snowflake . 
  i fail to see the issue - and i do n't even drink that often any more . 
   does it bother you at all that the moments which you should be a part of and enjoying such as a day with the kids are really becoming countdown clocks to the next drink . 
  not really . 
   but who has decided how that wall should look, 
  the owners of the wall . 
  i think it is . 
  his username is an / r9k / meme . 
  i think you 're a bit too left wing for your own good , lad . 
  i think you hate them because they touch a nerve - being one of this subreddit 's more prominent lefties . 
   sorry to disappoint you but i 'm not . 
  my political affiliation is dead center . 
  you 're just another arsehole who constantly trolls this sub , and i will remind you again that we had a conversation where i specifically pointed out examples of your trolling all over the sub . 
  no you did n't . 
  you just pointed out examples of things i said that you did n't agree with . 
  calling me a troll is just a useful tactic for yourself to disregard opinions that conflict with your own . 
  you tell people to `` shut up '' when they say things you do n't like - that 's just childish . 
  / r/ireland is n't even the sub i 'm most active on . 
  i hate to break it to you ( not that you 'll believe me anyway ) , but this is a legit reddit account run by a regular user who is active on multiple subreddits . 
   yes i did . 
  now piss off . 
  is this how you `` win '' so many arguments ?
