  i do n't think / r/4chan is the place you want to have a racially-themed conversation , m8 . 
   seriously , your statement was pants-on-head retarded . 
  you do n't get to dictate what i find attractive and what i do n't . 
  there 's always one ... 
  as opposed to the lies they now spout from every orifice ? 
   but i guess thats kinda a broad statement . 
  broad but accurate . 
  according to my brother who is still in college , his su are more interested in pointless sjw nonsense than actually fighting fee rises or ensuring quality education . 
  it was more or less the same when i was there . 
   for the most part sus do improve student life significantly, 
  i never remember my su doing much when i was at college . 
   buzzfeed news reporter, 
   reporter, 
  also , they actually used the the term `` body-shaming '' . 
  what a surprise ... 
  that 's the way with virtually every student `` referendum '' . 
  maybe it will encourage him to lose weight and improve his life ? 
  well , it would make me want to stop being the guy known globally as the fat guy dancing . 
  because it 's a very tumblr-esque term . 
  i think that 's the case in most colleges to be fair . 
  at least from what i 've heard . 
  you hit the nail on the head there . 
   but let 's not pretend we 're actually doing him a favour . 
  i 'm not pretending that that is the case . 
  i 'm just saying it might be a positive outcome . 
  you 're parodying a tumblrina , right ? 
  because it worries me that somebody on this subreddit might genuinely think that . 
  it has been provided . 
   oddly, 
  america invented litigation culture . 
  a cunt for stating the truth ? 
  fuck off back to / r/all . 
  i 'm irish . 
  i do n't exactly remember my ancestors forcefully establishing colonies in the past . 
  get your facts straight - what you said is a rather racist generalisation . 
  actually , most of the more modern and easy-going priests i know would have no issue referring to it as `` the priest 's house '' . 
  maybe you should n't have got arrested then ? 
  that said , i fail to see how this is related to the posted photo . 
   so it should be fun in the years to come . 
  will it though ? 
  i 'm not purposely being cynical here ( i would actually support the idea of cricket becoming more poplar in ireland ) , but there 's just so many resident heavy-hitters in the country when it comes to sport . 
  the gaa , soccer , and rugby will always put pressure on any sport trying to gain greater popularity in ireland . 
  worked for generations of children in this country . 
  of course i do n't support the more severe forms of corporal punishment , but the odd slap with a wooden spoon to keep a misbehaving child in line is n't something that will traumatise a child for life . 
  the idea of ireland turning into a nanny state in this regard just does n't sit well with me . 
   it 's very sad to see a small child sobbing and getting hit in public . 
  they 'll get over it though . 
  probably better than an adult would . 
  is it just me , or is `` smacking '' not used so much as the term `` slapping '' in ireland ? 
  smacking seems rather british/american to me . 
  are parents now obliged to show their children what the naked body of the opposite sex looks like ? 
   some adults go to far . 
  that can be said in relation to almost everything in life . 
  the link has been provided , m8 . 
  use your eyes . 
  if that was the case , almost every adult in ireland would have those issues . 
  a few slaps with a wooden spoon is n't going to cause psychological issues . 
  why are all the comments that are any way supportive of slapping getting downvoted ? 
   stop body-shaming him , he could n't do anything about it , it is in his genetics . 
  that is tumblr 101 there , m8 . 
  there 's plenty you can do about being overweight , and `` muh genetics ! '', 
  is the weakest excuse you can give . 
  and you 're going to blame all that on parents slapping their children ? 
  and ? 
  children are the only people where another person technically * owns * them until they 're 16/18 . 
  i 'd rather not get into a historical argument about who was treated the worst , but i will say this : until the early 1900 's , the irish who went to america were treated far better ( provided they actually survived the voyage to america ) than the majority of irish who lived on the island of ireland under british rule . 
  people forget that ireland was a colony for significant parts of its history and endured much hardship under british rule . 
  what the fuck ... ? 
  i think we are . 
  i just do n't like when people say things alone the line of `` that 's pretty much * all * white people did for the last few hundred years though '' . 
   i 've always dreamed about doing it , but never got the opportunity . 
  what would that achieve other than making a scene in some public area ? 
   no more imelda may . 
  please . 
  no , it 's your national duty to attend at least 2 imelda may concerts a year !, 
  so say the powers that be . 
  for fuck sake ... 
  we may be the only country in the world that will end up feeling embarrassed and disengaged on the centenary of our `` independence '' day . 
  it 's going to be a poorly organised sham , just like nearly every other major event that happens in this country . 
  i 've never ordered takeaway food . 
  too complicated and/or expensive . 
  to be fair , i was more incredulous as to why there needs to be a movement to ban single sex schools . 
  why do n't they just let parents choose ? 
  but there 's so many people who were slapped during their childhood that grew into adults who well reside within the boundaries of normality . 
  even after reading your link , i struggle to believe that this is a case of correlation = causation . 
  slapping a child when they misbehave is such an insignificant thing . 
  texas ? 
  i think parents tend to have the final say in what school their children go to . 
  maybe the parents you know are ineffective in their duties because they bend to the whims of their children on important decisions such as where to send them to school . 
  i just ca n't comprehend how a few slaps can cause psychological damage . 
  it 's so trivial . 
   are you surprised ? 
  this has been talked about for years . 
  yes , i 'm surprised . 
  i was n't aware that this movement was a thing . 
  and i 'm perfectly okay with gender segregation being an option for parents when choosing where to send their children to school . 
  well said . 
  the idea of abolishing gender segregated schools does n't sit well with me . 
  really ? 
  what was so bad about it ?
