  you 're right on the money about fotus though . 
   it was the smallest and perhaps had the smallest hit box . 
  i thought halo armor was purely cosmetic and had no effect on hitboxes ? 
  why ? 
  does the word `` capitalization '' mean anything to you ? 
  why ? 
  must you be so ... * feminist * in this thread ? 
  it 's really offputting . 
  because you 're going around picking fights with anybody who disagrees with you . 
  because it 's immature and causes needless aggravation . 
  you are the literal definition of a troll in that case . 
  that 's only if the `` fact '' is true . 
   pathological shyness, 
  why is that a point of contention ? 
  ( even though i 'm not sure that 's actually a japanese stereotype ) . 
  how can you force a county to field a senior team in a sport they do n't want to participate in ? 
  the majority of irish counties do n't field a hurling team in the all-ireland senior hurling championship . 
   are you saying that the top players of these clubs would n't want a chance to play for the county ? 
  not at all . 
  but the county board has the final decision on the matter and the gaa hq ca n't force them to field a team . 
  that truck could do with a lick of paint . 
  what a time to be alive . 
  but are n't we meant to hate hotwheels now or something ? 
  the internet told me he did something bad but i do n't know what it was . 
  that place smells . 
  i knew we should have campaigned for the pope to buy 4chan . 
  he did . 
  interim managers have been running the place on his behalf since . 
  i think he retained ownership until he found a buyer though . 
  i guess there was n't much demand for 4chan since it took this long . 
  but what if it 's a very different bad smell compared to the smell of shit ? 
  chronic wheelchair syndrome . 
  seriously though , i 'm sure he 's put 8chan in his will or something . 
  it can only be transmitted via bodily fluids . 
  it can be genetic though , and in those cases the fetus starts to suffer from the disease during the the first trimester . 
  anybody caught on the trap thread is summoned by the local bishop for a stern talking to . 
   smug anime girl pictures skyrocket in value, 
  time to make bank !, 
  but what gifs are n't allowed as avatars ? 
  invest wisely !, 
  well the chair part develops during the first trimester , with the metal frame following soon after . 
  the wheels themselves take the longest time to develop , only reaching optimal radius shortly before birth . 
  the pushing handles have to be attached manually after birth , in a task usually reserved for the father . 
   so we 're all supposed to hate on him now on a personal level is that it ? 
  that 's what the intention of this post seems to be , and / r/ireland will gladly oblige . 
  early days yet . 
  wait and see . 
   you can thank reddit 's new algorithm for you not finding out . 
  wait , what ? 
  til that you 're retarded if you make an accurate observation . 
   this exploit would allow someone to doxx a lot of 8channers . 
  sorry if i 'm being ignorant , but how does what is in effect a ddos attack risk doxxing people ? 
  you have a very narrow definition of censorship . 
  you guys will never actually win , you do know that ? 
   should they be able to do what they do ? 
  as far as i 'm aware , there 's no law stopping them . 
   also , nobody got convicted because reddit as a company decided to erase a few insulting subs . 
  i find you insulting . 
  can we get you erased from reddit ? 
  i tend to find that people who are considered sjws are generally not very nice people . 
  depends on the board . 
  / co / is a good example of what you 're referencing though . 
   their banning of fph images ? 
  that 's considered sjw now ? 
  well it 's definitely censorship , and censorship is a prime tool in the sjw arsenal . 
  freedom of speech has always been an integral ideology on reddit . 
  nah , i do n't have a serious debilitating condition such as ptsd , so i do n't get triggered . 
  what race war ? 
   ya , and the nazi 's and the kkk and mao censored things . 
  that does n't make them sjws . 
  nobody said censorship and sjws were mutually inclusive . 
  are you really * that * stupid ? 
  then again , you guys are n't exactly known for your intelligence ... 
   so what about imgur makes them sjw ? 
  acting like sjws and holding views that sjws would hold makes them sjws . 
  and nobody is saying imgur as a whole is a social justice website , but it does appear to have a large number of sjw staff members . 
   at all . 
  gg is , however , obsessed with the idea that agg is trying to doxx them . 
  with good reason . 
  depends on your definition of `` better '' . 
  typical bullshit college fliers that no student will ever read . 
  sounds like a police state . 
   do you seriously think you should have the right to harass other people ? 
  no , but some people 's interpretation of `` harassment '' is a lot more liberal than others . 
  for example , i would n't have considered / r/fatpeoplehate to have been engaged in harassment . 
   no it does n't , go and look up what a police state is . 
  i was n't being * entirely * literal , friendo . 
  yeah , but people love a scandal so they make their own additions to the story . 
   people joke about it but i think in the future it may well become part of our customs and social mores that we always ask for consent when we have sex just as a sort of polite thing to do . 
  many would argue that it robs the lead-up to sex of it 's `` passion '' . 
  regardless , you might as well just sign a consent form anyway because how the hell could you prove in court anyway that consent was granted verbally if the other party can subsequently deny that they granted consent in the first place ? 
  this whole `` ask for consent '' scenario would have little to no legal weight in court . 
  i still would n't consider it sexual harassment though . 
  also , where do you draw the line between leering and looking ? 
  yeah , they 're not exactly going to be swimming in sexual experience . 
  ** edit : ** did n't know / r/ireland had so many humorless feminists . 
  it 's heavily implied . 
  have you read a college newspaper recently ? 
  my youngest brother showed me an issue from his college last year and it was essentially an sjw mouthpiece . 
   how you ca n't connect those dots ... you 're either making an excuse for two rapists or have yet to reach an age where you 've consumed alcohol and lack any understanding as to how this happens .
