  not necessarily . 
  what about in the case of where you fly a flag that most people wo n't recognize but you still want to show your support for a cause ? 
  if i were the flag flying type , i 'd be doing it for my own benefit and would n't give a toss how other people interpreted it . 
  i know you 're trying to catch him out there , but handing the reigns of the country over to a party with virtually no experience does n't seem like a wise strategy to me . 
  especially because we 're not out of the woods yet economically . 
   labour sold out, 
  what did you expect them to do as a minority partner in a coalition government ? 
  probably fine gael . 
  voted labour in the last election , but i now know there 's little point in doing that given that even if they do end up in government they will be a minority coalition partner , which this government has proven is fucking pointless . 
  sf are too much of a gamble , and their economic policies are fantasy at best . 
  ff wo n't have the clout to form a government this time around , and i ca n't stand miche\u00e1l martin and his `` new wave '' cronies . 
  independents and the likes of the aaa/pbp just cause trouble , and renua is just plain retarded . 
  fine gael have made plenty of mistakes , but overall they 've done well for the economy , improved employment rates ( sort of ) , and avoided destroying social welfare . 
  they 're were n't a great party in power , but they were no worse than i can imagine any of the other parties would have been . 
  mine was a mediocre cook , but there was never enough of it . 
  at least i never got fat though . 
  that was one of her few weak spots - great mother in every other regard though . 
  but my family is n't the `` express your feelings '' type , so i do n't know if i 'll ever be able to tell her that . 
  yeah , it 's painful really . 
  i had n't realised until recently that ireland had so many super pc-types . 
  we have one of the lowest population densities in europe . 
  stop spouting inaccurate shite ( even if it is intentional ) . 
   it 's set in its ways , everyone knows everyone, 
  that 's also the primary reason we do n't have a porn industry . 
   god forbid you 'd have any lighheartedness . 
  only if it 's well-executed . 
   i hate / r9k / so much . 
  why ? 
  they do no harm . 
  i do n't think you belong here , m8 . 
  well they should n't have gone into government as a minority partner then . 
   not wanting to be a wizard, 
  pretty much , yes . 
  / r/ireland wo n't like you saying that . 
  they get very defensive when anything bad is said about irish women . 
  i do n't really get it . 
  regardless , should you really be trying to hassle your elderly relatives into voting how you want them to ? 
  is n't that just ( reverse ? ), 
  political socialisation ? 
  i guess some people are just destined to be forever a pleb . 
   implying the american auto industry even comes close, 
  did you see the shit detroit was making in the 90 's and 00 's ? 
  well , americans * do * bitch a lot more about the unreliability of european cars than europeans do . 
  you obviously do n't spend as much time on auto forums and the like then . 
  the efficiency part is debatable as it varies from gearbox to gearbox and from car to car . 
  i ca n't understand how an auto would be safer though . 
  did you even attend college ? 
  if you did , you 'd know that they are people fucking all the time . 
  colleges are hotbeds of people barely able to control their hormones . 
  excellent point . 
  this is n't / r/adviceanimals . 
  nor is it 2013 . 
  getting real sick of this recent barrage of femanon posts . 
  why ? 
  i 've had $ 12 sitting in my account since christmas . 
  still waiting for something to tempt me . 
  forza horizon came close last week , but i already have too many racing games . 
  or a lot of money in the till at the local bar . 
  you encapsulate everything that 's wrong with irish voters . 
  we need less small-minded parish pump `` fix the roads '' voters and more who elect our td 's to be the * national * representatives they 're supposed to be . 
  that elves analogy is pretty cool , but a depressingly accurate prediction of the future . 
  well , to give credit where credit is due , white people have been doing a pretty good job of not causing a nuclear war for almost 75 years . 
   implying that you would n't be struck down the moment you enter the ghetto, 
  elvish power was n't always based on magical rings . 
  they just resorted to the rings when their power was in decline in order to preserve what they had . 
  what would be the `` rings '' of white people in this analogy ? 
  that 's fine . 
  as long as girls do n't make people aware that they 're female it 's all well and good . 
  the word femanon should never need to be used as it goes against the anonymity that 4chan is built on . 
  or just science . 
  i-i think i 'm blind . 
  thanks op !, 
  ignorance is bliss . 
  once again , anon did the right thing . 
  is n't america more multicultural than sweden or possibly any other country in the world ? 
  this is only considered a shitpost if you 're an americlap . 
  eh , the only edgy part really was the `` bronze age fairy tales '' bit . 
  fucking hell , there 's retards and then there 's you . 
  most science and tech used in the world today was developed by white people . 
  their societies are amongst the most advanced and prosperous in the world . 
  despite being outnumbered by other ethnicities , they ruled the most of the planet for much of modern history . 
  now , i 'm no white supremacist , but that should more than answer your question . 
  notice i did n't use the word `` invented '' in my previous comment . 
  i used the word `` developed '' . 
  anything of importance that other races invented , white people made better . 
  that 's why the brits were able to beat the chinese during the opium wars with guns even though the chinese invented gunpowder . 
  so yeah , there you go . 
  including the black people who 've been there since before the civil war ? 
  somebody seems a little upset that they 're not a member of the most successful race . 
  hell , i do n't even give a shit about race supremacy or anything , but denying that white people are top dog in almost everything of importance is just ignorant . 
   a third of it is exaggerated, 
  that still leaves 2 thirds of hard reality . 
   because they um ... are n't ? 
  go on . 
  and i 've come to the opposite conclusion that you have reached . 
   year before that , nobody clapped when i went to arizona . 
  nobody is happy to arrive in arizona - not matter how american you are . 
  either works . 
  the fact that you have to work in another country to live well in india is n't exactly a point in the country 's favour . 
  also,
