   he goes off to somehow become a precursor, 
  misread precursor as `` grocer '' . 
  best ending . 
   and when there is a vote on snipers , it get 's picked everytime . 
  that is problematic alright . 
  even as somebody who is a decent sniper , i do n't actually find team snipers all that fun . 
  if the main british parties campaign anywhere near the level they did against the electoral reform referendum , there 's no chance in hell of a brexit . 
  that 's tv3 's approach to current affairs in a nutshell . 
   not that there 's anything wrong with that type of thing . 
  seems a bit disingenuous to me . 
  you ca n't get banned for just being a bastard though . 
  maybe if his spam also involved him being a bastard ( like greg ) you might have a case on your hands . 
   with the ease of access of information in 2015 and the ability to find different sources of information and an ability for gay people to have a voice in the media i really ca n't see anyone who wants to continue homophobia as other than cruel and the enforcement of heterosexual marriage is part of that . 
  a lot of people in rural ireland just do n't know any gay people on a first hand basis , hence they sometimes ca n't relate to the issue of homosexuality and gay marriage . 
   some of the comments on the it page would make anyone weep, 
  i fail to see how . 
  do the comments of people on the internet that do n't agree with you really make you want to cry ? 
  half of / r/ireland would be wiped out overnight . 
  glad i 'm not a normie in that case . 
   that 's not that big a deal . 
  get a load of this guy . 
  if you have no morals or standards , maybe . 
  it 's a single action revolver , and you 'd fire it using a method called fanning . 
  although most single action revolvers do n't require a traditional trigger , the vast majority of them have one such as the one in [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tmzekzqq6hk ) which must be kept depressed while fanning . 
  as far as i can tell , the revolver in op 's image does not have any such trigger . 
  i 'm no gun expert , but i imagine it would . 
  you 're pulling the gun back and down in order to fire . 
  although i imagine that as with anything , practice makes perfect . 
  i hope halo 5 explores the chief 's life long dream of shopping for groceries . 
  that 's fair enough . 
  at least you - unlike some people - acknowledge that people are affected by their upbringing , and values held because of this are tough to change unless it occurs naturally ( such as having regular interactions with gay or black people ) . 
  maybe he 's considering a tattoo of a fake passport ? 
  i have to head away for the night so i ca n't give an eli5 , but i strongly recommend reading these 2 articles :, 
  i 'm irish , so i know how you feel . 
  that surge in players after reach went free on games with gold does n't appear to have lasted , at least in swat . 
  what 's the term i mistook it for then ? 
  it 's their fault for being lacking . 
  for liking figurines ? 
  calm yourself - you 're acting like it 's your first day on the internet . 
  what about it ? 
  i guess some things are destined to remain a mystery . 
  whatever helps you sleep at night . 
  that one step is a significant distinction though . 
  and ? 
  that place is well known by reputation . 
  seriously , you people are freaking out about nothing . 
  the original `` fat '' xbox 360s were notoriously loud , especially when compared to even the early ps3s . 
  frankly i always thought they were unacceptably loud . 
  but 2 years ago i bought a 360 slim 250gb . 
  it 's considerably quieter , but still noticeably louder than any rival systems . 
  but it is . 
  nascar cars literally follow the same curve for the entire race . 
  f1 has various bends , curves , straights , and such that make the track more challenging and interesting . 
  nascar is the most basic form of motorsport , second only to drag racing . 
  you 're pretty desperate to defend nascar , are n't you ? 
  let me put it this way : there 's a reason f1 is a world renowned series of motorsport and nascar is only popular in certain parts of the usa . 
   i 'm actually dreading the shit we 'll have to listen to online/abroad if this does n't pass . 
  sounds like you care far too much what other people think of you . 
  to be fair , i do n't think sexuality and the language you speak are equitable for a number of reasons . 
  if you do n't like democracy , i suggest you leave the country . 
  i hear china is quite anti-democracy - should suit you grand . 
  there is no perfect system - but democracy is the best one that people will actually accept . 
  that 's irrelevant . 
  it 's his legal right to vote on proposed changes to the constitution , whatever they may be . 
   it would n't even be much of a democracy . 
  it technically would - under the strict legal definition of democracy anyway . 
  that 's one hell of a generalisation - especially considering the fact that austin of all places has a grand prix . 
  please research your statements before you make them ; i assure you that america has a large f1 fanbase and they would be upset to hear you claim that they do n't exist . 
  also , america = / = the world . 
  just for future reference, 
  exactly . 
  f1 went from being a small european event to being a globally-renowned and most lucrative motorsport on the planet . 
  it 's where the cutting edge in motorsport technology is ( well , that and le mans ) and where most the world 's best drivers strive to compete . 
   a vote on the rights of a minority should never happen . 
  then how do we change the constitution in situations like this ? 
   just out of curiosity , do you do anything on this sub other than be condescending and smarmy ? 
  i like playing devil 's advocate , if that 's what you mean . 
  if you perceive that as condescending , maybe you 're failing to consider views opposite to your own . 
  fair enough then . 
  not in the slightest . 
  just trying to subvert the usual / r/ireland circlejerks and actually promote debate and discussion . 
   there is no ban on same-sex marriage in the constitution, 
  but there * is * a strict definition on the nature of the `` family '' . 
  that 's the crux of the issue . 
  yeah , submissive types . 
  as my comment history attest to , i usually supply detailed commentary and evidence when required . 
  but that 's not always required each and every time . 
  nobody does that on reddit - let 's be realistic here . 
  hell , i 've even had my opinion changed on / r/ireland before . 
   not using work as an excuse to get out of doing things, 
  she 's hardly prime spartan iv candidate material . 
  i hope the trailers are better than the halo 4 trailers - i thought they were mostly quite poor . 
  that 's just conjecture and wishful thinking . 
  a strong desire for vengeance ca n't overcome superior augmentations and armor . 
   we should n't stop the `` no seriously , get out and fucking vote '' mantra now . 
  thing is , i do n't know if it 's working . 
  people have become apathetic to even that . 
   i have a feeling there is a lot of no voters not wanting to admit the way they are voting and just saying do n't know . 
  to be fair to them , revealing that you 're voting no in most circles would be social suicide . 
  saw people putting up yes posters today .
