  yeah , i know the thorium reactor is still in the conceptual stage , but it 's still an interesting design all the same . 
  i believe china are in the process of building an experimental one . 
  i did a research project in college on the various nuclear fission reactors , and while the ifc is a very interesting design , i always did like the pebble bed reactor . 
  even though i enjoyed this one , it 's very obviously fake because his choice of character to ask about was stupid . 
  her name is in the ( largely english ) title of the show . 
  here we go ... 
  it 's this sort of attitude that got my car keyed . 
  and i like my car . 
  ... . what ? 
  [ * rubs hands together and takes a swig of tea * ], 
  whoah , germany got halo wars instead of gears of war . 
  jeez , losing an mi-35 will be a bit of a blow to the iraqis . 
  they 're super useful . 
  hmm , i wonder where they 're getting those from ? 
  ... it 's a 2002 3 series not a flippin ' bentley . 
  but , does n't the assad regime oppose isis ? 
  unfold those arms at once !, 
  man , isis is hoovering up a lot of military tech that militants do n't usually have access to . 
  mine 's flying around in a huey with fortunate son playing . 
   teenager, 
   having a social life, 
  please leave . 
  you 're not welcome here . 
  and i say this as a fellow xbox user ; you make the rest of us look bad . 
  sounds like you 've been hanging out on shitty boards . 
  would you ever fuck off the / r/atheism ? 
  the last thing any of us want to see here is * another * shitty religion debate . 
  you 're all fucking morons ... 
   so i guess we just need more transgender porn ? 
  this analogy would only work if the transgender porn featured a sex change operation . 
  ... this is / r/4chan . 
  are you expecting some sort support for your comment ? 
  because the chances of that happening are slim . 
  / r/atheism is that way , buddy . 
  jesus , when did this place suffer an invasion of the edgelord atheists ? 
   the latter full of nazi stormfaggots , naive libertarians , and a whole bunch of shit posters . 
  which one are you ? 
  trying way too hard , bro . 
  so people can only be one of two extremes ? 
  * fascinating ... *, 
  i feel like i 've been transported to / r/atheism . 
  i 'm not seeing this proof you speak of . 
  some might say `` edgy '' . 
   the point of trolling was always to piss someone off about something completely meaningless , not to just be a jerk . 
  why not both ? 
  no , his roommate is though . 
  vivian really * really * pisses off some internet feminists , which makes me love her all the more . 
  why are the people who like slaine always massively immature ? 
  i suppose it 's got something to do with the fact that anybody with an iota of common sense would see that slaine 's actions in the finale were largely unjustifiable . 
  i 'm not saying the comments you received were n't immature ( although the / r/fuckslaine is a bit of a running joke on / r/anime at the moment , so i 'm inclined to let it slide ) , but every single slaine-supporter i 've come across on the internet has been * incredibly * immature and liked him for stupid , superficial reasons that attempt to gloss over his actions in the finale . 
  that 's very anecdotal evidence if you do n't mind me saying so . 
  not one person who likes slaine that i 've interacted with online has successfully been able to justify why they like and support slaine - including your beloved / u/flamedbaby . 
  you coming along and saying `` oh , he/she totally has a good reason you see '' just does n't cut it . 
  and besides , you only said `` probably '' , so you do n't even know yourself if he/she can justify their bizarre behaviour . 
  i prefer [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/4chan/comments/2isiep/anon_plays_garrys_mod/ ) kind of trolling . 
  people get hurt all the time . 
  life is cruel . 
  there 's no need to be a mopey git about it though . 
  er , i like 4chan and i 'm a college-educated adult ... 
  also , what 's wrong with being a nerd ? 
  is this the 1990 's ? 
  i 'm so jaded at this point in my life that i 'll find enjoyment from whatever i can . 
   i like slaine a lot because he 's so very human . 
  especially his actions at the end of the season because i can personally relate to him . 
  anyone who has ever experienced that level of anger knows what it 's like to lose all control . 
  you lose all sense of reason and you just destroy anything you can . 
  you feel like someone else is moving your body for you while you can only watch . 
  slaine experienced pure rage and was unable to control himself . 
  did he fuck up big time ? 
  no doubt about it . 
  he 's going to have to take responsibility for it , too . 
  his actions in this next season will make or break his character . 
  so essentially you 're saying that slaine is the kind of person who , [ ] ( / s `` if he gets really * really * angry , is inclined to shoot anybody he sees before him ? 
  that does n't make him a particularly likeable ( or stable ) character in my book . 
  i could understand his actions if he had an underlying dislike of inaho that would make him a target for slaine 's rage , but the only way i can see that working is if we put his shooting of inaho down to jealousy regarding the princess 's affection for him '' ), 
  also , slaine 's loyalty to saz almost right to the end is just idiotic no matter how many times i 've had people try to justify it . 
   and how , exactly , is liking a character a `` bizarre behavior '' ? 
  no , liking a thoroughly unlikeable character for superficial reasons is bizarre . 
  there 's a difference . 
   your comments are laced with thinly veiled insults and i do n't like that sort of passive aggressive behavior . 
  it 's cowardly and almost always used in an attempt to provoke a reaction so that the original commenter can play the victim . 
  i 'm not positive that is your game here , but i 'm more than a little suspicious . 
  forgive me if i 'm mistaken . 
  do n't play the accusation game if you 're not certain about the accusations you 're making . 
  wow , you 're a hugely bigoted and immature individual . 
  i hope i never meet the likes of you in real life . 
  huh ? 
  that 's a really oddly placed `` please '' . 
   because i do n't have a high opinion of people are socially inept ? 
  sorry dude , hate to go against this fantasy you probably have of `` nerds are the victims !!!, 
  '' , they 're usually the biggest pieces of shit you 'll ever meet because of their lack of any social experience, 
  yeah , well , without nerds you 'd have none of that technology you use each and every day . 
  so try and so a little appreciation , would you ? 
   well if you 're a nerd you probably wo n't , since they do n't really meet anybody in real life huh, 
  and you know this about me how exactly ? 
  you seem to base a lot of your opinions off stereotypes , which if i recall correctly , is a trait also shared with racists , sexists , and homophobes . 
  you sound like a * real mature * guy . 
   and lastly , liking him as a character is not the same as liking him as a person . 
  well , that 's the crux of the issue , is n't it ? 
  a lot of people do n't seem willing to make that distinction .
