  [ ] ( / lustystare ) i like to think i walk a fine line between overtly positive and unnecessarily negative . 
  i do n't think they 'd like that . 
  [ ] ( / notamusedtrixie ) who ? 
  [ ] ( / x34 ) right ... 
  and this is worthy of such a superlative post , because ? 
  [ ] ( / trixiesocks ) yes , but why should anybody here care if it 's not she herself who is making the post ? 
   i 'm certainly not new , to give you an idea i was here well before the new mods and the opening of season 4 . 
  i 've been here for longer than my current reddit account has existed , and things were definitely different prior to summer 2013 . 
  in my opinion , the watershed moment was as late as that . 
  during summer and winter 2013 the plounge received 2 new waves of users that were largely different in their behaviour from previous new users . 
  it 's very difficult to describe , but i remember many older members remarking on this at the time . 
  a lot of the newbies did n't seem to have any respect for how things worked in the plounge , and insisted it conform to what they wanted . 
  many of them were also very immature . 
  now , that 's not to say they were all like that - but a lot were . 
   but you never hear about them complaining about all these new reddit users `` ruining reddit '' . 
  some do n't . 
  some just choose to remain silent and quietly slip away . 
  i know for a fact that at least one of the mods is unhappy with the way things have become in the plounge . 
   the way i see it , it 's complaining without doing something . 
  if the mods ca n't even do anything to just curtail the shitposts , what can one average user do ? 
   many people also find the internet a form of escape from their lives , and in a combination of the two things , the plounge is a great place for it . 
  i love the fact that this place is very nice , but it can be a bit much sometimes . 
  kind of like eating cupcakes , it gets a bit too sweet . 
  this thread was really refreshing from the normal `` sunshine and happiness '' posts . 
  thank you . 
  thanks , and i agree with what you 're saying here . 
  my main problem with the hugbox mentality is that it gives newer members the impression that everybody here cares about absolutely everything that goes on in their lives , which gives way to incessant daily posts about every little event that goes on in their life . 
  [ ] ( / x02 ) just curious : the dj prefixes - how did all 3 of you become dj 's in an official capacity ? 
  i 'm assuming they 're being used in an official capacity , or would that not be the case ? 
  [ ] ( / x31 ) i disagree , as i imagine many members of the professional dj community would too . 
  [ ] ( / wasthereeveranydoubt ) i guess use of the term dj without any official means of demonstrating competence in the field just does n't sit well with me . 
  there is a usually a distinction for most hobbies between those who do it for fun and those who do it as their job . 
  [ ] ( / trixieisbestnerd ) i always did get the impression that whoever was behind the donny account had been here for far longer than the age of the account implied . 
  so , has your * spot of bother * passed , taco ? 
   thank you for explaining this for me . 
  i used to have a lot of anxiety [ and still do a bit ] particularly about posting or even commenting here . 
  i mostly lurked because of that , and i think i had an alright handle on how the subreddit worked by my first post . 
  it 's very irritating to see that those new users did n't bother with understanding the norms or giving due respect to others . 
  i lurked for nearly 2 months before commenting on the plounge for the first time . 
  you learn a lot about the unwritten rules of a subreddit when you lurk . 
   the only issue that i have is lumping them all in together . 
  i try not to . 
   maybe it 's just me being naive , but is there some way to change that ? 
  i know the mods do n't want to be heavy handed and ruin the hugbox nature , but there has to be an end to this at some stage . 
  removing shitposts , making a new rule that posts without content or a direct question will be removed ? 
  i 'm not sure , but some `` higher authority '' does need to step in . 
  ploungers do n't like restrictions on what they can and ca n't post . 
  even the no nsfw content one has been contentious at times . 
   we can vote . 
  it 's not the most powerful thing in the world , but downvoting shitposts is the way to go . 
  i think if something is socially discouraged , it 'll send a message to the other users to not shitpost and follow the norms . 
  ambitious , but it 's worth a try at least . 
  the mods have been pushing people to vote more intelligently , and it has worked to a certain degree . 
  but far too many people still upvote absolute buillshit . 
   brown_hat attempted a similar cloak and dagger , except he failed miserably, 
  he confused me for far longer than he should have during his switchover . 
  you were pretty convincing . 
  how long ago has it been since you abandoned the ionictaco account at this stage ? 
  yeah , but somebody i trusted lied to me and said it was somebody just acting like him . 
  i remember !!, 
   too much plounge knowledge on your first day here . 
  [ ] ( / lustystare ) in the early days of the account on the plounge , he referenced things that predated his arrival . 
  that set alarm bells ringing for me . 
  then i kinda just forgot about it all . 
  did n't his two accounts co-exist on the plounge at one point though ? 
  jeez , it 's been that long ?!, 
  glad you 've got things sorted out though dude . 
  [ * checks age of your account * ], 
  damn , i thought you 'd been here longer than that !, 
   plus in a way we have proven competence in our field , have you even seen our fan or hype count on mixify ? 
  i 've given it a glance , yes . 
  not being familiar with the site though , i 'm not sure how good those stats are . 
  by any chance are you in the plounge skype group ? 
   do some research before coming in here and implying we 're incompetent please . 
  i implied nothing of the sort . 
  a person who does something as a hobby can be just as adept as those who do it professionally . 
  think about the words and what they mean . 
  what other developed nation does something so ... . . unnerving ? 
  `` did '', 
  words are hollow and meaningless unless followed by the actions they promise . 
  yeah , but y' all hate being canadian , do n't you ? 
  ( am i joking ? 
  that 's for you to decide ), 
  why should they uphold an oath they 're forced to make ? 
  ... ... i really do n't think anybody in ireland would be flying * anything * like an apache . 
  [ ] ( / trixieisadorable ) hey , you leave brown_hat alone !, 
  platinum games made bayonetta ? 
  the same platinum games that made vanquish ?!, 
  oh , i *** really *** want bayonetta now !, 
  vanquish is awesome !, 
  yeah . 
  best splinter cell game in quite some time . 
  i 'd be surprised if anybody in the west had ever even seen a helicopter to be fair . 
  thanks very much for the recommendation - i 'll give it a watch tonight . 
  i 'm not seeing what op 's problem is ... 
   but your personal preferences can be bad . 
  and sometimes , people should be made to feel bad about it . 
  christ on a bike !, 
  i thought this only happened on tv , but i genuinely almost choked on my tea when i read this comment . 
  i do n't want to have sex with a person who was born with the same genitals as myself .
