  she 's a better judge of me than i am myself so it 's only right . 
  he was tall . 
  yes ... a wind up ... 
  some people like a man who can take a few pints late into the night and then give a morning radio interview a few hours afterwards . 
  * that 's * leadership !, 
  maybe ? 
  i genuinely have no idea what point you 're attempting to make there . 
  why * would n't * you support trump over all the alternatives ? 
  well i guess that makes sense when articulated like that . 
   but i doubt there are many who would claim that makes them worse . 
  quite the opposite . 
  unless you 're right wing . 
  damn diet commies !, 
   let 's push that higher again this time around, 
  why ? 
  edgy . 
  i fail to see how . 
  people are entitled to their beliefs . 
  the advantage of the term edgy is that it does n't * need * to be original . 
  it 's no different to calling something that is interesting `` interesting '' . 
   maybe ` push ' was the wrong word to use but i think we should be honest with ourselves as a country with respect to where we stand on religion, 
  yeah , i can get behind that . 
  i may have interpreted `` push '' as just being a bit combative . 
  there are those in / r/ireland that would take that sort of stance . 
  no , she 's not rated for use over water . 
  the acquisitions committee did n't think it would be necessary . 
  i thought that was the funniest part . 
  she made her bed , so she can sleep in it . 
  seriously - who makes complaints to their local council on facebook ? 
  if her husband really is a solicitor , surely he could have advised her on a more anonymous course of action ? 
  and then started using bad language when she did n't get what she wanted , only to sharply change her tune when she realised that it was having no effect . 
  well , that depends - do you love her ? 
  if so , i 'm sure you can do without sex . 
  if you do n't , why are you still married ? 
  my life would n't be the same without the shame and guilt that catholic culture has imbued me with . 
  i would n't trust a north korean submarine to make it this far . 
   really ? 
  he should go without sex ? 
  like , if he 's willing to make that sacrifice , why not ? 
   how about she go without sex , since she seems happy to , and he get it elsewhere ? 
  i believe that was implied in one of the options i outlined . 
   we hardly have one do we ? 
  ... what do you think ? 
  it 's hard to reflect on your mistake when you do n't know what your mistake was . 
  also , it 's hardly anything new for / r/ireland to disagree with something i say . 
   he is a special interest, 
  and ? 
  at least that 's out there in the open . 
  the other politicians try to hide their special interests . 
  no , she 's far away . 
  also , only naval subs are black . 
  i find that statement to be highly disingenuous . 
  what 's immature about the way i present my opinions ? 
  if i had to guess , i 'd say you just do n't like my opinions and are going for a childish personal attack of your own . 
  no less problematic than the special interests of any of the other candidates at least . 
   drawing on walls is n't childish, 
  yes it is . 
  better than `` mam '' . 
  well thankfully somebody other than me pointed out that this post reeks of / r/atheism - i 've pulled that card one too many times on this subreddit . 
  watch it get heavily upvoted though , because it panders to / r/ireland 's large demographic of teenage and/or angry atheists . 
  i 'd be surprised if op has sat his leaving cert yet . 
  about 95 % of it , yes . 
  it 's vandalism too . 
  i do n't speak german , but would n't the possessive pronoun be feminine if she was my mother ? 
   so it must depend on what you draw on the wall whether or not it is childish . 
  nope . 
  it 's down to whether you own the wall or not ( or have permission ) . 
  yeah , but if you 're voting for sanders you 're buying into a whole host of other `` special '' interests . 
  i 'm not sure - why do you ask ? 
   we 'd be in a better place if there were more lads like you stamping out rare thoughts like this . 
   rare thoughts, 
  the atheist circlejerk is hardly rare in / r/ireland, 
   if you came into my house and drew a masterpiece in my bathroom i 'd be thankful . 
  most people would n't want you drawing on their bathroom wall without their permission , regardless of what was being drawn . 
   drawing something like that on a bathroom wall will invoke discussion, 
  it 's still an / r/atheism-tier post . 
  i could easily see it over there with a title like `` getting one over on my fundie parents ! '', 
  the opinions of teenagers * are * worthless . 
  most of them do n't have enough life experience to make informed decisions . 
  and ? 
  it has always been made perfectly clear that / r/ireland is not an accurate reflection of ireland in real life . 
  notice how in my original comment i said '' / r/ireland '' , not `` ireland '' . 
  well , he is still living with his parents . 
  i think their say on the matter is more important . 
  actually , that 's how it works in french . 
  as i said , i do n't speak german . 
   calm down , jesus boy . 
  as i 've said many times before on this subreddit , i 'm not religious . 
   are you sure you 're not a teenager yourself ? 
  thankfully not . 
  nothing more insufferable than a teenager that thinks their opinions matter . 
   you 're wrong though . 
  and i think you 're wrong . 
  i guess we 're at an impasse . 
  how unfortunate . 
   but they are the adults of tomorrow . 
  yes , and i 'll take their opinions seriously * when * they are actually adults . 
   and the point of the census is to predict the demographical needs of the country in years to come . 
  and ? 
  teenagers change their mind on things from one day to the next .
