  all it did was make the ueg even more committed to crushing them , going so far as to lead to the birth of the spartan program . 
   what i mean is that the insurrection started killing innocent millions of innocent civilians to try and get the unsc to accept their demands . 
  the united states never started killing tons of british civilians to advance their cause . 
  wait , i think we may have gotten off on the wrong foot - are you a supporter of the insurrection or not ? 
   you need to see if it was justified and what means the rebellion used to achieve success . 
  those are two * very * subjective criteria . 
   it only seems fair, 
  tell that to the kid who is in hospital now . 
  a fine example of the practical , everyday instructionals i subscribe to this subreddit for . 
  ^ ^ seriously ^ ^ though , ^ ^ very ^ ^ interesting ^ ^ video . 
  i think it 's fairly reasonable to assume that it was though . 
  she was still there - technically part of the event . 
  whatever allows you to continue thinking all yes voters are saints . 
  still have n't got that achievement for ramming the grunts . 
  and i never will . 
  goddamn marines ... 
  you 're arguing them . 
   you 're blaming the little kid for getting egged, 
  what ?!, 
  i did no such thing . 
  why would i want to blame a child for getting egged ? 
   if you want them to shut up and go away , vote yes , and give them what they want . 
  that sounds like an equally shitty reason to vote a particular way . 
  some of us know that voting yes wo n't automatically make us amazing and not mean . 
   shur what 's the point in staying together if quares can do it too ? 
  ( actual mindset of a no voter ), 
  * citation needed . 
  i dunno , unless you want children , the only practical purpose marriage serves from my perspective is the tax relief . 
  your comment was equally snarky and/or dickish . 
  to be fair , i actually remember a time when you could get a reasonably sized ice cream cone for 99p . 
  never 99c though . 
  not lying - just got time on my hands . 
  i 've been finished work since 5 , but i 'm still mooching around the office waiting on a report from abroad . 
  this is n't a regular occurrence to be fair . 
  it 's just an urgent report that i need to present at a meeting tomorrow evening . 
  but right now i 'm getting overtime for sitting at my desk , browsing reddit , and listening to music . 
  it 's pretty much what i 'd be doing if i were at home anyway , but this way i get paid . 
   if you can make that a reason to vote yes , you should . 
  what about a reason to vote no ? 
   where i 'm pretty sure it said she learned to fragment herself from deconstructing the covenant ai on the ascendant justice . 
  you 're correct . 
  hence more confusion . 
   but was in no way canonical to the universe, 
  that 's going a bit far if you ask me . 
  i 'll be the first to admit that reach 's campaign is riddled with canonical issues , but there 's plenty that still fits nicely into the established canon from the fall of reach . 
  on this subject and more , that journal has raised more questions than it answers . 
  which is a shame , since 343i went to the bother of including them in the escalation comics - and then promptly killed them off in the most infuriating manner possible, 
   except the parts about the pillar of autumn , the chief and cortana, 
  all of it ? 
  but if nobody knew about black team 's existence , why was blue team so unfazed when told that black team had gone ahead of them to installation 03 in the escalation comics ? 
   ( at least after the weapon balancing update ) . 
  yeah , but many players ( myself included admittedly ) did n't wait around for that and just went back to reach . 
  i 'm with you on all of that 100 % . 
  the magnum also sounds awful . 
  i hope this is rectified for halo 5 . 
  halo 2 has the best story of all the halo games , but it was some of the worst levels . 
  pretty much everything after you leave earth/arrive on delta halo is lack-lustre and repetitive ( with the exception of the level on high charity ) . 
  which is odd since that trend is sorta reversed in halo 3 where everything after you leave earth is awesome and exciting ( with the exception of the level on high charity ) . 
  also , reticle bloom did not negatively affect my enjoyment of halo reach 's gameplay at all . 
   nah , she got the copying a algorithm from the covie ai . 
  i 'm almost positive she 'd fragmented herself in for . 
  but i thought that covie ai was the one from the ascendant justice ? 
  i love everything about it except the slatted air intakes at the front, 
  so it 's just the taxes then ? 
  the battle rifle sounds like it has been poorly assembled to me - a lot of rattling when it fires . 
  well that 's definitely an * opinion * because it 's blatantly not true . 
   first off , spartan iii 's never set foot on reach so all of noble team and everything they do is already out, 
  has that ever been explicitly stated ? 
  also , i imagine that the likes of noble team would be top secret . 
   yeah if you ignore the tiny details like noble team trying to save the planet, 
  er , what exactly is wrong with that ? 
  that is so very sexy . 
  is there more ? 
   i also really hated the unnecessary sounds every time chief moved in a cutscene . 
  i thought those were brilliant . 
  really made him feel like a walking tank and emphasized his sheer mass in the mjolnir armor . 
  that 's the thing - i guarantee 343i wo n't kill off the chief . 
  but he 's definitely gon na go mia if anything . 
   i also do n't think black team getting killed off is a big deal for similar reasons as this . 
  they had slightly more potential then the rookie , but again , they have plenty of canonical time to explore back when they were still alive to do future stories with, 
  to be fair , i do n't think so many people had an issue with black team being killed off , rather it was * how * they were killed off that was irritating and stupid . 
   when 343 retconned the foward unto dawn 's appearance in halo 4 , they should have stuck with that retcon rather then retconning the retcon into it being what it used to be but that retcon design being a new class of ships , that makes no sense at all . 
  okay , maybe it 's too early in the morning , but i have no idea what you just said there . 
  team swat is thankfully still active - i did n't really enjoy halo 4 swat at all . 
   halo 2 has the weakest story in the trilogy, 
  you do realise that you 're comparing it to halo 1 and 3 ; one of which has a very self-contained story and the other of which has a story that 's * very * weak in places . 
   just watched halo : forward unto dawn yesterday . 
  awful . 
  really ? 
  for what it was , i thought it was quite good . 
  better than nightfall by a country mile anyway . 
   i fucking hate snipers !!!!, 
  any capitalisations we can be make will be cancelled out by the severe negative effects a brexit will have on ireland both politically and economically . 
   it might be that the uk leaving has some negatives for us but we can mitigate this by being scheming little shits . 
  you are severely underestimating the negatives for ireland if the uk leaves the eu . 
   noble team itself may have existed , but iirc , it is said in the ghosts of onyx that the iii 's never went to reach and all but the ones on onyx were killed in their suicide missions, 
  that 's because the members of small spartan iii teams such as noble team were plucked from their original spartan iii batches because they were deemed too valuable to waste on suicide missions due to certain skillsets they possessed ( in the case of noble 6 , it was primarily his piloting skills that saved him ) . 
  it has also been theorized by the halo community that those spartan iiis pulled from the suicide missions for other work would most likely have been candidates for the spartan ii programme had they been of age at the right time . 
  well it makes sense that the spartan iis would be aware of gray team , but i always assumed that due to the fact that they were under oni , black team would be more under wraps . 
  i thought the secret behind damascus steel manufacturing was never really discovered ?
