  butthurt stoner detected . 
  you rectally frustrated that the cops want to take away your weed ? 
  according to sjws , yes . 
  begone , ye who would not uphold the law of the land !, 
  ah yes , qq - one of the many sjw themed comics circling the webcomic drain these days . 
   implying any of us will either, 
  `` unjust '' . 
  it 's all relative , m8 . 
   i do n't see stoners constantly having dick waving internet tough guy contests . 
  are you perhaps new to the internet ? 
  what you 're failing to understand is that i just do n't give a shit about drugs and the people who consume them . 
  i 'm cool with stoners having their drugs , but i 'm equally passive about them being arrested for it . 
  as with a lot of relatively normal webcomics in recent years , it has started to have strong sjw themes . 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  well , at least you 're honest . 
   i do n't really buy into the whole theory put forward about how sport will suffer if you ban the advertising of alcohol . 
  then you have a fundamental flaw in your understanding sport sponsorship as a means of advertising . 
  sponsoring sport is a form of marketing that ( a ) only certain companies have enough financial clout to engage in on a large scale , ( b ) is only effective for certain products . 
  large alcoholic beverage companies meet both of these criteria , and there are very few other companies that do ( auto manufacturers are a good example , but they only tend to advertise in top tier sporting events ) . 
  robbing sports teams and events of one of the few sponsors with the willingness and money to successfully finance it would be a major blow to irish sport across the board . 
  there has to be compromise . 
  this is n't an all-or-nothing type situation . 
  and besides , i 'm sick and tired of `` think of the children '' types shitting all over stuff . 
  children need protecting , yes . 
  but the world should n't revolve around them . 
  which is worse ? 
  apathy or forcing yourself to care about something you have no interest in ? 
  now you 're on the trolley !, 
   i do n't know about most people here but they just yell out shameless neckbeard . 
  that 's moreso your assumptions than anything , m8 . 
  i 'm now convinced you 're a troll . 
  yep , definitely a troll . 
  look forward to seeing you in the next wallpaper thread ( since you appear to have nothing better to do ) . 
  if you hate it here so much , why do you stay ? 
  did you actually call / r/games an actual game subreddit that does n't have memes or pointless discussion ? 
  that place is little better than / r/gaming . 
  now i know you 're either a troll or incredibly dense . 
  highly unlikely . 
  last time i looked into into the sales figures , it was n't all that popular . 
  in fact , reddit is the only place i 've come across where the show retains a large fanbase . 
  / a / hates ngnl for instance . 
  no less so than / r/anime is . 
  wow , that 's just ignorant . 
  it 's probably a better source of anime info and discussion than / r/anime will ever be . 
  that 's not to say that the two are in direct conflict with each other , they just fill different niches . 
  eh , depends what you 're going for to be honest . 
  / r/anime tends to be good for news , wallpaper dumps , and light episode discussion , but i often find this place too positive and hugboxxy . 
  / a / provides a decent dose of pessimism , more in-depth discussion ( admittedly you have to dig a bit to find it ) , and polarising opinions . 
  also , / a / 's lack of tolerance for 99 % of dubs which is a strong point in its favour for me . 
  exactly . 
  sounds like a sub-par rom-com . 
   lets not assume that mothers simply lack the self-confidence to breastfeed in public . 
  yet it 's something you rarely see in ireland compared to other european countries . 
   looking after a baby can be very very tough and if a woman does n't want to breastfeeding i think that is fine . 
  are n't babies who are breastfed scientifically proven to be healthier in the long run though ? 
  i 'd find that ... unnerving . 
  but that 's just me . 
  i ai n't seeing it . 
  just saying that wo n't immediately make me okay with it . 
  how about no ? 
  that 's not very considerate . 
  do n't forget the people who turn up to council meetings even if they 're not reps to argue with the council on * everything * they say or propose . 
  in my experience , a lot of this stemmed from bitterness due to the fact that they themselves are unelectable , because lets face it ; su elections are very much so a popularity contest in most cases . 
  i have pro-life friends . 
  i can assure you that they are very reasonable and normal people . 
  i think your hate-filled generalisation would offend them . 
  way to be tolerant of other people 's views . 
  eh , i thought it was well-balanced . 
  definitely pro-choice leaning , but still better than rte might produce on such a delicate subject when there are so many vested interests at play . 
  one guy makes a hateful comment about pro-life people - gets upvoted . 
  another guy makes a hateful comment about pro-choice people - gets downvoted . 
  / r/ireland - tolerant and respectful of all views , as long as they do n't differ from our own . 
   do n't forget it is the prolifers who stand outside abortion clinics hurling abuse at women who have enough on their minds . 
  so , we should judge entire movements by the actions of their extremists ? 
  man , feminism would have gotten nowhere if everybody did that . 
  but the pro-lifers see abortion as murder , so of course they would oppose it . 
  it 's only logical from their perspective . 
  but pro-life people can equally say that pro-choice people do n't care about the health and well-being of the unborn . 
  it 's a two-way street . 
  / r/ireland - where we assume that our views are objectively correct and opposing views therefore have no merit at all . 
  that 's such a small-minded stance to hold and it stems ( at least in part ) from arrogance . 
  does anybody * really * think that any other decently sized party ( if in government ) would have voted any differently ? 
  seriously , just consider it for a moment . 
  i 'm not saying who is right or wrong , but that bill never had a hope in hell of being passed regardless of which of the parties was in government . 
  look , i 'm not going to get into who is more arrogant due to their beliefs on abortion - i personally do n't give a shit . 
  all i 'm saying is that 99 % of the time it 's arrogant to think that the view you hold is objectively correct and that anybody who holds an opposing view is a bigot and worthy of ridicule . 
  libertarians are mental . 
  are you perhaps new to irish politics ? 
   all the metaredditcancer people are being dishonest , especially when it comes to the context of their accusations against srd and the admins . 
  they all have some dumb agenda of `` revenge '' because they 've been banned and shadowbanned . 
  ( and some of them are just trolls who enjoy starting trouble ) . 
  this is a very broad generalisation that you are providing zero proof for . 
   in srd , you 're not allowed to use `` tranny '' or intentionally misgender a trans person . 
  this reminds me of when mods try to introduce new rules over on 4chan ; it 's not the rule itself that is the problem , but the fact that new rules are being brought in at all and the context in which they were introduced . 
  the `` tranny '' rule was n't always a rule on srd . 
  freedom to say what you wanted about the people featured in the posts on the subreddit was a major tenant of / r/subredditdrama - for better or for worse . 
  then this new rule comes along at a time when older members of the subreddit are starting to notice a shift in the commenting and voting patterns of the subreddit towards a more sjw-friendly position . 
  they 're gon na put 2 and 2 together , and they are n't necessarily going to get 4 . 
  not necessarily . 
  possible unconstitutionality aside , for a sole major party ( or even a couple of parties ) to support this bill would be political suicide .
