  keep spouting that ignorance man - it 's a good look !, 
  diesel cars have slow heated seats ? 
  that 's not my experience . 
  the purest form of male heterosexual porn contains no men at all . 
   though the autistic spergers are divided on whether a futanari has testicles or not . 
  surely a consensus will be reached . 
  we have the greatest minds of the dickgirl connoisseurs working around the clock to solidify the terminology for our convenience . 
  i do n't think the pace of action in reach was any slower than that of halo ce or halo 2 at least . 
  hence dickgirls . 
  there 's no such thing as `` good brigading '' within the context of reddit and its rules . 
  being the arbiter is more important !, 
   the few who have given their support highlights the vast majority who have n't . 
  well , to be fair , they 're not obliged to . 
  i 've never interacted with a polar bear , yet i know to avoid them . 
  final fantasy xiii lied to us . 
  did you even read the fucking post ? 
  ah , so no change from the usual feelings you experience then ? 
  found the person with dyed hair . 
  are you new here or something ? 
  what ?!, 
  does she just stay indoors all the time now ? 
   my point is that us femanons are n't completely useless at invention . 
  but they 're nowhere near on the level of men , so it 's pointless arguing `` oh , once a women did this '' when the obvious retort is `` well , men invented pretty much everything that exists in the world right now '' . 
  and ? 
  people change their minds about many things every day . 
  jewish physics ? 
  dyed red hair means sjw feminist , does it not ? 
  yeah , all those plastic paddies out there in japan ... / s, 
  it bothers me that people can make a living that way . 
  if women are so great and are equal to men , maybe they should n't have allowed themselves to be oppressed by men in the first place ? 
  because , y' know , it should be hard to oppress somebody who is `` equal in every way '' . 
  but no , you and your ilk are just content to blame every shortfall women have on men . 
  total lack of accountability as usual . 
  it devalues people who produce actual content too . 
  it 's not like i have any problem in the slightest with people who make money off the internet , but the very fact that this girl posts absolute bullshit and has people who follow and support her lifestyle makes me sick . 
   i wo n't do it . 
  eh , an implication is good enough for me . 
   do you not think it is detrimental to the health of a woman to tell her she can either continue with a doomed pregnancy or force her to go abroad to seek assistance in another country ? 
  i could start a big long debate about why this is a gross simplification of the topic at hand , but frankly i do n't really care about the entire abortion issue so it would be a waste of both our time . 
  i 'm killing time . 
  i 've been stuck on a train for the past hour . 
  i 'm in my 20 's and i have n't celebrated my birthday since i was 7 . 
  this really annoys my friends for some reason . 
  what else do you suggest i do with shitty irish rail internet ? 
  reddit is pretty much the only thing that will run at the moment . 
  i dislike being the centre of attention and have an inferiority complex that makes me unable to easily accept gifts or compliments . 
  so , as you can see , a birthday party for me would be a nightmare . 
  yes . 
  go do that thing we need to do or that person we sort of admire will be angry with us . 
   i go anywhere in cork and i get rock music , pizza and microbrews . 
  yeah , you 're a real special snowflake , are n't you ? 
  that it is . 
  i prefer that to a party by a country mile . 
   maybe do n't post flippant , cynical replies to a very sensitive subject . 
  eh , it 's the internet . 
  it 's not like anything we say here carries any weight . 
  ** edit : ** touched a nerve , did i ? 
   normals, 
  so i 'm no fun because i 'm not an egotistical prick that loves being at the centre of attention ? 
  as i said , it 's not like i had anything better to do at the time . 
   and red dyed hair is usually a woman who knows redhead women are the vastly superior option in every way and wants to be one . 
  actually , radfems have co-opted dyed red hair as a sort of `` brand '' . 
  also , you ca n't take natural red-heads out in the sun . 
  it 's okay dude - we 're * all * autistic . 
  nowhere did i deny that . 
  i live in ireland , dude . 
  red heads have to be coated in a thick layer of sun cream before venturing out in the hot sun , or they 'll get severely burnt even by irish standards . 
  because i would prefer to be me ... 
  that 's also a skin cancer risk . 
  do n't stop trying . 
  the pixels never lie . 
  okay then . 
  well , not being jewish it would have been odd if i had . 
  are you new to the concept of 4chan or something ? 
  no , no - it 's definitely all of us . 
  a party is n't my idea of fun . 
  you 're a cruel man . 
  did none of you realise that it 's fucking weird ? 
  i seem to be some sort of magnet for downvotes in this place . 
  i guess people do n't like opinions that they do n't share . 
  i love the way they think they have some sort of trump card over you when they find some totally unrelated `` incriminating '' evidence against you in your comment history , even though all it does is make them look weird and obsessive . 
  go back the comment thread . 
  when you mentioned `` fun '' i assume you were referring to a party . 
  regardless , what makes you think i do n't know how to have fun ? 
   lightning is a cold hard bitch, 
  yeah , but i could n't help but like her at times . 
  her consistently deadpan reaction to everything not serah-related was often unintentionally hilarious . 
  and then it 's just a matter time until either they rage-quit or you get bored enough to abandon the conversation . 
  asians are a grey area in this regard . 
  improvements in nuclear technology have made it an * almost * renewable resource . 
  also , while the waste is most certainly a serious issue , it could be easily avoided ( or at least mitigated ) if the world would just switch to other types of fission reactors set-ups ( fusion is still a while away yet ) . 
  the version we have now is the cheapest and simplest , but it 's the dirtiest and least efficient when compared to alternatives such as the thorium reactor, 
  interesting story behind that name . 
  suffice to say , i did n't come up with it . 
  wow , i 'm more amazed that somebody was able to gather that he was describing stocking . 
  wait now . 
  i 'm irish and we are right next door to the brits , not to mention the fact that we were occupied by them for 800 years . 
  but i 've yet to come across an irish person who pronounces it `` sk-onn '' . 
  unless you 're a protestant ... 
  i 'm suspecting that you might be trolling given how appropriate your username is for the stance you 're taking on the topic at hand .
