  what 's the difference ? 
  actually , there was only enough material available for one more nuke * immediately * after hiroshima and nagasaki : the demon core . 
  it would have taken weeks if not months to prepare more . 
  also , i * think * there was only one test before deployment ( the gadget ? 
  most of them are outdated and many unfit for purpose . 
  plus we no longer have a ship you can land a helicopter on . 
   a thermonuclear bomb is a 2 stage device . 
  the heat and pressure of the fission bomb sets off the secondary fusion device . 
  so like a hydrogen bomb ? 
   the three new opvs are pretty nice, 
  i thought we 'd only bought 2 . 
  i 'd forgotten about he yeats . 
  what 's the story with the rumoured next batch though ? 
  ah , can we not just buy an aircraft carrier and be done with it ? 
  / r/ireland is very touchy about it . 
  anybody with a lick of common sense does n't give a shit . 
  as somebody who evidently enjoys a very similar playstyle to yourself , the japanese medium line ( i.e. 
  the only japanese line at the moment ) is severely undervalued . 
  the chi-to is one of my top 3 favourite tanks in the game . 
  it absolutely dominates in tier vi matches and remains competitive right up to tier viii . 
  it 's a bit squishy and the gun depression is poor , but there 's a large hp pool for a medium of its tier and the gun is the perfect blend of dpm , alpha , and penetration . 
  speed is decent , and it will turn on a dime . 
  the chi-ri is a bit of a mule and plays more of a supporting fire role when compared to the chi-to . 
  bigger , slower , and not much better protected , the chi-ri also shares the same guns as its predecessor - with one crucial difference : the top gun is an auto-loader variant . 
  i usually hate auto-loaders , but i make an exception for the chi-ri . 
  stay just behind the front lines , be patient , and this tank can be far more effective than it appears on paper . 
  and then there 's the sta-1 . 
  like the chi-ri , it appears underwhelming on paper . 
  but that top gun is a beauty and the gun handling is second to none . 
  like its predecessors it 's squishy , but very agile . 
  if you imagine a smaller , more nimble centurion 1 , you would n't be far off . 
  the sta-1 is as far as i 've gotten so far though . 
   we see all kinds of shit , but casualties and ( revolutionary ) struggles around the world are suppressed by agendas . 
  honestly , i 'm not sure if it 's agendas so much as it 's a lack of interest by the western world . 
  frankly i think most irish people would be happy to not see their parents naked . 
   it seems to me like the west will do anything to portray erdogan and turkey in a good light . 
  he 's portrayed as the despot that he is in most media i consume , albeit in an indirect way . 
  and i 'm as about far west in europe as you can get . 
  but you 're part of the electorate , are you not ? 
  ... / r/ireland 's weekly holier-than-thou belittlement of the irish electorate ? 
   he party that single handedly ruined our country and set us back decades by acquiring huge amounts of debt . 
  the global recession played a part too . 
  a rather significant part at that . 
  that wo n't stop / r/ireland having a good auld circlejerk . 
   everyone on earth find farts hilarious . 
  only if you 're a degenerate . 
  i 'm an autist for many reasons , but not finding the expulsion of gas from one 's anus to be funny is n't one of them . 
   but any electorate that makes ff r most popular party is a stupid one . 
  fair ? 
  not really . 
  / r/ireland and others expected the electorate to vilify ff forever , but that 's not how politics works here . 
  we have a multiparty system with 2 dominant parties that can not be ousted due to historical legacy . 
  as problematic as this may be , all the alternative parties are too divisive to fill any gap left by the downfall by ff . 
  this is why fg did so well in the previous election : people who traditionally voted ff but wanted to send the party a message voted fg . 
  but then it was fg 's turn to be vilified , and that former-ff support flowed back to its natural base . 
  it 's a socialist policy at its core . 
  / r/ireland is highly socialist . 
  draw your own conclusions . 
  ca n't stand the stuff since i got a taste of orchard thieves . 
  that 's the curse of having a sweet tooth . 
  weird . 
  i do n't like cidona but i do like orchard thieves . 
  true , but fg made a number of key mistakes that played directly into the hands of an intentionally confrontational ff . 
  what also helped was miche\u00e1l martin 's debating skills during the election campaign . 
  he was one of the few leaders to come out unscathed from the televised debates even though his opponents had plentiful ammunition to use against him . 
  i do n't like the man at all and i have questioned his leadership credentials in the past , but he is a top notch debater and has guided his party back from the brink . 
  why ? 
  it 's great fun . 
  i thought only retarded americans said this ? 
  the s is never required . 
  i find orchard thieves to be far sweeter and drier than bulmers . 
  never had stonewell though . 
  that 's the way it 's meant to be said though . 
  just because you do n't like it does n't make you right . 
  unless your personality bothers others or you 're physically hideous . 
  not as bad as those idiots who record public events with ipads . 
  do they not realise how stupid they look ? 
  this is gon na be good . 
  the rt\u00c9 news report on the findings was ridiculous though . 
  for one thing , the travellers featured in it were complaining about the rubbish piling up , yet according to a college friend who lives near that particular halting site , that 's because they wo n't pay their refuge charges . 
  also explains the remnants of that fire that was visible , which is somehow the fault of `` the council '' no doubt . 
  like , i know depression affects your personality , but i 'm talking about people who are just generally unliked at the best of times . 
  what do you want ? 
  a peer-reviewed journal article ? 
  how else do you expect that sort of information to circulate other than accounts from people who live in the area ? 
  regardless , i 'm only giving my opinion on the whole debacle based on the information at my disposal . 
  why else do you think the refuse is not being collected ? 
  let 's not attempt to meld our contentious issues . 
  who knows what might happen if we do . 
  how did people actually acquire that ? 
  i just saw people driving around in it en masse one day . 
  progressives are all too quick to forget that people tend to become more conservative as they age . 
   i do n't mind this . 
  my ex and i used to do it back and forth when we were apart . 
  we also enjoyed food . 
  i 've also read comments from some chefs who think it 's nice people want to share something the chef created . 
  as long as you are aware that this is prime normie behaviour ... 
  if you have the mind of a child , maybe . 
  i thought it was common knowledge . 
  sure , it does n't apply to * everybody * , but by and large it tends to be true ,,
