  well it is if you openly announce that you 're a reporter . 
  / r/4chan is why we ca n't have nice things . 
  i take it you know nothing of 4chan beyond / b / , / pol / , and maybe / r9k / , right ? 
  if he thinks that would actually work , then he does n't understand / r9k / . 
  / u/agentchuckbartowski is the exact kind of person the shooter and his ilk despise . 
  i 'm not condoning their behaviour , but / r9k / hates `` normies '' and his comment was very very * normal * . 
  just how out of touch with reality are you ? 
  is it your first day on the internet ? 
  what 's it like being 5 years old ? 
  you like generalising , eh ? 
  that 's cool . 
  er , by definition you ca n't * know * a person on 4chan . 
  where i 'm from absolutely nothing would happen . 
  maybe a few disapproving stares and heckles , but that 's about it . 
  yep , you 're not wrong there . 
  that or they got their first boyfriend/girlfriend later than average in life and feel the need to show off wherever they go in order to compensate . 
  you 're getting downvoted , but i agree . 
  extended pdas are obnoxious . 
  but of course if you say this , other 's will just accuse you of being bitter - just like / u/stevie123c did . 
  why does being right wing = horrid for you ? 
  must every subreddit you frequent correlate with your views perfectly ? 
  sounds like a pretty insulated way to life your life . 
   redditors are very special people . 
  are you not one too ? 
  dae sports are stupid ? 
   like how can you bring yourself to give enough of a shit how people live their own lives to get mad about it ? 
  having spent quite a bit of time on various 4chan boards over the years , i do n't believe you can boil it down to any one particular reason . 
  take / r9k / for example ; many users are genuine nihilists and see the lives that normies lead to be the most shallow and pretentious of all . 
  however , the majority of users are just social misfits who feel ostracised by society , and normies are the personification of the society that they feel does n't value them . 
  throw in a healthy dose of sociopaths and psychopaths , and you have a very * interesting * community that strangely holds a notable amount of sway over internet culture . 
  that does n't answer the question ( not that it needs to be answered ) . 
  that does n't make sense . 
  if you use reddit , you are by definition a redditor . 
  no superiority complex is gon na get you out of that one . 
  but then why do you call other users of reddit `` redditors '' ? 
  double standards methinks . 
   instead of trying to find out what makes them happy or people who they like to be around , they just externalize all of it and blame people who they perceive to be a certain way . 
  but that 's the thing ; in many cases literally nothing makes them happy anymore . 
  i 've come across guys who ca n't even find enjoyment in video games or watching anime ( two of the most popular pastimes on 4chan as a whole ) despite having being able to do so in the past . 
   it just seems so lazy you know ? 
  that 's because most of them are . 
  that or chronically depressed , and we all know what that does to your motivation . 
   i 've never met anybody who is actually a `` normie '' the way they think about them, 
  weird , i actually have come across plenty . 
  i may not hate `` normies '' like / r9k / does , but i 'll be the first to admit that the stereotype has foundations in reality ( just like a lot of stereotypes ) . 
  and what 's the stereotypical redditor that you obviously consider yourself so much better than ? 
  it just makes no sense . 
  it 's counterproductive in so many ways . 
  the galactic empire : a great bunch of lads, 
  my memories of the place are very mixed , but i ca n't deny that it 's good as irish colleges go . 
  has there ever been a bearable one ? 
  also , their general concept of heroism seems to be from some alternate reality . 
  same music for about a decade or so now . 
  but could they not just sit in on a thread on 4chan and just observe it ? 
   i think most if not all of us could be your average / r9k / poster , it 's just how different people handle different situations, 
  while there is a degree of truth to that , i think you 're oversimplifying things . 
  there are guys on / r9k / who legitimately tried in life and it was thrown back in their faces . 
  they never got to experience the social successes of their normie peers . 
  the deck was stacked against them from day one , whether in terms of physical appearance , social skills , or mental problems . 
   i shit you not , there was footage of a leopard sprinting to the sound of revving car engines and then tire squeels when it changed direction . 
   they dub everything in an american accent, 
   thomas the tank, 
  u wot m8 ? 
  why ? 
  are you 12 ? 
  jesus , that image of quiet is terrifying . 
  now is not the time !, 
  i 'm trying to be outraged over here !, 
  robots may be lonely virgins , but the majority of them have very high standards . 
  very few of them would stoop so low as to pay a prostitute for sex . 
   but , for the record , i do consider myself superior to the stereotypical redditor, 
  that 's very conceited of you . 
  i highly doubt it . 
  what makes you better than them then ? 
  * inb4 sweeping generalisations *, 
  sounds like a fair price to me . 
  yeah , because naming him on / r/ireland will have such a significant effect on future american school shooters ... 
  so , is it just me or is the chief 's visor glowing a new thing ? 
  first time i ever saw it was in the previous live action trailer . 
   i think it would be considered very offensive in the west . 
  only to the easily offended . 
   i think i 'll give up trying to understand you guys . 
  you do n't understand that guys might like tits ? 
  that 's fairly basic material . 
  true , it 's still misleading though . 
  possibly , but the level of offense some people in this thread are taking to the subject matter of the video is a bit insane . 
  it 's like they 've never watched anime before . 
  it 's still a bit much in my opinion . 
  thanks !, 
   being this autistic, 
  what sort of pills did you take during puberty ? 
  why would anybody care about such irrelevant information ? 
  800 years of oppression . 
  how does he come up with such brilliant lines on the spot ? 
  just making observations . 
   fuck you pills, 
  do they make you grow a penis ? 
  the island of ireland has a population of about 6 million and it 's about the 3rd or 4th most popular sport over here . 
  fairweather fan detected . 
  with the increasing popularity of rugby , i could see it giving hurling a run for its money in time .
