  i just want to say at that stage : `` look , i will do the job for you - i will do it well with no complaint . 
  i do n't see what my interests and insignificant achievements or lack there-of has anything to do with how i will perform in this job . '', 
  so the whole country should just grind to a halt if it snows ? 
  ( more so than it already does ) . 
  the people who man up and travel ( carefully ) to work are what keeps the likes of britain running when it snows . 
  when there is a threat of snow , people are told to avoid unnecessary journeys . 
  unless there is 2 feet of snow covering the roads , i do n't think going to work should count as an unnecessary journey . 
  people need to stop being so damn terrified of snow ( and in many cases , stop being so lazy too ), 
  i have never understood the concept behind dancing in nightclubs . 
  i 've tried really hard to understand , but i can not see the appeal in it . 
  my original theory was it merely a means for guys to go after girls and vice versa , but some of my friends who are in relationships have debunked that one for me . 
  i 'm really at a loss here . 
  the only time you 'd see me on the dancefloor of a nightclub is if i 'm blind drunk ( which is rare ) - otherwise i 'm either chatting in the smoking area or at a pub down the road . 
  no , i get the social aspect of nightclubs - i even enjoy that if the club is right . 
  i just do n't get the dancing . 
  i know , but i do n't understand why they like the dancing - i just do n't get it . 
  half the people who go out on the dancefloor ca n't dance to save their lives anyway . 
  ok , ok - but could somebody perhaps explain to me what people who like dancing find appealing about it ? 
  there 's only so low you can go before things start getting weird ... 
  true - i find it hard to handle my own baggage , so i hardly want to deal with the baggage of another person , now do i ? 
  if you listen closely , you can hear the srs brigade on the way to flood the comments of this post with their own special brand of downvotes ... ... 
   america is for the individuals , europe is for the tard collective . 
  saying this makes any valid point you have made or may make in the future null and void . 
  also , many people do n't define their freedom by the ability to carry weapons . 
  that 's pretty spiteful ... 
  actually , for many courses you are not obliged to attend lectures and can get by just fine without going them . 
  last year , i barely attended any mechanics lectures for my engineering module , and mechanics would be far from my strongest subject . 
  but i still passed the module because i worked at home using the lecture notes that the lecturer posted online . 
  also , just because somebody might attend every single lecture , it does n't make them a better student . 
  in fact , in many cases it can be a waste of time . 
  why does it matter to you if people turn up for lectures or not ? 
  and so what if i am ? 
  i 'm still getting through my college course . 
  admirable as that may be , i still do n't think it gives you the right to look down and chastise people who take a different approach to college . 
  as i mentioned in another comment , i give the appearance of a lazy college student . 
  i 'm rarely up before 10 , i go to about half my lectures , and i do n't attend tutorials . 
  but i work at home , often late into the night , using notes that the lecturers post online . 
  so , in future do n't be so quick to judge people . 
  well , since women usually take their husband 's surname , it is natural to assume that a woman who is engaged plans to do the same . 
  as with most assumptions , it is n't a wise one to make , but i do n't think it 's warranted to hate on people who would make such an assumption . 
  that 's pretty generic and not really a `` hard truth '' . 
  it 's just another one of the advice clich\u00e9s that reddit constantly spews out like `` confidence is the key to getting girls '' or `` look on the bright side - take control of your life and things will get better '' . 
  so , people should n't be allowed have standards ? 
  they should just grab whatever member of the opposite sex they can , regardless of whether they are attracted to that person or not ? 
  i 'd rather be alone , thank you . 
  well , it 's called a `` comfort zone '' for a reason - i like it . 
  i accepted my limitations before i even started playing `` the game '' . 
  i calculated that i was unlikely to reap the rewards of the dating game , so i never got involved . 
  people may call me sad or pathetic , but i 'm not hurting anybody and i can still contribute to society from my comfort zone . 
  my life is far from perfect , and i often complain childishly about it . 
  but , i am content with the life i have without the added hassle of dating and relationships . 
  admittedly i can see the benefits of these endeavours , but it 's just not for me . 
  i have too many limitations that would prevent me from being successful in that field , hence it 's not worth my time trying - it would be better spent pursuing other goals . 
  if the next few years go to plan , i will have a career , thus achieving the last thing on my list of life goals - all without leaving my comfort zone . 
  may seem sad to many , but i consider that quite an achievement . 
  yes , but if you have limited self respect and a low opinion of yourself , you are unlikely to be attracted to people who are equal to what you expect and execute with yourself . 
   yes , sad and pathetic indeed . 
  you sound like the ideal example of setting your goals low , so that you wo n't fail what easy goals you set , all while patting yourself on the back for your `` achievement '' . 
  yes , but i do n't pat myself on the back when i achieve them . 
  i consider them achievements alright , but i know that i 've aimed low and hence they are not much to be proud of . 
  i do n't see pride as a desirable trait anyway . 
   one day , you will look back at your `` comfort zone years '' and ask , `` why did n't i try harder ? 
  why did n't i push myself ? 
  why did n't i reach my full potential ? '', 
  and believe me , that day will hurt like hell . 
  it will , undoubtedly . 
  but i know that if i was to relive my life again , i would do almost everything the exact same way . 
  i have failed too often at various things throughout my life for it to make sense for me to aim high . 
  i have developed an unhealthy relationship towards failure , so i do my best to avoid it . 
  i consider it a pragmatic approach - sacrifice some desires in life for a better overall sense of contentment . 
   i know a guy who just is n't cut out for women . 
  he makes good money and would normally be able to date hotter women except for the genetic lottery . 
  he knows he will never be able to attract the kind of women that he wants to be with , and he 's resigned himself to just not be with women . 
  that 's me in a nutshell - except for the making good money bit . 
   the thing is , your attempt to avoid it is merely an illusion . 
  you have immersed yourself in failure , and have become comfortable in it . 
  the very idea of setting your goals low is failing . 
  and failing hard . 
  you 're not telling me anything i do n't already know , yet refuse to acknowledge . 
   sorry , but i do n't buy this smokescreen . 
  it 's laziness , pure and simple . 
  this is just another deception . 
  you have convinced yourself that by being lazy , you are actually doing the right thing . 
  ok , you 're starting to scare me slightly by how accurately you 're describing my character . 
  i still consider it an overall pragmatic approach though , considering the confines of the situation i find myself in . 
   in any case , i do n't know you or your background , and i 'm not here to bash . 
  all i know is that this is a horrible , self-desstructive attitude towards life that results in heavy depression or suicide down the line , no matter how much you try to convince yourself that this is the right thing to do . 
  i know what i 'm doing is n't the `` right '' thing to do . 
  if it was , i would n't be in the 3rd year of my battle with depression . 
  look , i appreciate your concern . 
  evidently i have problems that go far beyond not wanting to date or be in a relationship . 
  but at the moment , i see no alternative to the state i 've dug myself into - i just have to wait and see if i can ever come up with a viable solution . 
  i 'm the only one who can do that unfortunately , as i know myself best . 
  even when i was describing my situation a few comments back , i was putting up smokescreens ( which you saw through ) - which does n't even make any sense , since i 'm on the internet and should n't need to do that . 
  but who really wants to see and hear chewed food churning about in somebody 's mouth ? 
  it may be a tradition where they come from ( and a very strange one at that ) , but people should respect local customs and decency standards when abroad . 
  it 's not about abnormality , it 's about the act being annoying . 
   i choose to put women ahead of men . 
  that sounds like sexism to me - maybe that 's why you 're being downvoted ? 
  have you been to srs ?!,
