  still though , the amount of anti-teacher sentiment in this thread is unnerving to say the least . 
  caring about your bloodline is childish . 
  are you really that pathetic that you try to siphon pride from the achievements of others ? 
  caring about a bloodline is for people with no achievements of their own . 
  he 's being downvoted for pretending to be a tough guy . 
   community service hours, 
   to graduate, 
  what the hell , america ? 
  yeah , but that 's a policy that 's going nowhere fast . 
  christ . 
  all you had to do to finish secondary school in ireland is sit exams . 
  you did n't even have to pass them . 
   women must remain dry as a bone and glare disapprovingly at their partners . 
  well , i imagine there are people who get off on that sort of thing . 
   install browser plug-ins like https everywhere , noscript ( malicious javascript is used to track and attack people ) , requestpolicy etc. 
  first of all , i did n't know you could install https manually . 
  also , i did n't know that would work on sites that were n't designed for it by default . 
  learn something new every day . 
  regarding noscript , will that impact on internet browsing to any significant degree ? 
  i 've heard from some people that use the plug-in that it can be irritating at times . 
  finally , is there any other plug-ins you 'd recommend on top of the ones you mentioned ? 
  go on ... 
   decorated warriors, 
   very productive members of society, 
   i 'm going down a similar path, 
  this has got to a troll . 
  nobody is this moronic . 
  regarding the blockers ; which is better ? 
  adblock or adblock plus ? 
  also , will flashblock not causing internet usability issues ? 
  sounds like a waste of time . 
  that 's not how reddit works , bro . 
   it 's not worth maintaining, 
  why not ? 
   not wanting to be untainted and pure, 
  but that would make you impure too . 
  the most powerful wizards are those that not only never had sex , but abstained from the masturbatory arts too . 
  the entire tone of the show was way too pro-censorship for my liking . 
  calm down - we 're not greek . 
  what type of sjw shit was being posted ? 
  well ... not any more . 
  i somehow doubt that 's going to happen . 
  christmas for anime fans tends to be an excuse to dress cute girls up in red and white . 
  well , i have roommates but i 'm good enough friends with them that they do n't give a shit what i have on my desktop . 
  personally these particular wallpapers are n't to my tastes , but i have plenty other anime wallpapers that i make no attempt to hide . 
  why do you have to be so negative ? 
  and why do you care so much what other people think of you ? 
   me and my friends watch normal anime but here it seems all fanservice and bullshit so are you all 13 year old boys or something ? 
  the irony of making this statement while attempting to call other people immature . 
  did you actually expect to see any ? 
  well , nobody said it had to be practical . 
  clothing in anime rarely is . 
  the colour red ? 
  thus the waiting begins . 
  same here . 
  but i 've found that the software has its favourites and the same ones are constantly coming up in quick succession . 
  your understanding of sfw must be very rigid . 
  that or your workplace is depressingly strict . 
  a lot of men do n't like being associated with the term `` feminist '' though . 
  same goes for a large number of women these days . 
  i 'm using the same as you - sorry if i was ambiguous . 
  but yeah , even with shuffle on , the program has its favourites . 
  i ca n't tell if you 're agreeing with me or criticising me ... 
  damn right !, 
  their brown sauce is also the best money can buy . 
  i 'm not seeing how that 's a problem . 
  you 'll have the league of ireland fans ( or whatever it 's called now ) down on top of you like a ton of bricks . 
  people who like a bit of t&a in their anime are automatically perverts ? 
  but did n't the main method for getting past the panda become unusable or something there a couple of months ago ? 
  or am i thinking of something else ? 
  i have n't seen a sp thread on / a / in a while . 
   fanservice is a major plot point in kill la kill . 
  i think when the t&a is legitimately tied to the plot , you ca n't really criticise the the show for having too much of it . 
  otherwise you 're calling the show 's plot problematic too , which is an entirely different kettle of fish . 
  just my two cents . 
  well i 'm not going to argue with you there . 
  i adore klk , but i 'll admit that it 's not for everybody . 
  and most of the problems people have with the show do indeed stem from things relating to its plot , which is weird as fuck . 
  ha , i do n't tend to care what my friends think about the media i consume . 
  hell , back when the hype for klk was at its max , i showed it to two of my roommates who had no interest in anime . 
  their reactions were hilarious . 
  why ignore it when you can embrace it ? 
  like , nudity is a pretty damn important concept in klk . 
  well , the girls und panzer fanbase did n't want you anyway !, 
   but when the average person has to be warned prior to the show about it and told how to watch it it 's objectively bad . 
  well they 're not the kind of people who should be watching the show in the first place then . 
  different strokes for different folks and all that . 
  it does n't make the show objectively bad . 
  i just tried there and i ca n't get in . 
  then again , i have n't been there in ages so my method of access is probably outdated . 
  i wish somebody could explain all that nudity in gunbuster though . 
  like , i usually have no problem with fanservice , but i just felt that most of the nudity in gunbuster stood out like a sore thumb . 
  good old japan !, 
  as somebody who dislikes unnecessary public displays of affection , i think they 've got it right in that regard at least . 
  still waiting on subs for seitokai yakuindomo ova 10 ... 
  fanservice is n't objectively bad . 
  if it befits the tone of the show , i especially see no problem with it . 
   japanese/white people stand ins for everything . 
  well , anime * is * japanese . 
  and then there 's the cultural juggernaut that is western media .
