  completely agree . 
  that 's the one . 
  thanks very much !, 
  not entirely true . 
  they have an french official word for wifi , but it 's long and nobody uses it . 
  instead they call it wifi but pronounce it something like weefee . 
  this bint has lost the plot though . 
  and people accused me of using the slippery slope argument when i pointed this out ... 
  healy is only the most obvious representative of the idiots who are in charge of the future of electronic communication in ireland . 
   the rest of us should be kicking them back in to line . 
  i 'll just let that sit there . 
   i have an absolute axe to grind with the way religion is forced down our throats in this country . 
  oh , i could n't possibly have known !, 
  jesus christ , you people will bitch about absolutely * anything * ... 
   like i said to another comment , some people continue into adulthood believing this nonsense . 
  it 's nonsense to you , not to them . 
  your view of things in life is n't the only view . 
  / r/ireland is full of people who claim to be open-minded but are in fact very opposed to opinions that do n't match their own , which is hypocrisy at it 's finest . 
  but of course the irony is lost on them ... 
  i 'm talking about religion in general , not fucking rainbows . 
  / r/ireland in a nutshell . 
  seriously , this place is full of rabid atheists . 
  and i say that as a non-religious person myself . 
  i do n't think i need to - i 've no interest in engaging with some foaming-at-the-mouth atheist . 
  i was just pointing out that you were stating the obvious . 
  wow , your comments are becoming more and more / r/atheism by the minute . 
  this is like watching a trainwreck in slow motion . 
   i do n't blame you for bailing out . 
  i think you 're mistaking me for a religious person . 
  as i said , i 've nothing to gain from this . 
   why did n't you just ask me about my fedora ? 
  it 's a bit late at night to be wearing a fedora , lad . 
  they are sad people with an axe to grind - what do you expect ? 
  the internet is rife with people like that . 
  the fact that he 's a married man ( with children i think ) and making these sort of rants on the internet just makes the whole scenario considerably more sad . 
  i believe that goes without saying . 
   so you 're fine with the grip the church has on our education system , as a `` non religious person '', 
  let me put it in the clearest possible terms : i do n't give a shit . 
   enjoy your impending upvotes . 
  i think you mean downvotes . 
   you might care when it affects you . 
  it wo n't , believe me . 
   stop being an asshole to people who it does affect . 
  maybe you should stop being an asshole to religious people ? 
  what experience might that be exactly ? 
   like when looking at abortion you can see how it effects society negatively right ? 
  well personally i 'm opposed to abortion on demand , for non-religious reasons . 
  because it 's a very unique situation where that person has another person inside of them . 
   idiots harassing people over out of context quotes is something that the internet would be better without . 
  you 're no fun . 
  christ , you really do love ragging on about abortion . 
  that and how out of touch with technology our politicians are . 
  by online critics is she referring to us ? 
  or more prominent internet honchos ? 
  yeah , blame the system for the failings of the left ... 
  stupidity can often be mistaken for bravery . 
  what the greeks have done is woefully short-sighted . 
  they 'll get nothing at this rate . 
  does she even know what reddit is ? 
  another waste of public funds . 
  who is she referring to then ? 
  people on twitter ? 
  aw , i hoping she was coming here at night , seeing our `` mean comments '' , and crying herself to sleep . 
  well , they 're not exactly succeeding in europe at the moment , are they ? 
  i thought we were talking about the plight of the left in europe as a whole ? 
  the situation in greece is far bigger than any mere political ideologies . 
   but if people are abusing her online , she may have a point . 
  `` abusing '' . 
  that 's a pretty sexist and ignorant comment right there . 
  it does if it 's unilaterally branding all male players of a certain sport as `` pussies '' . 
  it 's unilaterally branding all male players of a certain sport as `` pussies '' . 
  i fail to see how it 's * not * sexist . 
  if the same was said about women , there would be uproar . 
   it is n't sexist to observe something that 's happening . 
  the guy i was replying to was n't just making an observation though . 
  his comment was practically saturated with scorn for male players . 
  i highly doubt that . 
  it 's a good phrase . 
  scaremongering at its finest . 
   a lot of people do n't really trust the young . 
  with good reason . 
  remotely delete data in ground bases but not on ships ? 
   if the covenant just rolled in and started glassing the planet then they would be vulnerable to a counterattack . 
  is n't it also true that on certain convenant vessels at least , using the glassing beam draws power from the energy shields making the ship vulnerable ? 
  very good points . 
   i will never have a twitter/facebook account . 
  yeah , i deleted my facebook account about 4 years ago , and i use twitter solely for the purpose of getting the news . 
  not true . 
  all characters , no matter how complex , will befit * some * archetypes/tropes . 
  that 's how characters work . 
  you 're only deluding yourself if you think otherwise . 
   you also should n't call people deluded just because you disagree with them . 
  i 'll call them deluded when they make objectively incorrect statements , which is what your original comment came across as . 
  consider it a breakdown in communication . 
  of all the character archetypes , kuudere is the one that hitagi fits best . 
  she does n't fit it * perfectly * , but her kuudere traits are far more dominant than her yandere or tsundere characteristics . 
  when a character has a dominant trait such as this , it 's not inaccurate to describe them as such . 
  well , they need to start acting like * civilised * settled people too . 
  i think acting civilised is far more important than actually being settled . 
  and similar to the roma , it 's a well earned reputation .
