  well ... 
  that does n't bode well . 
  yes ? 
  but since when has a woman ever been right ? 
  i wonder how they feel about ah-1 cobras ? 
  we 're surrounded by people barely older than teenagers . 
  really explains a lot ... 
  but it 's originally from 4chan . 
  the hind is too fat to be a pure attack helicopter . 
  it 's a jack of all trades . 
  ( yes , discrimination even exists amongst members of the attack helicopter gender ), 
  maybe the shinnerbots have the ability to answer a survey ? 
  the final anon is a fucking newfag . 
  everybody knows all / a/nons are cute little girls . 
   i 'm kind of delighted after that retarded thread the other day where irish women were being slagged into the ground , it was n't nice to read through !, 
  why was it retarded though ? 
  are irish men obliged to think irish women are all stunners ? 
  where are these incredibly attractive irish women hiding ? 
  yeah , it 's almost as bad as your anti-irish rhetoric . 
  you assume that the ira would actually fight isis head to head . 
  never really saw any during my time in college . 
  i feel like i missed out . 
  rule 2 ... 
   man you were all over that thread being an absolute spa , slagging women left right and centre, 
  i do n't believe i was actually insulting anybody . 
  i was just giving my opinion . 
  i saw no harm in having a frank discussion on the topic . 
  apparently some people though otherwise , lest people 's feelings get hurt . 
   frankly your judgemental attitude is probably to protect yourself from rejection . 
  bit of an assumption there , if i may say so . 
  i 'm pushing on 30 , and i ca n't remember a single time in my life where i 've had an interest in relationships and such . 
  i 'm not a romantic guy , and i do n't do commitment . 
  rejection is the least of my concerns . 
   i know plenty of lovely looking women and i 'm from the back arse of nowhere, 
  and that 's your opinion , based on your own standards and preferences . 
  my own lack of interest in dating women aside , i still feel my opinion on the aesthetic attractiveness of irish women to be as valid as anybody 's . 
  i 've been using the internet for over a decade now , and i 've never once assumed a person i 've interacted with online is attractive . 
   because you 're too old to be told ` if you have nothing nice to say , do n't say anything at all ' . 
  in life you have to take the good with the bad . 
  doubly so on the internet . 
   stick to your anime and games man, 
  do n't turn this place into a house of lies . 
  gaming society ? 
  but how is it accurate ? 
  do you know me ? 
  i said they looked like oompa loompas whenever i went out while at college . 
  it was accurate . 
  well , a lot of them have fierce notions about themselves when it comes to their looks , and going by some of the comments in this thread , irish men are enablers of these delusions . 
  why would the ira go to iraq or syria ? 
  probably on the supports/members of isis in ireland . 
  or just irish muslims in general . 
  i doubt the ira would be too picky . 
  very well put . 
  man , the people in this sub act like irish women are some protected species that require 24/7 protection from criticism . 
  it 's really worrying how this subreddit refuses to let people have opinions that disagree with the majority 's consensus . 
  why do you assume it would be stupid ? 
  i fail to see what it says about me other than i do n't consider irish women attractive . 
  ... do you know anything about ireland at all ? 
  i do n't think there 's any irish people over 150 years old . 
   implying sex is the only thing that makes life worth living, 
  you 're no better than an animal if that 's the case . 
  a wizard with 17 years of experience no less . 
  his power must be immense !, 
  is n't mgs4 kinda shit though ? 
  the aug ? 
  great gun , but we 're still using a very dated version of it . 
  that 's a shitty attitude . 
  if shannon closed , it would be a huge economic loss to north munster and the counties west of the shannon . 
  more like a tiny one that is so far down the priority list it would be a real surprise if it was even considered a target . 
  we used to have a few ; the old vampires . 
  even though i 'd love this , the uk does n't actually have that many outdated/surplus jets it could pawn off on us . 
   is shannon too big to fail ? 
  many people would argue so , yes . 
  it would leave the west of the country without a major airport ( knock does n't count ) . 
   they hate knackers, 
  i think the hatred of knackers ( both of the traveler and non-traveler variety ) tends to have different origins to be fair . 
   without us getting blood on our hands by facilitating military strikes and torture . 
  oh feck off with that shitty rhetoric . 
   which is why the upgrade it 's getting is long overdue, 
  oh , i was n't aware the irish army was having it updated . 
  have you any details on what the upgrade entails ? 
  actually surprised this took so long to be posted here considering that it was on / a / over a month ago . 
  i do n't have a narrative . 
  i do n't care who or what flies through shannon . 
  and i do n't consider myself a strict pacifist , so i have no problems with military hardware and personnel stopping-over at shannon while refueling . 
  we achieve nothing by getting our knickers in a twist by an airport being used as an airport . 
  oh yeah , i forgot that the original aug had no rail . 
  are they upgrading the existing augs , or are they buying brand new models from steyr ? 
   it 's supposed to be a civilian airport, 
  when the us military planes land at shannon , they are there to refuel/stopover . 
  that 's it . 
  they are not technically there in a military capacity . 
  they are largely treated like any other commercial flight that lands at shannon ( certain security/priority procedures are in place of course , but that 's not unique to the us military flights ) . 
  if we are to restrict the us military 's access to shannon based on some sense of morality , i feel that we would have to start examining the intentions of all cargo and people that pass through our airports to ensure they are not contributing to anything a subset of irish society deems immoral . 
   they 're keeping the old sights for ceremonial use though, 
  interesting . 
  do the new sights look rather different ? 
  i thought the sights on the aug were always black , no ? 
   claims to be a normie, 
   is on / r/4chan,
