  and i say that as a huge hurling fan . 
  gaelic football , 2 . 
  hurling . 
  how did truth find out about earth before regret then ? 
   sexism, 
  * sure ... *, 
  and ? 
  why ? 
  because they hurt your delicate sensibilities ? 
  sjw pls leave . 
  looks like a grenade launcher to me . 
  possibly firing the same ammo as the m319 grenade launcher . 
  quit trying to turn 4chan ( and by extension , / r/4chan ) into another sjw haven . 
  no doubt / r/ireland will condone this act of criminality . 
  may i ask why you think the fact he got heckled is in * any * way a good thing ? 
   what good does it do ? 
  what harm does it do ? 
  why should we self-censor on the off-chance that some lunatics will overreact ? 
  and you think letting them hold our lives to ransom is a good way of reacting to said lunatics ? 
  giving them the attention and power they crave ? 
  why would anybody do that unless they were were an absolute tool ? 
  well then we 'll be forced to assume that it 's a bullshit reason . 
  learn to read . 
  how am i being hypocritical ? 
  and could n't be making my points clearer - that 's on you . 
  how sweaty and sticky are we talking about here ? 
  ah sure we 'll rent a bus . 
  why does n't it hold water ? 
  so you 're saying women are only tangentially responsible ? 
  i dunno man ... your logic seems off . 
  [ called it . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/halostory/comments/3mv3ed/hunt_the_truth_s2_ep02_from_fire_to_blood/cviife9 ), 
  it 's not rhetoric if we literally have photographic evidence . 
  to be fair , i have never heard of anybody making any more than a marginal profit on the j1 . 
  your scoffing and childish reply to the assertion that only the wealthy go on j1s . 
  while that 's not entirely true , you would want to have some finances built up before going on one . 
  nooooo , my saved waifu threads !, 
   and it is a beautiful city, 
  have you seen dublin from the air ? 
  it 's fucking hideous !, 
  343i finally realises that not every spartan prior to the events of halo ce wore the chief 's mk.vi mjolnir armor . 
  cautiously optimistic overall about this one . 
  that said , even while keeping their links in mind , young halsey sounds far too much like cortana . 
   posting pepes, 
   on / pol /, 
  oh my sweet summer child ... 
   she got a 2:1 , did a master 's , did extra-curricular work . 
  what more are you meant to do ? 
  i dunno , but i spent college sitting in my room playing video games and drinking . 
  did just enough to get by during the year and crammed for exams , and it all panned out pretty okay . 
  you 'd have to be pretty damn naive to believe that there 's only one road to success . 
   most teenagers should be able to decipher what a good career path looks like and what qualifications/degrees they require . 
  you clearly do n't know very many teenagers . 
  but if they 're broke they ai n't exactly gon na be happy , right ? 
  wrong guy . 
  that 's why i said `` even while keeping their links in mind '' . 
  i just find the dissonance in hearing cortana 's voice come from somebody who is n't cortana to be jarring . 
  where did i imply it did n't ? 
  look at the chest plates - that 's classic mk.iv . 
  good for you . 
  you 're most very welcome . 
  which if you follow the timeline in halo ce especially , there are quite a few . 
  why ? 
  ... are you blind ? 
   because you never look at pelicans in the game . 
  speak for yourself . 
  i actually look around in-game . 
  so you 're telling me what i ca n't see now ? 
  just because you lack perception does n't mean everybody else does . 
  anybody with a working pair of eyes can see the differences . 
  i stand by my earlier assertion that your must me blind, 
  good to hear ... well , except for the whole being blind thing but i 'm sure you 're cool with that by now . 
  all the best !, 
  i feel physically ill after reading some of that . 
  at this rate they will spend the rest of their life in that cardboard & tent city . 
  ah yes , france - so impoverished and dangerous . 
  jesus , some of those scenes make him look like a wizard who can make the ball do his bidding . 
  that 's how you get a royal family . 
  well , if it worked it would be pretty brilliant . 
  that 's the thing though - somebody in / r/halo stated a `` leaked '' plot detail that * seemed * credible , but i 've no idea whether it is or not . 
  it 's driving me mad !, 
  that said , even if it 's illegitimate , it was enough to spook me . 
  other than / r/halostory i 'm not interacting with any other halo communities for another 2 weeks . 
   but they really just work for anyone . 
  getting paid in that sweet sweet yeast . 
   i really hope vale does a lot of interaction with the sangheili . 
  pity we wo n't actually get to hear her speak sangheili though due to the elites now speaking english . 
  to be fair , if you want to learn about feminism , asking a modern feminist is n't a good place to start . 
  a lot of justified too . 
  op knew what he was getting in for - he would n't have asked otherwise . 
   no , just basic ignorance . 
  that 's nice of you to dismiss the experiences of thousands of people around the country . 
  if anything , you 're the one being ignorant . 
  most people do n't blindly hate travellers . 
  in my experience at least , they usually have a very good reason for their general distrust of them . 
  bad analogy . 
  if you want it to be accurate , you 'd have to say that almost every black guy you 've ever met has short changed you . 
  the guys who defend travellers on / r/ireland usually assume that we 're all making up these `` true experiences '' . 
  that does n't surprise me in the slightest . 
   they assess whether to continue or abandon the plans according to the will of the people ?
