  and ? 
  but women can attend those too . 
   i only ever see you piss and moan about the same and anything really that represents change . 
  because i 'm not a `` progressive '' who supports anything that is seen as change because not all change is good . 
   i feel uncomfortable around most male programmers , and i 'm a dude . 
  that sounds more like a personal problem on your end than anything else . 
   but they 're only restricted because there is a serious imbalance in this industry . 
  so we should promote equality by actively discriminating ? 
  why did you downvote me for clarifying my viewpoint ? 
  yes , but i fail to see how that 's relevant . 
  you have to be adaptable in whatever career you go into . 
  it 's perfectly fine to make a coding event aimed at women , but you ca n't bar men from freely attending because that 's discrimination ( although how they 're going to enforce their `` accompanied by a woman '' rule is beyond me ) . 
  my apologies in that case . 
  just getting a bit irritated with people using the downvote button as a disagree button . 
  / r/ireland is one of the worst subs for doing it . 
  i do n't follow . 
  is it not natural to take issue with discrimination ? 
  is it not actively encouraged to counter it wherever we see it in modern society ? 
  that does n't happen . 
  name such an event . 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  that said , i do n't condone that form of discrimination either . 
  i would have zero problem with female clergy ( god knows the catholic church is gon na need it in the long run ) . 
  who would n't ? 
  one option saves you money , the other costs you money . 
   this is just an informal grouping of women who want to filter out creeps . 
  and all men are assumed to be creeps by default ? 
  i fall to see why gender ratios at an event that 's open to all is an issue . 
  but by blocking access to all men unless * accompanied * by a woman is implying that all men on their own are creeps . 
  i 've thought about it plenty . 
  nice cop out . 
  his voice is godly . 
  i fail to see how it 's not . 
  did you not say that one of the reasons such an event might exist is to keep out the creeps ? 
  and yet it 's not a `` no creeps '' policy they have , but no a unaccompanied men one . 
  it 's discrimination either way . 
  and millions more did n't . 
   `` ayy , there 's a big bad evil forerunner that i woke up , let 's go deal with him and fix cortana . '', 
  oh god , that 's wonderful . 
  i do n't have that kind of money to be throwing around on futile court cases . 
  but i have no problem with the marriage equality bill being passed , so it 's irrelevant anyway . 
  first i 've heard of it . 
  you 're a good example of why the inevitable abortion debate in ireland is gon na be vicious . 
  you hate anybody who holds an opinion that is n't your own on the matter and will most likely label them `` backwards '' and `` misogynistic '' instead of accepting that some people have different beliefs to your own . 
  and as regularly happens in / r/ireland , i will get downvoted for pointing out this factual observation . 
   it 's called a condom . 
  and for women it 's called the pill ( or one of the other forms of female contraceptive ) . 
   if your opinion is immoral , as the anti-choice opinion is , then you should n't be surprised to be labelled backwards or misogynistic . 
  i think killing a fetus is immoral . 
  your morals are n't superior to mine on a matter such as this just because you say so . 
   morality is `` because god says so . '', 
  you have absolutely no idea what morality is , do you ? 
  why ? 
  why is he ? 
  so you 're saying morality is irrelevant ? 
  i think you 'll find it 's very closely tied to ethics . 
  regardless , my point was that morality is n't inherently tied to religion like you implied it was . 
   to place the rights of a person in potentia over those of an actual person is abhorrent and wicked . 
  right to life  right to use abortion as a means of birth control . 
  i 'm perfectly fine with abortion in cases of rape and danger to the mother 's life , but i 'm strongly opposed to abortion on demand . 
  it 's being used as a form of birth control if it prevents the birth of a child as a result of sex . 
  just like the morning after pill . 
  the only difference is time . 
  of course , cases of rape , danger to the mother 's life , or severe medical complications for the child make this justifiable . 
  otherwise it just enables irresponsibility . 
  i fail to see how . 
  would you mind explaining how i hate women ? 
  i 'd just * love * to know . 
  ireland were sloppy at times . 
  while always confident that we would win by a large margin , i felt the romanian try was inevitable . 
  the mother should know that when she has sex she runs the risk of having a child . 
  contraceptives exist for a reason . 
  sure they fail occasionally , but the risk is very slim . 
  if you still do n't want to take that risk , do n't have sex . 
  this is very simple stuff . 
  and there we go - dismissing the opinions you do n't agree with by convincing yourself that the people who hold them are simply bigots and not worthy of your time . 
  must be fun , self-congratulatory way to live life . 
  i 'm no misogynist - in fact i 'm the opposite . 
  if contraceptives are the only way men can minimise the chance of becoming a father , then it should be the same for women with regard to becoming a mother . 
  why should they get a free pass and be allowed to kill another ( actual or potential - depending on the circumstances ) human being ? 
  have fun in your bubble . 
  and every time you try to campaign for abortion remember that there millions of people like myself who believe that your opinion on abortion is inherently immoral . 
  because , hey , that 's the fun thing about morals - they 're subjective !, 
  except when it comes to things like murder - which you are condoning . 
  how immoral of you ... 
  enjoy !, 
  are you 12 ? 
  i always wondered why he did n't make an appearance while cortana was on infinity . 
  as somebody not familiar with his early years , would he previously have been known for being selfish ? 
  huh , til . 
  what 's the source on that ? 
  again , are you 12 ? 
  bisko ? 
  and ? 
  so , just like / r/ireland ? 
  how so ? 
  actually it 's doing fine now . 
   india, 
  this still bothers me . 
  must we have a thread on this subject every week ?
