jokes can very easily be stupid and funny . 
  stupidity is like the basis for most humour . 
  as / u/warch linked [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2266h7/dependency_of_eu_countries_on_russian_gas/cgjsl35 ) 52 % of russia 's budget is reliant on hydrocarbon 's , and 56 % of that is gas , so if the eu were cut off on gas alone , russia would see an instant loss of around 25 % of it 's entire budget . 
  and on top of that , ~ 80 % of their crude oil exports are europe bound . 
  i think that they probably need europe 's money more than europe needs their products . 
  and how much of russia 's gas sales are reliant on european buyers ? 
  probably a pretty short list . 
  like this https://youtu.be/tmfsfq0rwh0?t=31s, 
  who is running saab this year btw ? 
  i do n't think that 's fair i 've spent time in jyvaskyla , tampere , and kuopio . 
  and they are all nice places , summer and winter . 
   yes , it does . 
  if other religions do it , then it 's not or no longer a muslim practice . 
  i would have went with judaism and circumcision for the example , all of america pretty much does it , also places that have had large american influence like the philippines , and also all of islam does it . 
  but no one could rightfully argue that circumcision is not a jewish practice . 
  in.greek.they.went.through.many.different.ways.of.separating.words.they.called.this.the.interpunct . 
  ( they actually used more than just a single type of dot for different things , the comma comes from their symbol `` hypodiastole '' ) butbecausetheyhadvowelsitwaseasiertounderstandwithoutanyworddividerthanolderlanguages sothatledtoscriptiocontinua ( i used capital letters cause that 's awful to read , latin copied the greek style in around the second century . ), 
  then there is the story that irish monks invented the space between words when copying a bible , there wasa til about this a while ago on the front page , linking to a bbc article , but it 's gone because it 's very possibly a myth . 
  but regardless of who or where it started , it was around the 6th-8th century , in latin ( bibles ) . 
  and since we use the latin alphabet it in most of our european languages it was copied too . 
  the anti-gay marriage crowd instantly swapped their youtube adverts to pro-life adverts like the day after the referendum . 
  they 're certainly very proactive . 
  i understand that a party rarely gets into power with a simple 51 + % vote . 
  but like i said i believe he was talking about being elected , saying half of germany as a euphemism for winning an election . 
  while not accurate it 's a lot less long winded then going to the exact figures . 
  but i suppose it 's simpler to fight over semantics than to just use common sense, 
  northern ireland is small geographically , but belfast is the 2nd most populous city on the island , and derry is the 4th . 
  and it has twice the population density of the republic . 
  they fit 1.8 million people in there , while we sit with just 4.5 million . 
  so i took a look at the squad ( 31 players ) , and there are 5 players born in northern ireland , two from new zealand , one from south africa , one from israel , and one from spain . 
  the other 21 from the republic . 
  debates are n't for finding solutions to problems , they are to disseminate different perspective to the audience . 
  being able to defend your position well means you at least understand yourself and what you mean , i can be impressed by someone debating well , even if i do n't agree with them and the strength of their argument can still broaden ones view without changing it . 
  i thought scotland 's national animal was the wild haggis . 
  i thought only panserbj\u00f8rne lived up there . 
  this was a really great debate thanks for sharing it op , a great deal of our politicians are just bumbling fools , thats why our taoiseach ( prime minister ) literally ca n't take part in debates . 
  i could claim to be a lot of things from my electives if that 's the case . 
  santa claus ? 
  in norway ? 
  i 've been to the santa village , i 've seen him arrive in person on the 24th of december , and it was all in finland . 
  what is norway 's claim ? 
  i believe he 's talking about the fact merkel was elected . 
  that was fucking hilariously metal . 
  are you hungry or not ? 
  these jealous landlocked priests over here . 
  i 'd imagine it may have something to do with [ this story ] ( https://www.google.ie/search?q=german+schools+order+girls+not+to+wear+mini+skirts+%26+shorts&amp;oq=german+schools+order+girls+not+to+wear+mini+skirts+%26+shorts&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;es_sm=122&amp;ie=utf-8 ), 
  wan na talk about who came across as a wanker ? 
  but yeah you argued well how royalty does n't limit equality . 
  really good job there . 
  i mean i do n't think there is anything wrong with hungary but you really just tried to come in there trying to be a smart ass for no reason . 
  / u/trucidator and i spoke at length completely disagreeing with each other , hell i even upvoted him cause he made his argument well , and we did n't have to stoop down to what you did . 
  so i do n't know why it bothered you so much . 
  you must have a real rager for queen liz i guess , she must really flip all your switches . 
  only when i see what side of europe i live on . 
   good for you , but there is no potential for you to become royalty beyond marriage . 
  it 's not a part of my society or a recipient of my taxes . 
  i 'm saying that i find it morally objectionable , and i do n't find those in need getting tax money morally objectionable . 
  i do n't think that handicapped people having money to pay for care is the same as a perfectly healthy family being wealthy and living in palaces being publicly funded . 
  you wo n't change my mind on the issues i have with the very basic concept of royalty . 
  or on issues of nepotism in any other form . 
  certainly not by arguing they are a good investment . 
  they may bring in more money than they cost , but that does n't change anything to do with me finding the very concept of royalty repugnant . 
  good for you , but there is no potential for you to become royalty beyond marriage . 
  state funding going to a family based on birth and not on any sense of merit . 
  those are n't things that are equal or i could ever think to endorse . 
  the equality i feel , from being part of a republic , is worth more to me than the potential marketing value of a monarchy . 
  besides we have the st. patrick 's day for that . 
  of course , but they have state funding , so my opinion remains the same . 
  i do n't think there is anything modern about a god given right to rule or inheriting a position of power . 
  so we will have to agree to disagree there . 
  maybe you 're right , but i think any sort of questionable behaviour or history being linked to the top sport is something that elizabeth would rather avoid . 
  that would include what we both said . 
  i mean the monarchy is a rather outdated concept to begin with , limiting reasons for the common folk to dislike it is probably a safe play . 
  i always sort of imagined charles would abdicate immediately to william anyway , vastly more popular couple . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's because of the entire diana divorce and that he cheated on her during their marriage with his current wife ( who has catholic children , and was previously married in a catholic ceremony ) . 
  catholicism getting into royalty probably is n't a very popular thought among the gentry . 
  ha , reading and alcohol , good one . 
  that 's okay in finland they eat dessert that looks like kakka, 
  i 'm sorry to tell you this , when i was in finland they would read the estonian on back of products and just laugh at it . 
  our open trade and movement agreements are separate from eu ones though are n't they ? 
  i mean it could potentially work very well for us as a go between for the eu and uk, 
  it 's probably a lot easier to get into sweden then finland , and may face less difficulty attaining refugee status there too . 
  you can live your life seeking out things to offend you , or you could brush off a joke when you see one . 
  i think the latter is a much better option but if you want to be a victim feel free . 
  i would have hoped all europeans would have been able to agree on what is a joke , just like trying to get one unifying agreement beyond the realms of `` the sky is blue '' is a joke . 
  all it really means is i saw the question , and thought what would be a some what funny answer that would perpetuate a circle jerk , and give me that sweet sweet karma . 
  i got nothing against american people at all , you 're a lovely crowd , if a bit over enthusiastic . 
  at least we 're not american, 
  the one language the finns can pick on . 
  get with the program germany jeez , legalizing gay marriage is so last week . 
  there were lots of boos for them , the hosts even reiterated that it was about the music and not politics , and the tv commentator said they were specifically told before hand not to boo as well . 
  sauna of course . 
  but really here washer/dryers are pretty damn common . 
  a lot of home do n't have room for them seperate , but if they do they have them too . 
  it says there that it 's only red cause you gave up trying to do orange . 
  i thought we had a joke together to constantly confuse people whether it 's dark orange or bright red . 
  'cause you 're calling it a kingdom , the only kingdom we 're partially comfortable with is kerry . 
  being capable of speaking for years is hardly a proclamation of authority . 
  the vast majority of people have been saying things for years , decades even . 
  there is at least one in the north , i think our national skaters have to use it , which is n't an ideal situation .
