  it 's hard to be a succesfull secular party , when people will quickly associate you with brutal dictators and regimes . 
  hyper ethnic nationalism will do this to you ... 
  lmao !, 
  good job !, 
  forgot about this , yeah . 
  thanks !, 
  still though i do stand by my other comment in this thread , if it would n't be erdogan , then it would have been someone else, 
  indeed . 
  they failed completely , especially after the death of nasser . 
  and they were n't even true secularists , just dictators gladly shaking hands with extremists and/or promoting people from their sect . 
  '' secularism '' was just a talking point to be able to attack opposition , by saying they are extremists and to please the west . 
  saddam , sedat , assad , sissi ... etc none of them were or are secular . 
  just dictators . 
  it 's because of these people that secularism has a bad reputation in the region , and why should n't it , most '' secular '' regimes were nothing but military dictatorships . 
  and people wonder why arabs do n't vote for secularist parties ( going to get downvoted to hell for this ) . 
  why should they , when to them '' secularism '' reminds of only dictatorships , opression and police states . 
  it 's just a counter-reaction . 
  in iran it is the other way around . 
  the failure of the regime push people to secularism and a desire to remove the clergy from politics , perhaps though , not a european style of secularism , but rather an american one , where religion still plays part in politics , but where the religious institution is removed . 
  they wo n't , things are different here . 
  in iran there 's a very careful power balance going on . 
  the supreme leader , is balancing a lot of players , making sure no one gets to much power . 
  erdogan does n't want that , he wants absolute power for himself , not even for all of akp . 
  if this trajectory will go on , turkey will be more like russia rather than iran . 
  it was the same in iran . 
  the shah 's prison 's were full of socialists , communists , other left-wing people , also plenty of right-wing republicans . 
  all the while rasfanjani was preaching without problems inside the country . 
  the shah left them alone as long as they spoke against the communists . 
  that 's why the mullahs took over so quickly , the iraqi war also helped though , there was no opposition left , the shah had killed it . 
  another one would have appeared . 
  erdogan is the symptom not the cause . 
  the disastrous economic policies of the 90 's are the main cause . 
  the established parties failed . 
  also the 80 's coup , the '' secular '' military , romanticized here , gladly shook hands with the islamists then . 
  what leftists ? 
  the center-right wing ruled turkey then . 
  economic collapse in the 90 's . 
  the '' secular '' establishment could n't fix things . 
  erdogan was seen as anti-establishment . 
  running on a anti-corruption platform ... etc he was moderating himself greatly back then to , at least compared to now . 
  a typical populist in my opinion . 
  edit : also he did n't '' win '' akp got something like 33 % of votes , but because of the voting system ( fptp ) they got a majority in the parliament . 
  that 's what he did ... 
  he agreed with cameron and the tories on more things then he did with labour . 
  so he voted for them . 
  is n't this how voting goes ? 
  i actually had a very interesting conversation with a pakistani friend of mine while i lived in the uk about this . 
  he was very angry that he was '' pushed '' by his brother mostly to vote labour . 
  he told this to me once : '' i told him i vote labour , but i voted tory in the elections '' he was very annoyed that people were pushing him , or assumed he was a labour voter , just because of his ethnicity/religion . 
  he told me once : '' why do i need to be a left-winger ? 
  why ca n't i be a center-right conservative like half the country '' to be completely fair , he voted so only because of cameron . 
  last time i spoke with him , he said he dislikes may and he 'll vote lib as a protest vote . 
  heh , interesting name . 
  funny how they found a word to mean something in both dutch and turkish . 
   they do a lot of work with providing shelter and food for the very poor . 
  ours does n't even bother . 
  they pocket all the money for themselves . 
  of course they do but they did n't get that much money by being generous or fair with it . 
  how 's the orthodox church in greece ? 
  do n't know much about it . 
  it 's made so big so the top clergy can steal the funds . 
  it is , i have nothing against it . 
  i 'm against the state funding it . 
  let the church build it with donations and such , and if they do n't have enough money , well perhaps they should n't make the dome out of solid gold ... 
  they 're just criminals . 
  they make propaganda for psd , our '' '' left-wing '' '' party . 
  in 2014 they said we should n't vote for iohannis because he is a '' foreigner '' and a protestant and they are n't real christians . 
  they sold '' holy icons '' and on the backside there were pictures with the leader of psd and it wrote '' vote psd/victor ponta '' i think their actually learning from yours to be honest . 
  they started the whole anti-gay propaganda recently . 
  they even gathered signatures for a referendum . 
  my problem is the way they did . 
  my local priest did n't tell my aunt what it was and said if she does n't sign she should n't come again to the church . 
  and i live in a fairly decent city , i do n't want to imagine how it is in the rural areas . 
  all of us , sadly . 
  a waste of money . 
  the corrupt church does n't deserve this , they do nothing but steal and do propaganda for the government . 
  all that money could go to healthcare or education or infrastructure , if we do n't build that highway trough the mountains will lose jobs and investments . 
  but hey , long-term economic development projects do n't get you votes ... 
  it is . 
  he was neck in neck with vvd in the polls . 
  now vvd beat him pretty easy and d66 and cda did decent as well . 
  what are the reasons ? 
  edit : thanks for all the replies !, 
  have to love crazy nationalists ( erdogan took a hard turn towards nationalism recently , to both get votes and justify the dictatorship ) they deport cows . 
  they run a bulldozer over turkeys ... all this to look '' strong '', 
  that 's what i get for posting on reddit at work ... 
  thanks, 
  he broke the brakes a long time ago ... 
  there 's no stopping this train , sadly . 
  this always amuses me a bit . 
  burka does n't really exist anywhere outside afghanistan . 
  when people refer to '' burka '' they usually mean the saudi niqab . 
  when i told my british friends that corbyn will harm labour and give the elections to the tories , they yelled at me . 
  feels a bit nice to be vindicated, 
  you went a little bit to far , last time you had the congo . 
  it 's only your fault you lost it . 
  should have been better at hiding your genocide , like all the other empires . 
   in saudi arabia half the royal family has like 10 wives ironic , because islam prohibits more then 4 but i guess give enough money to an iman and he wo n't care about the scripts anymore . 
  same here in romania . 
  normal cigarettes are very common in high schools .
