  wait until you see sudanese women , they beat their husbands in the open ... had a sudanese friend who told how the family next door was arguing , and they heard screams , they went to help , thinking the husband is beating his wife or something , they found him crawling and running away as she threw plates and other stuff at him . 
  she found out he was cheating . 
   we thank you for your service sir . 
  did n't know we have ww2 veterans here . 
  this is obviously an immigrant , native germans could n't create this level of banter . 
  if they 're 2nd class citizens with no right to vote ? 
  yes . 
  eh you see these things all throughout history . 
  nasser in egypt had both us and soviet support ... hafez al-assad too had good relations with both . 
  though i have my doubts that those girls are '' amateurs '' ... what 's up with all the orgies , btw ? 
  ok , seriously now . 
  i know some generic stuff , like good beer . . etc and a bit of history , bohemia , hre , communist times , soviet invasion ... etc as i said , i know some general stuff , but not much in detail . 
  what, 
  this has nothing to do with policy really . 
  i think holland was a terrible president but i do n't really hate him as a person . 
  same here . 
  a nice gesture that i find funny/kind . 
  at least that 's how i see things . 
  lol . 
  that 's kinda cute ... 
  story ? 
  your government did . 
  the average man/woman in silesia , working to feed their family had nothing to do with the genocide . 
  our german minority was ethnically cleansed by the soviets . 
  my grandmothers family , who died in labour camps in siberia , never took part in any genocide or massacre , neither did the rest of the germans in transylvania who were ethnically cleansed by the communists . 
  this double standard needs to end , in my opinion . 
  the way some people try to justify the ethnic cleansing of germans in eastern europe is simply disgusting . 
  i did walk into this one ... 
  here 's your upvote , now get out . 
  may is just horrible . 
  this will be a lovely comment section ... 
  he is not wrong ... . god i love memri , i have no idea where they even find these imams or '' scholars '' . . 
  i love the pretty diverse representation in the guests as well . 
  from the far-left mullah who said '' please address joseph stalin with the title of '' sheik '' . '', 
  to the far-right '' hitler killed the jews in self defense '' and even libertarians are represented there . 
  a guy said once '' if a man is strong enough , the state has no business in telling him that slaves are legal or illegal '', 
  it 's memri tv they invite all kind of crazy dudes there . 
  it 's owned by some israelis i believe it 's absolute meme worthy . 
  some golden moments include : that time they invited a believer in '' ancient egyptian identity '' , a guy came dressed in ancient egyptian clothes and started arguing that egyptians are not arabs , that mohammed was egyptian and islam was born there . 
  another guy saying '' by allah this individual is even worse then the jews he is - may allah forgive me for uttering this word - an albanian '' or that time a guy beat the reporter . 
  he did n't know jews owned the post and went nuts and hit the women interviewing him . 
  some dudes stopped him : '' ahmed , shame on you for hitting a women !, 
  '' , he answered '' she is egyptian ! '', 
  but my favourite is the cooking show . 
  a dude cooks traditional arab food and people call him to fuck around . 
  a famous caller asked '' bilal , is the dough made with milk of pregnant wahhabi women ? '' . 
  poor guy went nuts and started cursing everyone . 
  it 's truly a hilarious tv post , shoe fights , ancient egyptian , secularists , salafists , nasserists , islamists ... etc all hating one another and creating a treasure trove of memes . 
  there 's no dick and no huge sweating guy yelling like crazy . 
  young russian stud anally destroys middle aged compatriot . 
  i feel so sorry for serraj , he is n't evil at all ... 
  he shaved vince mcmahons head live on tv ... 
  sorry ... looks like i 'm in a '' nitpick '' mood today . 
  regardless here 's an upvote, 
  that 's just the arabic word for '' god '' . 
  christians also say '' allah '', 
  yes and every '' deus vult !!!, 
  top kek !!, 
  is sign of radicalization . 
  seriously dude it 's youtube comments , everyone threatens to conquer each other in nationalistic videos . 
  reminds me of a assassins creed moment , in revelations i think . 
  when ezio arrives and speaks with the young suleyman the magnificent , and speaks of '' the fall of constantinople '' and suleyman replies with '' you mean the conquest of konstantiniye ? '', 
  then ezio says '' i guess it 's a matter of perspective '' god damn ac used to be cool ... 
  to call the early insurgency united is wrong , proof being the power-sharing disputes that came afterwards . 
  most mujahadeen factions agreed to some form of unity government . 
  the taliban was mostly born from the groups pakistan funded and supported . 
  it 's a known fact that mullah omar was trained by the pakistani secret services with help from the saudis i should add . 
  not to mention many rank and file soldiers were afghan refugees from pakistan . 
  you did n't answer my question , and completely changed the subject . 
  what does syria and libya have to do with afghanistan ? 
  you just want to shit on the us and what it does in afghanistan without even mentioning the country . 
  the us funded militias and rebels in hundreads of countries all over the world , to try and paint them all with a single brush is simply stupid and counter-productive the taliban literally drove the mujahadeen out of kabul and pushed them into the north , near kunduz . 
  it 's these that we helped . 
  also it was them , not the mujahadeen that hanged the last communist pm , forgot his name . 
  how can the us fund and create the taliban , when they literally fight the mujahadeen government for over 30 years ? 
   who then went on to train the terrorist who killed 22 people in manchester . 
  in the 80 's the cia director complained that there where no volunteers in the mujahadeen forces who wanted to do suicide attacks . 
  again just to show the stupidity of comparing wildly different things . 
  how ? 
  by funding the other side that was against the taliban ? 
  and it 's prisons looked like all the other communist ones . 
  thank you , goodness grace , thank you . 
  whenever people say america funded the taliban i ca n't but cringe . 
  rex good swede , doing it right . . 
  fear, 
  robot actually https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcj8siec5ua, 
  fucking swedes ruining everything ! / s, 
  the, 
   a lot of young british people did not think it was important to live in a democratic society . 
  everyone believes that if dictatorship is installed , it will be his group ruling . 
  ataturk and i think i see inonu as well . 
  4th in the left column . 
  any idea who the others are ? 
  is n't your currency already pegged to the euro ? 
  there are numerous books i found interesting on saudi , but sadly there is n't really 1 that has '' everything '' . 
  some focus on wahhabism , others on the royal family , some even on aramco and the oil business . 
  try and look to subjects you find interesting . 
  not related to saudi , but i always recomand these , if you have time , try mustafa akyols '' islamic jesus '' and his other book '' islam without extremes a muslim case for liberty '' i found them extremely good , and i think they should be mandatory for everyone who wants to study the region , religion and islamism in a political context . 
  would advise starting with '' the islamic jesus '' , a great book , well worth a read . 
  there are some very good books on amazon , you should check some .
