   russia will have over 130 million people if you had a decent economy it could have been double . 
  your population barely grows for more then 3 decades . 
  and when the inevitable economic failure comes , it will drop quickly . 
   how many will romania continue to have by then ? 
  around 16-18 mil . 
  a normal number in my opinion . 
  more should be done , i agree . 
  but the huge birthrates and population increase , during the communist times was because ceausescu banned abortions and pushed women to have 4 + children , because he was obessed with making romania have 25m people . 
   joining the eu is a disaster for countries like romania no . 
  it was a very positive thing . 
  we have stability , corruption has been fought pretty well . 
  and more importantly we are still a democracy , and have n't fallen into dictatorship . 
  you have no idea how the 90 's and early ' 00 's were here . 
  what we have now , far from perfect still , is ten times better . 
  * 15 rubles have been deposited into your bank account *  after that eu elites would probably try to populate this no man 's land with mahmouds fron middle east , says the country with no visas on center asian countries . 
  do i need to remind you that moscow is the 2nd biggest muslim city in europe ... after istanbul . 
  well most of my nephews ca n't either . 
  only 1 of them knows romanian . 
  he used to spend summer holidays here , that 's why . 
  the others ca n't speak it at all . 
   as much as we did more i would say . 
  as corrupt and idiotic as psd is i can still insult/attack them without fear of killing myself with a shot to the back . 
  you are experiencing a massive brain-drain and are n't in the eu . 
   `` drafty wind '' just need to adress this . 
  i lived almost 5 years in the west . 
  i was shocked when they had no idea what the '' current '' ( how we call it in romania ) was . 
   again depends of the region/country . 
  true . 
  generally i found out that those living in cities are having quite fewer children . 
  not uncommon to see people with 5-6 brothers but only 1-2 kids . 
   he ebil foreign pastures with their two leaves of salad on a plate . 
  exactly this . 
  when my aunt , the one mentioned above , saw her grandchild so '' skinny '' she went nuts . 
  '' what are they feeding him there ? '', 
  '' those bloody foreigners do n't know how to feed a child ! '', 
  man she pumped that '' poor '' kid with food , sweats ... etc in spain he was on a strict diet , poor lad went nuts when he was told he could eat anything . 
  dropping actually . 
  plenty of gypsy families in my city , few have more then 1-2 kids . 
  a rural/urban divide is starting to appear . 
   my grandmother `` look how much they eat ... 
  they have no food abroad !, 
  oh good lord , same here . 
  one of my cousins sent their kid here in vacation one summer to live with his grandmother . 
  he was around 40k when he arrived here . 
  3 months later he was almost 60k . 
   those kids are never coming back . 
  yeah . 
  they are n't coming back . 
  those i know study there , live there and barely speak romanian . 
  only 1 of them loves romania and comes here yearly . 
  his romanian is a bit broken . 
  but even so he plans to study there . 
  besides coming here in vacations i doubt he 'll move here . 
  yup , out of 4 , 3 have decent jobs there . 
  those have kids . 
  the other guy ... well let 's say he tries ... 
  can confirm . 
  my cousins in spain all have children , those here have none . 
  edit : well not '' all '' of them . 
  3 out of 4, 
  we call that in romanian '' desert '' , that 's why i confused things . 
   bessarabia did not control cernauti yup i remember this one !, 
  got it wrong . 
  ukrainians boycotted the vote on joining romania . 
  this one i got wrong . 
  as for dates , i admit i 'm very bad with them , always been , thanks for correcting me . 
  well yeah , i meant about daily life . 
  poetry and literature sure , you can find words no one uses anymore . 
  but again , i meant ... holy fuck ... . 
  i got this all wrong ... 
  i though they mean '' desert '' as the one you eat ... not the geographic area ... lmao i just realized this . 
  the desert or '' pustiul '' ( no idea how to exactly translate this '' empty area '' is the only thing i can think of ) is an area that receives very little rain , around 250 mm per year . 
  that 's an article about deserts . 
  they say we call it '' pustiul '' which would translate to '' the empty/emptied area '' but i never heard anyone call it like that honestly . 
  we use '' de\u0219ert '', 
  our little , fucked up , brother ... in the 1920 's they ( bassarabia controlled both budjak and cernauti back then , today part of ukraine ) split from the russian empire and declared de facto independence . 
  when the communists started winning they asked the romanian army to enter and defend the land . 
  then the parliament voted to join romania . 
  the bulgarian and turks voted '' no '' , if i remember right and the ukrainians boycotted it . 
  that 's when '' greater romania '' was formed . 
  we would end up giving it away to the soviets at the end of the ' 30 's . 
  regained it during the war , but lost it again when it ended . 
  their pretty poor . 
  corruption is high even by our standards . 
  perhaps will unite again one day ... 
  but with transnistria and gagauzia and the older generations being against it , i do n't hold my breath . 
  if there will ever be a referendum i 'll vote yes . 
  edit : another story . 
  after the russian-turkish war , we allied russia and asked for bassarabia/moldova to be given to us . 
  they refused and gave us dobruja . 
  at that time we did n't want it at all . 
  dobruja was a turkish/bulgarian majority area , while moldova was majority romanian . 
   ukraine nationalists  supported pro-rf rebels . 
  this is as funny as it is sad . . 
  well they also use some older words that have lost popularity in romania . 
  not to mention some russian influences here and there . 
  i still would n't call it a separate language honestly . 
  really weird . 
  it 's either some long forgotten word or ... it 's a stupid mistake ... 
  i for one go with the second .
