  do you have the '' live 6 years under neo-communism dictatorship '' expansion ? 
  come on . 
  it 's a protest against corruption , mostly . 
  and there is zero chance it will topple the government . 
  yet the government acts as if it 's february 1917 . 
  exactly , point being the landslide defeat he had in the first democratic elections . 
  people followed ataturk because of the men he was and the things he did . 
  they followed the person not his ideas . 
  after he was gone , inonu did not have that same status , so his ideas became the focus point , and many disagreed with them . 
  to be honest though , inonu supporting the coup and military made him an easy target for islamists . 
  alright i get it now , thanks !, 
  ah , so it 's nothing huge then . 
  does he often come out against the government ? 
  reading reports that the mayor of yekaterinburg supports the protests . 
  anyone got any more info on this ? 
  good quote , yes . 
  but it 's not sure he actually said that . 
  note : he may as well not have said the things i mentioned . 
  but i point yours out because i remember this was posted some time ago as well and some turkish posters said it 's not true . 
  if our turkish friends might know more , i would be more than happy , though . 
  while many people here may praise this , with good reasons i might say . 
  it is easy to see why such rapid and abrupt change might be seen as bad by a very large part of the population . 
  ataturk himself did it only because the people , even the very religious ones , saw him as the father of the nation , the man that saved the country and brought victory . 
  so they followed him even if they disagreed . 
  mohammed reza tried somewhat the same changes , but the population had a very mixed relationship towards him . 
  many saw him as a puppet , others despised him for removing mossadegh ... etc also he was much , much more authoritarian then aataturk ever was . 
  i think his views are more nuanced . 
  to say he completely hated religion/islam is in my opinion wrong , but it 's also wrong to call him a devout man or religious in general . 
  what i think he did hate , was the religious institutions . 
  numerous quotes of him attacking sheikhs , mullahs ... etc he was also quite nationalistic so he focused more on '' turkishness ' and promoted that , he most likely did feel that islam chipped away at that solid ethnic identity . 
  there are plenty of quotes of him '' praising '' islam . 
  he said , from some sources i saw , '' it 's the perfect religion '' but as always there is nuance with him , he also said '' the foundation of our religion is perfect , but the building men built on top of it is frail and no one thought to repair it '' . 
  again in my opinion it shows him being very anti-clergy ... etc i think though the most important event that shaped his religion was ww1 . 
  also the era was quite a bit anti-religion and ethnic nationalism was the '' thing '' everywhere . 
  this influenced him without doubt . 
  i , personally , think he was a bit agnostic , mostly in my opinion because of the war . 
  all that brutality , those meaningless deaths , pointless battles over 10 metres of dirt . 
  all of this will without a doubt chip away at a mans faith . 
  edit : a quote i remember reading on the internet , as always it might be false , but regardless i think shows shows his views quite clearly . 
  some in the parliament wanted to bring an iman to bless the building , he repplied '' it 's the blood of our soldiers that won our freedom , not prayers '', 
  before elections orban , or some lower ranking officials , always try to rile up nationalism among the hungarians . 
  corrupt udmr officials flee to hungary to escape getting arrested , from time to time orban himself comes here to hold speaches ... etc  nor do they attempt to rile them up on a weekly basis or so against their host country i 'm sorry but i do n't get what you mean by this ... or i hope i 'm wrong . 
  do you mean to say turkish bulgarians are n't citizens of bulgaria ? 
  their just '' guests '' to their '' hosts '' ? 
  those people have lived there for more hundreds of years . 
  bulgaria is their country as much as it is to any bulgarian . 
  if the political leadership of the party has ties with foreign governments , and they are harmful to bulgaria , most minority parties will have some kind of connections with foreign countries , ours has deep connections with hungary , then i believe bulgaria has laws that can deal with this . 
  but the turks there , have every right to assembly and take part in the elections , just like our hungarians have , and every minority everywhere . 
  agree here . 
  you are correct . 
  i despise udmr , our hungarian party , but i do n't question their right to take part in the election, 
  scare turks in thinking they are attacked from every side . 
  portray himself as a strongman that can protect them . 
  get votes . 
  install dictatorship . 
  it does sadly ... 
  also , morocco ? 
  it just looks weird . . and iraq is n't on the list , are there no security threats in iraq ... 
  i just do n't understand the reasoning for these decisions ... hope they give some more details . 
  edit : i do remember an article from last year , were american companies complain that the gulf ones are beating them and taking their costumers ... that 's why i said it might be an attempt to help the local airlines, 
  all right then . 
  but why the uae then ? 
  the dubai airport has been declared among the safest in the world . 
  that 's true . 
  you ca n't believe how much of the old communist thinking is still alive today , even here . 
  ca n't remember his name , but a dude after the revolution , came in romania and said : '' you 'll need at least 40 years , to repair the harm the communists did and learn what democracy is '' . 
  we all laughed at him back then . 
  now i think he was completely right . 
  he just fell for the rt propaganda that russia is a free country . 
  it would get hit anyway , what difference does it make if the laptop is in the baggage area . 
  most bombs are remotely detonated anyway or on timer . 
  seeing as turkey is on the list , i doubt it 's security related . 
  to me it looks like some form of petty protectionism with the goal of encouraging the use of domestic firms rather than foreign ones . 
  or as always , could be a bit of both . 
  also will he get into the debates , if there are any ? 
  i mean , why not at this point ? 
  what 's his stance on the eu ? 
   asked who paid him for protesting i love this . 
  happens the same in romania , well except the beatings . 
  1 party holds paid rallies , then accuses everyone else of being paid to protest against them . 
  they simply ca n't comprehend the idea that people protest against them out of their own free will . 
  no , everyone is paid and working for the '' outsiders '' , '' foreign services '' , '' the banks '' ... etc. 
  almost all our pre-ww2 political elite was educated in france . 
  french was huge before the communists came . 
  you promised us transylvania in ww1 ... etc the links were cut when the communists took power though , sadly . 
   writing my bachelor thesis about ( memes ) this does n't give me hope at all ... 
  memes are now a factor in elections ... lord help us . . 
  this might be a good way to describe the events . 
  fully agree though , that turkey/the ottomans were in a transition period . 
  sissi 's coup was endorsed by the salafist parties . 
  saddam might have started as a secular , but by the end of the war with iran he was n't anymore . 
  assad i do n't consider secular , but neither religious . 
  him filling the top government positions with alawites comes from a need to control the country better and make sure their loyal . 
  i doubt he does it out of theological reasons . 
  still bringing hezbollah inside syria hardly makes him look more secular and he clearly pushed sectarian feelings , thinking it will help him . 
  not even going to mention sedat , it 's because of him and his policies that the muslim brotherhood appeared again , after nasser destroyed it . 
   sissi ect are relatively secular in the sense of being more western oriented another amusing thing honestly , just showing how '' secularism '' morphed over time . 
  nasser was quite anti-western , anti-imperialist . 
   its hard to find a viable secular party whom are n't in the extreme minority in the me . 
  it 's equally hard to find a communist party in eastern europe .
