  i would agree with you that absorption was a strong possibility in the parliamentary system . 
  but know with the presidential system i think it 's lower . 
  the individual now matters more then the party . 
  a person from a new small party , can make huge gains in the presidential elections by himself , much more than his party could 've done in the parliamentary system . 
  this is exactly why i said '' what is needed is a new right-wing party '' . 
  the chp brand is quite toxic for many , but a new leftist party wo n't help , not in the current situation . 
  chp while toxic has hardcore followers , who 'll always vote for it . 
  if a new leftist party is formed , instead of chp getting 25 % , you 'll get 2 parties both getting around 10 % . 
  a further fracture of the left is not the solution . 
  a leftist party will further divide the leftist opposition . 
  chp needs to drop ideological purity and become a big tent party , with people who agree on basic things like : rule of law , freedom of press , independent judiciary , basic leftist economic policies ... etc a new right-wing part is needed . 
  erdogan basically has a united voter block that has no alternative . 
  mhp under bahceli is a joke . 
  he ca n't die quickly enough . 
  '' coalition of chaos '' excuse . 
  in the previous parliamentary system , for the opposition to win , it would require a chp-mhp-hdp coalition . 
  good luck getting nationalist voters from mhp and akp to support a coalition with hdp . 
  this is why i said erdogan was blinded by power . 
  the presidential system is a 1-on-1 battle . 
  the party , coalitions ... etc are meaningless here . 
  i 'm not a leftist , not at all . 
  but , from all i saw , i actually kinda liked hamon . 
  he looked like a decent fellow . 
  i disagree with him , but i could n't really dislike him . 
  i think the poor lad just ran in the worst moment . 
  macron stole the center-left and the far-left went with , the more charismatic , melenchon . 
  poor hamon ... 
  wish him luck . 
  violence is n't the answer either though, 
  all irrelevant now with the presidential system, 
  and akp is dominating istanbul and ankara , where the gdp is highest . 
  i am not speaking of economy here . 
  pretty cool , honestly . 
   do n't forget to prep the \u00e7omar bull when he comes to fuck your wife . 
  how lovely . 
  more polarisation wo n't work . 
  you ca n't '' intimidate '' people out of voting erdogan . 
  i know that '' returning to our roots '' is a big opinion among some chp voters , but i do n't think it will have the results these people hope . 
   just today a picture of the party 's chairman holding a banner that says `` god commands justice '' was posted nothing wrong with this . 
  secularism = / = non-religiosity . 
  you ca n't turn the clock backwards to the 80 's and put the '' genie back in the bottle '' , to say so . 
  this is the electorate that turkey has , you got to work with it . 
  you ca n't fight it . 
  really lovely , to see the pictures and see that there are people of all ages and backgrounds , puts a bit of a dent in the perception , which erdo paddles and sadly many westerners bought into , that chp represents '' the elite '', 
  it will get pretty big , true . 
  erdo can rage as much as he wants , he 'll do nothing . 
  i was a bit skeptical in the beginning but i think , considering the current situation , the march was a decent idea . 
  props to kilicdaroglu and all the organizers . 
  i should get some photos soon , a friend of mine will join them soon !, 
  edit : just saw [ this ] ( https://twitter.com/mstanrikulu/status/881160541456277504 ) , to good not to share !, 
  a group of '' anti-capitalistic '' muslims joined the march ... 
  finally . 
  the serbs can enjoy a balkan shitshow without being involved in it . 
  we had 39 % lol . 
  it 's standard in most of the area . 
  completely true and i do agree . 
  my comment here honestly was on the future and comparing the turkish army to the arab ones , saudis more exact , and how it compares to them . 
  i found one of these in every eastern european country i traveled to . 
  it is truly something that unites us ... 
   that 's because they feel threatened by ikhwan though exactly . 
   they have no qualms about running the most backwards legal system around for example . 
  absolutely , but this is n't really relevant to the current debate '' saudis anger at qatars funding of muslim brotherhood and similar groups '', 
   i understand but the gcc alliance largely agree iran is destabilizing the gulf and they have all been happy to fund jihadis and islamists during the recent civil wars the uae does n't really fund militias anywhere . 
  oman has no part in this madness . 
  kuweit also funds no groups , and have a neutral position many times . 
  bahrain is a saudi puppet . 
  qatar also has decent relations with iran . 
  the only place saudi has funded jihadists is syria , mostly nusra , but i doubt funding is the same since the qatar rift . 
  nusra is very friendly with qatar . 
  in the other regions , such as libya and egypt , even yemen . 
  they support mostly secular anti-iran autocrats like sisi , hafter in libya and hadi in yemen , before he betrayed them and allied with the houthis they supported saleh . 
  i think i was n't clear enough , the saudis and the uae , to a lesser extent , will of course support anyone that 's against iran , secular , islamist ... etc but on the muslim brotherhood and similar groups they have always been quite consistent on their dislike of them, 
  not really , the saudis and uae do n't want more extremist propaganda , they want less islamism . 
  the saudis/uae really , really hate islamists , like the muslim brotherhood , that qatar backs . 
  hell they both supported the secular factions in egypt and libya , sisi and hafter . 
  they simply see islamism as a threat to their rule and legitimacy . . edit : really do n't see the reasons for the downvotes , but oh well . 
  they did n't really gave it all against al-bab , also the arab fighters where poorly trained and equipped . 
  the purges did affected them , getting rid of so many officers/generals will do that . 
  i do remember that some retired generals from the mid 2000 's got called back to replace the purged gulenists . 
  and couple of kemalists generals where , recently , found not guilty of planning a coup in 2005 , when erdo and the gulenists first purged them . 
  they 're still much , much better than any army in the region . 
  the iraqi and syrian ones are just destroyed at this point and besides them no arab army can compare to the turkish one . 
  they are made to parade and police their own people , not to fight . 
  regardless it 's a silly debate , there will be no direct fighting . 
  what does this have to do with anything here ? 
  it 's not 1.5 mill there are at most half a million . 
  they simply got an extension to their stays there . 
  with purges or not , it 's still 10x better than any arab army , especially the saudi one . 
  i know , but there was a twitter hashtag trending saudiwithkurdistan , couple of weeks ago . 
  there are plenty who like qatar , but plenty of people who 'll blindly follow the governments views . 
  aj arabic literally had a '' debate '' on whatever shia genocide is the solution to the problems in the region . 
  while biased aj english is fine and i do n't support shutting it down . 
  neither hippie leftist aj + do n't compare aje and aja . 
  one showed the protests in bahrain as legitimate and criticized the bahraini monarchy , the other one called the protestors '' rafida scum '', 
  yes . 
  whatever opinion of the iranian people , the regime is trying to create puppet states everywhere they can . 
  even abadi , the shia pm of iraq is accusing the iranian backed militias of trying to weaken the state so they can effectively rule the country . 
  same with hezbollah in lebanon , the dozens of militias they have in syria . 
  and to a lesser extent the houthis , but they are a lot more independent than the others . 
  yeah i did ... sorry .
