  2016 was a wild year . 
  and this is exactly why i do n't , and never will , trust populists . 
  i knew from the very beginning that tsipras promises where very unrealistic , something he came to realize as well , when he accepted the deal . 
  he was faced with a choice of either seeing his country collapse or breaking his campaign promises . 
  i do respect him for not letting pride or putting reelection before the good of the country . 
  from what i read and understood greece was going on a somewhat positive path before syriza won the elections and things went bad again . 
  i hope at least that now the greek people , and perhaps others as well , will realize that , sadly , there is no quick and easy solution . 
  i have a terrible loss of memory right now , ca n't remember who said this , but i think it fits perfectly in this situation : '' there is an easy , simple and quick solution for every problem , sadly it happens to also be the wrong one '' . 
  please do note that this is in no way an endorsement on nw . 
  they may very well be guilty of the same thing . 
  i just dislike parties who offer illusions to the people , and in the end harming the situation even more . 
  i do n't want to be that guy . 
  i absolutely loved witcher 3 and the rich mythology behind it , it felt very fresh and unique . 
  but i was a bit bummed that my decisions in witcher 1/2 did n't really matter , made me feel i replayed those games and wasted 100 houres for nothing . . 
  i know . 
  it was my first vote ... 
  it killed my political idealism then . 
  i voted iliescu purely because he was somewhat pro-eu/nato . 
  it never gets old, 
  god no , we had our crazy period in 2000 , where a madman almost became president . 
  he was just like trump , if not worse , just replace mexicans with hungarians and illegals with romanian citizens who where here for hundred of years . 
  we passed our crazy period , time for you as well , one way or another . 
  heard you guys have presidential election . 
  just as bad as everywhere else ? 
  i do n't get why you get downvoted , you are not wrong . 
  cumhuriyet is much more '' leftist '' then kemalists , they do support chp mostly and are seculars but they are not the kemalist newspaper . 
  from what i know i believe there is a south/north one , where the north has more serbs , thus are more anti-nato , while the south is more populated by montenegrini is more pro-nato/eu . 
  of course this does n't fit perfectly , the bosniaks in the north are also very pro-nato . 
  but i think i got it right , at least somewhat . 
  yeah , he needed to find someone to blame , because if it was n't an outside source backstabbing him , then the armies failures would be his . 
  and that was n't acceptable to him . 
  my guess is that he became more dictatorial and extreme the more insecure he felt . 
  we must remember that officially he held no position , he was n't prime-minister or anything . 
  so his position was unstable . 
  while the sultan was a puppet , he still had a position and could pose a threat , not to mention the countless other officers who would act at the first smell of blood . 
  also a very simple truth : power corrupts . 
  also the '' villain '' rarely sees himself as such . 
  he thinks he does the things '' that must be done '' slowly he starts to believe that he needs to keep power at all cost , some even believe they do this for the good of the nation . 
  '' better me , then anyone else '' , and so he starts doing more , and more , '' necessary things '' to stay in power . 
  just look at erdogan , who started pretty tame , compared to how he is now at least , look how slowly he changes . 
  edit : as for the coups , i think it has a lot to do with history . 
  many sultans had to fight their own brothers to keep power ... etc so this history of fighting for power entered the turkish mentality a bit , at the very least the mentality of the ruling elites . 
  of course you ca n't blame this alone , every coup has/had it 's own specific reasons . 
  '' romania '' it 's 1 independent mp who most likely tries to score electoral points , do n't ask me from who ... we have elections on dec. 11 . 
  it will never even get to parliament if i would be to guess , let alone pass . 
  god i ca n't wait for these elections to be over . 
  i always wondered how do bektashi differ from more mainstream sunni islam ? 
  to be honest the armenian genocide was mostly based on ethnicity . 
  also the then ruling elite , the young turks , lead by enver pasha , needed a scapegoat for it 's military failures against russia in ww1 . 
  the irony is that the young turks started as a pretty moderate faction , with the purpose to modernize the ottoman empire , they also had many armenians and other minorities in their ranks . . 
  guess war makes monsters of us all . 
  i just saw on digi24 saying that he got 48 %, 
  keep , hope and most important , go out and vote , convince your friends/parents to go and vote . . etc do n't lose faith , here during our elections iohannis was behind 10 points as well after the first round and he managed to come back and defeat ponta . 
  what ? 
  i just saw on news that there will be a 2nd round . 
  that 's how i felt when i went to rome and florence '' oh look , i climbed this building '' . 
  happy republic day everyone !, 
  a truly amazing country , i feel very lucky that i had the opportunity to travel so much trough it and meet so many of it 's people . 
  ignore the negative comments , this is a day of celebration and a reminder that even on the brink of collapse , the turkish people managed to turn the tide . 
  same here in romania , got lots of old churches in the middle of nowhere . 
  i feel kinda sad for politicians in these situations . 
  these are statements that he has to give , people would attack if he did n't ... but , considering the current situation , they also look rather silly , pointless . 
  a lose/lose situation for him , right here . 
  true . 
  as a journalist i feel the same . 
  there is nothing i despise more then false , made-up , stories . 
  and i believe it 's even harmful , it distracts from real things that erdogan may do . 
  sweden 's a dick again . 
  i guess it 's just the two of us bulgaria . . also is austria trying to remake the empire ? 
  rekt !, 
  no , he is n't . 
  but lets criticize him for actual shitty policies and stupid stuff he said . 
  god knows there is a lot of it , no point in making up fake stories . 
  you got to start somewhere i guess ... 
  the big problem is that few politicians want to anger the religious vote . 
  especially in an election year . 
  we had this debate here too , when the government wanted to make religious teachings at school opt-in instead of opt-out , as they are right now . 
  invades ? 
  it was always here . 
  i would guess it 's true for much of eastern europe . 
  perhaps much worse then in romania , the church being so unpopular here pushes people away from that sort of propaganda , thankfully . 
  be careful then . 
  jaqen h'ghar is from serbia ? 
  nope . 
  moldova is a region within romania . 
  i do n't speak about the republic of moldova . 
  we did n't even call their territory '' moldova '' , when they where part of our country . 
  we called it '' bassarabia '' that 's what some nationalists chant when speaking of union . 
  they say '' bassarabia is romanian land '' . 
  moldova is already part of our country . 
  neither is cyprus , but no one is bothered by that , do n't let internet comments get at you . 
  so the whole country will emigrate then , there are less then 1 million ? 
  who will live in montenegro then ? 
  wait a minute . . is this a complex ploy by serbia to retake montenegro and get access to the sea again ?!, 
  please invest in moldova . 
  you can argue how much you want that turkey is n't in europe , i wo n't start that debate here . 
  there are plenty of arguments for both sides , that 's not the point though , not here . 
  but istanbul , at least half of it , is without a doubt 100 % on the european continent . 
  just check a map . 
  the continent does n't stop at the border .
