  anyone who knows anything about libya , will know the cease-fire wo n't last . 
  serraj , has no direct control over half of the militias in western libya . 
  he ca n't disarm them as hiftar wants . 
  and hiftar does n't really believe in negotiations , he thinks he can achieve a military victory . 
  also where are the southern tribes ? 
  did they have any representatives here?the tuaregs who guard the niger border ? 
  the tebu , who guard the chad border ? 
  all i saw was serraj , who controls little outside tripoli , and hiftar and his son , saddam . 
  did macron discussed with hiftar about his salafi militias ? 
  did he asked him about how his imam declared ibadis '' infidels '' ? 
  did the ibadi amazinghs even had a representative at this meeting ? 
  are the qatari and turks on this deal ? 
  they have huge influences inside the islamist camp in western lybia . 
  is the uae and saudi arabia , who finances and arms hiftars salafi militias , and egypt , who bombs his rivals , on this deal ? 
  i like macron , more then most people here even , but anyone who knows anything of libya will know that this deal is incredibly fragile , and could break any moment . 
  this is kinda like what we had recently with grindeanu , the pm , trying to hold some sort of coup inside the ruling party and remove dragnea , the leader of psd and de facto ruler of the country . 
   salafis are n't necessarily militant terrorists . 
  most are n't oh i know do n't worry . 
  i studied these things more then most people on reddit . 
  not to mention i actually met plenty of '' quietist salafis '' in my short trip to the uae . 
  well i should 've been more clear , perhaps . 
  i was speaking of normal imams ( besides salafis they mostly ignore it ) and islamist political parties like muslim brotherhood/ennahda . . etc ( who almost never support banning it ) , not militant terrorists groups . 
  although even fundamentalists are hypocrites many times . 
  the taliban is making a fortune out of selling opium ... 
  i was n't speaking of is or aq ... 
  this reminds me of what an egyptian friend once told me . 
  after morsi won the election after the revolution , i asked him joking '' so when will morsi ban alcohol and smoking ? '', 
  he told me '' if they ban smoking , his own people will lynch him alive '' yeah , technically smoking is forbidden , but it has become so widespread , no one really dares say anything against it anymore . 
   a strong president that can dissolve parliament and judiciary or have it cease to function by not certifying new members of it , but we where not debating this , he should 've mention if he was doing so . 
  the debate was over the president having veto powers over legislation sent by the parliament , and how that should work ... etc we where not speaking of dissolving parliaments . 
  here , i actually like our system : if the parliament votes down 2 nominated pms , then the president dissolves the parliament and new elections are called . 
  the president ca n't dissolve the parliament in any other situation, 
   seen from the perspective of a romanian , maybe . 
  seen from the perspective of any modern nation thank you . 
  and by saying this needs reformed , you can implement it in only 2 ways : remove it altogether or have it require just a simple 50 +1 majority ( which in reality means the veto is meaningless ) , like we uncivilized barbarians have here in the '' antiquated '' world . 
   succumb to the pressure of their constituents . 
  mate ... you do n't know romanian politics . 
  party loyalty is a corner-stone of our politics . 
  psd itself has turned this into a central part of it 's party ideology . 
  they 'll vote on party-line 90 % of the time . 
  we de facto , no longer have a secret vote ... another thing is apathy from the people . 
  a city in romania literally voted for a guy who was in jail during the elections . 
  and here there is 0 , and i say this with confidence , relationship between the constituents and their '' representative '' . 
  i 'm quite into politics and i have no idea who the hell '' represents '' my area . 
  i doubt anyone really does . 
  there is no , none , zero , relations between the local community and it 's '' representative '' in the parliament, 
  thanks , so he has 20 days to sign it . 
  no loophole here it seams . 
  this is an interesting point actually ... i do n't know ... 
  i 'll look into it to see the exact phrase , perhaps such a '' trick '' could work . 
  never happened before , as far as i remember . 
  and anyway i think they could take it to the supreme court . 
  doubt they 'll lose ... 
   is having a proportional system . 
  i fully support this . 
   a single person ( the president ) can not be a check or balance . 
  i simply disagree with this . 
  the president should be a check on the parliament , one of them , not the only one of course . 
   having an all mighty figure decide that rules shall pass and what rules shall not does not reduce polarization but he does n't , he just , de facto , forces the government to pass it with a higher % of votes . 
  if they send it to him that way , he ca n't veto it . 
   ( as the us is clearly an example of ) . 
  there are numerous reasons for the polarization in the us , removing the supra-majority requirment wo n't help . 
  look at what they did with the supreme court appointment , where they changed the rules to a simple 50 +1 majority . 
  what will happen now ? 
  the republicans will have a free hand to appoint the most conservative judges they want , and no one can do anything . 
  the democrats in the future will be able to do just that , by appointing the most hippie of judges this will only increase polarization , the middle ground is dead . 
  very rarely . 
  9/10 times they send it back like it was initially . 
   now switch it the other way round and try and imagine you like the parliament but dislike the president . 
  i would still fully support this law even with a psd president . 
  better to have these checks and balances , the people i like wo n't rule for ever . 
  it should apply to everyone , regardless if i like them or not . 
   and the principle is that the parliament should always be the actual representative of the people i think these sort of laws do just that . 
  it forces the ruling party to look for support from the opposition and change the law/bill into a form that the vast majority can agree on . 
  i also think it helps reduce polarization , which i think is a big threat to democracy . 
  i just do n't think a majority should be able to do whatever it wants . 
  regardless if it 's '' my '' majority . 
  let me guess duda is also a soros funded shill , plotting to destroy poland ? 
  whatever it 's 60 % or 75 % was n't really my point . 
  i do n't favour any number in particular . 
  i just like it that it forces the ruling party/coalition to look for support in the opposition . 
  this means that either a bill will fall altogether or that it will pass in a much , much milder form . 
  anyway it just reduces the risk of unchecked majority rule and the stupid scenes we have here , where after a law is vetoed the ruling party just sends it back in the exact same form . 
   now the law will go back into the lower chamber , which needs 60 % of the votes for repealing the veto . 
  off-topic : we need this stuff in romania . 
  our president can veto stuff to and send it back to the parliament , only once though , but even then it would still require a simple 50 +1 majority . 
  this just makes the veto pointless , because if they had a majority to vote the law once , they 'll have it again without problems . 
  and the president ca n't veto it a 2nd time ... psd is doing this for quite a while . 
  send the president a law , he sends it back , psd then send the exact same law again , the president is then legally forced to sign it . 
  you got a really nice system there poland . 
  never let them change it . 
  they wo n't . 
  putins strategy is '' destroying '' big organized movements that people could rally around , and avoiding their creation in the first place . 
  thats why he targets journalists , opposition figures and just civil society in general , to avoid organized opposition random citizens wo n't get killed . 
  there 's nothing he can really do to these people . 
  well besides just ignoring them , which i think will happen, 
  natures way of balancing things, 
  eh , be glad they stopped the '' we protect minorities '' bullshit , at least . 
  how much of this growth is due to migration ?!? 
  they used the same tactic here in february with us .
