  he promised he 'll deal with them afterwards , concerning autonomy and such . 
  hadi returned to aden , which he sold out in the 90 's to saleh . 
  he had no fans there . 
  but the southerners were terrified of saleh . 
  it was him not the houthis that they truly feared . 
  if salehs forces took aden they would massacre it . 
  as salehs loyalists were already comiting crimes in saana . 
  so when hadi promised foreign help , they accepted it . 
  hadi ran to the only place he could . 
  by now the iranians were starting to supply the houthis a bit , trying to gain influence there . 
  hadi played on this in ryiadh . 
  he knew the saudis were paranoid of iran 's growing influence , so he played on their fears . 
  exagerating the iranian-houthi level of cooperation . 
  the new saudi prince , young and rash , and eager for glory decided to invade quickly . 
  a rash decision which pushed the houthis even more towards iran . 
  al-qaida appeared in the east . 
  aden , the capital of the south was under siege , so the governor called all police , soldiers ... etc to defend the city , abandoning the east completely . 
  as for the current situation . 
  the houthis rule the north , that they do n't even want . 
  saleh is pushing to destroy the country , by splitting it again so he can rule the north . 
  the houthis are growing tired of him , but ca n't kill him as it would start a civil war in the north among them and saleh loyalists . 
  the houthis also fear splitting the country . 
  as the saleh will turn on them quickly , but if the country stays together rhey could ally even with the south for federalising the country . 
  situation in the south is different . 
  the houthis/saleh forces were pushed back . 
  basically to the pre-unification borders . 
  and hadi , a saudi puppet true , has lost power completely . 
  the governor of aden was fired , but after massive protests he was put back in place and he took command of the southern forces . 
  s.yemen is actively thinking of independence declaring they will never accept saleh again . 
  so do tell me . 
  what '' dragon '' '' swallowed '' and '' burned '' yemen ? 
  lmao . 
  could you guys be more obvious . . 
  you ca n't fix your own problems or , '' house '' , when someone actively tries to lit it on fire . 
  regardless of our problems , russian meddling in them should not be tolerated . 
  then you are lost !, 
  question to french people , or people knowing french politics will le pen stand down if she loses ? 
  will her defeat empower some other factions within the fn that could try to remove her ? 
  south east asia for now . 
  once these economies grow , the companies will leave looking for cheap labour . 
  east africa , like kenya , tanzania , malawi ... etc and west africa as well , like nigeria togo , benin , ghana will without doubt be destinations for some companies . 
  as for your question , there will never again be 1 country that makes everything . 
  china was just massive and growing incredibly fast . 
  there will be other countries taking it 's place , but it will be a multitude of countries not one . 
  begun the food wars have . 
  it 's vietnamese , cambodgian and bangladeshi nowadays . 
  juncker 's banter is top-notch . 
  manchester btfo !, 
  how will they ever recover ? 
  and then what ? 
  i disagree with varoufakis on many things . 
  but it 's always a pleasure to listen and read his opinions . 
  ca n't wait to go back to london to speak with my corbyn friends . 
  looks like that city from witcher 3 in the blood & wine expansion . 
   aggressive russia is a problem , to itself first . 
  true . 
  listening to macron is much better than reading about him , even favourable articles . 
  i think it 's because i read about him mostly on reddit and they focused somewhat more on his left-wing side . 
  but as a center-right kind of guy , i found him quite good last night . 
  he missed some moments but i liked , mostly , what i heard . 
  i disagree with him on certain issues , but he 's growing on me . 
  god damn typos !, 
  thanks . 
  if he gets a parliament , then props to the guy . 
  do n't particularly like him , but that would be a feat worthy of respect, 
   the last three years in russia last century . 
  i did say '' de jure '' . 
  he will without doubt keep keep pulling the strings , no different then when medvedev was president . 
  he could 've changed the rules then , but decided to just bend them and keep the facade . 
  now he is also much older , at the end of this term even more so . 
  discontent among the ruling clique will grow , and others will want their turn at robbing the state dry . 
  still i agree that there is a decent chance he just outright changes the rules and stays president , i 'm not saying it wo n't happen . 
  but i do believe there are other options that could happen . 
  it will be a tory landslide regardless . 
  most likely putin last term as de jure leader of the country ( he 's barred for a 3rd consecutive term and he 's getting older ) . 
  they want a '' glorious '' victory , having the elections on the anniversary of the annexation of crimea and banning navalny proves this . 
  they want a resounding victory , +80 % most likely . 
  no opposition to the great leader , no debates this must be an overwhelming victory , to show everyone that the entire nation is behind the great leader . 
  * soon . 
   could drink a shit load as well . 
  can confirm , moldovans in romania and r.moldova drink a lot . 
  true . 
  those westerners have no idea how their countries would look like , if they imitated russia or became more authoritarean . 
  they complain that the government is '' slow/distant '' and want a '' strong man '' to '' fix '' things . 
  but they do n't know how that will look like . 
  they have no idea how living under a government like that truly is . 
  they take their liberties for granted . 
  i did n't gave it to much thought then , but now i fully agree with it . 
  10 or so years ago i saw a documentary about eastern germany and one guy said this : '' they ( western germans ) do n't really understand it . 
  you ca n't fully appreciate and understand liberty and it 's beauty if you are born in it , only if you are deprived liberty can you fully appreciate it when you get it '' i thought he was exagerating but now i think he was spot on . 
   for all the faults of ceausescu at least he was leading a growing country with a booming population yes my friend , bread lines and getting 2 eggs per person was fucking heaven . 
  having 2 houres of tv was amazing , having hot water for couple of houres was also superb , just so he could be '' debt free '' . 
  forcing women to have 4 + kids was also perfect , jailing women for doing abortions was simply amazing . 
  and giving '' prizes '' to women who had 12 kids was also normal . 
  no idea what kind of troll you are , but i do hope you are one , because if you miss ceausescu you are a mentally retarded person . 
  the only good thing we ever did was shooting the bastard and his insane wife . 
  i do n't miss our '' beloved leader '' . 
  if you do , go to north korea , because that was ceausescus inspiration and his goal for romania . 
   we even have this plushie animals to protect us . 
  absolutely amazing .
