  it 's one of the most balanced one we have . 
  not to mention they are n't only a news station . 
  b1 is a basescu friendly station true . 
  but basescu is hardly important nowadays . 
  they dislike pnl and usr our main opposition parties and to a certain degree agree with psd on certain issues . 
  basescu has turned against the justice system lately . 
  but i fully agree that they are n't trying to censor anyone . 
  they 're glad to just protect their outlets and let them spew bullshit without fear . 
  same here honestly . 
  i myself do n't really share this sort of humour . 
   `` to win in memetic warfare meme wars are a real thing nowadays . 
  lord have mercy on us all . 
  it 's the same in romania . 
  psd trough allies controls a3 and rtv , who are propaganda outlets for the party . 
  everyone knows they are dictated from above to be very pro-psd . 
  antena3 is basically fox news . 
  romania tv is basically a more moderate infowars . 
  clearly they where not if it 's strongest in eastern europe . 
  concerning romania , it looks spot on . 
  sarkozy will win . 
  he 'll get the delegates at the republican convention . 
  inb4 italy bails out again, 
   fn had become too leftist . 
  dropping the anti-semitism was to much for her . 
  right-wing liberals i think, 
   and alcohol the only way to watch it , honestly . 
  i know the parties . 
  i just do n't know what the poll means ... 
  did n't they had elections last year ? 
  i know to little of spanish politics to know what this means . 
  he 's far to left-wing . 
  in my opinion , that will angry corbyn supporters , he is not a '' new '' face at all . 
  he represents the old labour , the labour that could n't win an election in 20 years before blair came and saved them . 
  * sigh * it 's sad to see what 's becoming of the labour party . 
  what do you expect ? 
  the russian ambassador here stated that '' russia brought great wealth to romania and '' gave '' us industry '' you think they are thought back home of the massive purges they commited and murders ? 
  the ethnic cleansing of our german citizens ? 
  the entire family of grandmother died in siberia in working camps , she survived by marrying a romanian . 
  you think they teach them the complete ruin they brought to us by destroying our entire intellectual elite ? 
  we still feel that even today . 
  very well said a romanian poster days ago : '' we had culture once , now we have thieves and manele '' . 
  and this is just us . 
  i do n't even want to bother to go into the stuff they did in other places . 
  there was no '' liberation '' , in 1945 , for hundreds of millions of eastern europeans , just 40 more years of tyranny and dictatorship no different then the fascists before . 
  yeah , that 's it . 
  thanks for explaining it better . 
  i was told once but forgot the details . 
  it 's forbidden like pork . 
  ugh , why remind me that there are '' '' journalists '' '' who would actually write that stuff for some extra bucks . 
  it 's really hard to give a general opinion on the reaction . 
  i speak mostly about muslims here , did n't had so much interaction with the jewish community . 
  most muslims , i would say the majority just stick to '' do n't eat pork '' and perhaps jelly , and do n't really give much thought to how other things are prepared . 
  there are others who do . 
  had a friend while i lived in the uk that always brought his own food when he came to my place . 
  never complained though ... ate free-food for weeks and weeks . 
  and then there 's everything in between that . 
  duck feeding is fine ? 
  most articles are still very decent . 
  they just went to the extreme with clickbait titles . 
  i would guess someone up high told them they need more clicks . 
  sadly i do n't fault them , in this age it 's hard to survive without clickbait ... still they went really far with it . 
  turkeys are eaten on christmas ? 
  why do they keep calling him gay ... this is a guy who wooed a woman , what 15 years or so older than him , when he was under 18 ... 
  saw that . 
  i have nothing against people who voted leave , i know quite a few of them and they are decent people . 
  i also have nothing against brexit or even frexit , i do hate the names though ... 
  it 's a perfectly fine political opinion , one that i disagree with , but it 's completely legitimate and fine . 
  but to compare macron 's victory , or better said le pens loss , to france surrendering to the nazis is simply sick . 
  i 'll post this for those curious . 
  http://pomed.org/pomed-publications/breaking-cycle-of-failed-negotiations-yemen/?utm_content=buffer590d6&amp;utm_medium=social&amp;utm_source=twitter.com&amp;utm_campaign=buffer if people want to now more of the yemeni conflict read this piece by nawda al-dawsari a yemeni herself and well versed in the politics of the country . 
  okay going on a rant here . 
  especially on yemen , well mostly on yemen ... what happened in yemen ? 
  saudi destroying the country just because ? 
  houthis being controlled by iran ? 
  the '' ancient shia-sunni divide '' ? 
  us greedy imperialism ? 
  people who say yemen is a proxy are very ignorant . 
  houthis are not iranian puppets , hell relations between zaidis and twelver shias are very strained , and there is much theologically bad blood between these 2 groups . 
  what happened is this . 
  no us imperialism , no iranian aggression and no saudi aggression in the beginning . 
  the people of yemen revolted against saleh a brutal dictator that ruled since the 60 's , the man that '' united '' yemen with south yemen . 
  after he left power , his 2nd man , took over , hadi , they are n't friends at all anymore . 
  but hadi is the man that basically gave saleh the south . 
  he lost power in the independent sy and ran for the north . 
  saleh basically made him his right-hand man . 
  elections after saleh were just as corrupt as elections before . 
  hadi was the only candidate . 
  hadi betrayed saleh and arranged a behind the curtains coup . 
  saleh fled to the north of yemen were the houthis are . 
  here he started a veritable campaign of destroying hadis presidency and any possibility of governing . 
  the us ambasador was the only man holding everything together . 
  he kept everyone in line . 
  when the obama admin , idiotically refused to extend his term , everything went to crap . 
  saleh had managed to convince the houthis to try and intimidate hadi into giving them more autonomy , something they always wanted . 
  they never fought to govern the entire country . 
  they never wanted this . 
  when they entered saana with tanks they wanted to deal with the government . 
  but saleh loyalists still there forced hadi to flee . 
  te houthis found themselves ruling a city they never desired . 
  saleh now was pushing for the houthis to push south , to take the entire country back for him .
