  electoral fraud was part of our election cycles for a long , long time . 
  even the mentality has started to change , in the common people , perhaps not as fast as we wished , but it did . 
  people are more informed of their rights , then ever before . 
  even local small corruption has fallen . 
  people starting calling out doctors who demand bribes ... etc sure , it could go even lower , but we did good progress . 
  bribes used to be present in every single hospital and institution , common people would not think twice , before giving a bribe , thinking it 's normal . 
  now people have confidence in the justice system . 
  there is a long way still to go , but let 's not ignore the progress we made . 
  and much of it would have been nigh on impossible without the eu and them putting preasure on the government . 
  on a side note , this was the moment a rivalry was born . 
  who will be the last in the eu statistics , romania or bulgaria ? 
  then croatia joined and screwed things a bit . 
  damn , how quick time passes . 
  anyway , i still think this and joining nato are among the few good decisions our country made in the last 70 years , since the decision to join the allies in ww2 . 
  on the downside joining the eu made me vote iliescu in 2000 , i 'm still barfing at the memory . . 
  local news here says it 's over . 
  they surrendered . 
  glad no one was hurt . 
  looks like they are ghaddafi supporters . 
  they want to put pressure on the libyan government to let them create a pro-ghaddafi party . 
  local news here say only 7 crew members are left in the plane . 
  it 's twice as funny for me . 
  my neighbour is named werner . 
  people should n't really be troubled that she is a muslim . 
  the tatars are here for hundreads of years . 
  they are just like any romanians . 
  they drink ... etc. 
  what people should be troubled is the obvious nepotism . 
  he might try and do it in couple of years . 
  but people who say he will take over in 6 months are exagerating . 
  and do what ? 
  the hungarians just threw themselves with psd . 
  together they have an overwhelming majority . 
  what will he do ? 
  inpreach his own pm ? 
  dragnea just nominated himself for leader of the chamber of deputies . 
  he will lead from behind that is clear without any doubt . 
  i do n't see why dragnea would leave a safe position , where he can control the vote in the parliament and get himself in the publics view . 
  she will be an easy scapegoat for dragnea if something happens . 
  if there is no major event , i say she will without doubt stay at least until 2019 and the presidential elections . 
  no they wo n't . 
  they never do . 
  in 4 years they 'll go and vote psd like they did for 20 years . 
  the church did the same thing in 2014 . 
  remember them attacking iohannis because he was a protestant ? 
  where will the outrage be when when she takes the oath of office with the quran ? 
  there wo n't be any . 
  because they are hand in hand with psd . 
  we have a small tatar minority in dobrogea . 
  i have nothing against her being a muslim . 
  it is dragnea 's and psds hypocrisy that bothers me a bit . 
  also the fact that she is very close to him . 
  almost relatives . 
  all though i 'm also a bit pleased in a way , that all '' nationalists '' who voted for psd because of that rhetoric realize they got played . 
  i may have made some grammatical errors . 
  i wrote the comment very quickly and did n't proof-read it . 
  i 'm just watching the same people on tv who attacked our pm for being married to a french women and having the middle name '' jullien '' , the same people who attacked our president for being an ethnic german and protestant , accuse others of racism/sexism if they disagree with psd nomination . 
  the hypocrisy is outstanding . 
  of course they do this to detract from her being a relative to dragnea . 
  the guy who will truly run the country . 
  he could n't nominate himself because he was found guilty of electoral fraud and could n't hold the office of pm . 
  so he found a puppet . 
  for people who do n't get it . 
  dragnea was the godfather at her wedding . 
  this is how dragnea excused this '' there is no such thing in the muslim faith , i was just a witness ... ... 
  so legaly she is n't my relative . '', 
  holy fucking shit !!, 
  the hypocrasy !!!!, 
  the '' nationalistic '' party everyone !!!!!!, 
  the '' we do n't sell our country to foreigners '' party !!!, 
  the party that attacked our president and pm for not being '' romanians '' because their names sounded foreign . 
  the same guys who accused dacian ciolos for being a foreigner because his middle name was '' jullien '' and even attacked because he was married to a french women . 
  this lady is also a muslim !, 
  the same party who attacked our president for not being '' christian '' because he was a protestant !!, 
  where are you , orthodox church !!, 
  you defender of our christian values , you who protect our children from the gay devil !!, 
  you who attacked our president because he was a protestant !!, 
  will you go nuts when she takes the oath of office with the quran ? 
  no , of course not . 
  you will be to busy sucking psds c * ck . 
  that 's why everyone hates the church here . 
  a bunch of corrupt idiots who make only psd propaganda !, 
  you ca n't go to a church without being told to vote psd . 
  now dragnea ( leader of psd ) accuses people of racism !!!, 
  no dragnea this is n't about racism . 
  she is a romanian citizen , born here , she is as much romanian as any of us . 
  no , i accuse you of hypocrisy . 
  and this is what i get when i break my rule '' do n't post on reddit at work '' . 
  did n't read the article and '' crimean gold '' confused me . 
  i though it was gold the russians got when they annexed crimea . 
  well i think you have a good chance of getting it back them . 
  that 's when we lost it yeah . 
  but after ww2 , the communists did n't really insisted , for obvious reasons . 
  we are trying to get our gold back for over 20 years . 
  do n't hold your breath ukraine . 
  edit : i was wrong , the netherlands has the gold . 
  i think they will get it back then . 
  edgy 16 year olds, 
  that 's how our politicians thought back in 2005 when reforms to join the eu begun . 
  did n't go so well for them ...
