  she wo n't win the elections . 
  kurds will vote erdogan before anyone who is/was part of mhp . 
  still the other options are worse , in my opinion , and i think she could steal a lot of erdos votes . 
  see this is why i say '' erdogans blessed with a stupid divided opposition '' . 
  uniting the opposition is almost an impossible feat . 
  kurds wo n't vote for nationalists , and many wo n't vote chp either . 
  and many nationalists also see the chp as to weak and they 'll rather vote erdogan . 
  finding a candidate that can unite all the opposition is hard , bordering on impossible . 
  frankly i put turkeys electoral fraud , which did happen this referendum , no higher than we here in romania used to have in the 2000 's . 
  it is n't at the level you see in russia ... not yet, 
  among all the possible candidates for the new right-wing party aksener is my favourite . 
  i wish her luck . 
   holy  roman  empire . 
  i knew it was gokcek before i even opened the link . 
  lmao, 
   4 people were needed to hold him to help him enter this boat . 
  seriously ? 
  the guy who looks like he leads a mexican cartel, 
  lmao what a stupid mistake, 
  huh til, 
  i can hear that '' ` yeeeeeesss '' from csi miami, 
  dragnea btfo , how will he ever recover, 
  absolutely badass . 
  he just knows he 'll destroy psd during the presidential elections, 
   non-related stuff like informing you of a situation where muhammed ordered someone stoned no , i said that stoning , while practiced was n't a punishment for adultery in islam until umar . 
  the example you gave is 2 jewish guys , and the punishment comes from the torah . 
   non-related stuff like informing you that he led armies into battle , immediately after you told me he was not really a warlord because he was a merchant first ? 
  no , again you have no idea what i 'm talking . 
  he was n't a warlord , all sources make him out to be a very lousy warrior/fighter . 
  most of the raiding was done by able fighters and generals like umar and khaleed , even ali . 
   but do n't try to make him appear less evil by telling lies that are so easily disprovable . 
  again completely irelevent point . 
  i never argued or implied that . 
  you brought it yourself . 
   the point of the matter is that christianity 's figurehead was a peace-loving hippy , and islam 's figurehead was a bloodthirsty , paedophilic , warlord . 
  again , a point i never argued or implied . 
  you 're bringing it up for no reason . 
  i simply pointed out the historical differences between jesus , who was living in hills , who did n't have to think of laws , taxes , ruling . . etc , and mohammed who had to . 
  i implied absolutely nothing that you wrote . 
  i just pointed a historical fact . 
  the rest of your comment again is completely non-related to what i said . 
   then it 's quite amazing how i 've managed to prove you wrong on two aspects of muhammed 's life , lol , you completely missed my point and went on giving examples to absolutely non-related stuff , that have nothing to do with what i mentioned  i wonder why that was ? 
  because there is no point in debating islamic theology with someone who does n't have any idea on what one of the most basic aspects of islamic theology is : the 4 schools of thought . 
  edit : stop arguing islam if you have so little knowledge , you do n't have to like it at all . 
  but please do n't try debating islamic theology with such confidence , when you have no idea on it 's most basic stuff . 
   what about sunnis and shias which make up 98 % + of muslims ? 
  lmao you know nothing of islam ... hanbalis , malikis , shaafis and hanafis are the sunnis . 
  if you do n't know even this basic fact just stop arguing on islam ... 
  seriously , do n't argue islamic theology , if you do n't even know such basic stuff as the 4 schools of thought in sunni islam . 
  fyi . 
  malikis are mostly africans ( ex : nigeria , morocco ) hanbalis are the arabs ( ex.saudis , syrians ) , sha'afis in south east asia ( ex : malaysia , indonesia ) and hanifism is practiced in the turkic world ( ex : turkey , kyrghzstan ), 
   does ` etc ' include adulterers ? 
  yes , if you consider that a crime , which it was almost everywhere in those times , you got to think and find a punishment for it . 
  is n't logical ? 
   whether jesus ruled is beside the point - there is no precedent for this in christianity as there is in islam it is n't , because he never ruled and never had to think of these issues . 
   this is why the majority of muslim nations adhere to sharia which sharia ? 
  there are a dozens different ways to interpret it . 
  hanafis think drinking is fine as long as you do n't cause '' mischief '' . 
  hanbalis would kill you for it . 
  to hanbalis only the niqab is proper and respects the '' modesty '' that is imposed by the koran . 
  malikis think that modesty depends on culture , region . . etc. 
  african women would be imprisoned in countries like saudi arabia and iran for dressing '' improper '' , though in their home countries there would be no problem . 
  there is no unified '' sharia '' . 
  sharia is n't a legal code alone . 
  eating with your right hand and loving cats is also '' sharia '' . 
  lmao, 
   the prophet asked them . 
  `` what is the legal punishment ( for this sin ) in your book ( torah ) ? '', 
  they replied , `` our priests have innovated the punishment of blackening the faces with charcoal and tajbiya . '', 
  ` abdullah bin salam said , `` o allah 's apostle , tell them to bring the torah . '', 
  the torah was brought , and then one of the jews put his hand over the divine verse of the rajam ( stoning to death ) why ignore the first part , from your own source . 
  edit : can i also point out the irony of this quote . 
  in the time of mohammed jews were judged by their own laws , unlike in many modern day islamic countries , and they had a torah in mecca , which is banned in saudi arabia today . 
   quite different to jesus 's i always disliked this argument , the historical context is incredibly different . 
  there has to be some form of laws in a city , or it will go into anarchy . 
  jesus never ruled , he did n't need to think about punishments for criminals , rapists , thieves ... etc, 
   sharia is the legal code of islam . 
  it is mandated by god so what happens when 2 sunni school of thoughts have different opinions on a subject ? 
  which '' sharia '' do they apply ? 
  it is n't mandated by god , it was created by umar , long after mohammed died . 
  even during the rule of abu bakr it did n't really existed . 
  '' sharia '' was a set of oral customs and practices , the early muslims had no '' legal code '' , every tribe did it 's own thing . 
  and the caliph was simply the final '' judge '' if they even decided to take the disputes to him , because they could n't do it themselves . 
  umar after conquering mesopotamia and the levant , was inspired by the byzantine and iranian legal systems , so he standardized sharia as the legal code for his empire . 
  he took from arab traditions , to teachings of mohammed and even from the 10 commandments that mosses got . 
  when you speak of '' islamic law '' there are 2 phases , the pre-umar and post-umar, 
   stoning adulterers , mohammed never spoke or encouraged stoning , though it was practiced by the arabs , it was a common practice at the time all over the world . 
  stoning for adultery was introduced as official punishment by umar the 2nd caliph when he standardized the laws . 
  he took it from the 10 commandments that god gave to moses . 
   desert warlord i kinda get annoyed by this . 
  by all accounts mohammed was n't a great warrior at all . 
  the man was a merchant most of his life . 
  he did had some great warriors following him though , umar , khaleed . . etc, 
   kind of a downer that i have to add an / s to this . 
  take it as a compliment , you where very convincing . 
   turkey with a milder climate . 
  when will the secular army step in to stop the madness ? 
  welcome to club , lads, 
  a quasi 1 party state , like what psd is trying to do over here , is their goal . 
  i find it amusing how anti-communist pis is , but just how similar their rhetoric is .
