  were moderation is seem as weakness . 
  were agreeing with the opposition parties is seen as betraying your nation . 
  were we see the opposition as '' enemies '' who want to destroy the nation . 
  were compromise does n't even enter the equation . 
  this goes for all spectrums of politics , from far-left communists to far-right nazies . 
  you ca n't have a debate anymore , without insults and name callings , the left will yell '' racist/islamofob/nazi '' the right will yell '' political correctness/race traitor/leftie scum '' ... etc. 
  each convinced that he alone is the one that wants to save the country and the '' other '' side wants to destroy the country . . each side blind and deaf to the other . 
  were the '' left '' thinks it can ignore a problem or just throw money at it and it will dissapear and ignores the issues it does n't want to touch , such as religious extremism . 
  the '' right '' pretends it can deport the problem and build a wall and not even try and fix the underlying issues , because they do n't want to touch it , like the socio-economic side of islamism , to give a example . 
  i trully hate this tabloid , reality show type of politics we are diving in . 
  and i mostly blame the media , but to a certain degree we are to blame as well , they would n't keep giving us this , if we would n't buy it . 
  ( getting ready for downvotes and being called islamophob , traitor , nazi , racist , leftie , cuck ... etc. ), 
  or 4.000 people who do n't support a military takeover of the country ... every single opposition country came out against the coup . 
  and even the majority of the army is against it and fought against it . 
  most likely it 's the gulenists , who got scared about rumours of edrogan wanting to arrest them all , and they decided to have a last desperate gamble . 
  hence the poor planning/execution . 
  and if you do n't know about the gulenists , they are the ones who complain that edrogan is not islamist enough . . you want it or not , erdogan is n't a crazy iran like islamic-dictator . 
  he is a putin-like dictator , who simply took advantage of the poor state of the country and the anti-religion leadership , which came in power after a coup ... . . 
  does he pander to the religious folks , yup . 
  but , after i spoke with some turkish friends , most people liked him because he fixed the economy and so . 
  are you trying to say 9/11 was a inside job ? 
  i do n't really understand what you try to say ... 
  i would not be surprised if he is right this time though . 
  there were some hints and rumours that he planned to arrest them all soon . 
  this might as well have been a desperate last gamble of scared men , would explain the poor planning . . 
  i do n't know , still doubt it . 
  jet 's fighting over the capital ... etc. 
  seams far to complex . 
  i think it was the gulenists , who were afraid they will be arrested , so they did a last gamble . 
  as i said , at most i believe he might have known of it and let it happen but i doubt he planned all of this . 
  not really . 
  most of the army fought against the coup . 
  most likely this coup was planned by the gulenists , a rival islamist organization ... ironically they were far more against ataturk then even erdogan . . 
  i doubt he could have staged something like this . 
  far to many deaths . 
  i think it was the gulenists , they might have known erdogan planned to arrest them and this was a final gamble . 
  at most erdogan was informed of this by the secret services , and he let them do it . 
  i am actually against the coup . 
  he got voted in , he should be voted out , no other way . 
  this is democracy , and in a democracy the people choose , no matter what . 
  paranoid might have been a wrong word , i admit . 
  what i was trying to say is that now , erdogan may go full dictator , anyone against him can be named a '' traitor '' and arrested , political rivals , press ... etc. 
  holy crap . . 
  cnn says jets flew close to the ground in ankara , it 's a full blown coup . 
  will it work ? 
  or are they to few ? 
  i pray to god this works . 
  because if they fail edrogan will go full paranoid . . 
  erdogan destroyed that and put his cronies in command . 
  most likely a rival faction who does n't like that he got to strong and/or is starting to ignore them . 
  or the kurdish conflict , were the army wants more action , or the failure in syria ... etc. 
  what i 'm trying to say is , that i doubt this has any secularism/islamist conotations , but would n't be suprised to see them try and paint it this way . 
  they should be force to write it , much , much larger . 
  at this size , people can ignore it , thinking it is a advertising , or some pointless remarks ... as it 's intended i have no doubt . . 
  this will make the new bond movies very exciting . . 
  he 's james bonds boss now ... . . god have mercy on our souls ... 
  hungary still does n't get transylvania . 
  i 'm fine with this !, 
  this is like you sleeping with your boss 's wife and convince her to tatoo your name , then send him a pic of it . . 
  great news to hear . 
  i myself think that the journey and completing the steps to join the eu are just as beneficial to a country as being in the eu itself . 
  it gives a clear goal to the country and if public opinion is high enough politicians will implement these things , even if they do n't believe them . 
  happened here in romania , tariceanu , our prime minister at that time , created the anti-corruption agency as a campaign promise and to try and get some votes , he never expected it to come bite him in the ass . 
  now he 's the biggest opponent , still a joke thankfully , of the very institution he created . 
  wish all the luck to serbia and hope they succeed . 
  i always wonder what will happen once he dies ? 
  is medvedev strong enough to take over after putin 's gone ? 
  he is groomed by putin , but he does n't seam that '' scary '' , for lack of a better word . . 
  this . 
  they are the ones who insisted on us creating the dna , our anti-corruption agency . 
  they convinced one of our most corrupt government to create it . 
  and now they are arresting everyone left and right , even the people that created the agency in the first place ... their boss , laura codruta-kovesi enjoys approval ratings higher then any living politician ... 
  i would say the economic part , does n't factor that much into our pro-eu feelings but rather these social issues that the eu provided us with answers . 
  yeah , i think we are by far the least euroskeptic country . . 
  it 's basically political suicide to say anything against the eu . 
  only one party does it , alde but they are a joke . 
  their entire platform consists on trying to weaken the justice system . 
  they got around 6 % in the local elections and they will enter the parliament only because psd , the biggest party , will let them run alongside them . 
  i think this comes mostly from a general anger at our politicians and their stupidity or out right malice , like with alde . 
  but weirdly , the anger instead of turning into anti-eu feelings , turned into pro-eu feelings . 
  most people are simply much more likely to trust '' unelected eu bureaucrats '' , with what is best for them , then our own elected officials . 
  our current government is technocratic , after protests took down the previous one , and it enjoys quite high approval ratings , as far as i know . 
  holy crap . 
  he does n't have have the balls to pull the trigger ... cameron just ruined the political career of hundreds of people . 
  i still think he was a utter idiot with this entire referendum idea and tried to do only for couple of votes . 
  but lord is it good to see boris in this position . 
  i 'm not supporting a 2nd referendum ... just pointing out things . 
  if the results were the other way around farage would call for a 2nd referendum without a doubt . 
  what i am saying is that this needs a deep and comprehensive plan , especially from the leave side . 
  trying to get a good agreement , keeping the country together , scotland may very well leave saying anything else is foolish , they have their reason now , the eu was a huge part of the no campaign and it is gone , while scotland voted 60 % for the eu . 
  i 'm trying to say farage and all the leave side should have a more complex answer then : '' gg , no re '', 
  a surge in ukip votes would most likely ensure a labour win . 
  a sad turn of events indeed . 
  heard the weather hurt the turnout but did n't think it will tip the scale . 
  polls should n't be allowed so near elections , it hurt us here in romania too . 
  spain forbids all polls in the weak the elections take place , seems a decent proposal to me . 
  also found this comment on the guardian . 
  regardless of political views it is worth a read : if boris johnson looked downbeat yesterday , that is because he realises that he has lost . 
  perhaps many brexiters do not realise it yet , but they have actually lost , and it is all down to one man : david cameron . 
  with one fell swoop yesterday at 9:15 am , cameron effectively annulled the referendum result , and simultaneously destroyed the political careers of boris johnson , michael gove and leading brexiters who cost him so much anguish , not to mention his premiership .
