  it 's no different then telling them that they 're bulgarians or serbs . 
  eh , how many will use the full name . 
  who says they live in '' the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland '' or '' the peoples republic of china '' ? 
  the distinction will be used in official situations and papers . 
  everyone else will still just say '' macedonia '', 
  '' vardar '' i doubt is popular , and many could feel it removes the '' mecedonian '' identity from the country , even if , as i said in another comment here , '' macedonian '' means a different thing to them . 
  what would they cal themselves then ? 
  vardari ? 
  in the end the composite name with the geographic distinction is in my opinion the best solution . 
  the greeks have their distinction and they , and everyone else , can keep calling the country macedonia and the people macedonians . 
  correct , you are not wrong . 
  as i said , a clear statement that they have no territorial claims should come , and honestly it should n't be that hard . 
  but you 'll have a hard time getting them to say , that they are n't '' proper macedonians '' , they are n't greek , true , they 're slavs , and speak a slavic language . 
  but they still have built a national identity on being '' macedonians '' , even if to them '' macedonian '' means something different then to the greeks . 
  perhaps a declaration that they are '' slavic macedonians '' ... etc ? 
  one thing is certain though is that they 'll never call themselves anything else , no matter how much you may try . 
  they wo n't call themselves bulgarians or serbs or vardarians or vardars ... etc, 
  well this is tricky . 
  can you police , another states history books/classes ? 
  can you veto it 's eu/nato membership because it built a statue with a dude on a horse ? 
  multiple nations teach contradictory stuff , to fit nationalism ... etc currently the debate is about the name , and as i said a confirmation that they claim no greek land . 
  which are things that can happen , especially with the leftist parties in both countries . 
  trying to fight over past , culture , national identity is a pandoras box with no happy ending for anyone . 
  and it will lead to another impasse . 
  get '' north macedonia '' and be done with it . 
  the greeks should be pleased , and everyone else , they included , can keep calling them macedonia . 
  and give a statement clearly declaring you have no claims on greek land . 
  that is true , i saw it myself . 
  still the french subreddit is n't all of reddit . 
   wahhabism is a cancer did i say something else ? 
  you are completely right with your comment , but you forget the wahhabi revolt against the monarchy in the 1920 's when al-saud wanted to settle within the current borders , and they rebelled against him . 
  and the 1979 when they tried to incite to revolt by taking the great mosque of mecca and overthrow the monarchy like khomeini did . 
  it was after this that the clergy was given a huge amount of power from the monarchy , who wanted to appease them to avoid further revolt . 
  it was then for example that they were given control of the schools and the religious police was created . 
  trying to bring more nuance into saudi politics does n't mean i excuse wahhabism or a sympathize with terrorists as i was accused of, 
  a yes ... here it is !, 
  always on point . 
  if i try to bring more nuance and criticize iran i 'm a '' salafi/wahhabist/islamist supporter '' . 
  when i do the same and criticize saudi i get called '' a shia infidel '' when i protect kurdish rights i get called '' a terrorist sympathizer '' . 
  when i denounce pkk/tak terrorist attacks i get called '' a mongol lover '' . 
  i guess this is just confirmation that i do my job well . 
  do what you want my friend , but if you ca n't see things beyond these simplistic , black/white views , then there 's no point in me replying anymore . 
  if your first conclusion is that if i somewhat disagree with you or bring more nuance to the debate i 'm '' a terrorist sympathizer '' then there really is n't any point in talking anymore . 
  goodness grace i hate when people say this . 
  you can find hardcore marxists on reddit , and people who openly call for genocide of different groups . 
  this is true . 
  i agree . 
  but this is how the french system works ... 
   they are spreading wahhabism in europe true , but the clergy is extremely independent and does it 's own thing . 
  hell their fm outright said , '' close any mosque that you find problematic '' . 
  read saudi history , the monarchy itself is afraid of the clergy , from the wahhabi revolt against al-saud in the 1920 's to the 1979 siege of the great mosque in mecca where wahhabi fanatics tried to incite to revolution and overthrow the monarchy like khomeini did . 
  king faisal was even assassinated by a fanatic . 
   that they are waging war in yemen this is why i fully support a weapons ban . 
  they do the same in bahrein by the way . 
  but you will need certain elements from inside the monarchy to help . 
  the new crown prince , seems a bit more combatant against the clergy , he disbanded the religious police , and seems very annoyed that they stall , hinder his economic reform plans . 
  you 'll need a policy that does n't risk destroying one of the founding blocks of the modern me , which ksa is , whatever we like it or not . 
  if you think this is rock-bottom wait until saudi arabia goes to shit ... you need far more then sanctions , though they to should be used , and we should put far more pressure on the monarchy to help more . 
  sanctions wo n't stop the war in yemen . 
  which needs a comprehensive peace agreement not the retarded deal the uae did . 
  qatar funds islamists , like the muslim brotherhood and hamas , everywhere , islamists that ksa hates , here we can work together . 
  the uae funds mostly favourable regimes , not really islamist , like hadi in yemen or sissi in egypt ... etc a well thought policy needs to be created . 
  i know this is an unpopular opinion , but saudi is n't the source of every bad thing , it is of many of them , but there are others that do it to . 
  '' sanctioning '' saudi , cutting ties , allying with iran against them ... etc will not resolve things at all , if anything it will make them worse . 
  sanction who exactly ? 
  contrary to popular belief the saudi leadership does n't fund isis or al-qaeda , both who called for the overthrow of the monarchy . 
  they give plenty of guns to anti-houthi yemens and to the bahreini monarchy to keep the shias in check . 
  do some individuals funnel money to different groups like isis ? 
  absolutely , but there are thousand of extremely rich princes . 
  we need to target the sanctions very well , even work with some parts of the monarchy . 
  they 'll buy the guns from other just as eager to sell . 
  as for al-qaeda , saudis have little to do with them , it 's the only group i have doubts they fund . 
  while al-qaeda leadership has said numerous times they have a '' ceasefire '' with iran . 
  and the iranian regime has sheltered and sent them supplies when they were fighting the us in iraq . 
  the middle east is a very complex area with pretty complex politics , alliances and connections . 
  simplistic solution will resolve nothing i do support a ban on selling the saudis weapons though , bahrein to . 
  but if this is n't put together with a complete and multi-faced policy , for the entire region , it will be pointless . 
  edit : the saudis play games and cause problems everywhere true . 
  but so does qatar , the uae , iran , sudan ... etc trying to single out one country like they recently did with qatar is just pointless when all have made a mess . 
  more simplicity and binary choices ... 
  completely forgeting iran 's meddling in other countries . . 
  i guess hezbollah is all right now , i guess theocracy is fine now , i guess the houthis are fine now , guess hamas is fine to ... 
  if you really want to back any side , then empower the iraqis , like abadi , empower sistani in kerbala , who denounced khomeinism and '' valyiat el-fiqh '', 
  eh , got used to it , loosing internet points does n't bother me . 
  do n't worry though i also got plenty of opinions that would get me downvoted in r/turkey, 
  suicide car bomb . 
  gluten-free feminists have a lot in common with jihadists by the looks of it . 
  why do christians bring their hands together when praying or make a cross ? 
  it 's simply tradition, 
  those are the mandatory 5 prayers . 
  this is besides that . 
  used before eating ... etc just google '' muslim prayers '' and besides images of what you mentioned you 'll see plenty of these, 
  it 's most likely done for show . 
  they knew someone would take a pic . 
  '' look how pious we are everyone , we are most surely not stealing the country dry with our families ! '', 
  erdo just realized he deleted his saves in pokemon . 
  lol !, 
  good shitpost, 
  you could write this in swahili and i would still recognize it . 
  lmao , so true , it 's the same for algeria , you saw those '' gun dances '' ? .
