  well at least the npd is losing votes . 
  guess that 's a positive . 
  interesting read . 
  well done !, 
   '' by 1917 all but one of the male inhabitants had died . 
  many had perished from scurvy , while others ( including captain arnaud ) died during an attempt to sail after a passing ship to fetch help . 
  lighthouse keeper victoriano \u00c1lvarez was the last man on the island , together with 15 women and children . 
  [ 18 ] \u00c1lvarez  '' proclaimed himself `` king '' and began an orgy of rape and murder , before being killed by tirza rendon , who was the recipient of his unwanted attention . 
  [ 17 ] almost immediately after \u00c1lvarez 's death four women and seven children , the last survivors , were picked up by the us navy gunship yorktown on 18 july 1917 . '', 
  i can not but giggle a bit . 
  that after it owned almost half of north america . 
  france 's mighty colonial empire there was reduced to 2 little islands near canada . 
  you could n't let greece have it 's 5 minutes of fame , could you france ? 
   '' seriously / r/europe , i did n't expect this mentality here . '', 
  the sub went default , the quality dropped considerably as expected . 
  it will slowly turn into r/worldnews sadly . 
  you can have a opinion , as long as it matches mine , if not then fuck of ! / s, 
  you do have the right to protest in a democracy , even on the result of a referendum , it does n't mean things will change , but in a democracy you do have the right to protest . 
  just because a decision was made ( i do not support anything less then the uk leaving the eu now , the decision was made ) , does n't mean that 51 % of the country can tell 49 % of the country to '' shut up and suck it up '' , for example . 
  that is n't in the spirit of democracy and freedom of assembly and expression . 
  edit : not to add , the numerous lies the '' leave '' campaign was saying before the vote , many debunked . 
  people have a right to protest . 
  just as '' leave '' voters would have had a right to protests had '' remain '' won . 
  yeah , not being in shengen could give them some other possibilities . 
  one thing i 'm certain though is that the issue will be debated and analyzed , tourism from turkey is a big part of the norths economy , it would be in neither parts interest to harm this industry . 
  well neither do i. 
  but considering the rather unique situation i would n't be suprised if something similar will be implemented . 
  perhaps something on '' speeding '' up the process to aquire a visa , based on ethnicity perhaps . 
  i 'm just thinking of possibilities and such , i 'm not a expert ... 
  it was the same with romania . 
  then at long last our anti-corruption agencies woke up and started to arrest everyone . 
  every major club owner got arrested , for not paying taxes , writing smaller transfer sums so they can avoid taxes ... etc. 
  now our football is in shambles , renowned teams playing in the 4th league and so on . 
  but at least it 's clean ... . well cleaner then before , a lot though . 
  now there are some good signs to be seen . 
  dinamo , one of the most corrupt teams is pretty clean and has a young team with players mostly homegrown , there is also vitoru constanta , which is gica hagi 's team , they are very , very young , mostly players from his own academy . 
  and a funny thing becali , who owns steaua , did jail time and know whenever he buys or sells a player he goes to the stadium with papers and all proving he payed everything ... . 
  so there are good signs . 
  and to be honest , somewhat even the fans got better . 
  those '' ultras '' supporters stopped coming and some games , especially the national team , where entry for kids and women was free made the atmosphere much more civilized . 
  they are there already . 
  well the country will be a federation , if the deal goes trough , and both sides can have different laws then . 
  and i would n't be suprised if visas-free travel will be possible for turks in the northern part , but not the south part of the island . 
  yeah , even here in romania while the president has a 2-term limit , and very few powers , the pm has no limits and all power . 
  our president is even weaker then most in europe , he ca n't even dismiss parlament and call for election , unlike the austrian president for example . 
  great news !, 
  truly hope it will pass and both sides will be satisfied with what they got . 
  once again proving diplomatic accords and dialogue are a viable option !, 
  they may take longer true , and both sides may feel a bit '' cheated '' , but like my father used to say : '' you know a deal is good and durable , when both sides feel they could/should have got more ... '' but the alternative is much , much worse in my opinion . 
  no matter how '' small '' it may be , although i myself consider the deal quite big !, 
  a victory for diplomacy and dialogue is always welcomed !, 
  she can . 
  the position is just like the pm in the uk . 
  thatcher ruled for decades , for example . 
  no , it 's basically a pm , there are no term limits on them . 
  look at the uk where thatcher ruled for decades . 
  i think even germany has term limits for the president , but his role , just like in most countries , is ceremonial . 
  i agree , but this precise ban was extremely vague and poorly thought out . 
  i would be just as fine with a ban if at least it was consistent with itself . 
  i enumerated some '' flaws '' i saw in the law and no one gave me any answers . 
  just to cite couple of them : if a man wears a wet-suit will he be fined ? 
  if my wife for example wears one , she did in vacation , couple of years ago , because she got sunburned really bad , would she be fined ? 
  would the police not target her because she is white ? 
  will she be given a ideological text and fined only if she is muslim ? ... etc. 
  can any hungarian give me a '' inside '' look into orban ? 
  whenever he apears on tv here he seams very anti-eu/brussels , but then he says something like this and i do n't know what to think of ... ? 
  i 'm starting to think the name is actually more harmful then the piece of cloth itself . 
  go google '' burkini '' / '' burqini '' it has nothing to do with the burka . 
  hell it was invented by a australian born , muslim women . 
  reverse triannon ? / s on a serious note though , i 'm not that suprised , plenty of fascists and all sorts of extremists ran from romania when the soviets started their purges . 
  plenty of good , intelligent guys left as well though . 
  so it 's a mix . . 
  this '' sensational '' media , that values clicks over rational debate is in my opinion , one of the worst trends in the 21st century . 
  or it was always like this but the internet made it more obvious , who knows . 
  and before i get downvoted , i mean all media that does this , be it '' left wing '' or '' right wing '' . 
   '' his father a romanian . '', 
  i 'm ... really sorry . . / s, 
  a '' burkini '' , i really dislike the name though , it has nothing to do with the burka , which is worn in afghanistan , has no veil , just a wetsuit that also covers the hair . 
  funny note , i found it only yesterday , it was invented by a australian mulsim born women . 
  damn , your right ... that 's why i get for writing on reddit at work . 
  he ca n't do whatever he wants either . 
  there are rules and courts that decide if laws are constitutional ... etc. 
  thanks !, 
  and from the '' left '' ? 
  will hollande run again ? 
  i agree . 
  laws should be clear and without room of interpretation . 
  leaving aside any '' moral '' part of the debate , the law was simply badly written and poorly thought out . 
  any court in any democratic country would have done the same . 
  the separation of power is about the state and church not having political power . 
  people are still allowed to have a religion and follow it even in a secular country . 
  but putting aside the '' moral '' part of the issue . 
  the truth is simple , no court in a democratic country could have admitted this law the way it was formulated in this situation . 
  even a mediocre lawyer could have ripped it apart . 
  what are his chances of being the party 's candidate ? 
  this was obvious for anyone with any basic knowledge on how laws work . 
  no court in any democratic country would have left the law , in the version it was formulated here . 
  we did the same back in the early 90 's i believe . 
  well you are correct , but they are n't really fighting . 
  jarablus was held by isis , and most land they will take will be taken from isis .
