  i think the same of all countries by the way . 
  russians officials directly insulted romania numerous times , and i know many russians agree with him , i would still love visiting it though . 
  same here , you had to pay a fee , i guess for the food . . 
  those in tunisia where 2 years ago yes , when isis was at it 's height and controlled a lot of libya , there has n't been any since . 
  i 'm not really going into all that comment on turkey . 
  it 's clear you got a strong opinion on them . 
  the alcohol i drank there was just fine , no different then stuff here . 
  and i do n't care what governments say . 
  i myself spent a lot of time in turkey over the years , and never had any problems with the people , they where always nice to me , and i sure as hell did n't spent all my time only in izmir or '' secular '' places . 
  most of the places i mentioned are fine if you 're a women , i travelled with a friend of mine , in couple of those countries , and she had no problems . 
  only 2 places i noticed problems where jordan and egypt . 
  in jordan man cat-call like crazy , it 's like a sport , and they love it when you answer back ... 
  in egypt , as i said in the comment , it felt even to me less safe . 
  i was there with her , and it was the only country she asked me to go with her out . 
  she walked alone in the other countries ( uae , lebanon , jordan , turkey ) just fine . 
   i do n't think we have that . 
  '' back in my days '' ... we used to go to a restaurant after we finished high-school . 
   what do i need to enter your country ? 
  visa-free  what places i cant miss ? 
  sibiu , '' vama veche '' is beach , where young people go with tents , to drink their minds out and party like hell , if you 're young and into that stuff do go there . 
  be warned though i have been told '' it is n't what it used to be '' ...  should i rent a car ? 
  i actually never rented a car , got no idea how that stuff works here ... but you should if you can , public transport is crap . 
   how many days should i stay ? 
  how many you want . 
   where are you from and how are argentinians seen in your country ? 
  romania . 
  good i guess , besides maradona and messi , i doubt most know anything more . 
  your soap operas used to be popular before we got the turkish ones . 
   what 's the best place to visit on holidays ? 
  transylvania is great , but i might be a bit biased !, 
   what 's the best food on the continent ? 
  italian for me . 
  turks have some great deserts that i love . 
   where can you find the prettiest women in europe ? 
  depends on your tastes . 
  scandinavians are like you can imagine , taller , blonde , blue eyes ... etc. 
  i myself find spanish and portuguese girls , very pretty, 
  when did this happen ? 
  did dutch citizens in turkey get arrested or deported , when he had that conflict with the netherlands ? 
  erdo wo n't do that . 
  you do n't really know him if you think he 'll do anything remotely like that . 
  he wo n't attack foreigners . 
  all his oppression is towards his own people . 
  hell he just told foreign investors , many europeans , that the state of emergency , can be used , if they want , to stop union protests and other things they dislike . 
  erdo is all '' bark no-bight '' when it comes to foreigners . 
  the only one i can think of is that german reporter of turkish origins , arrested . 
  but he got arrested for being a journalist , just like hundreds of turks did . 
  he got released if i remember right . 
  well they 're free now , the state is n't persecuting them anymore , so they can act more '' openly '' . 
  they where always there , just like in egypt and turkey . 
  they where just hiding it from the government . 
  and i was speaking of attacks and such , not islamists, 
  mostly turks and arabs used to go to that club . 
  besides 1 russian , no other europeans died , if i remember right . 
  the attacker did n't really looked for foreigners , most of the victims where turks , 12 , and followed by saudis , 7 . 
   it 's not terrorism , but it 's far from `` perfectly fine '' . 
  i 'm speaking of safety , not garbage is n't a threat to you . 
  still things got a lot better , it 's not like it was even 1 year ago . 
  beirut , baalbek . . etc are more then worth seeing . 
   very high car accident rate ( everyone drives drunk ) is it really drinking though ? 
  driving like crazy happens everywhere in the arab world . 
  even in saudi . 
  anyway , crazy drivers are a thing almost all countries have . 
  coming from romania , it was n't that big of an impact to me . 
   but i personally prefer to not support such heinous practices . 
  agreed with you . 
  this , in my opinion , is a fully valid opinion . 
  outside of the kurdish south-east i would say it 's safe . 
  did n't hear of any attacks on antalya . 
  oh , all right , this is a valid opinion . 
  i do that as well with some countries . 
  i thought you meant that turkey is not safe . 
  he is . 
  but how does political opression of the opposition , journalists ... etc stop me from enjoying the warm sea and great turkish food ? 
  should we not visit vietnam , laos , thailand is now under a military dictatorship . 
  algeria is a dictatorship , but from friends that visited it , it looks great . 
  i do n't understand why internal repression has anything to do with tourism . . 
   but it is far more likely that you will be kidnapped , raped , murdered , or robbed in a muslim majority nation than in the west . 
  what 's your definition of the '' west '' ? 
  are we westerners to you ? 
  mate i can assure that the countries i pointed above , remove egypt and tunisia if you want , are safe . 
  no one in morocco , or jordan , or oman , or malaysia , or indonesia , or the uae ... etc will do anything to you . 
  sure there are shittier parts in the country , but why would you go visit them if you 're a tourist ? 
  this has nothing to do with values . 
  i 'm more likely to get mugged and get my car stolen in bulgaria then i 'm in oman or the uae edit : are brazil and el salvador '' western '' to you ? 
  because you 're more likely to get kidnapped and murdered in these countries , then you are in morocco or indonesia . 
  mate you 'll be perfectly fine in almost all places . 
  from indonesia to malaysia to marocco , to the uae , to oman , to turkey , to lebanon , to jordan . 
  tunisia is also fine , they had no attacks in a long while i 've been to most of these places , and it was perfectly safe . 
  i even visited egypt , and it was fine , i fucking loved it , though it did feel a bit less safer then the others . 
  avoid the sinai though . 
  edit : a friend also visited algeria and loved it . 
  i would also have added qatar , but with the current shitshow i 'm hesitant, 
  what 's wrong with turkey ? 
  and tunisia had no attacks in quite some time . 
  sisi is a complete failure . 
  he ca n't even assure the security he promised, 
  you 're a lunatic, 
  more or less the same as bahcelis who 's in government right now with erdogan . 
  you 're right .
