  poor pnl , our main opposition party is to stupid to even have a tv channel of their own ... sometimes i really pity these idiots ... 
  schultz did give the spd a pretty big bump , but he slowly lost momentum it looks . 
  bribe taking has went down considerably in recent years . 
  i remember when i was young and went with my brother and father to the doctor , he is in a wheelchair , was born with some problems , we had to bring the nurses and ladies there coffee , chocolate ... etc otherwise we would wait for an eternity . 
  i do n't remember well , as i was little , but my father told me how when they went to bucharest to the doctor there , his car was full with potatos , palinca/tuica , cheese ... etc to give to the staff there , otherwise they would treat him like crap , a nurse even gave my brother old medicine instead of modern ones , if father would n't give her stuff . 
  funny enough , we rarely gave bribes in money , but giving '' gifts '' , like food , drinks . . etc was simply normal , everyone did it, 
  could n't the zoo take care of the other ? 
  man , the 90 's where shit . 
  we do this stuff here to ... we '' bless '' everything . 
  the fact that this actually exists ... 
  hahaha post the pic with her and erdo , to confuse people even more, 
  i went to the london olympics , and it was quite nice . 
  had a great time . 
  still a long time until 2024 , but i 'm glad it 's so close and in europe . 
  this one looks quite nice . 
  combines modernity with traditional patterns , styles quite well . 
  try also looking at lebanon , they have quite a few good looking '' modern '' mosques . 
  still though , i still like more traditional mosques , i find that these new ones lack ... '' soul '' to say so . 
  nothing made in recent years truly compares with [ this ] ( http://gravity.ir/nasir-al-mulk-mosque-in-shiraz/ ) or [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shah_mosque ), 
   which is owned by a friend of guess who ? 
  i simply have no clue ... 
  i really need to find that article i read . 
  a turkish friend sent it to me . 
  it was n't only about mosque building , though it did speak of that as well , but it went into detail on just how corrupt the construction and infrastructure businesses are in turkey . 
  and almost all is related to the akp/erdo, 
  you should also check who owns the construction firm ... etc i have no doubt they have connections with erdo or the akp . 
  they 're carbon-copies , so they can be done faster . 
  easier for the construction firms to make them . 
  would n't be shocked at all if he gives these contracts to friends , who then make a fortune of this . 
  no doubt a lot of corruption , cronyism , nepotism and stealing is involved in these projects . 
  i remember reading an article about this subject earlier this year . 
  i 'll try to find it . 
  edit : great mosque by the way . 
  classical ottoman and iranian are my favourite styles . 
  modern stuff , as mostly always , is just crap . 
  the images and videos coming from the city are just incredible ... stay safe lads . 
  i 'm shocked, 
  so safe , not even we can get it back ... 
  he 's most likely going to go on a tirade calling us '' ungrateful '' for all the '' progress '' and '' industry '' the soviets brought us . 
  is he going to threaten to bomb us again ? 
  this is to much, 
  true , i guess . 
  i lived most of my childhood just a 15 mins drive away from it but i never visited it ... 
  did n't expect a prequal meme here , out of all places ... 
  i do n't deny that , but many are also just islamist , though knowing hiftar he will think these are worst . 
  but how ideological are their soldiers , not leaders ? 
  how many joined for the cash ? 
  how many did it for the fame ... etc during the '' surge '' , which worked quite well in iraq ( well in military terms at least . 
  maliki fucked the political situation in his 2nd term ) , patraeus emphasized the importance of dividing these groups , and realizing that not all of their fighters are ideological . 
  i 'm afraid hiftar will use the '' war on terror '' excuse and target all of them . 
  a good chunk of these militias , would gladly join a united army if they where promised a decent salary ( and perhaps amnesty . 
  the ideological leaders must be taken care of though . 
   r most of them are bad news and should be dismantled fully . 
  this risks uniting them in an anti-hiftar alliance , out of fear . 
  dividing them up as much as possible , and giving their fighters more options , like i said above would be better . 
   haftar should also crack down on militias in sabha . 
  they went full retard i agree more on this . 
  still yet again i would advise dividing them , as much as possible , and not putting them , completely , with their backs at the wall . 
   now realise that libya is a hundred times less stable and have to create something from scratch . 
  an often ignored part . 
  gaddafi , did what all dictators did , destroy civil society and any opposition . 
  he may have built nice roads , but in the long term he doomed libya . 
  a crisis and civil war would 've been very probable after his death , his sons did n't have his influence and prestige and , unlike egypt , the army was a shell , purged and basically dead . 
  this lack of authority was a perfect recipe for the creation of tribal and local militias . 
   this will need a follow up , tho . 
  i hope ... 
  i really hope . 
  that 's why i think , that as many militias from the west have to be merged into a future united army . 
  anything to reduce the salafi influence . 
  i think some ultimatum has to be given , after some sort of unity government is formed , '' join the government and get amnesty '' or something on these lines . 
  let 's be honest , trying to pass '' justice '' will be pointless , all sides did plenty of crimes , looting , killings , rape ... etc haftars ( off-topic , how is the right way haftar or hiftar ? 
  i 've seen libyans themselves writing it both ways ... ) militias are hardly innocent . 
  very good points , and i do agree on most of them . 
  will reply just to a few points :  because it point is to merge civilian sector ( gna ) with military ( lna ) . 
  as i said , i fully support a unity government , i have always supported this . 
  and seeing serraj and hiftar together was very nice . 
   as for qatar and turkey , let me be frank . 
  them . 
  sure , i agree , but hate them or not , they 're still part of this . 
  not having them somehow at least , on board is problematic . 
  i agree that misrata needs to chose , and quickly , if not the entire city , and all the civilians , will suffer . 
  but i 'm also hesitant on hiftar . 
  he has quite a few salafi militias , they already tried shit in tobruk , some time ago . 
  and he has shown a tendency to ally with them against the mb . 
  i have no love for the mb , but i got none for the salafis either . . having imams call ibadis infidels for example . 
  he needs to address this stuff . 
  i do hope the cease-fire will work though , and as i said , i 'm very glad to see serraj together with hiftar . 
  i hope a unity government will be formed soon . 
  i also hope that hiftar does n't try to go full dictator , i think that will simply restart the fighting again . 
  but honestly i doubt he could do it , libya has changed quite a lot , i just ca n't see 1 person holding ultimate power like gaddafi did . 
   i just ca n't imagine elections solving anything every libyan will tell you just this . 
  elections will polarize and divide the country even more . 
  ask any libyan what he thinks the biggest mistake was and he 'll tell '' holding elections so soon '' libya needs 1 or even 2 years under a unity government , they need to write a constitution and create a unified army . 
  ( something they never really had in their history . 
  ghadafi never wrote a constitution , and he destroyed the army out of paranoia ) only then hold elections . 
   the real material conditions and tribal conflicts within libya prevent it . 
  the problem , as silly as it may sound is '' sharing '' . 
  under ghaddafi , they got used to having 1 men decide everything , absolutely everything . 
  now each city , village , tribe ... etc is scared that the governing group , will take all the wealth for themselves . 
  and not without reason ...
