  but better an official mosque , then random appartment ones there are in bucharest , funded by arab businessmen . 
   turkey is a very very conservative society . 
  true , did i say something else ? 
   is not so much in terms of ideology . 
  when was the last time a turk did a terrorist attack ? 
  there is a great difference , in my opinion , and i visited quite a lot of mosques , arab and turkish . 
   turkey and saudi arabia support same islamists turkey is allied with qatar much more than ksa . 
  erdogan as well is much more closely allied with the muslim brotherhood , which ksa hates , and turkey has it 's own militias in syria , especially in al-bab , they are building entire new ones . 
  ksa funded nusra , and still does , after they got a foothold in al-bab , turkey is putting money in those militias . 
  not to mention the turkmen militias that turkey funds , saudis are more focused on arab ones . 
  abaya is simply a '' long dress '' usually a black one , not always though , which is mandatory in ksa . 
  you must be thinking of the hijab . 
  which , ironically is actually not mandatory in ksa . 
  ironically not turkey . 
  akps religious stance combined with strong nationalism , and erdo 's paranoia at loosing influence to someone else , keeps them away . 
  the diyanet has been very effective at keeping wahhabism out of turkey . 
  people shit a lot on turks , not without merits sometimes , but the turkish mosques are by far the best in the entirety of europe . 
  if anyone can lose this election it 's may . 
  he had no army . 
  a reason post ghaddafi libya collapsed . 
  even hafter is a self stylized general . 
  ghaddafi became very paranoid and destroyed the army . 
  he feared someone would remove him , like he removed the king . 
  that 's why the '' army '' deserted so quickly and he had to bring mercenaries from africa , his '' troops '' where made to parade and leach money , not to shoot at the people . 
  erdogan is a populist . 
  he 's '' islamist '' agenda is very 1 man focused , not institutional like the gulenists . 
  erdogan wants power , nothing more or less . 
  he 's an authoritarian bastard but i myself do n't see him purely as a '' islamist '' . 
  he changed the constitution bu added nothing '' islamic '' in it . 
  not to mention since he allied with bahceli he went much more nationalistic then he used to be . 
  gulen has beliefs similar to khomeini , he has a purpose , a '' divine '' if you believe some hardcore followers . 
  erdogan 's end goal is to stay in power and steal the country dry with his family . 
   her dad founded a consulting firm there a consulting firm in the ivory coast . 
  there is no way this is clean . 
  that sounds good . 
  hoping you guys can improve somewhat now . 
  by the way . 
  what 's sdsms position on the entire name debacle ? 
   ( or dead people ) voting our de facto ruler , the speaker of the house , and leader of psd our leftiest party , was found guilty just of that . 
  we jokingly call him the '' necromancer '' . 
  he 's a big bastard , more than other psd leaders before him . 
  purged his own party of dissidents , backstabbed his friend and ally and bribed the rest . 
  should have seen the voting ballot for party leadership , just like in communist times , there was only 1 option , dragnea himself . 
  he rules the country like he ruled his province , which is the poorest in the country , with huge lvls of cronyism and nepotism . 
  he could n't be pm himself because of the previous charges that he was found guilty of . 
  now he put a puppet there . 
   erhaps most creative was their tactic of giving huge amounts of people pointless jobs in the public sector in exchange for votes , so that something that 25 % of people with a job in the country work for the state , and many of them do n't even have to turn up to work . 
  this is a thing all over the region . 
  happens quite simillar here as well . 
   sdsm are by no means perfect , but they represent the only way to take steps to move our country into the 21st century ah ... i know that feeling . . thanks for the write-up . 
   sdsm managed to build a coalition with the albanian parties how stable is the coalition ? 
  will the president try to '' sabotage '' the government ? 
  does he have enough powers if he wished to ? 
   to make things difficult for marine and then laugh at her anytime she fails . 
  what a loving father . 
   `` permanently for some time '' what, 
  exactly . 
  to me , that 's a clear sign of very superficial knowledge , when people throw afghanistan in the same category with syria . 
   afghanistan i always love when people compare this with syria . 
  ok . we should n't remove the '' ` secular '' ' regime in damascus because syria will be a jihadist heaven then . 
  but we should have allowed the jihadist regime in afghanistan to stay ? 
  the same regime that kept bin laden hidden and gave him supplies and shelter . 
  and before you mention the us arming the mujahadeen i would remind you they are not , and never been the taliban . 
  they are 2 distinct factions . 
  do n't think they wo n't just leave . 
  they did it in afghanistan to, 
   they are winning a commitment for the next decades , they already confirmed they 'll take no part in reconstruction . 
  it brings less i would argue . 
  they can disengage from there much easier . 
  what does this have to do with russias involvement ? 
  russia has made it clear they will take no part in reconstruction . 
  they 'll leave after they get a military '' victory '' pump up the propaganda at home and get the fuck out . 
  whatever happens next they 'll blame on someone else . 
   not a renouncement of his policies , but a strategic move . 
  this is key . 
  couple of days ago we debated how macron will divide the right-wing . 
  and i said back then . 
  interesting to see will be , if the center-right will compromise or if macron will do it . 
  will see soon i guess . 
   children with down-syndrome f.i. 
  or high functioning autists . 
  i get why this might be a problem . 
  this seemed out of place for me as well . 
  either they are wrong or we are far more progressive then i ever thought . . 
  can confirm . 
  people are superstitious here no doubt , atheism and such is still rare and somewhat looked down upon , but people are hardly hardcore believers . 
  having such a shitty clergy helps . 
  '' do what the priest says , not what he does '' is a common phrase here . 
  my father for example believes in god but has n't been to church in his entire life . 
  i never remember seeing him talking about faith and such , except making fun of my aunt ... 
  he also hates when people pray for things instead of working for them . 
  he is very conservative though on issues such as gay marriage , but i would put cultural norms here as the biggest factors , not religion . 
  mostly because he is very pro-abortion in general , as most romanians are . 
  i think in general he 's a decent example of how faithful romanians are . 
  that sounds great !, 
  i 'm a chicken guy myself, 
   they forced all handicapped children into regular school classes . 
  what kind of handicapped do you mean ? 
  physical ? 
  i have a younger brother stuck in a wheelchair .
