  thus chp does n't really lose votes to akp but neither can they break their celing , kurd wo n't vote for chp , it is pointless to try , and their '' left wing '' stances pushes away the '' right wing '' vote , who erdogan swollowed , and formed akp who is a coalition consisting of normal conservative right wing parties to dozens of smaller islamist parties , of various degree of moderates and extremists . 
  held together by erdogan alone , gulen helped but he is gone now . 
  once erdogan dies/leaves the party will implode now chp would be more then ready to make a coalition with either mhp or hdp , but the problem is that you will never , ever , make those 2 sit at the same table . 
  this in my opinion , shows turkeys split in politics , in '' de jure '' and '' de facto '' . 
  turkey on paper is a multiple party parlimentary democracy . 
  like italy for example or germany . 
  the thing though , is that this means coalitions need to be formed to govern , but they ca n't be made because of to different positions and parties . 
  while the opposition can deny akp a majority and even governship , because none will ally with them , neither can they form a governing , majority coalition . 
  but in reality akp acts like in a american 2 party system , where each party has about half the votes , but the opposition ca n't unite , thus akp wins by default . 
  now erdogan wants usa style of presidential power but here i actually am not that worried . 
  in this system , it is erdogan who will campaign , who will ask for votes directly , not akp . 
  akp has never broke 45 % of votes ( similar situation in romania with psd ) , erdogan won his presidential race with 51 % against 2 very weak candidates , who split the vote . 
  turkish elections are free , freer then russia 's and freer then all the muslim world and most of asia , if fraud goes on , it is at the same level it happens in romania , old people getting flour , oil , sugar mostly in rural areas . 
  in a presidential system , especially when someone was in power for so long , elections turn into a refferendum on that person . 
  with many people voting against him rather then for his opponent . 
  people are worried of erdogan imposing such a system , with good reasons , but this system also weakens erdogans greatest asset . 
  the assured victory of akp because of the oppositions failure to form a coalition . 
  if he was smart , he would keep the current system and never have to fear losing . 
  but he wants it all , he wants to decide by himself in a presidential system , but in my opinion , this hurry , this paranoid actions of his , the failure of all his promises . 
  the economy is going down , the truce with pkk is no more , isis attacks , a attempted coup by his formal ally because of their rivalry . 
  all this prove he was wrong , chaos can appear even if he rules . 
  thus erdogan in his attempt for unlimited power may lose it all , in a decisive and humiliating slap in the face from the turkish people . 
  cnn reports 14 dead sadly . 
  i would say these are good articles , to give you a view of the organization . 
  http://english.aawsat.com/2016/07/article55354746/exile-might-derail-erdogans-grand-design http://english.aawsat.com/2016/07/article55354751/turkey-erdogan-wins-first-round-long-fight amir taheri is a pro-democracy , quite '' republican '' though and anti-obama , exiled iranian journalist , he wrote some very good articles about turkey and they are bias-free from what i asked of my turkish friends i truly recomand him , not only on turkey related articles but also his articles on the arab spring/iranian politics ... etc. 
  very well written and more then worth a read , even if you disagree with him on some things , i know i do !, 
  oh , no doubt syria is the main reason putin agreed to this . 
  erdogan may have multiple reasons , but the kurdish issue is without a doubt the main one . 
  what i find '' funny '' , interesting may be the better word though , is that putin , in my opinion , comes out of this looking worse then erdogan . 
  here is this '' strong man '' who does as he pleases , who he alone can fix things , having to welcome someone he insulted , quite harshly , someone whose order killed russian people/citizen and having to accept a half-assed apology , like you said . 
  while erdogan got out of this , looking like he can do anything he wants and not even putin can do anything about it and has to court him/turkey . 
  it will be interesting to see how things evolve , but without a doubt both must feel very week and uncertain if they decided this is their best course of action . 
  ah , how you love to pretend you 're not balkan slovenia ... 
  that was when ceausescu was still '' normal '' . 
  everything changed after his visit to north korea . 
  that 's how you do a coup . . 
  as i thought erdogan is n't really doing a re-alignment but rather tries to play both parts . 
  he says his friendly toward both and against neither , so it is them who have to court him . 
  he is n't going to join putin and abandon nato in my opinion , while both putin and erdogan try to act like this is a show of force , erdogan wants the wests support against the coup and putin wants to show that he can destabilize nato , but the fact that only 6 or so months ago they were sworn enemies and rivals , to me proves that both are weaker then before , or at the very least that is how they feel . 
  it 's not even a right-wing thing honestly , it has to do more with the elections . 
  he 's trying to gather as many votes he can , he said his party will get 20 % in the elections , but that is a pipe dream , if he gets 6-8 % he should count himself lucky . 
  our nationalistic party just lost it 's leader , he passed away , and since then basescu has become more nationalistic , most see it simply as a electoral move . 
  he did n't say anything about these problems , when he was in office and had means to actually do something about it . 
  i have little doubt will discusses the problems with the serbian government when the time comes , and i have even less doubt that serbia will do it 's best . 
  in any case , romania wo n't veto serbia 's eu bid . 
  he 's gone crazy since he left , do n't even pay attention to him . 
  this comes from someone who voted twice for him . 
  and he 's trying to gain prm 's votes , our ultra nationalistic part , now that vadim is dead , so he can boost his electoral percentage by a whooping 3 % ... . 
  told you will get back at you bulgaria ... and western europe ? 
  i find this competition we have absolutely hilarious !, 
  there is even a saying here '' well at least , we 're better then bulgaria '' ... will have you next time !, 
  ah the eternal romanian problem . 
  we bring foreign people to rule us well ( our first king ) , we have competent governing for the first time , in a long , long while . 
  and then our own elected officials and democracy ruins it all ... / s i still hope pnl/usr do well and perhaps udmr/pmp will join them and support ciolos as pm . 
  i would like him to remain independent but i would be ready accept him joining pnl if it means he will lead the party and remain pm . 
  while still not perfect , especially the udmr and pmp part , in my opinion it would still be better then psd/alde and liviu '' i was found guilty , with no right to appeal , for electoral fraud '' dragnea and calin '' i will get arrested soon '' tariceanu . 
  if this fails , i will put all my hopes in dna and that they will arrest most of them . 
  this !, 
  our farmers refuse to forms '' unions '' because they think these are just like those during the communist era , were the state took away their land . 
  it is false of course , in these modern '' unions '' the state plays no role whatsoever . 
  by forming unions , just like you said , the supermarkets have a place they can go and sign contracts , this gives the producer much more negotiating power and eliminates the '' middle man '' . 
  this is what the politicians should do but alas laws in romania are thought out and refined only after they passed ... ... 
  it 's basically the same if a joker would call police and say there is a bomb in the parlament, 
  to be honest , there are quite a lot of people who are against this . 
  my biggest problem is that law is very vague and not really thought out . 
  for example during the winter , romanian producers can simply not fulfill the demand , and we need to import . 
  the law fails to even mention this problem . 
  it could be a good law , all though as a supporter of free-trade i also disagree with it on principle . 
  to me it smells like a classic populist law meant to be introduced right before elections . 
  in my opinion it would be better to help farmers and producers so they could actually fulfill that demand , rather then force it upon the supermarkets . 
  i do n't even know what they 'll do if romanian producers ca n't fulfill all demand , which most admited they ca n't , especially during winter . 
  the only way then to abide this law , would be to have fewer goods in the supermarkets , which no one will like ... edit : another point , our farming relies mostly on the weather , as we lack irigations . 
  so what happens if 1 year we have a '' bad season '' , where will the sm get the goods ? 
  they will have to reduce the number of goods they sell so they can fit the 51 % quota . 
  so i say , how about first , we help farmers get irigations and modern tools , and teach them how farming works in the 21st century , so they can truly fulfill the needs of the supermarkets and the consumer , rather then telling the supermarkets what , and how much , they can buy or not . 
  as much as i detest and dislike our politicians and everything to do with them i really love judicial institutions , especially in the past 3 or so years . 
  i had little doubt those people would be arrested quickly and truth would be revealed . 
  ukraine is a better example in my opinion . 
  i just do n't believe romania could 've fallen into dictatorship , i do not see who could have done it . 
  iliescu is really the only one i can think of but even he lost a election and admited defeat . 
  there was vadim , he could have become president , riding a anti-establishment wave of feeling , but his party could never really have won a majority in parlament . 
  you do n't send us '' a truckton of money '' there are funds we can access if we meet certain requirments . 
  and we are shit at doing that , thus we ca n't access that money , which remains with the eu . 
  most eu funds that we do absorb are used correctly , mostly because it is very , very difficult to steal them . 
  most eu funds are used on infrastructure in small and medium towns , because it 's there is no other way to finance these projects , because the government will never give them that money . 
  or private individuals asking for funds to create their own businesses . 
  most people who do this are those who worked abroad and returned home with experience and knowledge , most are in farming and such . 
  you do n't give us money , and we just burn it away , that is not how things work . 
  there is a fund we can access if we meet certain requirments , and it is this that we are bad at . 
  not to say that if we do n't access that money in a certain time frame , i admit i do not know the exact period , something like 2 or 4 years , we lose access to that money . 
  thank you !, 
  no , we would have turned into ukraine , moldova or belarus . 
  we would have never starting cleaning corruption in that way . 
  not because we did n't want to , just because it would have been almost impossible to do it alone , and i say this with extreme confidence . 
  well , they have to be , to have a message . 
  they can hardly win votes if they are for/against taxes or other such '' normal '' issues . 
  as most likely the biggest 2 parties already established themselves on both sides of the debate . 
  so they need to find something that both parties agree , so they can '' fight '' them on something , most often it is the status quo , right now that is the eu . 
  take ukip for example , now that the eu question is decided they seem to be in a bit of disarey , and i would be very supprised if they would do as well in the next elections , barring any massive change , something like may deciding they wo n't leave the eu , is the only thing i can think of . 
  thanks for the source !,
