  i used to carry him to school daily , while we both studied there . 
  it was quite good . 
  sure it took some work but he 's my brother . 
  and he made plenty of friends , the kids liked pushing his wheelchair and moving him around . 
  and conditions here are crap , even more so a decade ago . 
  no ramps , nothing . 
  i lifted him with the wheelchair to the 2nd floor on stairs dozens of times a day . 
  right until i left for university . 
  the last 3 years of high-school his friends came and brought him to school . 
  i would n't want to imagine how shitty his life might have been if teachers came to our house as the school insisted at first . 
  so while there might be some issues at first i think it 's worth it . 
  if you speak of mental problems then i can see the issues , and would advise separate schooling . 
  it could be i do n't say no . 
  he did n't rename the city that , this is certain . 
  could be a story made by later sultans or hell by the people themselves . 
  what is certain is that someone , somewhere called the city that way . 
  quite a good possibility . 
  but yes , finding the exact origin is very hard , if not impossible . 
  for example it could be even a combination of both '' eis tin '' sound quite like '' ista '' and '' bul '' could come from the '' bol '' in islambol '' . 
  very possible . 
  mehmet ii also called the city '' islambol '' or '' place where islam abounds '' both are similar and i would ' t be suprized if the word has multiple origins, 
  well in theory the city was called konstantiniyye by officials and in papers . 
  ataturk changed the name to istanbul during his '' turkification '' policies . 
  but locals called it istanbul already for quite some time . 
  and people say germans have no humour !, 
  it is a joke right ? 
  right ? 
  lmao, 
  thank you !, 
  when 's the big protest planned by navalny ? 
   kremlin bots are all over twitter right now , spamming that only 5k attended the protest . 
  kremlin bots ruined twitter for me . 
  even worse since the_donald / 4chan joined, 
  i mean just gypsies not immigrants in general . 
  funniest thing is that we are n't the only country with gypsy minorities . 
  bulgaria , hungary and slovakia have considerable minorities of gypsies . 
  but somehow only we get blamed . 
   for the same reason . 
  and if you are somewhat well of financially you can live a great life in some idyllic transylvanian village/city, 
  psds retardation is hardly enough , in my opinion . 
  sure it will make iohannis president again . 
  psd hardly has a bench anymore , dragnea purged them all . 
  and dragnea is to spoiled , people will rally behind iohannis . 
  there 's no one else who could win . 
  who ? 
  lmao but 5 years from now , during the parliamentary elections , the opposition needs to wake up . 
  i voted for pnl only because ciolos . 
  why would i vote for orban or predoiu ? 
  the anti-psd voters will stay at home , again , while psds voters will be there at 8 in the morning as always . 
  we need a stronger opposition . 
  i will vote for usr next elections if pnl stays just as stupid , but nicusor dan is n't a strong leader nor can he do it alone . 
  i still hope ciolos will do something . 
   more people will wake up unnecessary . 
  61 % of romania did n't vote . 
  we need to boost turnout, 
  see then . 
  joining schengen wo n't change anything . 
  we have free movement already . 
  seriously just do a quick google search . 
  we ai n't there yet, 
   absolutely fasctinating how some folks here comment on the issue without having the smallest idea what schengen actually is . 
  fyi the migration already happened , romanian citizens can work freely all over the eu , no problems there . 
  fascinating indeed . 
  they 're acting like a 5 min check at the border is keeping the '' romanian hordes '' from emigrating, 
  we have freedom of movement already . 
  not joining schengen will delay our fleeing workers by 10 min at the border . 
  joining it will please farmers and companies , possibly creating more jobs , thus less labour flight . 
  for us there 's no downside joining . 
   ( somewhat irrational well there is a history . 
  these things stay in the collective memory of people for quite some time . 
  finally someone that did n't fall for the overpopulation meme !, 
   looks like a new tactic by the establishment to create the illusion of change and vivacity and progress . 
  so trump . 
  half of macrons candidates are from the civil society . 
  the others are rude . 
   he question is how do we move forward and improve the conditions well said . 
   ( hence the initials ) . 
  i never realized this lol . 
  extremely shitty joke , very poorly thought out . 
  exactly my kind of joke !, 
   95 % not incumbents might this resonate well on voters ? 
  now this is impressive . 
  '' macron chooses gender equal candidates '' . 
  really glad he refused valls . 
  macron has efectively divided the left , i 'll be very curious to see what he does with the right . 
  they 'll try to play hard , no doubt . 
  it will be interesting to see if it will be macron to compromise or them . 
  honestly just this . 
  getting tired of comparing everything with america . 
  not a clickbait title , wo n't get attention like the other one sadly . 
  regardless . 
  i 'm very impressed at the young age of the candidates . 
  add macron refusing valls and i 'm very impressed so far . 
  looks like macron does n't want to bow to others . 
  but that wo n't get clicks and outrage, 
  this will be key . 
  if their airlines are exempt it is protectionism and would make the entire '' safety '' argument pointless . 
  just hope european airlines wo n't start doing the same . 
  i 'm unironically sad that the jordanian prince did n't win . 
  protv is not a propaganda outlet .
