  agreed , the the biggest problem is making the islamists stay in line and respect the democratic process while also making sure hafter does n't have dictatorial ambitions . 
  anyway , while still fragile , this deal is a step forward , something i ca n't say about syria . . 
  or communist in eastern europe . 
  the coup resolved nothing . 
  the muslim brotherhood is still there as strong as ever . 
  40 years of opression from mubarak did n't kill it , sissi wo n't either . 
  how did the coup from 1980 saved turkey 's secularism ? 
  if anything it made the islamists stronger in the long run . 
  this is classical kicking the can down the road . 
  everything in egypt will happen again sooner or later . 
  ironically letting morsi rule , could have hurt their voting numbers more . 
  of course if elections would be free , and this is what i believe we must insist on , the process being fair , not getting angry when the side we do n't like wins . 
  i also think a parliamentary system is better for young democracies . 
  had morsi been a prime-minister , he could have been removed peacefully when his coalition crumbled and a conservative party joined the opposition . 
  a parliamentary system also fosters dialogue , for coalitions , concessions ... etc. 
  letting dictators rule , wo n't make people like secularism . 
  not when dictators use that as a pretext to oppress political rivals and anyone they do n't like . 
  take iran for example , during the shahs rule , he used '' secularism '' as a pretext to ban all other political parties , his secret police would use it to arrest people and torture political rivals . 
  did this make islamism disappear ? 
  did this foster love for secularism in iran ? 
  do you think women , being stopped on the streets by police and having their hijabs torn from them , being threatened with jail , made them love secularism ? 
  ironically i believe it is khomeni , who made the general iranian populace like secularism more then the shah ever did . 
  a coup resolves nothing . 
  the problem is simply passed to the next generation . 
  i will write a bit of libya as few people know what happened or what is happening right now there on the ground . 
  i have actually been there right after the revolution and i know many people have little knowledge of libya , of course the media reporting almost nothing of it , and the little it does mostly wrong , helps greatly ... 
  i also still have connections in libya so i 'll speak about current situation in the end . 
  in my opinion the greatest mistake we did was the lack of diplomatic support after ghaddafi was removed . 
  which he would have anyway , after being there i could n't imagine him keeping power , he was hated by everyone . 
  at best had we not helped kill him , thousands more would have died until he would be finally removed . 
  at worst , he would still be alive , and libya would be syria , where thousands die almost every single day . 
  we should have insisted on a unity government from the very beginning , but who knows , the people themselves where eager to vote . 
  to speak about libya as a '' state '' , is in my opinion wrong . 
  in short it did n't exist . 
  libya had no constitution , ghaddafi said '' popular meeting , where the people say their problems , directly to me , are better '' , of course all of these where staged . 
  libya had no army , sure ghadaffi bought tanks and airplanes , but they would rust and be used only in parades , he shortly used them in the revolution , where he bombed his own people . 
  the soldiers where mostly mercenaries or cronies with no military training , there only for the salaries . 
  ghaddafi who came to power trough a coup , feared he would leave the way , so he completely destroyed the army . 
  this will later factor in the star of the civil war , which i 'll talk about later . 
  libya also did n't really had a government . 
  ghaddafi 's sons and cronies would act like ministers , but officially they held no positions . 
  this is a defining trait in ghaddafis libya , where everyone but acts , where in truth he has no position . 
  here libya resembled a feudal kingdom , where the king liking a courtier gave him some tasks . 
  ghaddafi also acted more as a king then a classical dictator . 
  he had dreams of being the king of all arabs . 
  when the arabs laughed in his face he started dreaming of being king of africa . 
  he funded dozens of brutal civil wars , in liberia and congo to give a example , and supported dozens of genocides . 
  and even when his own '' side '' would win the war , he would star funding another against them . 
  mostly because while they would gladly take ghaddafi 's oil money , they were reluctant to bow to him . 
  where he could n't fund civil wars , he would fund terrorists , who lived in palaces he would build for them . 
  ghaddafi was just as worse in his internal practices . 
  a mother told me ghaddafi had kidnapped one of her daughters and raped her . 
  when i interviewed a teacher she told me that happened often . 
  ghaddafi would come to the schools , acting like he cares about the students , and he would touch a girl on the head , later his bodyguards would kidnap her . 
  there are numerous interviews on the internet with girls who had been raped by him . 
  bbc did a good documentary about ghaddafi some time ago . 
  he would make them watch porn , and one of ghaddafi 's '' amazonian bodyguard '' ( he had a female only '' elite '' bodyguard unite ) would explain to them '' what and how he liked it '' . 
  in his palaces , where he would bring them , he also had a doctor , who was there to take care of him , give him botox injections ... etc. 
  but his secondary task was performing abortions on the girls . 
  i know i talked mostly about ghaddafi not libya , but it is impossible to do otherwise , ghaddafi was libya , he was the state and no one else had any power . 
  now to talk about the civil war and why it started after ghaddafi was killed . 
  every party , every person , was excited to cast their first vote . 
  so the parties , all of them hurried to hold these elections . 
  while having no state organization , no constitution , no army ... etc. 
  the elections were peacefully . 
  the results ? 
  the economical liberal and nationalist party ( a bit conservative but nothing crazy though , more like the gop ) won 48 % of the votes . 
  the biggest islamist party got 10 % . 
  now lets say you put all islamist parties together , they got something like 25 % . 
  the rest is everything from liberals , conservatives , communists ... etc so no , libya is n't full of crazy sharia loving islamists . 
  but the islamist parties got angry they lost the elections , their militias even more . 
  there where guns everywhere . 
  there where african mercenaries , who ghaddafi brought hoping they will keep him in power . 
  so the militias started moving . 
  things degenerated when mp 's started getting shot/assassinated . 
  to settle the things for ever the government agreed to hold elections again . 
  the islamists tried to use violence , responding to this the other parties boycotted the elections and turn-out was 18 % down from 60 % before . 
  and here the rift happened . 
  islamists said the results where valid , the others did not . 
  and fighting begun . 
  they took most of tripoli , and the western half of the country . 
  general hafter , among the few true generals libya ever had , who foughted in the war against chad , and ghaddafi wanting to get rid of him , ordered numerous suicidal charges , he was even sent to egypt to fight against israel , with 1 tank ... . , back to libya though , general hafter organized the pro-government militias and made his seat in tobruk , near the egyptian border and his militias took the eastern part of the country . 
  the southern part , especially bordering niger , where tuareg tribes form a majority , created their own '' self defence '' militias , but they do n't fight and did n't took any sides . 
  isis took sirte , which is right in the middle of the country because no one was there to fight them , all islamist militias where fighting around tripoli with pro-government ones . 
  and hafters '' army '' was fighting in benghazi against some islamists militias . 
  now recently , things have become better , something you do n't really hear in the media . 
  all parties agreed to a un unity government . 
  the biggest islamist parties agreed to step down and respect the democratic process , after huge demonstrations in tripoli and all but 2 militias have laid down their weapons and joined a common '' army '' . 
  the 2 who did n't are in benghazi and derna , which are both under siege . 
  in benghazi they are holding in the '' old city '' where there is a old mosque and an ancient church and the government does n't want to bomb those . 
  in derna , it 's the same , the government is sieging the militia in a small part of the city . 
  they even wanted to surrender , but afraid that it 's a trick , the army refused and decided to starve them out . 
  a united army also took over sirte from isis , now they barely hold some costal villages who are being besiege by the army . 
  all in all libya today looks better then syria . 
  the people i spoke with , say this time everyone is determined to take it slowly . 
  write a constitution , under the un unity government , form a true army and only then hold elections . 
  i myself am more confident of libya 's future then that of syria , but we will all have to wait and see . 
  phew that was a long comment ... never wrote this much on reddit . 
  i hope now at the least , even if you disagree with me , you leave knowing more of libya then before !, 
  the problem here is years and years of media going full stupid .
