  well in my experience the only option is to have a relative unknown candidate with little history , thus more people can unite him on a single issue . 
  something similar happened here in romania . 
  iohannis was so '' boring '' that a lot of people could unite behind him on a purely '' i am not ponta '' platform . 
  this . 
  akp is a coalition of vastly different centre-right parties , held together by erdogan alone now . 
  in the early years gulen helped him , but now he 's gone . 
  once erdogan is gone akp will implode in at least 2 or 3 parties . 
  i could actually see him loosing a presidential election , if a decent alternative could unite the anti-erdogan vote . 
  this is the hardest thing to do in my opinion , to get chp , mhp and hdp supporters to vote for the same person . 
  i myself would be more worried if the current parliamentary system remains , because akp gets a victory by default here , and thus erdogan . 
  i 'm not downplaying it , i even said it could be worse the iran . 
  i agree that turkey is spiriling into absolute dictatorship . 
  i just disagree on what that dictatorship will be . 
  or who knows , i may even agree with the reply above of if by '' iran 2 '' he means absolute dictatorship . 
  but when i myself think of iran 's dictatorship , i think of theocracy , of '' supreme leaders '' who are not elected at pretend to have divine right to rule . 
  i do not think these will happen in turkey . 
  erdogan will not crown himself eternal sultan in the hagia sofia and declare 1000 years of ottoman empire . 
  he will not abolish elections , turkey has 100 years of democratic history , when iran created it 's '' islamic republic '' it had little to no democratic history and even so , khomeini had to give people a parliament and directly elected president , something in the beginning he was against . 
  also when i think of iran i think of sharia law . 
  something i also do n't see happen in turkey , the support for that is something like 15-20 % . 
  will erdogan introduce skewed laws that will benefit him and his cronies ? 
  yes i fully believe that , he is doing that for 10 years already . 
  i was there , i spent a great amount of time in turkey and spoke even with hardcore erdogan fans , i have met none who would like to have erdogan as supreme leader and no longer be subject to elections . 
  as i said , this might be just a disagreement on semantics . 
  if by iran he meant '' dictatorship '' yeah i agree with him . 
  if he meant a theocracy where the clergy rules and erdogan will be '' supreme leader '' and not subject to elections , then no i disagree with him . 
  anyway as i said this does n't mean i downplay things or pretend it 's better , on the contrary i even said , that in my opinion , this could be even worse . 
  turkey wo n't become iran 2.0 , not even erdogan wants that . 
  his '' dream '' is exactly what putin did in russia . 
  though this is n't exactly better either . 
  to be completely honest there 's more political fighting in iran then russia right now ... 
  happy independence day , here 's to many more !, 
  it was nobodies . 
  to be honest , i visited the place and it 's amazing . 
  the arabic writing in the center is just amazing . 
   because - romania has lots of schools and a good standard of education . 
  hahahahahahhahaha ... hahaha ... oh god . 
  we do n't want this crap , it 's a waste of money , the politicians just fund it so the priests will campaign for them . 
  to be completely honest the people are also against the huge orthodox cathedral . 
  one of the greatest ironies i saw in my life . 
  extremist buddhists . 
  i actually wrote some articles about myanmaar . 
  my personal opinion as to why it is so , is the military dictatorship , trying to unite such a vast , multicultural country , chose nationalism as the uniting factor , focusing heavy on religion , the only thing the majority of the country has in common . 
  thus nationalism combined with buddhism , results in what you see there today . 
  there are some promising progress being done , small i admit but you have to start somewhere . 
  the hardest part is that even the democrats are not that eager to attack the nationalists , because they are backed by the army . 
  all in all an extremely complicated situation . 
  ok , that explains everything . 
  is he the '' respect the robot '' guy ? 
  we 've gone through a complete abortion ban during our communist era . 
  it resolved nothing . 
  women were doing abortions at home with their friends . 
  my aunt almost died after performing such an abortion , and then almost got arrested by the communists . 
  i burned them, 
  i had a pair of those in the early 90 's . 
  god i looked so bad in them ... 
  indeed , neither the kurds or mhp where ready to compromise . 
  i really think that the opposition parties need to reform a bit , if they are to stand a chance against erdogan . 
  take mhp for example , the campaign they ran was just absurdly week . 
  i wondered sometimes if bahceli is paid by erdogan to be like this , but more and more i think he 's just delusional and actually thinks he could be pm . 
  hdp also needs deep reforms . 
  their ties with pkk hurt them greatly even with the kurdish electorate . 
  and i know i 'll get a lot of hate from some ardent chp supporters , but i think they need to try and broaden their electorate as well . 
  anyway to quote what spaniard said about rajoy , i think it applies to erdogan as well : '' how blessed erdogan is to have such incompetent opposition '', 
  the latin americans have a nice word play on this . 
  '' dictadura '' and '' dictablanda '' . 
  one can evolve and change into a democracy , like most military dictatorships in south america , myanmaar ... etc. 
  the other will rather destroy the country then give away power . 
  i think belarus is kinda in the first one . 
  i ca n't really see lukashenko butchering his people the way assad or gaddafi did . 
  i was reffering to the elections not the coup . 
  ignore the trolls . 
  hdp also has it 's own problems true , their ties with pkk hurt them greatly even with fellow kurds . 
  this , he 'll use whatever will give him more votes . 
  he 'll use both islamist and nationalism rhetoric when needed , he already kinda does it with his neo-ottomanism . 
  just checked some sources . 
  i was wrong with the 200 it seams , but all i found is around 700-800 . 
  hmm , on different places on the internet , even reddit . 
  but it looks like i was wrong all sources i find say around 700 . 
  might have confused it with some other country or other number . 
  it 's not about your vote mattering , it 's about respecting the constitution and setting a dangerous precedent . 
  what we took in ? 
  saw it on tv couple of days ago . 
  will try to find a source to link . 
  i did n't say he is . 
  i think there are better options . 
  even inside akp , actually i 'm just saying what happened , erdogan also flamed things up . 
  then claiming he alone can bring stability , something he completely failed by the way . 
  he broke , or at the very least did n't stop , the peace with pkk from breaking , thus taking votes away from hdp . 
  i just said what happened . 
  you would be suprised how fast people would give away liberties and accept dictators , if they think they can bring stability in a volatile situation . 
  also the opposition looking like powerless to govern did n't help either . 
  the opposition is formed of old mostly out of touch people . 
  akp , thus erdogan , lost the elections last year , but the opposition was unable to unite . 
  then when the deadline passed and new election where called . 
  about 10 % of the electorate , mostly mhp and kurds switched back to erdogan . 
  these where mostly non ideological voters , they voted based on stability , economy ... etc, 
  what does this have anything to do with the eu ? 
  anyone can apply for membership but afterwards they need to complete dozens of reforms , politically/economically ... etc. 
  turkey was never close to joining the eu because the governments never really tried to do these reforms , or did very little .
