   but we are the same people and we love each other . 
  good to hear this . 
  curious about 1 more thing . 
  has the language changed over time ? 
  i know iran banned the azeri language and pushes farsi . 
  i would guess your language has some russian influences , while on the other side of the border it has more iranian influences . 
  i still ca n't really fathom how iran has somewhat poor relations with azerbaijan , but good ones with armenia ... how 's relations with the the azeris in iran , if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  you have n't annexed it yet , you sneaky azeri . 
  til that tabriz is '' mainland europe '' . 
  agreed , regardless , i think this is a good issue to subject to a referendum . 
  both camps will be a bit more even , this time around . 
  have a feeling this one will be much closer then the gay marriage , one . 
  poor hamon ... 
  - '' how did western civilization died dad ? 
  immigrants ? 
  muslims ? 
  - '' no son . 
  everything went to crap when we discovered memes '', 
  he 's 60 ?!? 
  he looks a lot younger ... would n't have given him even 55 ... 
  botox injections, 
  this is true , navalny is the living example . 
  he has many questionable views and opinions , but because there is no alternative he has become the sole opposition figure inside the country . 
  our politics are n't really complicated at all , in my opinion . 
   you pick this is the same speech every dictators has . 
  '' it 's me or chaos '' , '' it 's me or death '' . 
  i 'm sorry , but if this was true , then we here in romania would have still praised the glorious leader . 
  that 's like saying all germans are nazis , because they cheered for hitler , they gathered the jews , they executed them ... etc a dictator always has lackeys . 
   sounds like russia in general doesnt care kadyrov has only 1 purpose , to crash any opposition . 
  as long as he does that he can do whatever the fuck he wants . 
  well perhaps putin should n't have given the country to a feudal lord , who 's father declared jihad on russia . 
  the chechens have no say in chechnya . 
  this is all kadyrovs doing . 
  why is nothing like this happening in dagestan or tatarstan ? 
  rekt . 
  i knew something was fishy since they reported that the police got a letter , claiming the attack . 
  islamists do n't do this kind of stuff , never saw it happening . 
  i even said then , this is something strait out of a movie cliche . 
  i lost it when the kids started yelling '' pula '', 
  would the greens ally fdp and cdu ? 
  i do n't know german politics so well . 
  yeah , chances for a grand-coalition are high again . 
  hell if fdp gets enough votes cdu might not need spd at all . 
  doing nothing is n't really a solution . 
  sure 1 protest wo n't end corruption in the country , bit it is better then doing nothing and letting them think stealing is fine . 
  he 's the token candidate '' look guys we are totally not racists '' . 
  i must say , this move came sooner then i expected . 
   it is very common to hear africans complain about artificial borders i myself have n't really . 
  most people i know complain of corruption/cronyism and nepotism first and authoriterianism afterwards . 
  honestly i heard more complaints about borders , coming from people in the west . 
  i found out in my travels that many times we over-estimate how much locals care about the borders . 
  they might have couple of decades ago , but by now a sense of nationalism has already been formed . 
  same in the middle east . 
  pan-arabism died long ago . 
  and most people have accepted the borders by now . 
  the only exception being the kurds . 
   you do n't often hear that borders are the main stumbling block for development in europe or asia you hear a lot of it when the balkans are concerned . 
  plenty of disputes in asia as well . 
   but the two most recent cases of african countries splitting up only yielded a worse situation eritrea is a dictatorial regime , true . 
  if no change would 've happened then it would 've been military occupied by ethiopia , so not much of a improvement . 
  and the independence war was also very popular . 
  just because the revolutionary party never gave up power , does n't mean the people did n't want independence . 
  on s. sudan it 's pretty much the same . 
  there was a 40 year long civil war . 
  keeping the country together was impossible . 
  there were numerous attempts at a federalized state , it never lasted . 
  i spoke with some people from sudan , and the feeling is very much the same . 
  they are glad they got rid of s.sudan and can take care of their own problems now . 
  anyways , i think the modern day borders are very much '' natural '' by now in the continent . 
  there are almost no independence conflicts going on at this moment . 
  only exception is somaliland , and honestly , de facto , independence has worked out pretty well for them , their much better then somalia . 
  age is a bit irrelevant , in my opinion . 
  croatia , bosnia , macedonia are younger then that . 
  does n't mean much . 
  edit : east timor is even younger , yet it 's stable and a decent country . 
  poor , yes , but stable . 
   eritrea . 
  new states eritrea is almost 30 year old country . 
  the problem here is that the revolutionary party has never abandoned power and chose to install a brutal military dictatorship , instead . 
  i tend to agree that creating dozens of new states is not a good solution . 
  but these changes happened pretty natural . 
  there was a 40 year civil war in sudan , and the people voted overwhelmingly for independence . 
  in s. sudan the problems are very much politically . 
  no power sharing system could be agreed on , and honestly no one really tried to much to bring the sides to negotiations . 
  many called the crisis in s. sudan '' completely man-made and avoidable '' . 
  sadly the elites decided to play power games , instead of trying to rebuild the country together . 
  and it 's not like they never got along , they were pretty united in the war against the north . 
  turkish society was very divided and a coup is never popular . 
  so they tried to unity the country with a bit of religious conservatism and nationalism . 
  this is the great irony of the so called '' ` secular '' dictators . 
  they end up destroying secularism and ally with the islamists . 
  it happened everywhere . 
  sedat in egypt , pumped schools , radios , tvs with religious conservatism , while the socialists , secularists , nasserists were destroyed . 
  same thing is happening right now with sissi , who is targeting human rights groups , activists ... etc same with assad and his father , who crushed the nasserists and the leftists in the ba'ath party . 
  but had little trouble allowing al-qaida on their land , as early as 2004 . 
  same in iran with the shah . 
  he acted like a secularist , his police would harass women with hijabs , threaten to beat them ... etc he would put giant posters with women in bikinis before mosques just because he could . 
  but his prisons where full with secularists , socialists , communists , republicans ... etc yet all the while , rasfanjani and his people , were allowed to preach their ultra-conservative version of shia islam , as long as they targeted the communists , not the regime . 
  this is why i 'm against '' secular '' dictators . 
  always , with the exception of nasser , they end up destroying the secular society they pretend to represent .
