  the assyrian genocide also happened . 
  edit : getting downvoted for recognizing both genocides ... you really ca n't win . . 
  arabs , where not really enslaved by the ottomans . 
  there was slavery , but most came trough egypt , from sudan , somalia . . etc or trough oman from east africa . 
  and slavery got abolished in the 1850 's . 
  i think he speaks of the modern times . 
   communism is what fucked them , and all of eastern europe , up . 
  pretty much , yeah . 
  what the ottomans always did there ? 
  a bit of autonomy to calm them down , and basically not giving a shit as long as they pay their taxes ? 
  now if he wants the land but under the rule of the current model of the turkish republic , that would be problematic . 
  those people would n't accept being '' turkified '' and would have revolted . 
  yes and no . 
  the hajez would have tried , no doubt to revolt . 
  but the levant and iraqi arabs where much more loyal , they even fought the british , and many of them fought even at galipoli . 
  '' the arab revolt '' is n't really a good name , not all arabs revolted . 
  syrians especially stood very loyal . 
  iraqis where a bit mixed , sunnis where much more loyal than shias . 
  palestinians to did n't desert in large numbers , the emir of gaza switched sides mostly because he got bribed . 
  also turkish nationalism was n't really a think then , or at least not as big as after the war of independence , there would 've been some calls for autonomy though . 
  most likely similar to what the kurds had . 
  you people are just silly . 
  did you even read his comment before you decided to be a dick ? 
  honestly , the brits and french did a big mistake when they partitioned the empire . 
  i mean the ottomans where pretty decent at keeping the peace there . 
  sometimes i really wonder how the empire would have looked if there was no ww1 and the reforms could have grown and deepen more . 
  i truly think , that for most of the muslim world , the cold war was a disaster . 
  it empowered islamists and reactionaries , in the long term . 
  and vilified everything slightly left-wing , as atheists that will force women to walk naked , while drinking whiskey and puffing cocaine . 
  i love how you changed the subject from the numbers . 
   an ordinary turkish person . 
  my guess is honestly that the kurds influence the polls a bit here . 
  no one , because the bible does n't have laws , neither does the qoran , most laws are taken from the haddiths and texts written by scholars/sheiks ... etc but when taken on individual issues , from abortions , to gay marriage , to other conservative issues most people here are very conservative , and many times use religious reasoning . 
  thus their religion influences the law . 
  the republicans in the us are the same . 
  seriously secularism = / = non-conservatism . 
  you 're not understanding my point . 
  there where polls , and on specifics , like '' should blasphemy be punishable '' the numbers where much lower . 
  so why would someone , who wants hardcore saudi style sharia , disagree with punishing blasphemers . . ? 
   most people here are islamists by your definition of secularism , most of eastern europe would fit in that description . 
  just because you disagree with them , does n't mean right-wingers are insane . 
  if it did , why then when asked specifics the numbers are much lower , even by half many times . 
   this represents the direction of turkey . 
  erdogan loosing istanbul , his own home and ankara for the first time since the 90 's ? 
   from the outside it looks like everyone who could be possibly dangerous to erdogans power ends in jail . 
  blackmailing , like he did with some akp old guard , bribing , like he did with bahceli ... etc hdp was n't a threat to him . 
  i honestly forgot how annoying these ultra-masochistic-kemalists can get sometimes ... 
  what am i messing with you ? 
  i just pointed out that your numbers are absurd . 
  there where not millions of people in the streets during the night of the coup . 
  what ? 
  what does this have to do with germany , how could they fight the turkish army in germany ... ? 
  you said millions took to the streets to fight the '' turkish army '' , which is wrong , there where couple of thousands, 
   most people here are islamists depends what you mean with '' islamist '' . 
  do most turks want to hang apostates and ban blasphemy ? 
  do they want an official religion ? 
  do they want sharia in anyway whatsoever ? 
  the majority though , do disagree with your narrow definition of '' secularism '' here you are correct . 
  to you even obama holding a speech on his religion and how it influenced him , was to '' anti-secular '' . 
  to you even kilicdaroglu marching next to a banner saying '' god demands justice '' , which was n't his banner by the way , but the banner of those communist muslims , who joined the march , was '' islamist '', 
   millions of people went to the streets to fight the turkish army for the sake of erdogan there where couple of thousand at most . 
  also `` sharia '' means full-blown saudi arabia no it does n't . 
  point being when asked on specifics the numbers are much lower . 
   according to many here there is no justice because there is no sharia . 
  no more then 10 % support sharia . 
  and even fewer , 5-7 % , support stuff like punishing apostates/blasphemy ... etc, 
  ah , did n't see . 
  yeah that looks better !, 
  are n't our hungarians catholic , or do i remember wrong ... ? 
  the areas they are majority should be shown as majority catholic . 
  what you say is completely true under the parliamentary system . 
  but i do think the new presidential system has changed the rules quiet a bit . 
   a secular sane right wing party , will tear the akp into shreds . 
  shreds might be to much , but it would do a good amount of harm . 
  long overdone that erdogan is attacked from the right as well . 
  will be interesting to see what bahceli will do . 
  regardless , for the election they will need to be careful who they 'll chose , in this new system , the individual candidate is much more important then the party itself . 
   the referendum was different because it was basically a vote on erdogan himself and nothing else yes and a presidential election will very much be the same in essence , a personal referendum on erdogan . 
   when a chp candidate is up against him , the mhp and hdp voters who voted no will flock to erdogan . 
  and this is precisely why i agree with you that chp wo n't ever beat erdogan . 
  kurdish and mhp voters will go for erdo . 
  this is why i say a new party is needed . 
  it looks like we just disagree on what that party should be . 
  you want a new leftist party and i think a new right-wing party would be better . 
   anti erdogan would be occupying the 50 % space . 
  and it could sap away at erdogan ' voters . 
   in a presidential system all akp would need to do is come second to get to the second round . 
  yes , but it needs to win a majority in the second round . 
  you 'll never beat erdo in the first round anyway , no matter what , the kurds will split the vote with a candidate , and no one will get a majority . 
  erdogan barely won the referendum with 2 % and there where a lot of reports of fraud . 
  a candidate would need to take away only 5 % of akp and would win . 
  you ca n't really argue that there is a '' silent '' leftist voter block , on which you can create a new opposition party , not when turnout is always 80 + % in turkey . 
  not wrong . 
  still akp is loosing ground here . 
  they lost istanbul for the first time since the 90 's , during the referendum . 
  erdo also lost even in his own home . 
  that could n't have happened without akp folk voting '' no '' . 
  which one are you talk of ? 
  saadet was hardly ever a serious party . 
  what is needed is an anti-erdogan right-wing conservative/nationalist party that can take advantage of great issues that the majority of turks agree on , tourism crisis , refugees ... etc like the op said .
