  i assured them , that while i protest psds moves and policies , i hate pnl equally . 
   hairy guy bald guy . 
  god save istanbul when the big earthquake will hit it , the city is n't prepared . 
  ah , yes . 
  you 're right , i 'll edit my comment . 
   ( the man erdo\u011fan wants to be ) menderes surely turned dictatorial towards the end . 
  but i would n't really compare him with erdo . 
  they are products of different eras . 
  my sense of humour is pretty shit ... 
  i doubt it will truly mend the rift , honestly . 
  this just shows the outstanding mark ataturk has left on the nation , even akp wo n't dare change this law . 
  they 'll never attack the man himself . 
  some of his ideas sure , but not the man . 
  this is still a big taboo , unlikely to change anytime soon . 
  the islamists will just do what they always did , throw all the shit at inonu, 
   and yall let it hapen this law , on insulting ataturk , was introduced in the 50 's . 
  it would still be about the same . 
  2 or so years is avarage for this stuff . 
  also technically the punishment is for insulting '' the presidency '' not erdogan himself . 
  the law exists since before erdogan himself . 
  do n't worry , they wo n't appoint cronies / s, 
  everyone else he disliked . 
  it was pathetic it was a last ditch attempt by a desperate people , who knew they where found out and where going to get purged . 
  the army is competent , but the vast majority of the army did not join the coup and supported the government , quickly bombing and shooting the coup plotters helicopters , bases ... etc erdogan fully knew something was coming , everything points to this . 
  he found out it was coming and chose to let it happen . 
  the coup was not orchestrated by erdogan , the gulenists are very real and where infiltrated in the army . 
  erdogan himself helped them get there when they where friends . 
  erdo would n't have made himself look such a fool , there was no point in attacking civilians , who where his supporters , to bomb the parliament with akp mps inside . 
  but he knew it was coming , and chose to let it happen . 
  to think he planned everything , from bombing the parliament , to having tanks run over people ... etc is ridiculous . 
  these convulated theories rarely are true in real life , sometimes the truth is the simplest option : erdogans former friends tried to remove him , because they knew he was going to purge them , and most likely erdogan had information that they where planning something and chose to let them do it . 
   if it was a serious threat they would have not allowed anything to be broadcast who ? 
  erdogan or the coup plotters ? 
  the coupist did took over couple of tv station . 
  as for erdogan , why would he cut broadcasting , in the modern world that would n't help you at all . 
  on the contrary appearing on tv and telling the people to take to the streets was the better decision in this situation . 
   he would not have been allowed to fly back . 
  the army had already started to clean up the plotters , they blocked the airfields quickly , to avoid aircrafts taking flight . 
  as for the soldiers , remember many where recruits following orders , they posed little to no threat once it was clear they lost , they surrended , by morning the military threat was done . 
  not orchestrated , but he knew it was coming and let it happen . 
  they did fire at the hotel he was in . 
  but he got in an aircraft by then , and the army protected him . 
  as i said , their plans got messed up , and they acted in a hurry . 
  if it was staged , i do n't believe erdo planned to rally his people from a reporters smartphone trough an app , he would have made sure he can get on tv, 
  lmao [ check this out ] ( https://twitter.com/horsburgh_alex/status/886353047017992192 ) turkish humour is great sometimes, 
  this , the 1980 's coup was a complete disaster , you can easly argue erdogan and the akp exist today , because of it . 
  yeah those people getting crushed by tanks in the streets , or being bombed by airplanes , deserved to die . 
  oh god i hate all these gulen apologist pieces . 
  the coup was n't planned by erdogan , though he most likely knew something was coming . 
  erdogan had a list of people beforehand , because he helped these people infiltrate the army , the state administration , the judiciary ... etc after 2013 their friendship broke , for various reasons , from corruption , to erdo realizing he does n't need them anymore ... etc the gulenists even tried to use their people in the judiciary to open corruption cases on erdogan . 
  before the coup , erdo was planning to have a meeting with the army and fire/replace gulenist generals . 
  knowing their going to get purged they tried a last ditch attempt . 
  erdogan probaly knew it was coming and let it happen , the coup was supposed to happen during the night , but they changed it to evening , they most likely knew they where found out . 
  5 days later erdo gives himself emergency powers , goes after the gulenists , and then after everyone else . 
  not really , he enacted am '' emergency law '' giving him dictatorial powers . 
  it looks like he uses it to go after leftists , human rights activists , secularists ... etc not the islamists he promised he 'll take on . 
  also nepotism in the army is at lvls it never was . 
  mubarak at least promoted people somewhat based on capability not , connections . 
  not to mention he 's on a saudi payroll , the egyptian state survives on saudi money , i would n't be supprised if he does n't turn a blind eye to salafi preachers . 
  not to mention he destroyed the business class mubarak created , he gave everything to the army like in nassers days . 
  the army controls even the production and distribution of fucking baby powder ... no measures , none have been taken to reduce youth unemployment which is around 30-40 % depending on region . 
  and around 30 % of the gdp of the nation is lost trough corruption . 
  sisi , is a failure , he is 10 times worse than mubarak , who at least was decent for the economy and tolerated some political freedom . 
  eh , if my standard of '' dictatorship '' would be orban i would have to boycott romania too !, 
  because dragnea is trying to do just that here, 
  never been to tunisia myself , sadly . 
  know people from there though, 
   referred to `` europeans '' , thus including all of us , i do n't feel '' european '' . 
   neither germany nor the netherlands did anything wrong they did n't . 
   not to me . 
  it does to me . 
   if someone pisses me off ( and yes , a majority of the turkish people support this clown ) then i 'm gon na draw some consequences . 
  well nobody pissed me off . 
  i can analyze what erdogan said if you want , i can tell you why , i can tell you i think it was retarded , but i 'm not '' pissed off '' . 
  because as i said , i do n't feel '' european '' and while i respect most dutch people , i have no '' brotherly '' feelings towards them . 
  most turks do somewhat agree with erdogan . 
  not all his policies though , to give an example his supporters hate the syrian refugees the most . 
  mhp nationalists also probaly liked that erdogan '' stood his ground '' . 
   the world is full of amazing places with great people it is indeed . 
   as a mature human being i 'm free in my decision . 
  you are . 
  i never said or implied anything else . 
  so am i though . 
  i think we disagree because of how we view things . 
  i travaled there mostly as a journalist together with a friend , i am used to speak with people i dislike , with whom i disagree ... etc. 
  i sure as hell do n't like erdogan , but i 've spoken with akp supporters , i spent time with many , some are my friends . 
  just like i said above , i 'll analyze what erdo and his supporters say , i 'll think it , i 'll make an opinion on it , but if they do n't come and insult me to my face , i wo n't be '' pissed off '' i think there 's no point in arguing anymore , not on this topic , it 's clear we think very differently . 
  i will write again , hopefully soon , on erdogan , his supporters and turkey , i 'll give my opinion , i 'll call it retarded , if i think it is . . 
  but it wo n't stop me from going back there , once me family issues here are resolved , to meet my friends , to go to the places i love , to eat the food i love ... etc, 
   i 've been to turkey 3 times over the past 15 years , i went to turkey over 5 times in 2014 alone . 
  if i put all my time spent there together i think i have around 1 year perhaps . 
   would it be more `` progressive '' if i just act deaf ? 
  i sure as hell do n't ignore it , i wrote a lot on turkey , on erdogan ... etc i 'm not deaf do n't worry . 
   does n't mean i just ignore how turkish society as a whole started to change did n't change , do n't worry , it was always there , just better hidden  feel free to call us names and act like a cunt , '' us '' , not that i ever think insulting the dutch was a good idea , but it never felt like he insulted '' us '' . 
  i think this is where we think very differently . 
  i have no '' brotherly '' feelings towards the dutch , or towards anyone really , i have no siblings . 
  you clearly feel this way . 
  nothing wrong in it . 
  but i simply do n't feel and think this way . 
  so to me , the idea that i should n't go to a country i loved , from the sights to the people , where i have many , many good friends , just because erdogan said a retarded thing , especially when i know how he changes his opinion every day , depending on which voters he wants to pander to , seems silly to me .
