  yeah that phrasing would have been better , i agree . 
  sorry , honest mistake !, 
  i did say erdogan let him do it . 
  but my friends told me it was gulen who planned and his people who did it . 
  glad too see i did not write false things !, 
  i have some turkish friends from when i was a journalist , that 's were i get most of my information . 
  i was actually freelancing and getting a bit less pay just so i could go to countries in this region . 
  from egypt , iraq , jordan , turkey ... etc. 
  even libya . 
  the situation is almost always more complicated . 
  i have traveled quite a lot in the middle east quite a lot as a journalist . 
  the situation is never as black/white as we might think . 
  we should remain sceptical of erdogan . 
  i agree that he will push the country in more of a '' islamic '' direction , but he will never abolish election , he wants them , it is what gives him legitimacy and what silences the opposition a bit . 
  turkey has free and fair election . 
  ( if there is electoral fraud , it people being bribed with sugar/flour like in romania , bulgaria and all the other ex-communist countries and i would say even italy , spain portugal ... etc ) more free then russia has . 
  akp never got more then 45 % of votes and here about 10 % are voters who easly switch from akp to mhp and hdp , they vote for erdogan mostly because the economy is/was going well and stability . 
  erdogan also won the presidential election with 51 % against 2 other candidates that were quite week and who devided the vote . 
  it is democracy . 
  no metter how much we might disagree with the results . 
  gulen on the other hand , wants to be khomeini , where he ca n't be chellanged trough election or removed trough them . 
  so you can see why even if they dislike erdogan , the turkish people dislike gulen even more . 
  yes , it was either ion '' i 'm a outright communist '' iliescu or vadim '' deport all hungarians , no nato no eu '' tudor ... 
  the choices given were not that great ... 
  it is the judges and the lawyers and teachers that are one of the biggest part of gulen 's sect . 
  and gulen is the one who used these lawyers and judges to hunt kamelist generals/officers ... etc. 
  more then even erdogan . 
  i do n't think the numbers are too big , the sect is guessed to number from 500000 to 4 milion they are not really indoctrinated as you might think . 
  let me give you a example of how it goes down . 
  the '' sect '' mostly recruits from poor areas , and mostly children . 
  how ? 
  they pay for their education . 
  they literelly make them succsesful people and pay all fees ... etc. 
  and they help them get high ranking positons , from bribing officials to giving their people answers to exams and such . 
  there are 2 conditions . 
  you must attend their meetings , most are religious in nature and speak about gulen 's ideas , here some become hardcore believers , but not all . 
  the 2nd condition is the dangerous one . 
  one day , you might get a call , or a latter or someone knocks on your door ... etc. 
  and informs that you must do your '' hizmet '' , or '' service '' in turkish . 
  you do n't ask why , you do n't ask for details , you just do what they tell you to do . 
  it happened in 2005 when some kamelist generals were found guilty of planning a coup . 
  again in 2010 i believe . 
  erdogan , at that time let gulen and his people do it . 
  and when they finally broke apart , mostly because of pride and spoils of corruption , both wanted the bigger share for their own cronies . 
  then you know what happened ? 
  some judges charged erdogan with corruption . 
  i have little doubt they are true , but the timing is simply to perfect . 
  more then a religious sect , they resemble a mafia like organization . 
  right now erdogan spoke with the kamelist opposition , something he did not do for years . 
  he brought back retired kamelist generals , who got retired by gulen 's minions . 
  that is why the other kamelist generals did not join the coup , nor any opposition party , because they did n't want to switch erdogan , who is bad i agree , with someone who want to turn turkey in iran , and put himself in the position of '' supreme guide/leader '' . 
  erdogan should be criticized for the way he handles thing and if he goes into a more authoritarean direction , the opposition parties have already done that . 
  but you should not underestimate just how many and deep these people have infiltrated the turkish society . 
  this is why every party , kamelist/islamist/nationalist that gulen 's influence must be removed . 
  this situation really needs to be resolved somehow , it simply creates needless beurocracy , i butchered that word please correct me !, 
  a university would be a good idea !, 
  heh , my first vote was actually the one in 2000 . 
  i guess voting for iliescu took it 's toll on me , i kinda abandoned '' dreaming '' about politics and voting on '' hopes '' and stuff like that . . 
  you can stop foreign state funding . 
  islam is quite a '' leaderless '' religion , no one really has any authority , like the vatican for example . 
  the saudi 's may think otherwise , but it is best to treat them as simply another country , rather the considering them as some '' leaders '' of muslims everywhere . 
  it is not fair to us , and to the mulsims around the world . 
  but this opens other problems , they could simply send that money trough '' charity '' organizations . 
  in the end , actually the opposite was shown to be the '' best '' solution . 
  ataturk basically took over the mosques and made them simply another part of turkish government , state financed and all that ... 
  doubt you could do this in france though ... 
  this is a complex issue and there are probally lots of problems that we might not even guess . 
  this is great news . 
  saudi arabia and qatar are the biggest contributors to extremism . 
  it all started in the 60 's and 70 's , but then they were n't so crazy and most countries did n't mind free mosques . 
  it is these factors that '' destroyed '' most diversity in islam , just look at practices , traditions in countries like indonesia , maleysia before ww2 for a easy timeline and they were quite different then what the saudi 's practiced . 
  now there is little difference , especially in malaysia . 
  indonesia always had a strong '' nationalism '' factor in politics and helped them quite a lot in keepeing their traditions ... etc. 
  it is the 80 's after the iranian revolution scared them shitless that they started going in override . 
  they thought they could use this '' influence '' , connections ... etc. 
  but they completely lost control , most of the groups they helped create have turned against them , sadly they believed the solution was creating other groups ... to fight those groups ... . 
  calan !, 
  i know , and honestly feel about the same way , my hope is that if pnl has a good result ciolos will join them and remain pm . 
  that 's why i believe they did n't really put anyone forward for that position . 
  i guess i 'm just a bit more cynical then you . . 
  i voted anti-psd almost all my live , ( voted psd in 2000 , when it was either them or vadim ) that usually meant pnl , i switched to pdl when they joined psd and now i switched back to pnl ... 
  i do n't like them either , i know they also have corrupt people , but , even if they do it just for votes , i liked that orban quit when he was charged with corruption and they did n't go the psd route '' in our hearts he is innocent '' ... etc. 
  i guess in the end i 'm just more cynical then you ... and swallow my pride and vote for , what i believe , is the '' lesser evil '' . . 
  i line in a '' smal-ish '' town near hunedoara , i doubt usr will have a candidate here . 
  even if they did , i would still vote pnl , i do n't like them that much , but i see them as the '' lesser of 2 evils '' at least they try to appear anti-coruption , while psd has long stopped carrying . 
  my reasoning is that i 'm afraid of vote splitting and the '' spoiler effect '' , and giving psd a win by default , kinda like happened in bucharast , allthough here the pnl candidate should 've dropped because he polled worse . 
  because erdogan was allied with them , until around 2012 . 
  these people are not elected officials , they get appointed trough back channels , their members get answers for military exams so they can infiltrate the army ... etc. 
  every one agrees they did the coup and that they have to be removed , from fanatical erdogan supporters too hardcore kamelists , this is exactly why erdogan spoke with the opposition , something he refused to do for years , that is why he brought back retired kamelist generals who were removed by gulen and his minions . 
  he needs a ally . 
  i would say these are good articles , to give you a view of the organization . 
  http://english.aawsat.com/2016/07/article55354746/exile-might-derail-erdogans-grand-design http://english.aawsat.com/2016/07/article55354751/turkey-erdogan-wins-first-round-long-fight amir taheri is a pro-democracy , quite '' republican '' though and anti-obama , exiled iranian journalist , he wrote some very good articles about turkey and they are bias-free from what i asked of my turkish friends i truly recomand him , not only on turkey related articles but also his articles on the arab spring/iranian politics ... etc. 
  very well written and more then worth a read , even if you disagree with him on some things , i know i do !, 
  lol i voted alde too , the candidate was my former high school director , and i hate our mini pnl dictator who is mayor for 15 years ... he won of course . 
  and in parlamntary election i will vote pnl , purely on a anti-psd reason though . 
  i was talking about his run for president more then local election though . 
  economists hate him !!, 
  all seriously though the title is quite '' clickbat-y '' . 
  we could raise our hands in the sky and give her our energy !, 
  nah , they ca n't stand the guy .
