   tunisia is not even comparable to turkey in any way . 
  i would say turkey is a good example of how tunisia would 've looked if ennahda , nt and the other parties decided not to compromise and work together . 
  that 's true . 
  completely agree with you . 
  i said just as much in another comment bellow . 
  that 's why i said that kemalism should also be updated to modern times . 
  a switch from the heavy focus on ethnicity to a more pluralistic society is needed . 
  though this does n't mean giving in to pkk , half of the kurds hate them altogether . 
  the forced assimilation policies must be condemned and abandoned . 
  and they must be abandoned towards the arabs in the south as well . 
  let 's not forget them . 
  chps recent efforts to fix relations is very welcomed and the right path ahead . 
  sadly for many kurds secularism and chp itself is very tarnished because of historical events . 
  hopefully trust can be rebuild . 
   do n't forget that akp voters are not non-nationalist i know . 
  but i do think turkish nationalism pushes people , the youth especially , to secularism . 
  mostly because of ataturk and the events around building the republic . 
  also almost 20 years under erdogan , will push most young people towards the anti-erdogan ideologies . 
  well speaking about scripture i would n't say so . 
  i would say they are as conservative as any other sunni . 
  the thing though , is that persecution from different states created the idea inside the community , that the state should n't persecute people . 
  because they know how it feels . 
  kinda like the mormons being pro-refugees , because they know how it is . 
  they 're not in europe . 
  it 's '' better together '', 
  you are right . 
  but if they would 've stood to gain from that war , they would n't have switched sides . 
  most muslims have no idea what sharia even is . 
  for many , especially poorer ones and less educated ones , sharia , in political terms , means : a more just governance , less corruption , pious politicians do n't steal ... etc. 
  of course they are wrong . 
  islamist politicians are as corrupt as anyone else . 
  then there is the personal side of things like : marriage , divorce , inheritance ... etc. 
  that many muslims nowadays associate with culture rather than religion . 
  and even in a secular law system , these things would resemble sharia , somewhat . 
  it 's not like they have another choice . 
  chp has a bad history with them . 
  although to give chp credit , they 've been very pro-kurdish in recent times , so much that they risk loosing turkish votes mhp : lol hdp : not every kurd is a separatist , and even if they want more autonomy , hdps connections with pkk pushes many away . 
  for many kurds akp was the '' lesser evil '' choice . 
  this is something else . 
  indeed sufis are sunni , should 've made it clearer , although they are a bit different than more traditional sunnis . 
  i did say in another comment : sufi '' sect '' . 
  to point out they are n't really a different sect altogether . 
  perhaps i should 've been clearer . 
  still , i do n't think , calling me a moron , was necessary ... 
  go tell that to a shia . 
  in one the clergy/church/mosque is separated from the political arena . 
  but religion still may play a part in the decisions of individuals . 
  from abortion , to gays ... etc like the republicans in the usa for example . 
  the other removes religion altogether from the public arena . 
  open display of faith is seen as bad , undesirable . 
  and religion must be pushed and contained to the home . 
  this is how i myself see it at least . 
  the french style of '' laicite '' polaryzed turkey . 
  you were either fully secular or full blow islamist . 
  the middle road , of normal conservatives , was removed . 
  turkey will always be a muslim country , no matter what . 
  but by doing this all or nothing system , it removed compromise and created mistrust among the 2 different camps . 
  i 'll give tunisia as a decent example . 
  main 2 parties are the right-wing , and former islamist party , ennahda and the left-wing , secular , nidaa tounes . 
  after great tensions , where all sides had a part of the blame , something of a consensus was reached . 
  ennahda dropped the '' islamist '' label because it hurt them , and became a party of '' muslim democrats '' . 
  nidaa tounes also softened their support of '' laicite '' and embraced a more american style of secularism . 
  this resulted in a common ground , were all parties could compete . 
  it is nt nowadays who uses '' islamic '' quotes to try and appeal to the more conservative people in the country . 
  they with their lefties policies try to chip away at ennahdas core supporters , poor , mostly rural conservatives , who may like the economic ideas of the left-wing . 
  in short they are saying : '' we are totally not crazy secularists , we are pious people too !, 
  please vote for us '' ennahda barely uses islamic quotes in official statements , as not to appear '' islamist '' and scare away a large chunk of the electorate . 
  they , with their center-right , free-market capitalism , try to chip away at nt 's core supporters , middle-class , mostly urban people . 
  who may like this type of economy better . 
  basically ennahda is saying : '' we are totally not crazy islamists , we wo n't bring sharia , we like secularism , we just dislike '' laicite '' . 
  please vote for us '' socially ennahda is still the conservative party , and nt is still the '' progressive '' party . 
  this kind of secularism however , removed the divides , mostly , and created a playing field , were the majority of people agree on it . 
  it gave room to compromise , to debate , to working together ... etc the islamist were no longer the evil horde who will oppress secularists . 
  and to the more conservative folks , the secularists were no longer evil dictators oppressing them . 
  they were just fellow citizens , who disagreed on some things and agreed on others . 
  this is why i myself think this kind of secularism is much better , especially for muslim countries , than laicite . 
   turkey shifted from more strict french secularism to anglo-american secularism i 'll get downvoted into oblivion . 
  but i think this is good . 
  i said just as much . 
  he does whatever he wants with full backing of moscow , under the pretext of squashing separatists and extremists . 
  the problem here is that kadyrovs ideas of what makes a '' separatist '' or '' extremist '' are very wide . 
  anyone against his brutal regime may be called a separatist . 
  people against him that harbor no extremist ideas are his enemies , liberals . 
  human rights activists ... etc this is exactly the problem that happened in iran , a brutal regime under the shah was backed by western countries and now we another brutal regime , that we condemn because of it 's totaliterianism . 
  but why did we not condemn the shah when his prisons were filled with leftists , socialists , communists , right-wing republicans ? 
  dictatorships and extremists feed on one another . 
  you should thank god that secularism is so closely associated with nationalism . 
  it would n't have caught on otherwise , not so strongly at least . 
  also though after 17 years of erdogan rule , opposition against him will only rise with the next generations , who lived all their lives under him . 
  thus they 'll turn to the anti-erdogan ideologies . 
  here mostly secularism . 
  still though , blindly following ataturk 's ideas is n't right either . 
  his ideas must also be adapted to the modern times . 
  it changed in the fact that it became more authoritarean . 
  but looking for specific islamic laws you would n't find many . 
  he allowed public servents to wear the hijab . 
  there are some conservative laws introduced , but i would n't call them islamic per se . 
  like the thing about not teaching evolution , it looks like a thing american conservatives would do . 
  islam itself has nothing against evolution . 
  anyway , erdogan sounds like a crazy nationalist nowadays , that should worry us more .
