  there was prm ( romania great party ) it became a joke though in the last 10 or so years and after vadim died this year they are dead for good . 
  former president basescu and his pmp party try to attract those voters but they are n't extremists . 
  anyway i highly doubt pru will enter the parliament . 
  they poll at something like 3 % . 
  i always laugh at those '' anomalies '' , i mean who the hell are these people who vote chp but want to end secularism ... 
   maybe romania has an ok leader ? 
  we have a decent technocratic pm now . 
  do n't worry will screw things up on dec. 11 . 
  could be , but i would still go with a no . 
  and this comes from someone who said countless times brexit will happen and that trump , due to many factors has a strong chance of victory . 
  most likely the 2nd round will be le pen and a center-right candidate . 
  this will split the right wing vote for le pen and the left wing will vote the more moderate center-right candidate out of fear for le pen . 
  now if sarkozy wins the primaries all bets are off for me . 
  '' most '' being the key word . 
  there is still a conservative , mostly older , voting block that the party does n't want to lose/anger . 
  cdu/csu still have quite a conservative base . 
  it will most likely change in the near future . 
  thanks, 
  thank you !, 
  well it 's like this in many countries . 
  here in romania no pm served more then 2 term-limits . 
  but there is no law stopping them if they could . 
  well in our situation it 's more that they could n't stay in power more then 2 terms , not that did n't want it ... 
  do these primaries take place in individual states/regions like in the usa or are do they happen nationally ? 
  even the americans had no term limits , until the republicans introduced them in the 50 's after fdr . 
  hitler actually did n't '' win '' those elections . 
  the center-right party afraid of the communists allied with him . 
  they do , for president . 
  but the chancellor is basically the prime-minister of the country and this position usually does n't have term limits . 
  the uk does n't , spain does n't , romania does n't ... etc. 
  the vast majority of parliamentary republics do n't have term limits for the pm . 
  in other news the grass is green . 
  also check in at 11 were we will discuss if water is wet . 
  all joking aside , this was rather an obvious outcome . 
  ceausescu was pretty much an idiot . 
  a farmers son . 
  the arhitect of the parliament building had a fun story , do n't really know how true it is though : '' one autum day , ceasusescu asked me why the fruits in the trees fall and if i ca n't make them stay in the trees during winter '' the story might be false , but my father did mention similar stories of his time in the army . 
  one day ceausescu was to visit them and they were ordered to paint the grass green . 
  his wife held immense power and influence . 
  she held the same importance in the propaganda . 
  she was hailed as a '' genius scientist , unmatched in the world '' . 
  many say she ruled the country . 
  well ... fuck . 
  yes , thanks !, 
  better reddit '' wars '' than real wars . 
  '' invest in eastern poland '' , '' invest in eastern croatia '' . 
  why is everything poorer the more east you go ? 
  agreed , to a certain degree even romania is a good example . 
  we were 3 kingdoms , who fought one another pretty often , before we united , with many , many cultural differences but over the years a very strong national identity was forged . 
  hmm , i never heard anything about 30 % , i always known it 's 50 % . 
  need to check this as well . 
  war is hell for everyone . 
  truly hope it will never come again , it 's not worth it . 
  i meant '' win '' as it will be the biggest party after elections . 
  last time i checked referendums needed a 50 % turnout to be enforced . 
  did they changed it ? 
  it 's the church trying to show how much influence it has . 
  in many cases priests ordered people attending church that they need to sign the petition . 
  it even happened in my city , and it 's a relative medium sized city , i bet it 's even worse in rural and poorer regions . 
  and we have elections soon , that 's why every party turned conservative over night . 
  they try to get those votes . 
  they do n't care about referendums or democracy as they claim now . 
  we had a referendum 5 years ago to lower the numbers of mp from 600 to 300 , it passed but they just ignored it and pretend it never happened . 
  psd will win that 's a given . 
  the question is will they get a majority ? 
  the referendum will fail . 
  we ca n't get 50 % turnout for parliamentary elections for goodness sake ... 
  it really depends i would say . 
  a national identity is as much build over time as it 's inherited . 
  lebanon , jordan ... etc all have a strong national identity . 
  i 've been to jordan actually , most people do consider themselves to be different from sa , iraq ... etc even if they all are arabs . 
  no point in even mentioning countries such as oman , who have a strong identity . 
  the caliphate was just symbolic , it lost almost all influence it had . 
  i would say this started happening after the abbassids collapsed . 
  every king then claimed to also be caliph as well . 
  as the poster above said , when the ottomans called for jihad , the arabs backstabbed them and allied with the '' infidels '' to fight the caliph . 
  during ww1 enver pasha also made the emperor declare jihad against russia , hoping the muslims there would rebel ... they did not . 
  a caliph in my opinion became powerless after islam spread so far . 
  no person can rule a country spanning from indonesia to senegal . 
  the people and cultures are far to different . 
  hell the last caliph could n't even rule over the arabs alone . 
  cheeky bastards . 
  also gambia is not there . 
  that country is guinea-bissau . 
   '' syria always beautiful '' oh the irony . 
  beaten by bulgaria , damn this hurts . 
  he will be whatever he thinks will win him elections . 
  at home he is eurosceptic to pander to the far-right . 
  when he is in belgium he acts all nice . 
  same with fico and slovakia , from what i understood . 
  how they purged our western educated elite ? 
  that alone sent our country back 50 years . 
  how they turned us into a communist puppet ? 
  we were worse then any other eastern european country , in the 70 's / 80 's we were heading into north korean style of dictatorship . 
  i do n't hate the russian people , i have russian friends , they are normal people . 
  also as a history buff , i 'm pretty fascinated by their amazing culture and history , especially the imperial era . 
  i just hate their government . 
  yeah , people in the west really do n't understand how e.europe goes sometimes . 
  most parties here got '' friendly '' tv channels , who are basically owned by wealthy businessmen who got connections with the party . 
  psd here has antena3 and romaniatv , they are basically just propaganda stations .
