  [ 5 ] [ 6 ] on 23 march 2015 , irina vlah was elected as the new governor after a strongly pro-russian campaign , dominated by the quest for closer ties with the russian federation . 
  [ 7 ] [ 8 ] control might have been a strong word . 
  but it 's clear that the region is closely allied with russia . 
   one the spd particularily want to forget schroder ? 
  you had what , 4-5 chancellors since ww2 ? 
   but the rail network is owned by merkel . 
  lol, 
  the train has been derailed . 
  agreed . 
  we fought soviet propaganda once . 
  modern russian one is no different , it must be fought as well . 
  '' distance '' crimea is less then 400k from our coast . 
  the russians have a friendly government in moldova and control 2 regions : transnistria and gagauzia . 
  the last is less then 100k away from our border . 
  this map feels very weird . 
  especially at the finnish-russian border . 
  implying he did n't google it before commenting . 
  the '' treaty '' , it was a verbal agreement nothing signed , was made in 89 with the soviets . 
  they would no intervene in the eastern bloc , and will accept the new governments , in return nato promised not to expend into the region . 
  the ussr collapsed in 91 . 
  the eastern side if the river was not historically part of romania . 
  but the soviets did create a state there and called it '' moldova ssr '' even though it was outside of the moldovan region . 
  the usual belief is that they named it so to create a claim on the region . 
  point being they never united the '' moldova ssr '' region to the territory they gained in the 1930 's , modern day republic of moldova , but then called bassarabia . 
  there is still gagauzia , who is somewhat controlled by russia as well . 
  i think the idea of uniting without transnistria is somewhat better , the area is majority russian/ukranian and was almost never under romanian control , besides ww2 , but i do n't want to use the ww2 fascist regime as evidence of our '' claim '' there . 
  still there are other major problems . 
  the older generations are still against the idea of uniting with us . 
  then there is the economic side . 
  moldova has an african-tier economy . 
  still i myself do n't really think in economic terms . 
  a union with moldova should n't be about what 's better for the economy . 
  it 's if both sides think of themselves as romanian and want to live in the same country . 
  i myself prefer moldova to follow a eu path and join shengen and so on . 
  which would make the border meaningless and create a de facto union . 
  bu if it ever comes to a referendum , i think we should have one as well , then i will vote for uniting . 
  this is just sad ... 
  they do n't need to censor anything . 
  as shit as they are , psd has 2 posts that are pure propaganda machines , they are enough , for now at least ... 
  but we also have strong independent posts like protv and digi24 for example , they 'll fight any attempt to censor them pretty hard . 
  so they are content to protect a3 and rtv and allow them to spew bullshit without fear , for now . 
  he lost me . 
   i know it sounds naive , but i do n't think israel is that far away from a one-state solution with full rights ( incl . 
  voting rights ) for palestinian citizens of the west bank . 
  not that naive , in my opinion . 
  this is the only solution i myself see as a inevitable if the current situation continues . 
  agree , on gaza it will be a huge problem , especially with hamas there . 
  as for the palestinians returning , this is an incredible complex issue . 
  the palestinians will argue that how any jew has the right to move to israel so should the palestinians born there , who had to flee . 
  a cynical outlook will be that most of those palestinians would die , by the time any progress can be made . 
  and the palestinians born in syria , lebanon , kuweit , uae ... etc will be considered as citizens of the the country they were born in and not palestinian citizens . 
  but this is far from happening . 
  but as the one-state solution becomes more and more a certainty , this particular situation becomes more and more probable . 
  does n't mean it will happen though . 
   because it 's pretty clear it will be a failed state rather fast and then they 'll wage war against israel and then they 'll be back at square 1 just to comment on this . 
  i myself have little doubt that the palestinian state would quickly collapse under the leadership of the plo or hamas . 
  but you think the current situation will lead to a better solution ? 
  it wo n't . 
  unless of course you commit an ethnic cleansing or two . 
   they have a right to vote , for the palestinian gvt i meant if a a one-state situation continues . 
  israel will be the de facto ruler of the entire area . 
  the israelis will rule and de facto govern but the palestinians will have no vote on that . 
  do n't get me started on the plo , they are complete and utter shit . 
  they harmed the cause of the people more then anyone else . 
  there is no amount of money that will make the jordanians take in millions of palestinians , the responsability of the area , and the prospects of palestinian immigrants returning home . 
  their economy is decent , but it ca n't really handle this . 
  not to mention the political side , will the plo accept the authority of the king ? 
  will the king accept a rival faction ? 
  and more important , do the palestinians themselves want to be part of jordan . 
  egypt is a no , from the very start . 
  sissi does n't even control the sinai , he has no need or desire of gaza . 
  he could n't enforce the rule of law there , just like he ca n't do it in northern sinai , which he lost to isis . 
  the current governments of both countries think in very practical terms . 
  they want little part in this mess . 
  as i said , if a more idealistic king would rule jordan , like the one before this , it could be possible . 
  but not in the current situation . 
   basically bribe jordan and egypt with a fairly massive amount of money to incorporate the west bank and gaza into their respective countries . 
  wo n't work . 
  there is no will from jordan and even less so in egypt . 
  could 've somehow worked with the previous king of jordan , who had dreams of ruling palestine and syria , but no chance with the current one . 
  there is even less will in egypt . 
  the military governments do n't care . 
  if sedat did n't want it , there is zero chance sissi would . 
  and you did n't vote for him ? 
   hey do n't want to incorporate palestine , at least not as long as palestinians still live there . 
  the great irony of the right in israel . 
  they desire the land , but not the people . 
  they want to keep israel a '' jewish '' state , but ca n't make themselves abandon the wb , they have reasons , i do n't say they do n't . 
  but in the long term this ca n't help them at all . 
  millions of palestinians living , de facto , in israel but with no right to vote or representation . 
  this will never end well . 
  at least the left , with who i disagree a lot , has made up their mind . 
  they chose to keep israel '' jewish '' and abandon the land . 
  we should thank them . 
  i 'm a center-right person , would 've voted for fillon if i could , but not after the corruption scandals , that 's a big no for me . 
  now i support macron , but i do n't really like him ... 
  he would have . 
  but filon has no one to blame but himself . 
  i have no strong feelings one way or another, 
  poor hamon ...
