  your sons are in our bosom , are in peace and will be sleeping in peace comfortably . 
  from now on , they have became our sons since they have lost their lives on this land . 
  ironically enough i think this is correct . 
  although there are some nutters you ca n't deny that . 
  had a friend who voted ukip and once he said something like this : '' we have way to many romanians here , we need to stop this '' then he realized i was there and went all '' oh not you !, 
  you 're all right ! '', 
  and when i lived in the uk i used to hang out with other romanians , speak romanian and watch romanian tv shows . 
  he knows do n't worry . 
  why do you think the propaganda doubled ? 
  that 's why he 's cracking down harder then ever . 
  he knows his position is vulnerable , so he consolidates and removes adversaries . 
  i would say it was '' fake '' growth . 
  funded by state investments . . etc. 
  the early 2000 's economic growth in comparison was much more healthy and sustainable . 
  amateurs . 
  26 years of plundering here and still going strong . 
  on a serious note though : the more the economy will fall , the more dictatorial erdogan will get , i think you can actually see the trend starting in 2007-2008 with the economic decline . 
  also you 'll get more extreme as the economy will go down . 
  nationalistic and religious propaganda to distract from the falling economic situation . 
  this is however a double edged sword . 
  the economic decline may lose akp voters , but it will also make it more extreme to cement it 's base . 
  no wage inequality here !, 
  all equal comrade !, 
  all equal in suffering !, 
  quentyn is alive !, 
   they just nominated a guy in vaslui for the parliamentary elections who is convicted of fucking rape . 
  well ... 
  it is vaslui after all . 
  might help them with the electorate there ... 
  this is a new low , even for psd . 
  curious what 's going on in that slightly blue county in vienna , surrounded by green ones ? 
  they 'll have 35 % easy , sadly . 
  voter turnout is the deciding factor . 
  if more people go out then psd will most likely lose . 
  but for various reasons our turnout for parliamentary elections , which are the most important in the country , is shit . 
  while turnout for presidential elections , a mostly ceremonial role , is quite high for our standards . 
  i guess people are still stuck in the old '' strongman '' mentality and do n't realize it 's the parliament , not the president , who governs the country . 
  psd 's voter base is simply obedient , they go to vote , snow , rain or hell they are there . 
  while the anti-psd ( few people are pro-pnl/pdl/pmp ... etc. ), 
  voter base is much harder to get out . 
  look at a concrete example : my grandma and aunt will vote psd at 8 in the morning without doubt . 
  i 'm begging my father for 1 week already to go and vote , he simply does n't want to , even if he absolutely hates psd . 
  psd will get 40 % of votes +5 -7 % what their satelite parties will get . 
  this is enough for a parliamentary majority if turnout is low . 
  they could be beaten , as every single presidential election since 2000 has shown . 
  for goodness sake , besides iliescu psd has n't managed to win a presidential election since . 
  but alas , people do n't bother going to vote for the parliament ... 
  you know nothing of romanian politics do you ? 
  he was n't politically correct really . 
  he was respectful he simple presented each sides opinion , without taking sides, 
  you can take the men out of the balkans but you can never take the balkans out of the men . 
  you do make good points . 
  and i do n't want to insist to much , because , as you said , trump is an unknown , until the cabinate is finished and he actually takes office , we ca n't be sure of anything . 
  one more point i will make , obama also said at the beginning that he '' seeks for a restart in russia-us relationships '' . 
  we saw how that went . 
  election rhetoric can most often be different then actual policy . 
  not because the candidate lied , but because reality is often different once in office . 
  then there is that entire story that trump offered kasich the vp slot and said '' he will the in charge of foreign policy and domestic policy '' and that '' he will be the most powerful vp in history '' . 
  no way trump will back assad . 
  besides bannon , he has around him pretty typical republican politicians . 
  most of them criticized obama for being to soft on putin and syria . 
  he brought in flynn who is quite interventionist and wants to continue the war in afghanistan . 
  he flirts with romney who back in 2012 called russia '' americas biggest threat '' ... etc his vp is openly in favor of removing assad . 
  trump has attended few intelligence briefings , while pence has attended them every day since the election . 
  all this points to me that they will handle most of the heavy work , especially when foreign policy is concerned . 
  and say trump does take an active role , well in 2008 obama also campaigned on quite an anti-interventionism platform . 
  then reality hit him . 
  trump 's promises where simply that he will deal with isis . 
  nothing more . 
  the cia and people around him can easly convince him that assad must be removed for long term reasons . 
  trump as the president of the usa has only one duty , to protect and improve americas interests around the world . 
  not to compromise with russia and iran . 
  remember , both trump and the republicans have attacked obama for being soft with dictators , i.e. 
  : iran , castro ... etc why would it be different with assad and putin , where again the republicans , who control both houses , attacked obama for being to soft on them . 
  foreign adventures to distract from internal problems . 
  russia did this , the usa did this . 
  nothing suprising honestly . 
  the only new thing i can think off is that this might mean the economy is doing worse then thought . 
  happy independence day !, 
  he does . 
  i absolutely hate him and his ideology . 
  but i also have to respect the guy . 
  he landed on cuba with 83 men . 
  2 years later he took over the country from a dictator backed by the biggest superpower in the world . 
  right in it 's backyard . . not to mention he survived dozens on assassination attempts , invasions ... etc. 
  again , right next to the us . 
  while socialists farther away like in chile , nicaragua ... etc. 
  failed to stay in power . 
  begun , the culinary wars have . 
  for once i 'm sure everyone is glad to have italy on their side . 
  that as well , they try to get the prm votes . 
  but they also appeared just when unpr was dying . 
  to me it 's clear they '' build '' this party , to get the votes from unionists and far-right people . 
  but it also has a secondary purpose , they can send here the most corrupt and unpopular members of their party and pretend they are '' cleaning house '' , they already did that with ghita . 
  the only extremist party is pru ( romania united party ) who is a joke . 
  it was founded by corrupt , many even found guilty already , politicians who left psd . 
  most of them are ponta fanboys , the former pm and psd leader who lost the elections and leadership of the party . 
  i really do n't like conspiracy theories , but man everything points to this . 
  i truly think psd '' created '' , or at the very least ponta , this '' party '' . 
  psd always seams to do this : they created and helped parties such as pc then unpr and now alde ... etc these are satellite parties , existing only to gather votes from different people , after they do their job of getting psd a majority they almost always die away and most members just join psd .
