  it 's even banned , but sadly no one enforces it . 
  exactly like here in romania , dragnea has no position in the government , but everyone knows the pm is his puppet . 
  you can do this without banning or making it hard to get an abortion . 
  give sexual education to children , to lower unwanted pregnancies . 
  condoms ... etc trust me , we lived this in romania . 
  just because the state bans abortion does n't mean women wo n't do it . 
  they 'll just do it at home with their friend and fucking straws and balloons . 
  i 'm afraid they 'll fuck it up again ... 
  they raised the salaries and pensions a lot this year , while also cutting taxes . 
  they are hoping for really big growth this year , but many analysts say it 's pure fantasy . 
  many fear will get a deficit bigger then 3 %, 
  correct . 
  here they got popular after the revolution . 
  it was a symbol of wealth and honestly it was just the '' thing '' back then . 
  it 's in the 90 's and early 2000 's that the stereotype spread . 
  honestly it lost it 's popularity quite a lot in the past couple of years . 
  oh good lord this gives me 90 's flashbacks ... 
  that he was , all though i was pretty annoyed when during the elections he called labour '' a threat to the country '' i thought it was pointless and just unnecessary . 
  also appreciated him being more socially liberal , so rare to see this combination these days . 
  still have plenty of things were i disagree with him , but still liked him overall , would have voted for him if i could to be honest . 
  canada 's a interesting country to look at . 
  i doubt they 'll have colder relationship with the usa . 
  but trudeau appointing a fm who is banned to enter russia is a pretty strong sign . 
  now this recent declaration that canada will continue to train ukrainian troops . 
  i think it 's pretty clear where trudeau stands on russia . 
  that 's why i dislike her even more ... 
  i 'm pretty right-wing on the economy , as i said . 
  will get downvoted by all brits on reddit ... 
  but i liked cameron , all though i would n't call him perfect , far from it . 
  i strongly dislike le pen and consider myself pretty right-wing , especially when the economy is concerned . 
  plenty of right-wingers dislike le pen , not only left-wingers, 
  good job bro !, 
  they were . 
  jews and gypsies were their primary targets but they were also fanatical orthodox believers , so the catholic community was targeted as well . 
  ironic though , they had no problem killing orthodox slavs in ukraine . 
  also crazy nationalists , all minorities were targeted . 
  this reminds me of communist propaganda . 
  where we were showed how awful people live in the west . 
  again , not to dismiss serious problem in sweden , there are and they need clear attention , but as a journalist myself , there is nothing more that i hate than propaganda . 
  indeed . 
  the army butchered even christian slavs . 
  ca n't find the article now , i 'm not home , but read it long ago that after germany , romania killed the most jews/gypsies/slavs . 
  well i looked for an example with a country , with fewer jews then mine and in which the general person would n't expect many jews to live in . 
  turkey just came to me first . 
  i know well that , with some exceptions , jews were treated better in turkey/ottoman empire then in the rest of europe . 
  many jews from spain fled to the ottoman empire for example . 
  come on mate , do n't start it like this . 
  i never said or implied your country treated it 's jews badly or something like that . 
  check my history , i defended your country plenty of times on this sub . 
  i have plenty of turkish friend as well . 
  so do n't take this the wrong way , please . 
  it 's a muslim country , so people do n't expect many jews to live there , i just said that just to point how bad the events in my country were . 
  do n't take this the wrong way . 
  you are correct , i should have mentioned the communist horrors as well . 
  the jews were '' bought '' by israel then . 
  israel paid a sum of money and the communists allowed them to leave the country . 
  3rd biggest jewish population in europe . 
  now we have fewer then turkey . 
  will get downvoted perhaps by other romanians , but the horrors of the antonescu regime are not talked about enough . 
  in schools we barely touch this subject . 
  we also have a tendency to whitewash the iron guard and the horrible ideas it represented . 
  edit : couple of romanians said they did learn of this at school . 
  i do n't want to generalize i finished school quite a while ago so things might have changed since then . 
  holy fuck ... 
   dogmatic , never reading a book ironic, 
  same here with our '' '' '' socialists '' '' '' . 
   difficult to say but less likely most would n't protest against it . 
  and also many turks who gladly cheer these bans now , would start yelling that they are '' anti-turk '' bans , if the bans targeted the party they agreed with . 
  and i say this as someone who has plenty of turkish friends and know that quite a lot of them would do just so . 
  this is true . 
  would n't be suprised if they messed the legal papers just to play the victim . 
  as i said . 
  if there are legal problems or the events turn violent , then yes i support a '' ban '' . 
  but i myself ca n't support a political ban because we dislike erdogan . 
  would people still support a ban if it would be chp campaigning ? 
  but it is . 
  i do n't see why they should n't be allowed if they have every legal paper and do so peacefully . 
  i would like to think the italian or spanish government would allow romanians to do the same if they wanted . 
   tl ; dr : venues were rented under false pretense , giving the police too little time to ensure the safety of the events . 
  whether or not turkish campaigning is welcome in germany was never part of the equation . 
  then this is fair . 
  true . 
  not to mention udmr , the hungarian minority party , is basically in a coalition with psd . 
  as much as i hate erdogan and his cronies . 
  i ca n't really support a ban on political grounds . 
  if there are problems with legal papers then yes but an outright ban on political grounds i ca n't get behind . 
  not to say this can be used for propaganda purposes : '' evil europe is bad to turks , we need a strong leader to defend them !! '' . 
  so it might work against us all together . 
  it 's '' secular '' nationalism that happened . 
  many areas in anatolia were majority christian for centuries under ottoman rule . 
  but they did n't survive 20 years of hyper ethnic nationalism . 
  their mostly coming from rural central anatolia , thus more likely to vote akp or just dislike chp . . erdogan pays attention to these people . 
  gives them lots of benefits ... etc so they enjoy all the ups of erdogan but none of the down-sides , because they do n't actually live in turkey . 
  erdo wins the referendum . 
  he gets drunk with power forgets to rig the presidential elections . 
  chp candidate wins . 
  erdo gives dictatorial powers to chp . 
  if this happens i 'll die laughing . 
  on a serious note : good to see no ahead . 
  still though it will be a tight vote .
