  i wo n't argue though , because just as i said , in my opinion the 2-state solution is dead . 
  but hypotethically i support a un suppervision of the demilitarization of the wb . 
  israel controls one side of the border , so they 'll police it just fine . 
  the other will be done by the jordanians , relative friend of israel . 
   so germany killing jews is fine ? 
  you where speaking of human rights , women/gays/non-muslims , not genocide . 
  if we would be to occupy every country where women , gays and non-muslims are treated like shit , we would invade over half the world . 
  palestine at worst will turn into what iraq and malaysia are right now , concerning rights of women , gays , non-muslims . 
   there were no settlements in 1929 , there were no settlements in 1948 , there were no settlements in 1967 . i 'm speaking of today , not then . 
  back then war was pushed by outside players , like nasser and others . 
  today no arab country truly supports the palestinians . 
  hell look how cozy the saudis are getting with israel . 
   the biggest obstacle is that twelve year olds are being sent to stab israelis no it is n't . 
  kids trying to stab israeli soldiers is n't a threat to the peace process . 
  the settlements are . 
  the palestinians wo n't give them away because they see them as illegal , something which every nation on the face of the earth , even israel funny enough , agrees on . 
  israel does n't want to give them either . 
  for good reason though , all those settlers wo n't vote for the person who 'll uproot them from their homes . 
  a hard border , where all israelis leave the wb will reduce knife attacks and keep people much safer . 
  pointless to argue though , it will never happen . 
  i firmly believe the 2 state solution is dead . 
   the only solution is educating them until they are competent enough to run a country that will not turn into a 3rd world shithole with no human rights for women , gays , non muslims this is a colonial argument . 
  not to mention you 'll never '' educate '' them . 
  this is about self determination , what they do with their country is up to them , not you , me or anyone else . 
  by this logic the french should 've kept algeria . 
  the british india ... etc until they could '' educate '' the population . 
  fully agree, 
  i actually had no idea if he still lived . 
  i used '' was '' to refer to his actions there . 
  gaza is a completely different story . 
  bibi and abbas are both on the same page with that though , their working together to siege it . 
  even if an independent palestine would come to be , gaza will still be a shitshow . 
  abbas himself has agreed to full demilitarization of the wb and said his fine with un or even nato policing the border if they want it . 
  the biggest obstacle to the 2-state solution , are the settlements . 
   because of soros , every protest anywhere in this world will be treated as an instability fuss backed by his money . 
  yeah dragnea would have fully admited the protests and complaints against psd are legitimate if soros was n't funding ngo 's in romania ... oh wait he is n't , not since 2007 or 2008 . 
  these are excuses . 
  dragnea has soros , tariceanu has '' binomul '' , ponta had the '' secret services '' , nastase had '' foreign agencies '' and iliescu had '' fascist-legionary movements trying to destabilize our young democratic life '' you have to be delusional to think they would n't find someone else to blame for their failures . 
  bibi is an idiot who does n't know what he wants . 
  a jewish state or the west bank . 
  his actions will harm israel greatly in couple of generations . 
  he killed the 2 state solution , and keeps killing it . 
  the reports , from eyewitnesses , of what happened there are truly shocking and hard to even imagine . 
  mladic was a monster . 
   israel backs hungary it 's bibi and his gang, 
   installing kadyrov , showering him with money , and letting him apply the law how he sees fit is putin 's policy . 
  absolutely true . 
  but he has n't really done this outside chechnya , so that 's why i do n't want to generalize . 
  as i said no region , not even those neighboring chechnya , like dagestan and ingushetia act this way . 
  no governor/president rules his province/region the way kadyrov does . 
  not really . 
  i have no love for putin , but chechnya is in a world of itself . 
  no other area acts and is ruled like it . 
  he looks like a genuine pan-turanist , that looks refreshing , there really is n't anyone to truly campaign on that right now . 
  my hope is that they 'll unite afterwards though . 
  all are needed . 
  worst case scenario is they keep fighting forever ... 
  what are you thinking of sinan ogan ? , i think he 'll give it a try as well . 
  judging by his twitter it looks like he 's going with a strong ethnic nationalistic approach and pan-turanism . 
  i was n't speaking of alawism ( which amusingly enough , many shias do n't even consider them muslims , let alone shias ) . 
  anatolian alevis , are related somewhat to shia islam . 
  shia sects are very different from one another though , much more than sunni sects . 
  '' ali is mohammed and mohammed is ali '' , they are surely not sunnis . 
   instilling an us vs them mentality this . 
  more polarization is the last thing turkey needs . 
  all those scandals with the germans and dutch , did nothing but help him . 
  he knows that , he is n't stupid . 
  erdogan actively pushes for polarization knowing well , that it helps him . 
  kilicdaroglu 's idea to make this march non-partisan was the right choice . 
  his speech was also good , he mentioned how even supporters of the akp and islamists where not spared by the purges, 
  10 i 'm to lazy to write it all . 
  so here 's a [ link ] ( https://twitter.com/seref_i/status/884089995304239104 ), 
  he gets far to much hate , he is a good man . 
  kilicdaroglu had a very good speech . 
  some interesting points : he used erdogans term '' feto '' when describing the gulenists and he praised the people who took to the streets on the night of the coup . 
  one of his better speeches , perhaps his best , to date . 
  edit : `` every pharoah has a moses , every nimrod has an abraham ... satan will not be here in this country . 
  we will fight oppression . '', 
  great quote as well . 
  interestingly enough i do n't think he mentioned ataturk even once . 
  edit : kilicdaroglu an alevi , a sect related to shia islam . 
  in his speech today he gave umar , the 2nd caliph , as an example of justice . 
  umar is usually disliked by shias , but sunnis hold him in high regard . 
   does n't erdogan have pretty much the entire military in his pockets ? 
  not really , not since he purged his gulenists friends . 
  holy crap , kilicdaroglu quoted the quran . 
  never thought i 'll see the day a chp leader does that . 
  i think he even mentioned mohammed . 
  finally someone who understands how chechnya works . 
   so how much credit should the ottomans really be given for not committing any genocides in the balkans specifically ? 
  i was speaking of the middle east ffs ... not the balkans ... 
  how can i be nostalgic for the ottomans as a romanian ...  f you make the point that the ottomans did n't do anything very bad i did n't . 
  because otommans having circassian slaves was not the point of the debate . 
  i simply pointed out that most of the times , they where much better at keeping the peace in the middle east area . 
  and that the area was quite better under their rule then the madness that followed it 's collapse , that we still feel even to this day . 
   then expect points about the bad things they did to be raised you are giving completely different examples that have nothing to do with my initial point . 
  i was n't speaking of slavery or the armenian genocide . 
  i was speaking that most of the middle east , was relatively peaceful and stable under ottoman rule . 
  oh for fucks sake , why do people always ask this , even when it 's not the point of the debate ? 
  it happened .
