  it already does . 
  holy ... rekt, 
   no it doesnt exist when every prominent member gets jailed . 
  this is ridiculous , the hdp is not banned , they got tons of mps and are not banned from taking part in elections . 
  if you would 've said they are persecuted by erdogan/bahceli , i would have fully agreed with you . 
  but saying the party is banned is just factually wrong . 
  why should they help a group that 's bombing their cities ? 
  should we also help nusra ? 
  for quite a while they actively fought is, 
  do n't mind these people . 
  it is n't their cities and people that get bombed and killed by pkk , all they see is brave gluten-free feminists fighting isis . 
  some part of me really wants a independent kurdistan , just to see it taken over by islamists within 2 elections , i wonder how will they all react then . 
  not to defend erdo 's policy though . 
  he should have entered syria much earlier , free the mostly arab lands from is before the kurds did . 
  he waited far to long . 
   and are intentionally kept that way to suppress kurdish identity . 
  one of the most ridiculous statement i ever heard . 
  the kurds who are islamists , most of them to a certain degree are , more than half of leftist hdps voters support sharia law , became so as a reaction to turkish secular nationalism , and because the islamists treated them better . 
   he has closed the kurdish party , banned the kurdish tvs that he once allowed both simply false . 
  hdp still exists . 
  there are numerous kurdish tvs , some did get close , but they got closed for being anti-erdogan , just like the turkish ones . 
  pro-erdogan kurdish tvs are working freely . 
   hivemind takes somebody 's side and downvotes the other person . 
  welcome to reddit . 
   does n't change the fact that there is nothing interesting going on here , at least for tourists . 
  to be honest , i did spend most of my time with a friend and her family . 
   fucking love the ugly duckling that is ankara . 
  yeah same here . 
  i 'll admit that it does n't have the tourist sites istanbul has , but it was really nice nevertheless . 
  tfw i 'm one of those weird guys that liked ankara, 
  not all leftists , of course . 
  many denounce it . 
  but there is a leftist minority that does support them , mostly because '' anti-imperialism '' . 
  my source is mostly personal experience and twitter . 
  is that what you took from my comment ? 
  that i excuse those who did those attacks ? 
  fine , whatever ...  on the other side , a concert blowing up , attacks on briges the groups who comited those attacks are all designed terrorist groups and sharing or displaying their signs , emblems or propaganda is a crime . 
   where it is said , and by who , and at what time . 
  after quds day celebrations ( a celebration sponsored by the iranians i should add , celebrating the future retaking of jerusalem from the israelis . 
  in iran the celebrations included , chanting '' death to israel '' and unveiling a giant clock counting down to the death of the '' zionist entity '' in 20 years time from that day ) , in london , where hezbollah flags and propaganda was seen , a tory mp said hezbollah flags . . etc should be banned . 
  khan answered that he agrees with her . 
  this is the context of him doing this . 
   they are the problem of few chosen so where the wahhabi once . 
  i do n't disagree with you entirely , i simply do n't understand why we ca n't denounce both . 
   i do n't care then do n't call them pro-palestinian, 
   but israelis get a pass because they behave like westerners . 
  when the perpetrators are swarthy men with big beards the tune changes . 
  check my comment history if you want . 
  do n't give me this rhetoric . 
  yes , this looks right . 
  half of indians in the uk would of course vote for a party saying that . 
  at least i know not to reply anymore . . 
  true, 
   muslim view pakistani . 
  how do they pander ? 
  what 's their official stance on kashmir ? 
   automatically gets listed as terrorist organization by us and most/many european countries . 
  nothing new or surprising here . 
  oh ffs , they throw rockets at israel , take israeli hostages ... etc yes , all the world is wrong , and great anti-imperialistic iran and hezbollah are brave freedom fighters . 
  i find it hard to see how you can support kidnapings , car bombs and assassinations, 
  most indians also vote labour , do they '' push '' anti-pakistani agendas ? 
  the saudis do n't give a shit about hezbollah , they have long since abandoned lebanon to iran . 
  besides , it 's a terrorist organization , designed so by the us , eu , israel ... etc, 
   pro palestinian hezbollah what have they ever done for the palestinians ? 
  the shias in lebanon , for most part , fought against the plo militias during the civil war . 
  or they like the lefts housing and healthcare policy . 
   they are using who ? 
  the pakistanis ? 
  the arabs ? 
  which arabs , the iraqis or the syrians ? 
  '' they '' , are n't a hive-mind . 
  besides a huge chunk of muslims , perhaps a majority of them , do n't even vote . 
  you 're comparing apples with oranges . 
  wahhabism is an ideology , not a group , dozens of different groups all over the uk may spread it , it requires the governments intervention and policy , not just the mayor of london . 
  hell , from personal experience i 'll tell you there are cities besides london with a bigger wahhabist presence . 
  hezbollah is 1 organized terrorist group , like al-qaeda and others . 
  edit : the taliban is purely an afghan organization , should we not ban it to ? 
  agreed on social issues , most muslims i met while living in the uk were not hippie progressives but on the other hand many are also genuine leftists when it comes to economic issues . 
  good , far to many leftists are fans of '' anti-imperialist '' hezbollah you literally ca n't defend hezbollah , they do suicide bombing , assassinations , car bombs , threaten to destroy israel ... etc it 's a terrorist group . 
  i truly think , anyone who defends mladic is mad . 
  you can even defend milosevic if you want , arguing that he agreed to an earlier peace plan , but it was refused by the bosnian serb leadership , because they got to greedy . 
  but mladic , is simply a monster . 
  i wo n't continue this pointless argument , because just as i said , in my opinion the 2 state solution is dead . 
  so to me it feels pointless to argue on what an entity i never think will exist will do you 'll continue to occupy them until they stop waging war on you , and they 'll wage war on you until you stop occupying them . 
  this is how it will be for the next decades . 
  but you 'll wake up one day , with half your country made of palestinians , who are ruled directly , and indirectly , by a government they ca n't vote for . 
  and i wonder what some will say then , perhaps some would say '' why did n't we just gave them the damn land and bomb them like we do with hezbollah '' there 's a good chance in the future , if this course continues , that the desire for the land , will kill the zionist project of a jewish majority country . 
   so killing gays is perfectly fine , because it is up to them ? 
  you cannon occupy an entire people , arguing that they 'll kill gays if their given freedom . 
  yes gays are treated like shit , even in malaysia , not killed though , does n't mean the uk should have kept it as it 's colony . 
  same with france and algeria . 
   yes , we totally need more crappy countries in the world . 
  again more colonial mentality . 
  it does n't matter . 
  mali and niger are utter shitholes . 
  does n't mean the french should have kept them . 
   ye , israel will just have rockets fired at them instead . 
  israel legally declares war , and a few thousand palestinians die . 
  great solution . 
  that 's what you do with lebanon for years .
