  as i 've said many times , africa is in it 's current situation more because of the cold war proxies , rather then colonialism , all though colonialism played a big part . 
  it 's the fast decolonization that destroyed the countries , their political institutions were not build for democracy or even governing , as they inherited the colonial systems , which purpose was control and exploitation . 
  a slow decolonization , starting with more and more autonomy would have been the best course of action . 
  sadly it was n't possible . 
  some journalists say that besides the revolution , these are the biggest manifestations in romanian history !, 
  let 's hope !, 
  got a bit depressed earlier in the day , few people in the capital , but thankfully everything went fine and the people came !, 
  simply amazing !, 
  300k in all the country !, 
  150k in the capital alone !, 
  great numbers !, 
  on a side-note : the church , who is in psd 's pockets have denounced these changes to the law . 
  pretty big deal , the church rarely breaks with psd on issues . 
  started a bit slower , but we quickly got yesterdays numbers . 
  the capital 's a bit less today but the other cities have record turnout . 
  extremely peaceful as well , no violence so far , hopefully there will be none . 
  they 're hellbent on destroying the justice system , outside presure is good and welcomed . 
  they do n't care about the people, 
  i meant now , not at the elections . 
  dragnea , grindeanu and plumb kept yelling how they 'll raise everything yesterday , salaries , pensions . 
  how they 'll give students free transport . 
  at night 200k were in the streets , not accepting these bribes . 
  and seeing how 61 % of romanians did n't vote , i 'll say yes , the bribes did n't work for the majority of romanians . 
  the opposition simply failed to convince people to come out . 
  they do have former communists yes . 
  but their hardly true believers . 
  it 's the drive for power that they believe in . 
  their convinced capitalists if they can profit from it . 
  also very progressive of them , trying to ban gay marriage all together and having the church in their pocket . 
  i 'm a right-winger i criticized left-wing parties all my life , from numerous countries psd is not left-wing . 
  yes, 
  sadly so far turnout in the capital is lower '' only '' 40k as of right now . 
  on the good side , turnout in the other cities is about the same or in some cases bigger . 
  they are supporting a referendum to ban gay marriage proposed by the church . 
  the article is utter crap , the person who wrote it knows nothing of romanian politics . 
  psd has both left-wing and right-wing economical policies , many time contradictory , only thing they care is how good it sounds as a slogan . 
  whatever the results . 
  a great civic spirit was born these days . 
  for the first time , people did n't fail for the electoral bribes , did n't go in the streets because of low salaries/pensions and did n't go out there because they hate 1 person . 
  they went there for a principal and to defend their rights and what is morally right . 
  their a populist-conservative party with no ideology . 
  they yell for both bigger pensions/salaries and lower taxes, 
  many came with children yesterday , after the clashes they might not bring them out . 
  many do n't have anyone to let them with , so they may stay at home . 
  if it 's peaceful today i expect more tomorrow , and especially in the weekend . 
  note : this is for the capital , turnout in other cities is said to be even bigger . 
  there could be couple paid agitators . 
  but honestly , most were just plain idiots . 
  at the romania-poland game last year the rapid fans , threw torches so the federation would get fined , they were angry rapid was relegated . 
  after the violent outbursts from barbaric retards , protests will tone down ... people be afraid to go out . 
  they 'll '' sacrifice '' someone , tone down the bill , the amnesty one most likely . 
  and that 's it . 
  this is n't really my style so forgive me . 
  i swear to fucking god , football ultras need to just die . 
  i fucking hate them , 700 retarded people ruining 150k peoples peaceful protests . 
  this is n't really my style so forgive me . 
  i swear to fucking god , football ultras need to just die . 
  i fucking hate them , 700 retarded people ruining 150k peoples peaceful protests . 
  no idea , really . 
  i 'm not from the capital but it 's easly around 0c, 
  dragnea , our de facto leader and mastermind behind this , has n't been seen anywhere today all day . 
  the justice minister refused to take questions from the press , just kept saying how '' everything we did is legal '' tariceanu , dragneas ally , kept saying , shaking and in a silent voice : '' w-we won the election , it-it 's the parliament that 's sovereign , in a democracy the street does n't decide ! '', 
  they 're pissing themselves . 
  100.000 in the capital alone now . 
  biggest protests since the revolution !, 
  turnout was 39 % . 
  they also never mentioned these things during campaign . 
  i know lots of psd voters , mostly older people , who are very angry at these actions . 
  it 's hard to sell even to their own semi-brainwashed supporters . 
  i mean , these are usually either old people or from the poorer parts of romanian society , they are not happy that psds first actions are saving their friends and making sure the justice system ca n't do anything . 
  they voted for psd for bigger pensions/salaries and fewer taxes , they already backtracked on many of those as well ... no one voted for amnesty and cripling the justice system . 
  i 'm a convinced pacifist and believer in non-violent resistance . 
  but we should just throw them in trash bin and make them sign their resignation like the ukrainians did ... 
  funny story dragnea , our de facto leader went as a tourist to meat trump . . 
  voter turnout is everything . 
  psd got 40 % of votes with a 39 % turnout . 
  problem is that pnl , is in disarray too , and full of corruption as well , they do preach of anti-corruption and all that though , psd no longer even bothers . 
  usr is new and ca n't really predict how well they 'll do . 
  but one thing i 'm certain , they are unable to lead a government , they are a purely '' anti-system '' / '' anti-corruption '' party , they have left wingers , right wing conservatives , they 'll never have a governing platform . 
  at most they can support pnl , who will actually govern . 
  anyways , we are in deep shit . 
  i predict they 'll try to go the orban route, 
  you 're right , sadly , you are right . 
  the harm is already done . 
  it stops the current investigation , of course ... he still has the old sentence though , not really sure if he can be pm . 
  it does n't matter though , they got what they wanted , their free . 
  can he do it ? 
  i do n't think he has that power . 
  the memes have gone to far . 
  oh no , i do n't want dragnea to get shot . 
  oh no , let him live long and well , in jail . 
  so glad to see people of all backgrounds , all ages , protesting today . 
  i was a bit '' envious '' seeing all those protests in poland , i thought will never have something like this here and that psd will just do whatever it pleases . 
  if anything , at least we gave dragnea a huge slap in the face , he started acting like a god damn dictator lately , thinking he 's above everyone . 
  they have no choice really , if they do n't pass amnesty it will get them too in 1 year , at most . 
  dragnea , tariceanu and countless others would be saved by this amnesty . 
  if it does n't pass they ' l be destroyed for them it 's all or nothing . 
  protests in romania are really rare . 
  50k in the capital is massive , for us . 
  this is one of the few moments that truly makes me proud of this country .
