  and if turkey would have been close to joining the eu , they would n't have been in this situation . 
  they would have completed the necessary reforms and would have been a normal democratic country . 
  putinism more like . 
  it unfolds exactly as it happened in russia . 
  a slow but steady take over of the state aparatus . 
  the coup only gave him a excuse to move faster . 
  this is mostly the fault of the opposition . 
  they had erdogan at their mercy , the turkish people beat him , they could 've taken almost all powers away from him and akp . 
  but they put personal quarrels above the country and allowed erdogan to get up again . 
  what worries me the most about this referendum honestly is some of orbans words , do correct me if i 'm wrong , i saw this briefly on tv . 
  he said the referendum will '' pass '' even if it turnout is below 50 % . 
  irrelevant on your opinion on migrations , this sets in my opinion a dangerous precedent . 
  not to mention hungary was to take only about 200 refugees . 
  edit : double checked , looked like i confused some numbers or countries , no idea where i got the 200 , though i do remember something with that , perhaps another country . 
  most sources i found now , say the numbers are about 700-800 . 
  we already took took double that this year . 
  well the referendum does something , from what i spoke with some hungarian friends , all seem to agree on this at least , orban will steal some more money . 
  just admit it , the massive immigration in the usa is state sponsored . 
  the ultimate goal is a '' re-conquista '' where you retake the land you lost in the war . 
  i think he 's doing that on purpose . 
  if brexit has negative impact on the uk he could try and go for the pm job again . 
  may be a bit cynical but after what i saw of boris , it would n't suprise me at all if he puts himself over the country . 
  you lack faith in the motherland !, 
  superpower by 2100 !, 
  hahahaha . 
  just saw that if you hover over our map , on the right , mexico appears !!, 
  whoever did that is a genius !, 
  does mexico being a former spanish colony , and spain being in the eu , give us an annexation casus beli ? 
  that also came from his lack of diplomacy , in my opinion . 
  he was unable to realize or who knows perhaps he did n't want to , that compromises must be done by all sides . 
  and this is why i generally prefer my politicians to be more '' bland '' but with experience and the necessary diplomatic attitude , instead of '' likable fools '' . 
  i feel sorry for the british people . 
  varoufakis was n't a idiot . 
  he just lacked diplomacy in my opinion . 
  i kinda agree we with you . 
  but these sort of medals are given to head of states . 
  they could n't bring a random judge . 
  i think he did well so far , perhaps a bit to silent when compared to basescu . . 
  but i do think this prize is in a sense '' ours '' . 
  could you imagine ponta getting this prize ? 
  in a way they are our doing just as much , if not more then his . 
  but as head of state he accepts it in the countries name . 
  well i would give him a medal just for appearing at the right time and being bland enough as not to anger anyone . 
  could you imagine ponta as president ? 
  we where about to shoot ourselves in the foot right there . . 
  implying we have money for bribes . / s, 
  basescu planned to use dna against his political enemies . 
  now that he lost control he attacks kovesi almost daily . 
  he is n't charged with direct murder . 
  i do n't really know the legal names , in english , of the charges . 
  but it 's more indirectly , he had no right to that escort , he was using it for personal reasons . 
  they also said , they found out he abused his powers numerous times . 
  to give a example he used escorts more then the president and prime-minister combined . 
  he would use it to go to restaurants , hotels ... etc. 
  no it is n't politically , dna is quite neutral on this , even the eu praised it . 
  it 's more that the tragic death of the policeman finally brought to light all the abuses oprea used to commit . 
  they do n't say oprea murdered the policemen , they say his illegal practices and abuse of the powers his position gave him , lead , indirectly to his death . 
  he is from alde our party whose platform is openly pro-corruption . 
  they are also a bit anti-eu but not so much on ideological reasons , they just dislike the eu because they call out these assholes when they steal . 
  ironically their leader , tariceanu , created dna , our anti-corruption agency . 
  he has about 2 or 3 charges already , hopefully he 'll get arrested soon . 
  i explained nicely as to why i 'm against these populist proposals , from a technical point of view . 
  because of lack of study , superficial proposals without any depth . 
  this is without my personal opinion . 
  as i said , i was against that supermarket law because it was idiotically superficial . 
  and until i see well thought arguments those will be the biggest reasons i 'm against this current proposal . 
  as i said though i know little of it but i will try to find more information on it , if it 's well argumented and comprehensive , then i would n't mind it passing . 
  from a purely personal point of view i 'm against it because i personally believe in a free market economy . 
  because most of these laws are extremely poorly thought out . 
  because as i said they are n't meant to pass in the first place . 
  the supermarket law i mentioned to give a example , was about 1 page . 
  and the dude who proposed it had to idea what to do in case the romanian producers could n't supply half of the demand , which they themselves said they could n't do . 
  i do n't know much of this particular law , but i will look for more info . 
  if at the very least it 's well thought out and argumented , with concrete numbers and at least , for goodness sake , 5 pages , i would n't mind it , regardless of my personal opinion . 
  it 's not really all . 
  most of these proposals usually come from low ranking mp 's . 
  it 's a tactic the parties use . 
  they do this to see how the reaction will be . 
  if it 's bad the parties leaders will intervene and '' discipline '' these mp 's that '' overstepped their duties '' . 
  if the proposal has good/decent reactions the leaders will pretend that it was they all along who supported these proposals . 
  they know that . 
  that 's why they propose it , because they know they do n't have to actually deliver it . 
  because they themselves do n't want it to pass . 
  they did the same with the supermarket law i said above . 
  even the guy who proposed it , refused to talk about it after 1 week . 
  this is campaign season in romania , tons of proposed populists laws , a couple nationalistic ones and some protectionism ones . 
  after they win the elections , they drop these laws and forget them , because they themselves do n't actually believe in them , they just use them during campaign . 
  some good news , well not for croatia , is nice for a change . 
  now lets hope we do n't screw it after the elections . 
  it was pretty late in the night and raining , the policeman was riding motorbike and hit a hole in the road . 
  romania - there where protests in bucharest , after mp 's voted against allowing former minister of interior , gabriel oprea , to be tried for the death of a policeman who died while escorting his car . 
  a escort he had no right to , as it was n't work related , but rather a personal trip . 
  he was found to use official escorts about 3-4 times a day , going/leaving home , going to restaurants and even to hotels . 
  no idea what he did at those hotels , but i could guess . 
  after protests and the president demended his resignation , he resigned . 
  i would laugh if it would n't be so sad . 
  no it should n't . 
  and they themselves know that . 
  the law wo n't pass because it 's not meant to pass . 
  it 's meant to do the round for couple of days in the news and work as a nice soundbyte on campaign same was with that law that would force supermarkets to have +50 % goods produced in romania .
