  brexit was only the triger factor . 
  and no , not all who voted to leave the eu are racists bigots , but this exactly is the problem . 
  not all those who voted '' leave '' are racists , i would say the vast majority is n't . 
  but all the racists who voted to leave do n't realise this and now they feel legitimized and think that more then half the country agrees with them . 
  which of course is false , as someone who studied in the uk i can fully confirm . 
  hell even boris seemed very uncomfortable when a reporter asked him '' how do you feel about the waves of xenophobia you helped to unleash ? '', 
  the best solution is strong punishments and even stronger condamnations to remember them that this is not acceptable . 
  elections will start soon , do n't worry more memes incoming . 
  this . 
  oversight and tight regulations helped us more then the actual money . 
  for crying out loud mayors and politicians are reluctant to ask for eu funds because they know the anti-corruption agency will be on them day and night . 
  campaigning starts only in november . 
  and we have new campaign spending rules , now candidates have a fixed sum they are allowed to use while campaigning . 
  this was passed by our technocratic government to fight corruption . 
  certain individuals would bride officials , by giving money to their campaign and the hide the money by saying they bought banners , fliers ... etc. 
  also this has a political side , as we do n't have a political government , they decided to set the date earlier to give all political parties time to organize themselves and appear neutral . 
  there where some , mostly around istanbul . 
  it was n't that much and the transfer was n't forced , as far as i know , rather turkey offered to give those people citizenship and we agreed . 
  as i said it was on a much , much smaller scale then the greek-turkish population transfers . 
  romania election date , for parliament , has been set for dec. 11th . 
  soon campaigning will begin . 
  ( already did for 1 mp who proposed that all pensions should be tax free , thankfully it wo n't pass ), 
  we never really annexed that area , unlike odessa and the russians quickly came afterwards . 
  a fun piece of information . 
  after the turkish-russian war , where we won our de facto independence , the russians gave us dodrujea , which is today our only connection to the sea , but back then we did n't actually want it !, 
  we wanted bassarabia , because it was majority romanian , while dobruja , which unlike the other romanian territories was actually a province of the ottoman empire , was a majority turkish/bulgarian . 
  we actually did a population transfer with the turkish republic , after ataturk founded it . 
  it 's often overshadowed by the , truthfully , bigger population transfers of greece-turkey . 
  i have to agree with this . 
  that is why i believe most of these '' populist '' parties would , either change , or entirely disappear if they had to actually govern . 
  look at farage for example , he did fulfill his '' goal/vision/ambition '' , call it whatever you want , to get the uk out of the eu . 
  but it is the competent conservative government ( you may disagree with them on policies but i would n't call theresa may/tories incompetent ) who will actually do the hard part of negotiating all of these . 
  while farage will drink beer and throw insults from time to time to the eu and may , if she does n't get the deal he wants , all the while he does n't have to bring forth any solutions/ideas because it is n't him negotiating . 
  it is much , much harder to actually govern , come with solutions , and have people criticize your every action . 
  then it is to sit on the sidelines and just point your finger . 
  though to be completely honest this is usually what most opposition parties do , irrelevent of their political position . 
   '' majority being fine in the past when it was the `` right '' thing to do . '', 
  i do not know if this jibe is directed at me , especially when i said the referendum is 100 % legitimate and a decision was made , one that now i fully support . 
  i was just having a conversation about different logistical ways of doing referendums . 
  and gave the australian system as a example . 
  other countries use it but australia is the most known one . 
  both are completely legitimate ways of doing a referendum , because the people decided it is . 
  ( or more truthfully their elected representatives did . ), 
  if the people decided the matter will be resolved in a dance-off then that too would be legitimate ... 
  i am of course exagerating to make a point !, 
  i can dislike the method of doing this process but i do not deny it 's legitimacy . 
  i myself as i said lean , not fully support , this method as well has it 's drawbacks , towards this australian system . 
  even though i 'm fully confident that it is n't functional in all countries . 
  it would n't work in romania , portugal , bulgaria ... etc but it would , at least logistically in the uk , mostly because of it 's form , with constituent '' countries '' . 
  the very same thing with fptp , i dislike it , i do n't think it 's a good system , not when a candidate can win with as low as 30 % of votes . 
  but i do n't deny their legitimacy when they win . 
  because that is the system the country agreed they will use . 
  i did the same with the uk elections . 
  i do n't believe the conservatives should have got a absolute majority , i think snp got to many seats and now before people jump on me , i think ukip got far to few seats . 
  so as a final note , i would say people are allowed to have different opinions , in a democracy , and they can dislike a voting system but not deny it 's victors and legitimacy at the same time . 
  oh i completely agree . 
  in australian for example for a refferendum to pass it requires a majority of population and states to vote for it , so it can pass . 
  for example under that system brexit would n't have passed because it is a tie , with england and wales for it and scotland and ni against it . 
  you can argue which is better and have different views and opinions . 
  i myself lean on the australian model , if it is possible . 
  but the uk made the rules , and chose this system . 
  so while we might dislike it , it is legitimate , because the government decided so . 
  it is the same thing with fptp , we can dislike it and support different ways of voting . 
  but at this moment , this is the legitimate system the government , elected in free elections , chose . 
  i agree completely . 
  but there were some , like farage , who said it 's possible . 
  hopefully this will be made clear soon . 
  that would depend more on their next president more then on the uk , in my opinion . 
  well a lot will depend on the usa 's next president ... 
  happy independence day !, 
  well to be honest , there were massive protests against those statues . 
  what the hell hungary ? 
  did triannon really depressed you that much ? / s, 
  what i find ironic is that it starts to look that the smaller countries in the eu want a tougher negotiation , with the uk , then the germans want . 
  well this basically removes any chance the uk will be in the single market without freedom of movement . 
  in my opinion it 's a sign that the eu truly means to negotiate from a position of strength and is ready to stand up to the uk . 
  anyway for a journalist like me , this promises to be quite a treasure trove ... 
  i wish the negotiating will go '' well '' , as well as realistically possible , and neither the people of the uk or the eu will be impacted in a negative way . 
  that was the most idiotic thing i saw in my life . 
  i am pro-eu , never made that a secret , but i also respect democracy . 
  the uk made it 's choice and now i support nothing less then them leaving the eu , because it 's the will of a majority . 
  but insulting the people you will negotiate the future of your country with , is just plain stupid . 
  and i know exactly why he did it , he did it because it wo n't be him negotiating for the uk , it will be the conservative government . 
  what was even more idiotic was that he told them basically this : '' you will accept all our demands ( of course he does n't even have a clue what the uk 's position is , because he wo n't be part of the negotiations ) and shut up '' . 
  that 's not how negotiating goes . 
  just like the uk has interests so does the eu . 
  i think he believed he '' gave the eu the finger one last time '' , but honestly i think may/the uk were more angered at his words then the eu , they are used with him , he 's there for 10 + years . . 
  '' nea '' is more poetic . 
  i see it often in books , i believe in was common in the early part 20th century but for various reasons people stopped using it . 
  but we do use something similar when we say '' snowing '' , this would be '' ninge '' . 
  '' zapada '' is used only when saying '' snow '' . 
  any other form is most likely derived from '' nea '' . 
  for example : '' it snowed '' - '' a nins '' / '' it will snow '' - '' va ninge '' ... etc, 
  damn ... ca n't spell correctly in my own language ... 
  this is what happens when you write on reddit in a hurry ... 
  funny thing , we also have that in romanian '' briceag '' it refers to swiss knifes , which ironically i do n't know how they are called in english ... 
   '' boring black dude 's father '' poor jacob , no one remembers him ... 
  there are idiots and crazy people in every country . 
  do n't be . 
  70 actually .
