  nothing 's lost . 
  50 % or so hate his guts , of course they hate each other to . . 
  it 's more then an enough base . 
  also ironically erdogans destroying akp leadership to replace them with cronnies will be the death of akp in the long run . 
  who 'll rule after his gone ? 
  he 'll be gone one day , one way or another . 
  lmao . 
  '' edit : or gokcek will take over and instal a reign of enlightment and lead turkey into the space age with transformers ! '', 
  gul and davutoglu were the only ones who could keep akp united and had some respect inside the party . 
  akp will eat itself soon enough . 
  the best thing though , that could happen in turkish politics is , if bahceli just drops dead soon . 
  edit : also , i think the presidential referendum was a grave mistake for him , he got blinded by power . 
  in a parliamentary 40 % would have gave him a safe majority . 
  and as the oposition proved they ca n't form a coalition . 
  in a presidential system , he needs 50 % +1 , with all the fraud , he barely got 52 % this summer and lost ankara and istanbul for the first time since the 90 's . 
  the only problem is the opposition candidate . 
  it 'll be hard to find someone that can get mhp/chp/hdp voters all to vote for him/her . 
  he 'll do nothing they are n't a treat anymore . 
  hdp is dead , mhp is divided and bahcelis faction is controlled . 
  if he does n't go full mentally retard he 'll never touch chp . 
  it 's not like they pose a danger . 
  to late and reasoning is weak . 
  erdogan will accuse them of simply wanting to bail out a corrupt friend . 
  right after the referendum , with the motive of voter fraud , would 've been the perfect timing . 
  dragnea and his gang would, 
   the complete puzzle is always more complicated than its parts . 
  i fully agree with this . 
  but i found your implications that if muslim drink , it 's '' better '' , thus at first glance '' rejecting '' religion is somewhat better . 
  i found it a bit simplistic . 
  reminds me of an imam i interviewed in the uk , who was writing a lot about islam , from hamas to blasphemy laws and apostasy ... etc. 
  guy got a lot of hate massages , he showed me many . 
  he was very amused , and sad , that most of them came from young muslims all over the world attacking . 
  he was amused that 18-20 year olds thought they knew more of the '' true islam '' then a men that studied it for 40 years . 
  and sad because he felt sad that '' the religion is dying and turning into an identity '' . 
  a identity group that of course must be protected and all others are enemies . 
  lets use the example of the lynching of marshal khan in pakistan , where a student got lynched on false accusations of blasphemy , later they found out the teacher was spreading rumours , because khan criticized him . 
  where were protests ? 
  none to few in civilized , educated , less religious big cities . 
  but there where protests in the rural and mostly uneducated areas , or '' burkaland '' how many pakistani mock them . 
  why ? 
  well i think because here faith and identity were still separated . 
  the possible blasphemy did n't insult them personally , because the faith was n't all their identity , but the murder of an innocent did . 
  i think many times we overlook the big part of '' identity and belonging '' play in radicalization . 
  i do n't fully disagree with you , in general terms you are right . 
  but i still find rather simplistic the notion that the less religious one is , the more innocent/less dangerous he is . 
  especially given that we had plenty of evidence to the contrary lately . 
  not to excuse extremists though , while '' identity '' and belonging to a tight group may be a first stepping-stone . 
  islamists like the muslim brotherhood . . etc play a big part then in actual radicalization . 
   but i was talking about the broader implications regarding islamic dogma . 
  sure but even this is a bit silly in my opinion . 
  most muslims , even hardcore believers smoke , they smoke a lot . 
  even if it 's forbidden in islam . 
  this a silly view in my opinion . 
  trying to think someone is more innocent because his less religious . 
  there is videos with the french attackers , drinking , doing drugs , surrounded by women in night clubs , at first glance '' perfect '' models of integration and rejection of islam . 
  that did n't stop them from killing 100 people . 
  this is a very superficial way of looking at things honestly . 
  i lived in london , for a while and knew plenty of them as well . 
  of course , i as a pretty fervent non-drinker did n't really see this as anything really positive ... 
  lmao at people saying '' turks do n't drink '' . 
  even many akp voters drink plenty , usually harder stuff , raki , or tuica/palinca how we call it here in romania . 
  also even theologically in hanafi islam , alcohol is permitted . 
  to be honest grindeanu , the pm , is just a puppet , or at least was until now . . dragnea , leader of the ruling party , rules the country , and it 's him that we insulted more ... also the protests ware n't about removing the gov , few wanted that , it was just to stop a amnesty law and some changes to the penal code that would 've saved dragnea . 
  what can he say ? 
  he ca n't name another pm until he resigns and grindeanu wo n't resign until another psd pm is named . 
  grindeanu wants to buy time with this move . 
  honestly , hopefully iohannis gives it to him . 
  damn that 's bad, 
  this looks more decent , yeah . 
  still the entire thing with valcov is just fishy as hell . 
  grindeanu roasted everyone last night lmao . 
  seriously though some things he said about russia though are fucking scary . 
  fair enough . 
  as someone who does n't drink , i see nothing wrong with this ... 
  i ca n't disagree with this . 
  it 's an art we developed over more then 50 years of mentally retards ruling us . 
  dragnea the leader of psd and '' de facto '' ruler of the country could n't be pm because of being found guilty of voter fraud . 
  so he puts a puppet pm . 
  he became a bit to independent after he got all the shit even though he just executed orders from the party hq . 
  dragnea decided to end it . 
  he 'll try to replace him with even more of a servant . 
  psd fucking itself over can only be good . 
  they wo n't really lose in the end , they got a safe majority and there will be little defections , party loyalty is the founding principle of psd . 
  still seeing them looking foolish is nice . 
  i have no false hopes . 
  pnl is utter crap . 
  but they would hardly do all the shit psd did . 
  better a gov , that pretends to care , than one that has abandoned even pretending and is actively opposing the justice system ... etc, 
  a weak pnl , who at least pay lips service to justice and anti-corruption will be 10 times better than psd . 
  they 'll both steal , but i doubt pnl would try to do the things dragnea and co. tried in the first 6 months . 
  unlikely they 'll change their vote , but all this infighting might lower their morale and make them stay home . 
  i doubt pnl will ally again with psd , it will kill them for good i say . 
  usr is a joke right now , the best they can do is back a pnl government . 
  what pnl needs is a '' strong '' leader , not afraid to stoop at psds level , with all the infighting and shit throwing , he could take away from their voters , like basescu did . 
  usr needs to do more or they 'll die next elections . 
  anyway i say no elections until after the presidential one . 
  a iohannis victory , almost certain in my opinion , will embolden the opposition . 
  would have happened last time to , but the technocratic gov. 
  saved dragnea and co. 
  well let 's look at the bright side !,
