  i knew of this earlier then he wrote his article , a turkish friend of mine told me , she 's a journalist . 
  well respected researchers and historians take part in this project . 
  it is planned refurbishment for all epitaphs on gallipoli peninsula . 
  not only this one, 
  it 's restoration ... 
  they 're restored ... kenan celik a very well know historian and researcher of the galipoli battle takes part in it . 
  they have n't changed for over 20 years . 
  '' the kurds '' as everyone calls them are extremely divided . 
  regardless of opinion , they 'll never get the turkish and iranian lands . 
  honestly i doubt barzani wants it anyway , his power would be reduced . 
  this is a glorified poll . 
  actual negotiations with baghdad will start only afterwards and they 'll take a long while . 
  barzani wants all the land he took from isis . 
  no way in hell baghdad will agree to that . 
  ironically this might unite the sunnis and shias a bit , as both will be against it . 
  implying barzani and erdogan will ever abandon power . 
   and about turkish kurdistan ? 
  half the kurds there vote akp . 
  they themselves wo n't allow for independence . 
  whenever this is brought up , people tend to forget 2 things . 
  that erdogan and barzani are good friends . 
  also that around half of kurds in turkey vote akp, 
  i 'm bad with numbers . . 
  the one where constantinescu beat iliescu . 
  anyway the elections before that while more '' free '' than in communist times , where clearly very one sides in iliescus favour , who controlled the communist apparatus and the entire media was controlled by him . 
  it would , but it would be pointless chaos . 
  chp alone is n't a threat to erdogan . 
  not with hdp basically dead and half of mhp bribed into submission . 
  letting chp exist and do it 's thing is the safest option . 
  especially with kilicdaroglu as it 's leader who 's always been big on his '' peaceful resistance '' . 
  he 'll order marches sure , but he wo n't order violence . 
  if you want to go down the monarchy route , his son-in-law stands most likely to try and take over . 
  amir taheri , an iranian-exile once interviewed him , he said in a dinner afterwards khol answered this , to his question on why did he pushed so much for integration of the eastern european countries : '' because i thought they were no different then us , that they had the same dreams and hopes . 
  peace , security and liberty . '' . 
  many rumours say that he was also instrumental in forcing iliescu to hold free elections here in 1997 for the first time . 
  may he rest in peace . 
  rip . 
  many turkish friends and i traveled trough the country a bit , couple of years ago . 
  why ? 
  well i really do n't know why i decided to study the politics of the region ... 
  i guess it always fascinated me . 
  i find the politics here , very '' high-stakes '' to say so . 
  in the west they debate taxes and other such crap , here i feel politics are more '' important '' more '' meaningful '' perhaps is the best word . 
   read my post . 
  i already addressed this fallacy in no uncertain terms . 
  i already addressed this  this is the common modern city liberal mistake i do n't live in a big '' liberal city '' . 
  this has also nothing to do with liberalism . 
  stop trying to fit western political situations into this , especially the american one . 
  only ecevit could truly do that . 
  and if he tries to ban , attack chp somehow there will be massive riots . 
  he attacked hdp because he knew he could get away with it . 
  even with mhp , he chose to bribe bahceli rather than doing anything else . 
  check any poll and you 'll see how the young people think . 
  i 'm not saying erdo has no young supporters he has , and his new nationalists rhetoric could get him more . 
  but it 's much more balanced and i think you underestimate how strong the feeling of rebelling against authority is among many young people . 
  especially when erdogan to them is n't the anti-establishment , anti-corruption and anti-military rule , candidate he was to their parents , to them he 'll be the only ruler they ever knew , the establishment yes people get more conservative as they get older . 
  that does n't mean they 'll suddenly go from chp to akp . 
  you are confusing this with a free liberal democracy , where one can move from the democrats to the republicans , because they changed their opinion on taxes ... etc going from chp to akp is to big a change , people here are n't thinking of taxes or big/small gov. 
  but much more fundamental things . 
  even we here in romania we have something like this . 
  most old people like/vote psd . 
  but i never met a old person who took to the streets in the 90 's against psd and iliescu and got beaten by the miners , changing their votes because they got older . 
  he did a lot of harm true . 
  but what do you propose ? 
  that everyone gives up and does nothing anymore ? 
  this is n't an option , there will be a lot of things to fix , it will be hard , very hard . 
  but trying the best they can is the only way ahead . 
  telling yourself there 's nothing that can be done and that there 's nothing you can do is a self fulfilling prophecy . 
  ceausescu fucked us utterly . 
  does this mean we should n't have hoped for better , we should n't have removed him , that we should not try to achieve for better, 
  still , a '' neutral candidate '' is needed for the presidential elections . 
  chp ca n't really unite all of mhp and they 'll do poor with kurds . 
  mhp could get chp voters to bite their tongue and vote them , but lol at getting kurds voting for mhp . 
  i really do n't know who could do this ... as a turkish friend told me once '' god blessed erdogan with the most divided and incompetent opposition '', 
  very well said . 
  sadly many love the doom and gloom world view . 
  ironically also many of these good mps where gulenists ... 
  speaking of dissent . 
  what you say about gul ? 
  have a turkish friend saying he plans to desert or something . 
  still have n't seen any sign though ... 
  poor kilicdaroglu gets to much hate . 
  i say this firmly , no one would have led the party better . 
  he 's commitment to peace and denouncing the coup was , and still is the right way to go . 
  i think he 's among the few kemalists that truly understand the long term harm that the military coups and dictatorships did to turkey . 
  his reforms and campaigning are also to be praised , trying to get more religious turks voters and kurdish ones to . 
  of course right now they have little benefit but i believe they 'll have in the long term . 
  long-term is also what i think he focuses on , i think he knows on the short-term he ca n't win , not right now , not with the huge polarization and the personality cult . 
  erdogan 's not winning the generational battle . 
  many turks will turn 18 this year and next , many that lived all their lives under erdogan . 
  even as a superficial rebel attitude , they 'll turn against erdo , just to fight authority , for many the only one they ever knew . 
  so naturally they 'll turn to the anti-erdogan ideology . 
  i think chp is playing honestly the only card they can do , the long-term one . 
  yeah you 're right , they 'll go with that theme . 
  and they 'll buy it , many mhp voters to will . 
  this is why i say the timing and reasoning is weak . 
  you think they 'll play it like that on pro-akp tv stations where 99 % of akp voters get their news from ? 
  this is retarded . 
  gokcek will turn him into a cyborg , he has the technology . 
   turkey is lost .
