  thanks for the source !, 
  i did say , most of the criticism , i saw on the news , came even before the refugee situation . 
  that is exactly why i asked a hungarian person to give a more '' knowledge-able '' opinion . 
  concerning jobbik , this is interesting news , do you have source ? 
  i just did n't hear anything about them being pro-eu now . 
  though this seems to follow a trend , most anti-eu parties slowly '' moderate '' their messages to become viable to a larger electorate , same happened with podemos , ( from what i heard from some spanish people here ) for example . 
  exactly . 
  and to be honest , it is even the process to join the eu that helps a lot . 
  our anti-corruption agency was founded by tariceanu who is now it 's biggest enemy . 
  some key reforms , they where timid first steps true , but they are the founding blocks of most of our current reforms , where taken by some of our most corrupt politicians , because they wanted to win elections and decided to court the pro-eu people . 
  i saw this quote on reddit , to my shame i ca n't remember where or who wrote it , it was something like this : '' on the short term it is difficult to find new and '' clean '' politicians , the best we can do is making it electoral profitable for '' bad '' politicians to do the right thing '' it is already slowly happening in romania with pnl , who is , slowly , trying to change itself , and a new '' liberal '' mostly urban usr ( union to save romania , they should take about 5-6 % this election ) it is a long process true , but it is a start at least . 
  i really want to see how you can rape a house ... 
  now i 'm curious ... what do you do ... ? 
  sorry poland , but we are the new poster kid !, 
  i know do n't worry . 
  you have to understand though , that this goes a bit deeper then simply the eu , saying '' the west '' would actually be better . 
  we like to appear '' western '' , '' civilized '' ... etc. 
  we want to be like germany , france ... etc i actually spoke with a former teacher of mine , who is a historian , and he said this is quite a old sentiment in romania . 
  a kind of coping mechanism we used , after being ruled by either russians and turks for a lot of time . 
  allthough we are very similar with them , same religion as russia and we took quite a lot culturally from the turks , the food is the best example . 
  we tried to reconnect with our '' latin roots '' after we became independent . 
  even during the communist era , we where never that close with russia and quite friendly with the '' evil western capitalists '' . 
  we where still overwhelmingly pro-eu even in 2009-2012 during the economic crisis when our economy was pretty shit . . 
  they are , quite a lot actually . 
  our last pm ponta , recently declared : '' the epuration of the elites we saw in the past 2 years reminds me of what happened in the 50 's '' he is just angry a court took away his right to be a lawyer because he bought his license . 
  corruption in romania was at unimaginable levels , you have to live it to understand it . 
  we are improving but there is a long way to go , and having the biggest party in romania against this process does n't help either . . 
  uh ... no . 
  the romans did it , not the romanians, 
  in my opinion it is a funny but good example , as to how most romanians want to be/appear '' western '', 
  this is exactly what my aunt does . 
  she complains and says how better it was then . 
  then she goes home and and goes on facebook , on her high-speed internet to look for guys ... 
  oh common , you ca n't paint us like that . 
  it 's more then economic issues . 
  seriously it 's simply on all level of state that we appreciate the eu . 
  i remember a funny story about a road being built very slow and everyone , the media threw a fit . 
  when they found out it was because they needed to build some special passages or something like that because in that area there where some frogs who where protected by eu law . 
  everyone stopped then and changed their tune to : '' ah well yes , well it 's needed then , that 's how they do it in the '' west '' . '', 
  that high ? 
  i am honestly suprised . 
  all we hear here in romania of hungary is orban saying how bad the eu is ... etc. 
  not really on the refugee situation but on the eu in general and such . 
  i would love a opinion from someone who actually lives there !, 
  i do not know if this is sarcasm or not . 
  but i would say we actually do . 
  at least a lot more then any other eastern european country . 
  we are shit at absorbing eu funds . 
  it is social problems such as corruption and the eu insisting we keep the fight that we appreciate the most . 
  not to say the economic factors do n't matter , they do but in my experience the other things the eu does for us is what we appreciate the most . 
  not to mention a large part of romania wants to be seen as '' western '' not only economical but also culturally . 
  and us obeying the eu helps in that regard . 
  good lord , the germans might start a revolution in china . 
  udmr will govern anyway you ca n't make a majority without them . 
  and yeah i think the technocrats are better then psd . 
  great comment !, 
  i 'm still praying pnl will do somewhat decent , and udmr will join them . 
  still will be a pretty bad government but better then psd and liviu '' i a was found guilty of electoral fraud '' dragnea . 
  but my biggest hope and dream is that ciolos will join pnl after the election and just like gandalf the white he will arrive in our time of darkness to rescue us from the hordes of mordor . 
  glad to see many people leave politics out of this , and are simply happy for the athlete . 
  you can not even imagine the amount of work that goes into winning a medal , even more so a gold one . 
  my mother is a sport journalist , she motivated me to become a journalist , but i am more focused on politics and such . 
  she spend quite a lot of time in the gym with the athletes and the work and effort they put into their training is simply outstanding . 
  so i am beyond happy these athletes can compete and their hard work can be finally rewarded !, 
  i wish her , and all other athletes , good luck in the competition and hope they will be injury free and go home back happy , healthy and hopefully with a medal !, 
  and the mayor of the sector . 
  he was bribed by the owners of the club to let them open it without the necesserary papers , among them a inspection by fire fighters . 
  there where massive protests in the capital , against corruption and the politicians . 
  but the pm was already '' dead '' he lost the party leadership to a former friend who turned on him , after he lost the presidential elections , and even blocked some legislation in the parlament just to annoy him . 
  he did n't give 1 shit about those people , as some comments afterwards clearly prove , he just took the opportunity and resigned . 
  we have a tehnocrat government since then . 
  there are 2 payer rooms one for women and another for men this is true , but neither is '' main '' prayer room . 
  but no one forces you to pray , i visited numerous mosques and no one told me to pray , this is simply false . 
  i visited mosques in iraq , egypt , jordan , turkey and even libya and no one forced me to pray . 
  i was simply informed to put my cellphone on silence and my friends told me just to respectful and silent during the prayer . 
  this is extremely weird . 
  i visited quite a lot of mosques in egypt and iraq and i was very well recieved , especially in egypt . 
  i was just told , by a friend simply to not make noise and put my cellphone on silent during the prayer and then i interviewed the iman , who was very friendly . 
  in iraq i admit it was bit colder at first , but slowly they got really warm . 
  i admit i have not been in marroco so it might be different there . 
  taqiyya is/was a shia practice when they where being persecuted by the sunnis and even then , it clearly says one can deny his faith if he is under torture or his life is in danger . 
  but is and was not used often , because denying once faith is a grave sin . 
  so it was used strictly in the more extrem situations , and even then some choose to even die rather then deny their faith . 
  it 's not used to infiltrate society or other such conspiracy theories ... 
  this is getting downvoted ... 
  so sad . 
  i do n't know turkish . . agree it is funny though . 
  ataturk posters on a akp building ... now i have seen everything ... 
  '' bataia ii rupta din rai '' a better translation would be '' beatings are '' ripped/cut '' from heaven '' '' gift '' is n't that correct , in my opinion . 
  he 's become a meme , do n't even bother with him . 
  his party got like 5 % last elections . 
  vadim tudor , aka '' deport all hungarians , no eu , no nato , invade moldova now '' died and since then basescu has become quite nationalistic , my bet is he tries to get vadim 's stunning 4 % of votes ... 
  gulen helped erdogan create akp and his help was a huge part of his success . 
  now that he broke with gulen , it is clear that erdogan needs a ally . 
  he may disagree and even hate the kemalists . 
  but it is clear he wants , or more likely needs their help to fight gulen . 
  all his actions in the past weeks point to this . 
  sure go ahead !, 
  i have most of my information from turkish friends , so of course i will let turkish people use it !, 
  thanks for the info !,
