  the region has a simply amazingly complex modern history . 
  studying it is well worth it , in my opinion . 
   people are getting brainwashed without knowing it 's wehhabism they 're getting fed with . 
  this is the problem . 
  they always went over themselves , to say wahhabism is '' true '' sunni islam , it is n't for anyone that does a brief history check it 's obvious , but the poor and uneducated fall for it . 
  remembering and teaching that wahhabism is a sect born in the 18th century , and that it is far from true sunni islam should be paramount . 
   it is not seen as worse as gays . 
  this reminds me of memri memes lol, 
  and hezbollah and hamas and sectarian militias in iraq and syria and ... 
  i said it in another comment no matter how the people of iran are , khamenei and the irg are funding terrorism . 
  it is n't affecting europe , yet , because they have fewer funds then the saudis . 
  a caliph , does n't inherit the tittle from his father . 
  he is chosen by '' the people '' . 
  or in 8th century arabia , the tribal leaders representing the people . 
  that 's how abu bakr became caliph , he secured more support , faster then ali did . 
  afterwards , umar was chosen by abu bakr , but still there is no familly relation among them . 
  and again the tribal leaders backed umar , a good warrior , and a very good statesman , he completely revolutionized the caliphate . 
  uthman , was chosen by vote . 
  5 people , early followers of mohammed , or sunnah , among them uthman himself and ali . 
  while ali was literally chosen by the people . 
  after uthman died , and chaos and riots engulfed mecca . 
  the people came and begged ali to take over . 
  these 4 for sunnis are the rashidun , or '' rightly guided ones '' . 
  afterwards when muawiyah gave the title directly to his son , yazd , after promising not to , the caliphate became a monarchy . 
  these are no longer considered '' rashidun '' , thus while they can be respected , they are not to blindly emulated . 
  shias do believe in a form of monarchy , but believe only the descendants of the prophet , trough ali and his daughter fatima have the right to rule . 
   the royal house is way more moderate than the population it 's debatable , the royal house is n't a monolith , there are factions upon factions . 
   pushing the population to become more educated something like this is already happening . 
  the schools in ksa are controlled by the clergy , and that is growing unpopular among the leadership , but taking it away from them would cause a scandal . 
  former king abdullah , liked to find solutions , to avoid confrontation and basically decided to give the people free education outside the country . 
  paying the expenses of students and sending them to universities in europe and america . 
  even the current deputy crown prince , and his wife , studied outside the country . 
   there 's gon na be an enormous amount of turmoil while people find themselves without money and struggling to adapt this will be critical , regardless of how conservative the people are , very or less , for over 40 years they have been given free benefits and basically a free life . 
  trying to make them productive and get them to work , and lowering their lifestyle standards will cause a backlash . 
   a genuine islamic , religious revolution was the one that removed the shah in iran i would argue this . 
  the revolution in 79 , started with little islamic reasons , and the socialists and the communists also took part in it . 
  all historians agree that the revolution had 2 parts , the initial anti-monarchy revolution in 79 . then from 1980 to 1989 the '' islamic '' revolution , done mostly under the shadow of the iraqi war . 
  there is great complexity here as well . 
  the socialists and right-wing republicans abandoning the communists , khomeini accepting a president and a parliament , things he did n't wanted in the beginning . 
  and then the true '' islamization '' and purges being done after saddam invaded . 
  very unrealistc policy i agree . 
  ksa is a founding block of middle eastern stability , if it collapses the scenarios are truly madness ... 
  i just hope the monarchy finally decides to put the clergy it it 's place . 
  there is some , hope . 
  after salman dies , at long last another generation will take over for the first time since the 1920 's . 
  the deputy crown prince mohammed looks decent . 
  he 'll take over soon enough . 
  but he is young , only in his 30 's , and quite rash , the invasion of yemen shows this . 
  the problem is also iran , all the love to the people , very decent folks , and hell even rouhani . 
  but khamenei is pocking and causing problems everywhere , on purpose . 
  sadly i have little hope with them . 
  after khamenei dies , the irg will take over even more . 
  and they are much more agressive . 
  soleimanis strategy of '' militia apocalypse '' as a friend told me once , is very problematic . 
   sadly most people on reddit who comment on saudis are terribly ignorant . 
  this goes for all the middle east honestly . 
  do n't forget strong sufi influences . 
   saudis spead wahhabism would love to expend on this point , i met and talked with a saudi friend once in london , great man i might add , studying medicine , and he told me something interesting . 
  '' the monarchy is absolutely terrified of it ( wahhabism , the clergy ... etc ) '' he gave a history lesson on how the first saudi civil war begun . 
  when the monarchy drew the borders with the british , especially . 
  the monarchy agreed to respect them . 
  but the extremists , army officers mostly , hated this . 
  they did n't recognized the borders , and were angry that they could n't expend into jordan , iraq , the uae ... etc so they turned on the monarchy , calling it heretical . 
  the rebels though , fanatics hated '' western '' inventions like guns and used horses and swords . 
  the saudis and the loyalists had little problems using british made machine guns . 
  they won . 
  but then in 79 , things changed again with the khomeinist revolution in iran . 
  in an attempt , fanatics , army officers mostly yet again . 
  occupied the holy mosque in mecca and tried to incite to rebellion like khomeini did . 
  yet again , these people used the same pretext , calling the monarchy heretical . 
  king faisal was even killed later by a relative sympathetic to those people . 
  the monarchy , asked for a fatwa from the clergy , they needed to assault the holy mosque after all . 
  what terrified them was that the clergy , while they did obey , they did n't condemn the rebels . 
  that terrified them . 
  a hereditary monarchy is un-islamic , all sunni scholars agree . 
  the wahhabist clergy , agreed with the khomeinist system of rule . 
  whatever that one is islamic is debatable , regardless it was/is very anti-monarchy . 
  this is resembles to what the ummayids did when they took over the caliphate and turned it into a hereditary monarchy . 
  there were fanatics back then to . 
  kawarji , they were called , or '' deviants '' they even assassinated the 4th caliph/1st iman , ali , for negotiating with muawiyah . 
  in the chaos of yazd 's rule they only grew . 
  so he had the briliant idea to sent them to the border regions . 
  central asia , anatolia , north africa and from here andalusia . 
  they sent them on a '' holy '' conquest to '' spread islam '' . 
  the truth however is that they wanted them as far away from damascus , the ummaiyd capital as possible . 
  the saudi monarchy acts very much the same today . 
  they must wage '' wars/battles '' in the border regions , or they 'll have to fight in riyadh . 
   i would like romania to fund that mosque , my position here has always been , no state money to build churches , i share the same opinion on mosques . 
   just a smaller one . 
  just look at mosques in lebanon , new and old ones , of mosques in iraq , pakistan ... etc they are beautiful , not huge and sticking out like a sore thumb . 
  the designs they have is simply kitsch , no different then the huge golden dome they want to put on the orthodox church . 
  you may be right though about a need for one in bucharest , it 's not like the tatars did n't move around the country like the rest of us , and there is a muslim community in the capital . 
  still i would love if they hired a genuine architect who would design a decent looking one . 
   and i do n't think there is anything to complain about them . 
  i actually visited 1 in constanta , years ago . 
  there were news if you remember , the iman complained that the mosque was in a very bad state , rain entering the building ... etc. 
  went with a friend to do a short interview . 
  the man was extremely nice . 
  i also spoke with some tatars there that told us the sermons are very good , that the iman is a good man ... etc sure the sermons are quite conservative i wo n't lie , for western standards at least , but nothing you wo n't hear in an orthodox church here . 
  that 's why i myself am not against building the turkish funded mosque , i do have criticism , same as i have with the huge church , it 's far to big and building it in bucharest is relatively stupid , it should be somewhere in constanta .
