  should the usa also abandon it 's christian founding principles ? 
  should they ban gay marriage , i believe there is a party who has that in it 's official platform . 
  and there are numerous candidates who speak of religion and god quite a lot , they even use this to justify some of their beliefs and laws they support . 
  one does not need to abandon his religion , to abandon islamism , tunisia did it , of course that party will remain a traditionalist and conservative party , but what matters is they pledged to respect the democratic process . 
  i want to thank you all for your comments . 
  i knew little of the estado novo period , mostly based on comments here on reddit and some basic history i knew . 
  it is much more complex then that , it is never this black/white , never . 
  this is like saying every gop voter , votes republican because they want to ban gay marriage . 
  it is n't true . 
  of course some vote for him solely on religious reasons , i would guess around 15-20 % these numbers coincide with those who want sharia law , so i say they could be pretty accurate . 
  this numbers are below the 25 % which indentify as hardcore kamelists . 
  erdogan got into power the first time on a anti-corruption platform . 
  on a friendly atittude towards kurds . 
  on a platform of fixing the economy , then he simply swallowed all the right-wing parties . 
  erdogan in parlamentary elections has never won more then 50 % . 
  it is a but disenginous to say all those who vote for erdogan are hardcore fundamentalist . 
  i did not tie communism with islam , on the contrary i 'm warning against this . 
  of all the people i interviewed all wanted , what most of use want : bread on the table , work places , corrupt politicians being arrested for their crimes , a good education for their children ... etc. 
  from all the interviews i took , i left the middle east with a strong sense of nostalgia , they wanted the same thing we in romania wanted back in the early 90 's, 
  note to everyone , i am not talking about fundamental islam , or radicalization ... etc. 
  but about islamism as a political movement and why i think it shares quit a lot of features with communism . 
  for one , the message is very similar , especially with early lenin inspired communism , rather then later stalinism , in essence the message is simple , '' bread for the people '' , '' justice for the people '' , '' work for the people '' , '' punish corruption '' , this last one is a huge message most islamist parties use . 
  no islamist party got in power , democratically by yelling '' jihad now !, 
  retake jerusalim ! '' ... etc. 
  even khomeini , in iran in 1979 did n't yell in the streets '' jihad '' '' no dancing in the streets ... etc. 
  he was yelling '' justice '' '' no more imperialist puppet who sells our country to foreignors '' ... etc. 
  and they believed him , or took a gamble perhaps . 
  let us take morsi for example , during campaign he was quite moderate . 
  was he a bit more conservative and religious ? 
  of course he was , you ca n't and should not expect hippie '' leftie '' kind of policies here . 
  it 's his party that was more '' crazy '' and all the '' islamic '' laws were meant to tacitly pass in parlament , no huge news , no backlash . 
  why were they so hellbent to pass these ? 
  they were being funded by qatar and saudi arabia and they had to do this or the money would stop flowing . 
  morsi was elected with 51 % and not because egypt is full of religious fundamentalists , this black/white thinking does little good . 
  his opponent , was someone seen as part of the '' establishment '' , to use a word we are familiar here in the west . 
  so he got into power thanks to his anti-establishment retoric just as much as thanks to his religious message , if not more . 
  there were , many , many protestors , who disagreed with what morsi 's party wanted to introduce and yet they voted for morsi . 
  most i interviewed had a simple answer , '' we took a chance '' tunisia is a good example as to what would happens when saudi and qatar do n't intervene . 
  the '' islamist '' gained the most seets in parlament , mostly because of similar reasons like those in egypt . 
  then the same way protests followed after outrage at how they wrote the new constitution , the difference is that they were not on a payroll , so afraid of loosing power forever , they resigned and gave power to the civil institucions to write a secular constitutions . 
  now they even dropped the official '' islamist '' part of their platform , they are still a conservative party though , not suprising . 
  this is extremely similar with communist parties western europe . 
  italy is the best example . 
  the communist party there , in the 50 's and 60 's was calling for '' proletarian revolution !!, 
  screw elections '' , then they decided to distance themsalves from the ussr and re-branded themselves as '' socialists '' and promised to respect the democratic process . 
  now a big difference is religion . 
  the communists were against it , the islamists are for it . 
  here i think it is because of different situation and circumstances . 
  why did the communist disliked religion ? 
  they saw it as a tool of oppression used by the imperialists/monarchy , after all the monarchy had it 's power directly from god , and who is god 's representative on earth ? 
  the church . 
  in the middle east it 's the other way around , it is us and ussr backed dictators who used '' secularism '' as a pretext of hunting and killing all opposition . 
  this is why secularism is stained there , not because of religious reasons but rather for the same reasons you do n't have communist parties in eastern ( excluding russia ) europe anymore . 
  look in iraq and it 's anti-goverment protests , few if any call for sharia law , most call for corrupt officials to step down , for more independent judiciary so they can arrest the corrupt politicians ... etc. 
  and this is what islamist parties latch unto , not the peoples religious feelings , they use those as well but not to the degree we think , but rather to their anger at corrupt politicians unable to offer them a decent life . 
  wew , that was more then i ever wrote on reddit ... 
  i 'm at work so i have to stop , but latter i can write a bit on how i think we can fight this back , if you want it too . 
  edit : i strongly advise reading the articles of amir taheri , he is a exiled iranian jurnalist , be warned he is very , veery anti-obama and his pro-republican bias is extremely obvious , i usually do n't read his obama/iran nuclear deal articles , and disagree on some things with him ... but goodness grace his articles about the middle east and it 's democracies and politics are just great . 
  they inspired me to become a jurnalist in 2012 right after the arab spring . 
  speaking of his articles on the arab spring are just amazing , humour , policy , history , insights , he interviewed assads father , pakistani presidents ... etc. 
  strongly recommand you to look at his work . 
  you clearly did not understood what i meant ... 
  i think we simply disagree on terminology here . 
  i agree erdogan is religious and will try to push for a '' conservative '' way of life . 
  but when i read '' religious authoritarian regime '' i think of theocracy and what happens in iran . 
  i do not believe erdogan will institute sharia law for example , neither do i think he will make the hijab mandatory or stop people from dancing in the streets ... etc this is what i think of when i hear those words . 
  i do agree with you that erdogan is authoritarian and is moving the country in a more authoritarian direction . 
  turkey is n't a religious regime , iran is that . 
  turkey is a classic cold war dictatorship . 
  extremely similar with putin 's russia . 
  on a deeper level i would say it is a bit less authoritarian then russia . 
  erdogan 's party gathers around 40-45 % of votes and has recently even '' lost '' a election , putin 's party did n't . 
  and the opposition is dead in russia , while it is still alive in turkey , that 's why erdogan had to use '' tricks '' by callying for re-elections after the pkk conflict begun again . 
  and in the presidential elections erdogan won with 51 % against 2 candidates who split the vote . 
  putin won with 64 % . 
  this , sadly this hurts the situation greatly . 
  it complicates a situation , more then it already is . 
  and deprives us of means to fight it . 
  the internet sometimes depresses me , and i hope every day , that those in power are well informed of these things . 
  this , saudi and qatari money went to egypt and it 's islamist parties , and they started preaching a more hardcore version of it , to keep the money flowing . 
  tunisia was left alone , mostly , and seeing popular revolt the islamist party listened to it 's people instead of it 's saudi overlords . 
  or portugal which was a outright catholic fascist regime . 
  he compared communism with islamism , a political ideology , which is turkey and egypt under morsi , for example . 
  he did not compare communism with isis . 
  there is a difference between islam and islamism , which we see in turkey and some other arab nations . 
  tunisia gave up on islamism , the main '' islamic '' party announced it will drop the islamist part of they platform will they continue to be a conservative party , which promotes a conservative way of life ? 
  of course . 
  but they have promised and pledged to respect the democratic process . 
  it is extremely similar with how communist parties in western europe , italy is the best example , dropped their '' proletarian revolution now !! '', 
  and turned into socialist parties who promise to respect the democratic process . 
  to treat islam , a religion , the same way as modern islamism is a dengerous thing to do . 
  and in my opinion , as someone who spoke with many people in iraq and egypt and even some in libya it is a mistake that will only make things worse . 
  you have to live it to understand it . 
  there is very little difference between communism and islamism , which is political islam , there is a difference . 
  islamism is n't a religion , it is a political movement , which shares a great number of features with communism . 
  and we should treat it as such , otherwise we burden ourselfs uneccessary and can make things even worse . 
  i am a journalist , who travel and spoke with many people from the middle east , mostly iraq and egypt , but i have contacts and traveled in libya too . 
  if people want i could write more on this . 
  ah the mediatization of our politics ... 
  politics now is a football game , were the '' victors '' take everything and the '' looser '' can go to hell . .
