  thus akp has went full nationalistic . 
  all in all it 's a sad display , all though a bit amusing to me , seeing akp trying so hard . 
  i would n't worry , no one 's going to start a war . 
  both countries are nato members , usa allies and besides turkeys already stuck in syria , they are n't going to get in a war against nato and the eu ... 
  anyone who thinks a war will start , in my opinion , is delusional . 
  no need to look so far . 
  i can just look at our own government . 
  psd has the same plans here . 
  weaken judiciary , control most of the media ( they have 2 propaganda mouthpieces that make fox news look good , they also ca n't be touched no matter what they say as psd controls the cna , the institution regulating news channels . 
  they also started attacking the national channel , tvr they say '' why does tvr attack us so much , we gave them the biggest budget they ever had '' ) not to mention psds leader , dragnea , was found guilty of electoral fraud . 
  but as he and his friends say '' in our souls he is innocent '' ... 
  so i also fear that we may go back to electoral fraud . 
  so wait ... 
  does this prove that we are more latin ? 
  you may get downvoted by some kemalists but it is the truth . 
  the military coups , romanticized by many here , led directly to erdogans rise , especially the 1980 one . 
  military regimes suck , regardless if they are '' secular '' or not . 
  combine this with the failures of the established parties to handle the economy and you get erdogan . 
  always find these statistics fun to read . 
  who are these people voting le pen in the 1st round but macron in the second ? 
  protest votes would be my guess . 
  let me propose a radical idea . 
  he belongs to both countries . 
  are they still fighting themselves ? 
  which '' side '' looks stronger at the moment ? 
  really good video !, 
  thanks for posting it !, 
  heh '' \u015eic '' means exactly the same in romanian . 
  i 'm always amazed at just how many turkish words we got, 
  god damn !, 
  poland 's blobing out of control ... again . 
  an unexpected decisive move , lukaschenko seems to have chosen a side . 
  i honestly expected belarus to distance itself from russia and look for more allies / '' friends '' , but i did n't expect such a decisive move . 
  looks like the balancing is over . 
  anyway , since the entire ukraine debacle , there were clear signs of worsening relationships with russia . 
  it will be very interesting to see what the next move will be . 
  a closer relation with the eu might mean starting a transition towards democracy . 
  anyway , interesting development . 
  losing such an ally , all though i do expect them to say '' we will always be friendly towards russia ... etc '' , will be a big hit for russia/putin . 
  from what i understand , last election , there was voter fraud in some districts of ankara . 
  if i remember right , akp got 100 % of votes in a district ... a district were the chp candidate voted ... 
  it 's '' respect the robot '' guy , right ? 
  it 's more politics honestly , they would gladly bomb sunnis too if they would n't accept being a puppet state . 
  this was one of the best !, 
  what would happen if you used smaller ones ? 
  that 's a big word, 
  people are tired of merkel , after 12 years it 's completely normal . 
  but they also hated gabriel , but now with him gone they lean towards spd , wanting a change . 
  looks like schulz gave the party a much needed boost and a fresh feeling . 
  good one !, 
  a pretty decent number of akp voters saying '' no '' . 
  i do expect the numbers to go down though , once the propaganda machine starts . 
  he still believed there were people loving him , right until the moment the bullet entered his brains, 
  not to psds leader , who said those 1500 will be a '' snowball '', 
  dragnea , the leader of psd just said all of these people are paid instigators trying to topple the legitimate government . 
  also said the president and the secret services plan '' a coup against the legitimate government '' he said the protest of 1500 today against the president , organized by psd , will be a '' snowball '' . 
  yeah and 500k are nothing to him . 
  the guy is really starting to give me dictatorial vibes . 
  what was the cause ? 
  not even him . 
  dragnea , the leader of psd , rules the country trough his proxy . 
  we won a battle . 
  but i have zero trust that they wo n't try again later on . 
  no idea . 
  but the other parties will gain , no doubt . 
  turnout was 39 % last year , if it gets higher , they can lose easy enough . 
  our president has little power . 
  but the government is shacking really hard . 
  they still go with the '' soros paid the people '' talking point , this only angers people more . 
  1-2 more scandals and i would n't be suprised if we get early elections . 
  no the governing coalition has a big majority . 
  only way is that , psd mps defect . 
  highly unlikely , party discipline is the founding block of the party . 
  the party is a dictatorship . 
  last summer they had party '' elections '' for leadership ... with 1 candidate ... 
  i 'm glad to see so many old people in the streets . 
  i still hold hope that many will wake up . 
  because if they give up , their done for , they 'll go to jail . 
  many in western europe really ca n't understand just how corrupt these people are . 
  they act more like an organized mafia . 
  simply amazing protest today . 
  at 11 in the morning , there was a '' children protest '' . 
  parents who could n't come during the night these past few days came today out . 
  mothers with babies , fathers ... etc there were kids everywhere . 
  they were playing around drawing , running around , playing with toys ... etc some people even made a food stand , with water , bananas , apples , with a huge sign above saying : '' energy for democracy '' . 
  no matter what happens , i could n't be prouder of my fellow countrymen . 
  simply outstanding . 
  no one organized these protests , no party . 
  people simply came out by their own will . 
  i would n't say '' civilized '' . 
  they were civilized , and they had a notion of '' democracy '' . 
  especially in sub-saharan africa , were tribal alliances/federations were more common then kings ... etc they were simply left the '' wrong '' tools . 
  they inherited the colonial government system , which was build on controling and '' harvesting '' the land . 
  this gave birth to military governments and dictators . 
  you can see it in the countries , even here there are differences . 
  the former french colonies , all took the french model of centralized power and a presidential system . 
  this led to dictatorships in most cases . 
  but the british colonies , who took the parliamentary system fared better in many cases , avoiding dictatorships . 
  the power was more decentrilized , federations were formed in many cases ... etc also we must not forget foreign interventions , even stable countries were rocked by the usa and ussr , who both wanted friendly dictatorships , rather then democracies . 
  the young vulnerable countries could n't survive these 2 giants .
