  pretty weird though . 
  have no idea were they came with '' pustiu '' . 
  that means desolate/emptied in romanian . 
  it might have been used , who knows , in the 19th century or before . 
  we had a lot more slav words back then . 
  but no one , beside the hungarians of course , uses anything else than '' desert '' . 
   and romania , having an identity crisis between their adopted slavic words and their romance heritage . 
  never heard anyone in my life say anything other than '' desert '' . 
   learning turkish just by watch soap operas . 
  my aunt watches them daily on kanald , she has already learned some phrases . 
   the politicians of course go along with it . 
  when they fail to implement any meaningful reforms and improve the country , they always go for the easiest option . 
  nationalism and finding foreign enemies . 
  it 's very much the same here in romania with psd . 
  thankfully though , psd has no respect for it 's voters and drops the nationalism right after they win , and go back to pretending they 're tolerant leftists . 
  could be pure coincidence . 
  but it 's very weird ... could 've shown the previous attack or it could 've been a threat of what will follow, 
  when i was little we used to go outside for bbq 's . 
  nowadays we just stay inside and enjoy the day off . 
  if any tory can screw it over , then it 's may . 
  still highly unlikely she will not win . 
  good job britain , you actually did it , you have elections more boring than germany ... 
  god damn typos . . 
  that 70 year old lady sure was a threat to the government . 
   if people in the west would stop pretending erdo\u011fan 's former enablers and allies as some kind of heroes of democracy not islamists this is the second time i post this . 
  first time was when you guys were shitposting that yildirim had some sort of master-plan to backstab erdo . 
  seeing how this post is a prequal meme i thought it would fit . 
  do n't you worry i have no love for gul or davutoglu , all though one has to admit they where smarter then yildirim at least . 
   it 's not a story the kurds would tell you . 
  i died, 
  stage : erdogan in his office , gul , davutoglu and yildirim enter erdogan ; '' you return sooner then i thought . 
  is chp dead ? '', 
  yildirim ; '' in the name of the turkish republic , you are under arrest '' e ; '' you threaten me ? '', 
  gul ; '' the senate will judge you '' e : '' i am the senate '' davutoglu : '' not for long , insh ` allah '' e : '' it is treason then !, 
   each case is different and needs to be evaluated individually . 
  i can not stress this enough . 
  each country has unique situations requiring unique solution . 
  romania is n't serbia . 
  montenegro is n't macedonia . 
  belarus is n't bulgaria . 
  albania is n't ukraine ... etc edit : '' we do n't have any right to risk other countries ' stability for the sake of helping democracy , if we 're not willing to actually make sure it will end well . '', 
  i have opinions on interventionism , that would get me downvoted into hell around here . 
  but i fully agree with the last part of the statement . 
  if you are not willing to see things trough , it 's better not to do anything , military speaking . 
  imagine how bosnia and kosovo had looked if we bombed them 2 or 3 times and just gave over after . 
  i still think diplomatic preasure is good and relatively easy to do . 
  if the west , and germany in particular had n't put preasure on iliescu , he would n't have held free election in 96 . 
  hell they even debated a coup then . 
  but iliescu who was basically a dictator since 90 , refused . 
  preasure from outside clearly influenced him in this , because in 91 , he answered very brutally to peaceful protests , by calling in the miners to beat them up . 
   but enabling them to exist and thrive by turning a blind eye and continuing trading relations with them is only making things worse . 
  agreed . 
  it 's a lie that dictatorships bring '' stability '' . 
  one day it will all come down , in 5 or 50 years , it does n't matter , but it will . 
  we are simply giving the burden of resolving these problems to the next generation . 
   if we condemn the autocrats we contribute to messy economic and social conflicts the autocrat himself creates tensions and divides society as to remain in power . 
  no dictatorship is '' stable '' for ever . 
  sooner or later something will give in . 
  the notion that dictatorships are stable , is in my opinion a pure lie . 
  we are simply kicking the problem to the next generations . 
  and this is why corruption leads to dictatorship . 
  those in power know , they 'll get into jail if they step down . 
   unless some really huge shit happens with our economy . 
  oil prices will be key here . 
  if they fall again , the economy will tank fast . 
  putins biggest mistake in my opinion , making the economy so reliant on oil/gas . 
  it makes it very vulnerable . 
  a healthy economy needs to be pretty diverse , exactly because of this , if one sector falls , you 'll still have the others to dampen the shock . 
  but in a way i understand why he did it . 
  it brought immediate and visible benefits to the populace , and it boosted his popularity . 
  still putting all your hopes on one sector alone is dangerous . 
  i find eurovision annoying , weird and political ... 
  but somehow i would be sad if it no longer existed . . 
  always a posibility true . 
  but is anyone strong enough ? 
  and more important , is anyone brave enough ? 
  i have little doubt that a power struggle would begin if medvedev ruled , no one really fears him but with putin there 's a different story . 
  but i do think discontent will only grow even among the ruling elite as putin grows older . 
  no one will attack him this coming term , he has prepared everything for a glorious '' victory '' , you think there 's a coincidence the elections are on the anniversary of the annexation ? 
  but after this , i have little doubt he 'll try another switch like the one he did with medvedev . 
  but how many of these will the others accept , they will start to demand more power , arguing that their turn has come . 
  regardless i do n't expect power struggles in the next 7 ( that 's how long a term is in russia right ? ), 
  years . 
  not without something huge happening at least, 
  my father has one . 
  it 's sewing stuff . 
  needles ... etc it did had cookies once . 
  i remember eating them when i was little ... so well over 15 years . 
  agreed . 
  he 'll just switch and become pm . 
  there is no way he 'll ever stand down . 
  putin will leave the kremlin only in a casket . 
  of course . 
  theoretically it would be his last . 
   despite declaring gagauz as the national language of the autonomy , the local authorities do not provide any full gagauz-teaching school , most of those are russian-language as opposed to inner moldovan full romanian language education . 
  [ 15 ] although pupils are introduced to all of the usual school languages ( russian , romanian , english or french , gagauz ) , the local language continues to be least popular . 
  [ 16 ] sadly it looks like it 's unpopular and russian is the most common one used . 
   on 2 february 2014 , gagauzia held a referendum . 
  an overwhelming majority of voters opted for closer ties with russia over eu integration . 
  they also said they preferred the independence of gagauzia if moldova chooses to enter the eu .
