  cyprus is . 
  i think that the reforms needed to join the eu are better then the eu itself . 
  regardless the outcome , i wish the best to serbia . 
  what about macedonia ? 
  i do n't think they have anything to do with serbia . 
  and with kosovo . 
  well just look at cyprus . 
  thanks, 
  what are the results ? 
  i admit , i see in him the making of a orban . 
  dragnea is much more sly then ponta . 
  the nationalistic tone in his speech is worrying : '' we will eat our food not bad imports '' . 
  but i do n't see him trying to pull us out of the eu like le pen does . 
   psd 's own rhetoric for this campaign was the usual euroskeptic one you see with le pen this is an exageretion . 
  at most dragnea took inspiration from orban . . etc. 
  he took a nationalistic tone . 
  i doubt he 'll go full anti-eu, 
  '' 2016 '' implies a suprise . 
  this result was certain . 
  i know i will be downvoted by romanians . 
  but i hope pmp and basescu enter the parliament . 
  he has a bloody gift at humiliating psd . 
  edit : downvoted as expected . . 
  i had no expectations and ... i was right !, 
  turnout 39 % ... we are a joke . 
  hope dna survives . 
  oh well at least usr got 10 %, 
  i think the region developed more during the post-communist era . 
  it was better for foreign investments as you can quickly export goods true hungary and thus europe . 
  the other regions are worst because infrastructure is poorer and it 's a lot harder to send goods to europe because of the mountains . 
  i do agree with you that during it 's history the regions was poorer then the rest , it was the poorest after ww1 and pretty equal with the rest during communism . 
  thanks for the details . 
  well at least you have some hopes , here it 's going to be a psd ( corrupt neo-communists ) win most likely . 
  always . 
  it 's also the most anti-psd region of the country . 
  moldova and wallachia are mostly , with the exceptions of couple of cities , psd strongholds , turnout is always high here . 
  any predictions ? 
  and transylvania would be even richer if you would remove just hunedoara ( my home ) . . 
  anyone could tell me about the parties ? 
  moldova is the poorest you are right . 
  but wallachia is n't that much better . 
  that 's psd leaders dragnea state . 
  it 's among the poorest in the country as well . . 
  those are the poorest regions of the country . 
  they are also psd voters . 
  the more wealthy transylvania is very anti-psd but turnout is very weak . . 
  i do n't think it 's blackmailing honestly . 
  i think bahceli just thinks he can gain a lot of things by allying with erdogan . 
  as i said , i have little doubt that it was bahceli who wanted hdp out and erdogan hungry for that presidential system gave it to him . 
  on the long run it is a death sentence to mhp though , that is true . 
  he is , without a doubt . 
  he probally decided he has more to win by allying with erdogan . 
  hdp leaders getting arrested is most likely his doing . 
  but how will the mhp electorate vote ? 
  this is the real question . 
  the poll also says 10 % are undecided , that is more then enough to swing the vote in either directions . 
  anyway it will be a close vote . 
  they do n't have one . 
  to be fair no party truly has any foreign policy . 
  they all mostly just say we follow nato/eu and that 's that . 
  former pm ponta tried to get more friendly with china and arab nations , but that was because he was n't welcomed in western countries anymore . 
  yup . 
  they were . 
  both had a black flag as their banner , so probaly here is where the confusion is . 
  but it is the abbasids . 
  this one is going to be very close vote . 
  i think it will come down to mhp voters . 
  will they vote against it or will they listen to bahceli and vote for it . 
  it is but i do n't know if even this will be enough to form a majority . 
  the failure of the opposition to unite . 
  only 1 psd member won the presidency in romania : our first president ion iliescu . 
  during presidential elections psd always wins the 1st round easy . 
  but during the 2nd round everyone else unites behind the other candidate to beat psd . 
  the other guy does n't even matter anymore , only thing that matters is that he is n't psd . 
  iliescu lost in 1996 against constantinescu . 
  he beat again geoana in 2008 , during an economic crisis , and against a decent psd candidate . 
  geoana was a decent guy , confirmed by the fact they kicked him out later on . 
  iohannis also came back from 10 % difference and beat ponta . 
  iliescu would 've lost in 2000 as well , if his opponent was n't an anti-semite racist , against nato/eu , yelling '' self-sufficient country '' . 
  psd will not win a presidential election for a long while . 
  people will simply unite behind the other person no matter who it is . 
  but for parliamentary elections that 40 % that psd will have for the next 20 years is more then enough . 
  combine it with low-turnout . 
  where psd resembles the republican party here . 
  their electorate will go to vote , no matter what . 
  while the opposition has a hard time getting people out to vote for them . 
  they can be beaten though . 
  i hate the man , even though i voted for him twice , but good lord he had a gift at humiliating his opponents . 
  he would stoop to their level and beat them at their own game . 
  i do n't know why but i have a feeling will have elections again next year . 
  i ca n't see pnl/usr making a majority , but there is decent chances psd/alde wo n't make one either . 
  i could see udmr throwing themselves with psd though . 
  that would be their death though , they lost so many votes , they barely have 5 % anymore . 
  it was while i studied the battle of gallipoli that i first became fascinated in ataturk himself and then in turkish history in general . 
  a beautiful quote from ataturk , who fought there against the allies , after the world war :  the heroes who shed their blood and lost their lives on this country 's soil !, 
  you are in the soil of a friendly country now . 
  therefore rest in peace . 
  you are side by side with the little mehmets . 
  the mothers who send their sons to the war !, 
  wipe your tears away .
