  a plane flying so close could be seen as a potential threat . 
  especially under current circumstances . 
  will see soon enough , the us ought to make a statement in the coming houres . 
   black/green rebels supporter . 
  do point it out please where i said i support them ? 
  i never said '' shia infidel '' though i was called that once . 
  but it 's a factual truth that there are iranian backed troops there . 
  which could be called mercenaries . 
  iran is sending thousands from afghanistan , iraq , lebanon . . etc not to mention the iranians themselves . 
  revolutionary guard commander soleimani just had a photo shoot near the iraqi border , with afghan soldiers . 
  as for assad . 
  i was speaking of a certain kind of people , who completely whitewash him , making him to be the best in the world , with no faults . 
  that 's what i saw when i was in that sub . 
  pkk is a terrorist organization . 
  oh great i knew i should n't talk syria on reddit ... where did i say that that i '' support '' any faction or anyone else ? 
  do point it out my friend . 
  r/syrianrebels for example is also a shithole . 
   `` saw as a threat '' is not a good justification . 
  it is , in my opinion . 
  i do n't condone it , but i think it 's more then enough . 
   right now we have russian words against us words . 
  do forgive me if i do n't trust the russian government that much . . not that i truly trust the us one , but i do think the institutions are cleaner and more trustworthy . 
  we 'll see soon enough . 
  the us military will surely give a statement soon . 
   i think it was an open secret that russia and the us have some agreements about influence zones in syria of course they had . 
  bu still how much influence does russia truly have . 
  i myself am not a crazy '' russia is behind everything '' kind of guy . 
  but how much influence do they have on the iranian backed forces is still uncertain . 
  i would say quite little . 
  might have been a bit harsh , still last time when i was there it was pretty bad . 
  still the us would n't have shot a plane down there if it was n't targeting the sdf or saw it as a threat . 
  right now the zones of influences are being carved . 
  the russian statement outright confirms it . 
  warning the us to not go '' west of the the river '' basically giving up all that 's east , recognizing that 's us '' area '' . 
  it will be interesting to see if the sdf will try to push south , near the border to reach the river there . 
  honestly dez is more important now than rakka . 
   i 'd advise to lurk / r/syriancivilwar lool . 
  pkk and assadist apologists there . 
  not to mention / sg / folks . 
  there 's no un-biased placed to discuss syria on reddit sadly . 
  the regime has tried to gouge the sdf 's willingness to fight for days already near tabqa . 
  shelling them quite a bit . 
  sdf officials already declaring , days earlier they 'll answer regime attacks and the leadership just got closer to the saudis . 
  there are also no other rebel forces there , besides the sdf . 
  the russians and regime forces attacking sdf fighters already the propaganda war is starting . 
  russian tv calling sdf terrorists . 
  pyd declaring they 'll work closer with the saudis . 
  isis is dead . 
  the fight over syria just begun . 
  just do n't, 
   in hungary we do n't have any resentment towards nowadays ' turks because same here . 
  even if have many stories , of heroic resistance to the ottomans , though we do like to forget the defeats ... 
  i think it 's also because we were never really conquered , we were just vassals mostly . 
  so the attitude is one of '' yeah they beat us sometimes , but oh man did we also beat them '' not to mention our culture is quite influenced by the turkish one . 
  from food to even language . . etc, 
  not wrong , but we have a shitty government too . 
  dragnea is basically mini-erdogan . 
   sometimes to the point of utter cheesiness even . 
  god , trust me we told many on our sub to stop spamming here . 
  turkey does have an awful pr though , true . 
  yeah just pure and utter shit journalism . 
  hell the friend who first told me about this is a hardcore kemalist , if erdogan would have tried anything she would be the first to point it out . 
  what ? 
   it 's being portrayed as `` evil jihadist turks are destroying anzac monuments '' not even that . 
  they basically say '' there is a possibility it could be destroyed '', 
   war is coming . 
  with whom ? 
  lol . 
  erdo is just yelling to rile up the nationalists since he allied with mhp/bahceli . 
  with another nato country ? 
  lol . 
  erdo is trying to repair the relations he broke . 
  he 's a narcisistic megalomaniac , but he likes european money , he 'll rather do business with us then try anything . 
  if anything you 'll see more movement in syria and iraq . 
  rumours are that erdogan and barzani want to get rid of pkk in sinjar . 
  no problem !, 
   to the point of misinterpreting things deliberately there 's nothing i hate more than this . 
  like you need to make things up to hate erdogan/turkey . 
   i know its trendy to hate on turkey nowadays erdogan more like . 
  still there is so many reasons to hate him . . no point in creating fake ones . 
  thanks, 
  it 's not destroyed ... 
  they 'll put it back, 
  http://catab.kulturturizm.gov.tr/tr,180367/tarihi-alanda-yer-alan-kitabeler-yenileniyor.html only official declaration i could find . 
  edit : someone translated it down below . 
  a guy on twitter working there , and an architect also confirmed they were taken in part of a bigger project . 
  the lady architect said nothing of changes but the poor guy keeps tweeting that nothing will change . 
  edit : putting it here for more to see . 
  they released an official statement and a nice pic showing how it will look finished [ here ] ( https://twitter.com/tarihialan/status/876102939961700352 ) it 's in english . 
  yes . . ? 
  the marble with the words was taken away to be restored . 
   and if you look closely it 's a stone monument , there is no plating check my comment with the twitter link . 
  https://twitter.com/tarihialan/status/875622823594663937 here you go . 
  edit : if a turk could translate all of that i would appreciate it , my turkish is somewhat rusty , i 'll just make a mess . 
  the plating containing the words was taken to be restored ... edit : '' spamming '' i made 2 comments . . 
  choose who you will ... 
  but even their article says '' it could happen '' , not that '' it happened '' they are n't replaced at all . 
  the old plating were taken to be restored as they have n't for a long while . 
  if they wanted new words they would have made entire new ones , not bothered with restoring the old . 
   could , would he has no proof .
