  1 week later , no one mentioned it again . 
  if anyone is wondering . 
  we have parliamentary elections in december . 
  so arya stark wrote the new transformers ? 
  hmm , might check it just for that . 
  ah , the fraud contributes to the corruption that in turn contributes to the fraud . 
  proto-communists would have been better , i think . 
  in our first '' multi-party '' elections , in 91 iliescu won with 92 % , he controlled the media , well the only existing tv post we had , the debates where orchestrated only to give the impression that the other candidates had a chance , i guess you are familiar with that . 
  the other candidates where barely known outside of the capital , and the ground game , in other provinces , especially the rural ones , was non-existent because iliescu and his cronies did n't allow it . 
  ah yeah , just read that in your elections every votes matters rather the regions . 
  makes sense that way . 
  we where ruled in a north korean style of communism . 
  it started after ceausescu returned from a trip there . 
  he went full nuts . 
  he wanted a population of 25 million , god knows why . 
  so he banned abortions and gave special pensions to women with 4 kids . 
  just a question . 
  how well known is it that there is fraud ? 
  i mean among the common people . 
  ah , the old communist tactics ... 
   this year they are at 95 % / 96 % . 
  got damn , they do n't even try to hide it . 
  i was thinking more about some siberian and other far east regions . 
  well the best thing to come out of these elections , i 'm an optimist , is the turnout . 
  officially it was 40 % but some sources say it was around 37 % . 
  this shows that a huge part of the russian population is desolutioned with the electoral process and the ruling elite . 
  even putin in a interview commented on the low turnout . 
  why do they do these things in regions like chechnya where it 's beyond obvious . . 
  do n't forget we are in campaign season , if such a decision would be taken populists would be in full force , trying to get couple of votes . 
  better to leave it for after the elections when they would n't care that much and it has higher chances of staying like . 
  completely agree . 
  it 's on these reforms , that we needed to fulfill to join the eu , that we built the foundations of all our reforms and all the progress we achieved , without them it would have much , much harder . 
  just take dna for example , our anti-corruption agency , we created it at the eu 's pressures , not to mention it was created by one of our most corrupt prime-minister , who is now it 's biggest opponent . 
  the process of joining the eu , in my opinion , helps more then actual membership . 
  it gives the country direction , makes reforms easier to implement and makes even the most corrupt politicians move into the right direction . 
  and as for the money , i agree , it 's incredibly hard to steal eu funds , so much actually that many of our mayors refuse to ask for them because they ca n't steal them or the investigations will find their other illlegal practices . 
  i fell for it ... 
  they are n't in the eu . 
  the country is n't '' ruled by various islamic factions '' . 
  there is un unity government , the islamists , who barely got 20-25 % ( the biggest islamic party got barely 10 % ) in the elections have stepped down . 
  compared to that , the economical liberal and nationalistic party won 48 % of the votes . 
  and the infrastructure is n't that affected , it is still mostly in place , because fighting was really light , unlike syria where a good portion of the country is in in complete ruins . 
   modern libya . 
  that was n't the case , and it was exactly why the people revolted . 
  it happens in every dictatorship . 
  to stay in power dictators try to achieve some economical succes , but this creates a middle class that ca n't accept the lack of political liberties . 
  no libyan i ever spoke with wants ghaddafi back . 
  they will say it was more '' stable '' back then , but so do some romanians say about the communist years , but none wanted to go back and have ghaddafi rule over them again . 
  as someone who traveled trough most of europe i think this is a great idea !, 
  someone here said that it could be on request , as to reduce spending and i think this is the best option . 
  but at the very least people should receive a latter/email , anything really , to let them know they have this option . 
  yeah , he wanted a african union where he would act as king/ruler . 
  and he funded dozens of civil wars to achieve that pipe-dream of his . 
  of course he tried this only after trying to become '' king '' of arabs . 
  the arabs laughed in his face , but the africans much poorer took his money , but never wanted to be ruled by him . 
  libya has a population of around 6 million , and the biggest oil reserves on the continent . 
  anyone would have been able to build a decent infrastructure with that amount of money . 
  but that does n't matter , because the people did n't revolt for the lack of roads . 
  they revolted because of the kidnnapings , of the rapes , of the political oppression , of the torture and the murders . 
  of the lack of democracy and basic liberties . 
  i did n't hyperbole at all . 
  all i said is true , from interviewing numerous libyans during my time there . 
  and numerous well respected documentaries of other journalists . 
  it 's a lot harder though , then libya . 
  bordering on impossible because of some unique factors , that are absent in libya . 
  the us does n't really '' control '' all rebels and there are factions like al-nusra that will have to be beaten on the ground . 
  not to mention isis . 
  libya in that regard is much better , there are clear sides to negotiate with , they even managed to form a unity government without to much intervention from the us and none from russia . 
  syria is very , very far away from a diplomatic solution . 
  while libya is already under one . 
  syria will need a military solution as well . 
  concerning isis/al-nusra . 
  while in libya it 's possible trough diplomacy alone . 
  the biggest challanges are keeping the islamists in the deal and seeing how trustwhorty they are and then also making sure hafter on the other side does n't have dictatorial ambitions . 
  we did n't kill assad and thousands die every day there as well . 
  thousands would have died had we not helped kill ghaddafi either way . 
  either thousands would have died , until he would be finally removed or he would still be in power and libya would be syria where thousands die weakly , if not daily . 
  i do not support military intervention , unless it is the last possible solution . 
  my '' ideal '' solution , is something that happened in burma/myanmaar , where though economic sanctions forced the millitary dictatorship to hold free and fair elections . 
  of course this does n't work in every country , as north korea shows , of course though china ignoring the sanctions does n't help either . 
  but i do have 1 firm believe , and that is that dictatorships resolve nothing . 
  sooner or later we will have to deal with those problems , each country in a different way , they are n't all carbon copies of each other . 
  and i do n't pretend to know all answers , i 'm freelancer journalist nothing else . 
  but as i said , i believe these dictatorships resolve nothing , but post-pone the inevitable . 
  to keep ghaddafi in power we would have had to bomb un-armed civilians . 
  everything would have happened again in 1 or 2 decades . 
  the same way it will happen in syria if assad remains in power and the regime does n't change at all . 
  the only thing that we '' resolve '' with these dictatorships , is giving the burden of resolving them to our children and grand-children . 
  the same way we are now dealing with the dictatorships put in place by those before us , during the cold war . 
  syria is in far more ruins then libya . 
  isis lost all territory it has , the islamist parties stepped down an all parties agreed to an un unity government . 
  libya is in a far better situation then syria . 
  a diplomatic solution is very possible , unlike syria where it 's impossible, 
  if there is to be one , this is a good place . 
  i never understood the anger at the locations themselves , of course these institutions will be placed in '' neutral '' countries , like belgium , luxembourg ... etc could you imagine the hysteria that would follow had these been in berlin or paris ? 
  yes thank god they got rid of a maniac that funded dozens of civil wars , genocides and terrorist groups . 
  who butchered his people , who raped school girls and brought african mercenaries to slaughter his own people . 
  and before you try and say i do n't understand things , i was there right after the revolution . 
  edit : not to mention the madmen tried to get nukes , he tried to bribe the pakistani government dozens of times . 
  imagine that madmen having nukes .
