  why do you think he divorced so many times ? 
  6 % of the electorate who voted for him and his party . 
  i have said it many times , the biggest supporter of the anti-corruption movement is the romanian population ... sadly they are also the biggest supporter of corruption . 
  look at baia mare where a guy in jail got elected mayor and other countless examples . 
  he is the final boss . 
  codruta needs to grind a bit of exp before getting him . 
  the day they get dragnea and tariceanu i will get drunk ... 
  i agree . 
  sports are just amazing , they can completely change someones character and life !, 
  when i was young i used to play football/soccer and i turned from a socially shy person into someone a lot more open . 
  exactly , the government simply abandoned them . 
  they remember them only when elections are coming up . 
  education and getting kids to stay in school is the best solution right now , otherwise nothing will be resolved . 
  then you will need to educate the adults as well , try and convince them that keeping their child in school is worth it ... etc. 
  i have been to some really crazy villages , the conditions are just sureal . 
  you could easly take a photo and pretend it 's from the early 1900 's . 
  just look at what happened just recently , with the slave ring and with the rapes in vaslui ... etc. 
  i have seen some improvements in recent years , but all from individuals and/or ngo and other such organizations , from the government i saw absolutly nothing , nothing done in over 25 years . . 
  no , of course not , we are not savages . 
  we use axes in romania . 
  this ... 
  but to be fair his comments come right after trump said he might not defend a nato ally . . orban is basically arguing for a nato but without the usa . . 
  honor killings are condemned by most scholors and punished strongly in me countries . 
  it is a cultural and historic practice in countries like pakistan and afganistan . 
  she should also stop letting people from romania , this things are '' common '' here . 
  thankfully those who do it do n't have the means to travel outside of romania . 
  go 30 min drive outside any major city and people live like in 1920 , and women live in atrocious conditions , abused by their husband ... etc. 
  even in the city you hear from time to time about a guy stabbing , beating , and even killing his gf/wife because she planned to leave him . 
  we like to think about people from the middle east as '' uncivilizied '' but we can easly find it much closer , if only we have eyes to see . 
  edit : looks like i have angered some '' proud nationalists '' , who think i am '' insulting '' our/my country , yet all i am doing is presenting the situation just as it is , i believe i would '' insult '' my country far more if i were to be blind to the things that happen in it and pretend everything is absolutly perfect , and blame all wrong doing on a minority . 
  the funniest thing , is the '' argument '' : '' those you speak of are not romanian but gipsies '' , do they not see the irony i wonder ... ? 
  god damn . 
  i am a journalist who has seen some pretty fucked things . 
  but these things ? 
  i ca n't and will never understand these things . 
  jellousy and '' pride '' are motives , but i simply ca n't connect these '' pieces '' , if you are married or have a gf it means you are somewhat '' normal '' and you should be able to get another ... right ? 
  a guy in romania shot his ex-wife and killed 7 people in a hair saloon because she left him . 
  another guy stabbed his wife , because she filled divorce , even got a restriction warrant right in front of their daughter . 
  same in serbia with a guy shooting at a bar because his gf left him . 
  want to know the funny thing ? 
  to a certain degree i can understand why terrorists commit those attacks , i 'm disgusted by them of course , but i can put the pieces together and kinda understand a bit of his reasoning . 
  and as a bully victim i understand uncomfortably to well why that kid started shooting . 
  i do n't feel pitty for him , not at all , he killed innocents , but these days i have wondered , what if i did n't had such supportive parents , what if i would not have had 2 good friends to make me forget about the bullying ? 
  would i have '' snapped '' ? 
  it is a uncomfortable question to ask yourself . 
  now , now , you do know we do n't actually reed the articles here do n't you ? 
  it was needed , and that is sad ... . 
  to be fair boxing , and similar sports , have saved many young , poor people from a life of crime and/or joining gangs and such . 
  it gives them purpose , a father figure in the best case scenario and actually teaches respect and other such things , you fight by the rules , you do n't hit your opponent when he 's down , ... etc. 
  there are plenty of examples , tyson , in thailand for example sport for some is the only alternative to crime ... etc. 
  most boxers say , that boxing saved their lives . 
  it 's as islamic as the shootings that happened in 2009 in germany , and as islamic as school shootings in the usa . 
  trying to make this fit a certain narrative is dangerous , it will only stop us from dealing with the actual causes and in the worst case it will create entirely new problems . 
  to say he was bullied by '' extremist '' is absurd , is every gay boy/girl , in romania bullied because of extremist orthodox kids ? 
  or every '' gipsy '' who are insulted and marginalized every day at school , some times by the school itself . 
  bullying rarely has anything to do with religion/race . . etc. 
  it is just pretext , as someone who was bullied when he was a kid i can a sure you of this , usually a a '' week '' or socially lone person is chosen to be bullied , it starts from 2-3 assholes who think themselves great or their parents/brothers beat/neglect them at home , then more and more students follow , perhaps not as a agressive as the first ones , but they will throw jokes around so they can join the group or save themselves from the bullying . 
  it is a serious problem everywhere in the world , and we have to treat it carefully , psychological help is the best route , especially if it happens early , for both the bully and the bullied so we can avoid this kind of events were someone one day snaps . 
  happened in romania too , but we have virtually no guns , so mass shootings are extremely hard , but one day a kid picked up some rocks and killed 2 people at school . 
  and this is why i join this discussion only after couple of days or so , and we have clear picture of the events . 
  now this is a story i would like to hear . 
  if you feel comfortable enough to tell us of course !, 
  great news albania !!, 
  in my opinion , these are among the most important reforms . 
  it helped our country greatly , hope it will help yours !, 
  just a piece of advice , from experience , always push your politicians into this direction , even if they do n't truly believe in it , they will push for them , more slowly perhaps , but they will do it to grab some votes . 
  our anti-corruption agency was created by one of our most corrupt pm , just to grab some votes , now that same agency is about to arrest him . 
  it may be cynical , but it is exactly what happened in romania . 
  eu and nato made all our politicians agree on something , even if only publically , they made a outright proto-communist dictator iliescu push for nato , just because he knew that was what the people wanted , and if he did n't deliver he would have been dead . 
  in 2000 for example he tried to '' soften '' his pro-eu stance and almost lost the elections . 
  without the eu/nato to give our people a goal , and force our politicians to be pro-west , especially the early outright communists , i truly can not imagine how our country would have looked today ... and frankly i do n't want . 
  you have to understand this from a eastern european pov we do n't mind that , it is exactly what happened in romania and our anti-corruption institutes have the highest trust in the country we would gladly relinquish these institutions from the hands of corrupt politicians who just use it for their benefits , into the hands of competent officials , who will do their jobs regardless of politics, 
  i know people will use this to justify that this coup was a '' false flag '' ... etc. 
  but to me it looks like a clinton moment , same as her '' sniper fire '' , erdogan wants to look like a great warrior , who put his life at risk for the country . 
  it looks erdogan needed a ally against the gulenists and so he threw himself with the kamelists . 
  if so it is good news . 
  but he was allied with gulen too , and look how it went down in the end . 
  but i like to keep a positive stance , so this is good news , so far . 
  he is n't going to harass 30 % of the population , if you count only chp add hdp and mhp and it 's almost , if not half the population . 
  i think sometimes we all are a bit to cynical . 
  this protest is held by the opposition to show that they support democracy and are against a military coup removing a elected president . 
  nothing wrong with this . 
  and akp , even if the state of emergency was declared , allows it and even supports it , sure it is a publicity stunt , all political moves are to a degree , but i doubt there is anything '' evil '' behind this . 
  and ban the party with most votes . 
  not exactly democratic . . or if is truly the gulenists , it would have been even worse ... 
  i have some friends in turkey , i was speaking with 1 one of them . 
  ans he was saying something that erdogan ( ? ), 
  brought back a well known retired kamelist general , is there any truth to this ? 
  he was in a hurry and we could n't speak more , but i 'm curious if this is true . 
  you know very well what i mean with the first 2 . 
  for goodness sake a party in the usa has '' conversion camps '' for gays in it 's platform . 
  the leader of the party came out on tv , it was big news piece on bbc and cnn , he promised to respect the secular constitution and the democratic process . 
  it will remain a conservative party , there is no question in that , and there is nothing wrong with it . 
  the romanian orthodox church just announced marrying with other religions will result in excomunication . 
  and they gather signatures for a anti-gay refferendum . 
  i have never said tunisia will be a less conservative country , it will be for the forseable future and it will always have a conservative party . 
  i am speaking entirely about the political parties and situation . 
  i simply said that the '' islamist '' party annouced it will drop the '' islamist '' part of their platform , so they will not be associated with morsi 's party and others like those . 
  if they break these promises i will criticize them then , now they took a good positive step forward and for that i will praise them . 
  the secular constitution , written by the civil institutions , protects the rights of minorities and allows freedom of religion , and all parties , secular and islamist , have pledged to respect it .
