  '' arab '' is kinda wrong it 's mostly the gulf , and honestly just saudi and qatar . 
  weirdly enough the uae does n't really like any kind of extremists , they gladly fund secular dictators , and promote a '' quietist '' kind of islam . 
  aj arabic is pure cancer though , deserves to be shut down . 
   qatar has indeed financially , politically , and logistically supported terrorist groups and extremist preachers and violence inciters like the saudis did n't do it . 
  the '' qatar funds extremists '' is just the pretext , qatar getting close to iran and al-jazeera shitting on ksa/uae are the main reasons . 
  the new crown prince also wants a united gcc . 
  qatar does n't . 
  qatar funds extremists and it does annoy ksa , but it annoys them because they fund the wrong extremists . 
  if there is 1 good thing with this situation is that hopefully the entire '' ancient shia-sunni divide '' talk got a strong blow . 
  twitter will get fun though . 
  expect a lot of saudis to start tweeting for '' the freedom of their kurdish brothers from their rafida and mongol oppressors '', 
  i spent far to much time reading of middle eastern politics , and stopped for a moment after reading the tittle lol . 
   although i think twitter is better . 
  same . 
  i follow it mostly for politics , opinions and news . 
  found it hard to do something besides liking my brothers dog pics on fb ... 
  facebook is popular here in romania . 
  twitter is non-existent really . 
  twitter is quite popular in turkey though . 
  turkish twitter is pretty active and fun i should add . 
  where else will you see akp folks defending ataturk and saudis tweeting '' biji biji kurdistane '' ... 
  i know . 
  navalnys growing support in areas outside moscow st.p is something i always pointed out . 
  could it be that he does n't want navalny to get air time on state tv ? 
  fearing that then his support will grow in more rural pro-putin areas ? 
   neocon standpoint and occasionally he talks a bit too much about himself . 
  heh , follow him on twitter , he always does that a lot, 
   garry kasparov wrote about this in his book winter is coming , i was thinking on reading it . 
  is it good ? 
  bahceli ca n't die soon enough . 
  why not let him run . 
  putin 's firm grip of the media and popularity in more rural russia will see him to victory . 
  even if you discount the fraud going on in places like chechnya and such . 
  are they that afraid that it will show some form of disagreement towards the ruling clique ? 
  so who will run beside the putin ? 
  the communist controlled opposition ? 
   he also vetoed california 's single-payer health care bills twice . 
  well he is a reagan kind of right-wing conservative . 
  so no shock here, 
  you absolute madmen !, 
  to be honest i love this , it truly shatters stereotypes . 
  and stuns all those '' experts '' on turkish politics . 
   morocco is still very repressive , but as i say , not so long ago european countries had really similar political systems in the 20th century this is actually a very interesting point . 
  i read an article the past week , just on this topic . 
  that many times the monarchies were less repressive than the '' socialist-secularist '' military regimes that ruled most arab countries , at one point . 
  especially the riff area , their dialect there has many spanish influences . 
  morocco though politically , while there is some freedom is very repressive sometimes , look at the arrests and protests this past month . 
  people protesting , peacefully , corruption , government abandonment ... etc , given 2 years in jail . 
   not all arab states are the same . 
  this though is something i can not agree with enough . 
  all nations are unique , with unique situations and history . 
  fading could be a wrong word . 
  it 's moving though , more towards '' arab '' islam , to call it so . 
  still turkish nationalism is strong even among the more conservative voters , that ought to keep it alive . 
  would be a tragedy if it would be lost/altered . 
  absolutely amazing . 
  you know during the pride march , there should be flags/banners with this and writing stuff like '' if reis respects them , then so can you '' and '' be like erdogan , respectful towards others '' . 
  so sad that turkish hanafi and sufi islam is fading quite a bit . 
  teaching it could 've avoided this bare-boned islamism based on hanbalism to spread . 
  yeah turkey is weird , as someone who traveled the area i can tell you it 's very different than iran and the arab states . 
  it felt also a bit weird , kinda like an '' exotic '' balkan state . 
  could see lots of things we shared with them , from drinks to jokes to customs , to the way they arrange their house ... etc. 
  you really know little if you think turkey is like the middle east . 
  egypt , iraq , syria , iran , the gulf are 10 times more conservative . 
  in turkey even erdogan 's populist quasi-islamism , is infused with a heavy dose of nationalism . 
   beheading minorities to be honest , majorities will be beheaded in this situation . 
  as i said , shitty outcomes all . 
  that 's why debating them is futile . 
  debate the current situation and where it 's heading . 
  not where it should head . 
  i do n't really argue otherwise . 
  but the saa is to full of gangs and maniacs . 
  they also do beheadings by the way . 
  there are also thousands of foreign shia militias . 
  not to mention the iranians are starting to spread their khomeinism . 
  there 's also infighting among the pro-assad militias , warlords basically compose what 's left of the saa , and this was done by assad himself early in the conflict , empowering local gangs , to avoid desertion . 
  this helped him a lot early on , but it will bite him after the conflict ends . 
  they also do lootings . . and are generally hard to control . 
  there is no '' good '' ending here . 
  i do disagree that he 's a '' secular '' though . 
  he played sectarian divisions from the start . 
  he 's a hezbollah fanboy and a '' fierce anti-zionist '' as his propaganda says . 
  not to mention that his constitution forbides non-muslim from being presidents and has sharia courts ... hafez could be described as a secularists , a brutal dictator , more then his son even , but he fully believed the ba'ath ideas . 
  bashar is honestly just an idiot , compared to his father . 
  letting hezbollah gain the upper hand in syria , trying to get nukes from n.korea , losing lebanon , turning into an iranian puppet , giving al-qaeda a safe heaven and sending them into iraq , something his , now best buddy there maliki , used to yell , even warned he 'll take it to the un . 
  his state appointed imam also warned '' we 'll send soldiers to europe if you meddle in our affairs '' sometimes i truly wonder how syria would have looked if basil took over as it was originally planned ... 
   well you started '' pkk assadists '' sort of rethoric , i just - based on your previous comment how there is n't a place to discuss syrian war on reddit ( due to pkk assadists ) - said how this is something a green/black rebels and their supporters will say . 
  i do hate this though . 
  because one side is shit , does n't mean the other should be free from criticism . 
  me attacking assad , which i do often , does n't mean i support any other group . 
   assad is far from best thing ever but it is most stabile solution for syria , thinking an assad '' victory '' is the best is not wrong. , though he 'll never truly get a complete victory like the propaganda says , the east is lost , the kurds wo n't give it back . 
  an attack on idlib/daara will also be to costly , in my opinion . 
  it 's not on assad though , all depends if the iranians and russians are ready to put down the resources and manpower . 
  assad we 'll do as he 's told . 
  but i do hate the '' if you do n't support , and worship , assad , you 're a jihadist moderate beheader '' take . 
  i 'm sorry but , judging by your flair , you too should know how wrong this is . 
  no different then communist propaganda , that if you are n't devoted to the party , you 're a fascist . 
  i do avoid to talk assad on reddit though , just to avoid the futile debates . 
  i usually just talk the military situation on the ground . 
  he does point out the recent clashes between saa and sdf near tabqa though .
