  never thought we were capable of this . 
  dobruja or what ? 
  funny story , we did n't actually want dobruja , it was a bulgarian/turkish majority . 
  we wanted bassarabia , which was a romanian majority , but the russians decided to keep it for themselves . 
  so they gave us dobruja , to get access to sea and shut us up . 
  romanians started pouring there as the region developed thanks to the port at constanta . 
  still though it was a bulgarian/turkish majority . 
  after our war with bulgaria most christian bulgarians left , the muslim bulgarians mostly did n't leave . 
  then after ww1 when ataturk got power in turkey and fascism was rising we had a small population transfer with turkey . 
  thankfully it was peaceful , we just told those people '' oh look , this nice new turkish guy is ready to take you in , here let me help you with your stuff '', 
  i think they 'll go with it . 
  it 's all or nothing for dragnea , if he wins this he could basically get all power and do whatever he pleases . 
  if he pulls back , it would show weakness and lower ranking psd members will sense it . 
  we have to remember dragnea has little power oficially , he '' rules '' because everyone agrees to this . 
  dragnea would fit well in a game of thrones quote : '' power resides where men believe it resides '' . 
  if dragnea shows weakness they 'll betray him in a second like he betrayed his '' best friend '' ponta . 
  of course we should !, 
  let 's wait though until we have a firm date , psd might pull back this law and then there would be no referendum, 
  dragnea , leader of psd and de facto leader of the country , is desperate . 
  he got a suspended sentence for voter fraud , so if he gets anything else he will go to jail . 
  and his former wife is testifying against him in another dossier and accused him of lots of corruption . 
  ( funny story , she started spilling the story shortly after dragnea started dating a young secretary from the party ) this is why he is fighting so hard for this bill it would save him and the leader of alde , his satelite party whose leader , tariceanu , is accused of corruption the dna . 
  of course , the amnesty bill would save both of them . 
  anyway , interesting period will follow in romania . 
  dragnea did n't dream of this move in his wildest dreams . 
  also i bet psd curses itself for lowering the threshold of a referendum from 50 % to 30 %, 
  and here it is : de fact leader of our country , the president of psd has just declared this protest is '' a atempt of a coup , to deny romanian the better lives they voted for in december '' pray for us lads , we might go full crazy . 
  edit how nice , he orders police to leave from the psd headquarters were people were protesting , saying '' our ideals and voters will defend us '' , if it is a '' '' '' coup '' '' ' should n't they be left there to '' defend '' it ? 
  of course not , he wants someone to throw a brick or something to say all protests were violent, 
  psd has control of the cna . 
  what do you expect ? 
  all post-communists countries have , with few differences , about the same political climate in my opinion . 
  if i would detail all our political parties you could very easy see similarities with yours . 
  we must thank the sun for that . 
  their propaganda outlets already do that . 
  rtv also said the protestors are paid . 
  a3 keeps saying how psd will bring even more people in a huge rally . 
  go bring them i say , what the hell are you going to yell ? 
  '' romania demands amnesty for thieves !, 
  to be honest , they are not even that . 
  they are conservative populist party with no ideology besides '' bigger salaries/pensions '', 
  ignore that it 's 30.000 now by some estimates . 
  20.000 in the capital alone . 
  do n't know for the other cities , but i heard they had pretty big turnout as well . 
  we were '' sactioned '' by various human rights groups that our prisons are overcrowded and in bad shape . 
  they are right . 
  the government pretends to try and fix this problem with amnesty of '' non-violent offenders '' . 
  but they ignore that those same groups said amnesty is pointless and rather we should try and implement some reforms . 
  the european court of human rights warned us that our prisons are overcrowded and in dire need of reform . 
  they are right . 
  the current government has taken this opportunity to try and pass amnesty and free thousand arrested , not to mention closing on going dossiers of '' small corruption '' , charged with corruption . 
  officially they say they free '' non-violent '' offenders . 
  but they also warned the government that amnesty is pointless and a temporary solution , and that in 6 or so months will be back in the same situation . 
  of course our current government has chosen to ignore that last part . 
  i know this will give a3 and rtv munition . 
  but honestly , you will never make the people who watch them , stop voting psd . 
  i think it 's good he took a stand and shows support . 
  he will need them soon for re-election . 
  lmao !, 
  rtv ( the worst psd propaganda outlet ) just declared that '' iohannis , has just started a coup against the legitimate government of this country ! '', 
  the title is a bit misleading . 
  no one demands the resignation of the government . 
  people are protesting a amnesty bill , that the government desires to pass . 
  the bill would release , pardon and close ongoing dossiers of thousand of corrupt officials . 
  over 10.000 people in the capital alone . 
  heard other cities also have big numbers , even if it kinda cold as well . 
  if there 's 1 good thing about this psd government , is that it might wake up a good part of society who simply did n't care before . 
  although i hold little hope that the opposition wo n't screw it up . 
  for goodness sake after the iohhanis got elected they had 40 % in the polls , 2 years later they barely got 20 % edit : new estimations say 15.000 . 
  i am honestly shocked . 
  this is rare in romania . 
  edit :20.000 in the capital alone !!, 
  holy hell , beyond any expectations . 
  from what i understand yanukovych campaigned on a fairly pro-eu stance . 
  then did an 180 and went with russia, 
  when are the elections taking place ? 
  no kemalist would fire on the parliament building . 
  it was the gulenists , there 's little doubt of that . 
  i always suspected this much . 
  i still stand firmly and do n't believe it was a false flag or anything like that . 
  but i do think erdogan knew something and chose to let it happen , as to have an excuse to flush out the gulenists . 
  probally the coup plotters found out that erdogan knew , that is why they started the coup at 9pm and in such a hurry . 
  does anyone live on that little island near turkey ? 
  the one on the buttom right of the map, 
  guys , help me !!, 
  i 'm not used with my country being in the upper half of a statistic !!!, 
  i do n't know what to do !, 
  damn , the turkish one is a great shot . 
  props to the person who made it . 
  there are still people with a spine in mhp , what a suprise . 
  aww , this is really sweet . 
  look how excited they are !, 
   i only wish that one day we will be able to reach a level where we 're still not regarded as `` the worst '' do n't worry that why we have bulgaria/s on a serious note . 
  we did a lot of progress . 
  a lot . 
  we are many times pointed as an example on how to fight corruption . 
  we , who where a mafia run state in 2000-2004 , where corruption was the deciding factor in state decisions . 
  electoral fraud is down . 
  no party , none , mentioned electoral fraud this year , neither at the parliamentary elections or at the local ones . 
  imagine this .
