  turkey has just warned the kurds not to advance anymore and retreat behind the euphrates river ... something the usa also supports , they threatened the no longer offer air support if the kurds do n't follow these orders . 
  while yes the reason of intervention is to not let the kurds form a corridor , they are n't really going to fight on the ground if they retreat . 
  and i think they will , they wo n't risk losing usa air support . 
  gingers wo n't be affected , only brown people ! / s no but seriously , if a non-muslim women wears a wet-suit , how will this law work ? 
  will she be fined on the spot ? 
  will she be given a ideological test and left alone if she is n't muslim ? 
  the law is extremely poorly thought . 
  laws should not be so vague . 
   '' put a ''  '' before your quote '' thank you !, 
  but lukashenko is your '' typical '' cold war dictator . 
  he does n't distance himself from russia/putin because he 's a freedom loving dude , but because he must feel his own authority threatened . 
  actually from what i heard belarus is distancing itself from russia quite a bit . 
  they sided with ukraine in this conflict . 
  also heard that lukashenko is promoting belarussian as the language instead of russian . 
  it is n't mandatory . 
  this is from the article : '' officers and police staff have always had the option to wear religious headwear but the announcement ratifies the use of the hijab . '', 
  in scotland , officers and staff are allowed to wear religious headwear , the sikh turban is quite common there , i saw couple of officers when i studied in the uk . 
  so this is n't a change in the law , not at all actually , if anything it only respects the law . 
  now you can argue that police should not be allowed to wear religious clothing/symbols , it is a perfectly valid opinion , but then you have to ban it for everyone . 
  i am not encouraging women to wear the hijab neither the police having any religious symbols , i am for everyone having the same law . 
  if religious clothing is allowed , then it has to be allowed for all , if it is n't , then it must be banned for all . 
  i am against targeting specific individuals . 
  nothing of what you said has anything to do with secularism or equality . 
  watched his interview on cnn . 
  he was n't meaning '' all '' as in annexation but rather as in controlling the country . 
  he even mentions putin does n't want truly donetsk or luhansk . 
  title is a bit '' click-baity '' in my opinion . 
  so does yours . 
  if a mixed police unit stopped me and my wife and did a search , the female officer would search my wife and the dude would search me . 
  not because she ca n't do it . 
  common decency and respect is n't only something that exists in islam , neither is it a bad thing . 
  if there is one officer be it male or female he/she will search all suspects regardless of gender . 
  but if the patrol happens to be mixed there is no practical reason to do it the other way , just because . 
  but that 's exactly how it 's even in romania ... and as far as i know we have no muslim in the police . 
  if the patrol is mixed , i saw lots of these , even got stop once , i did n't had the cars papers with me so they did a quick search , the guy searched me and the women was searching my car and doing the paperwork , if i was a women it would have been the other way around . 
  if the patrol is mixed the male officer searches male suspects , and the female officer searches the female suspect . 
  it 's just common decency . 
  on your second point . 
  you got it wrong . 
  not everyone who joins the police does patrols nor does everyone join to do them . 
  there are countless other roles that must be filled . 
  they could join specifically for that desk job because they want it , that was my point . 
  not because they ca n't do the others . 
  '' officers and police staff have always had the option to wear religious headwear but the announcement ratifies the use of the hijab . '', 
  ( do n't know how to quote , to my shame ) so it 's not even changing the law it 's simply respecting it . 
  for those who did n't read the article . 
  you are clearly missing my point . 
  on purpose without doubt ... 
  mate , even in orthodox romania if the patrol is mixed , as it 's most of the times , i never saw a female officer patroling alone , then the male officer will search male suspects and the female officer female suspects . 
  but as i said not all police jobs even involve this , there are countless desk jobs , press related ... etc. 
  my dad even joked once that all police spokepersons are women in romania . 
  it 's not they who demanded to be allowed to wear the hijab , it 's the scottish police who decided to give them this option . 
  just saw it . 
  nice detail . 
  why would n't he ? 
  most of eastern europe . 
  especially the rural regions . 
  it 's pretty standard for older women and very common inside churches even for younger ones . 
  my grandma and aunt wear something like that . 
  my father uses to joke around saying they are just lazy and do n't want to wash their hair . 
  exactly , leaving aside any personal opinion , the law has to be fair and equal for everyone . 
  you can not target a specific group . 
  yes they are allowed . 
  they clearly knew if they decided to join the police , not to to mention there are dozens of police roles that do n't require that . 
  but i do n't see the point here , it has nothing to do with the article at hand ... . 
  there are muslim women who ran at the olympics with the hijab , yes they can run with it . 
  also the sikh 's turban . 
  for example look at canada 's interior ( or might be foreign ) minister . 
  indeed the niqab in pre-islamic and never got that much popularity outside the arabian peninsula . 
  even in ultra theocratic iran the vast majority of women wear just the hijab . 
  it is common in either the arabian peninsula ( i would argue even this , in bahrain it is n't that common ) and saharan africa . 
  while it does have cultural reasons , as most things in history it also has a practical one . 
  the common sand/dust storms of the regions made it useful , even men wear something similar . 
  erdogan will not ilegaly take over the country . 
  he abuses his power , bit he got that power trough legitimate means . 
  hist first election akp got 33 % of votes but because of fpp he got a majority of seats , like the conservatives got in the uk . 
  as i said erdogan himself got 51 % votes in his presidential election in 2014 , when the economy was good , the truce with pkk stood , isis did n't attack ... etc. 
  erdogan himself can be beaten trough elections , his party ca n't , because of the various reasons i enumerated above . 
  thus erdogan in his race fore the presidential system removes that default victory he had . 
  of course this does n't mean his defeat is assured , but he weakens himself more . 
  elections in a presidential system are always very narrow , he wo n't get 60 % like putin , thus it is a double edged sword for erdogan , while he could give himself more power , he could also give that power to someone else . 
  erdogan is hurt and weakened a lot more then ever . 
  a lot more then many think , in my opinion . 
  many are are afraid of this presidential system , as i said with good reasons , but in my opinion they should be afraid more of the current status quo , which gives akp a victory by default . 
  chp is the second biggest part . 
  the kemalist part but they get around 30 % of votes . 
  funny thing , you know the snap elections erdogan called after he lot the normal ones ? 
  chp did better in those , they won 1 more seat . 
  thing is they ca n't govern alone , need to make a coalition with mhp and hdp , it is these 2 parties who lost votes to akp . 
  mhp is the ultra nationalistic , pan-turanism , party . 
  they tried to distance themselves from akp by focusing of turkish nationalism rather then religion , but the truth is that their voters overlap to a certain degree , so they are the first to lose votes to akp . 
  not to mention they are shit at campaigning from what i heard . 
  hdp is the kurdish nationalist party . 
  left wing and all that entails , but they also have/had , depends on who you ask , i doubt their members will deny it but rather say they no longer have , some connection to pkk . 
  despite perception herein the west kurds in turkey , or at least a considerable portion of them , are quite in favor of erdogan . 
  he let them speak kurdish back in the early 2000 's , have kurdish media , he even made peace with the pkk !, 
  thus kurds in return voted for him . 
  i think his popularity dropped a bit in recent years though . 
  but even so hdp also loses votes to akp when the situation looks bad , erdogan used as a campaign '' slogan '' , perhaps not official but he implied '' either me or chaos '' , thus he got votes from areas that would have been affected by that chaos . 
  although recent events show that he was wrong .
