  agreed . 
  but i fear we have over-learned the lessons of iraq and now see any intervention as bad . 
  we have done nothing . 
  has that improved the situation somehow ? 
  if we would have acted in 2012-2013 , when the situation was much easier than today , we could have avoided the disaster of this war . 
  the deaths , the refugees , isis ... etc and you think there will be peace if assad wins ? 
  he 's an iranian puppet by now . 
  hezbollah goes trough the country as it pleases . 
  if he wins iran will turn against israel soon enough . 
  and assad , to regain legitimacy , will gladly join the fight against the '' zionist enemy '' . 
  assad did n't gas anyone , he has lost control of the '' army '' a long time ago . 
  if i would be to guess who did it . 
  i would say a zelous general with the backing of iran and hezbollah . 
  this . 
  i 'm afraid we over-learned the lessons of iraq . 
  i think that is the best answer to this pointless war and all the suffering everyone had to go trough . 
  true . 
  but still . 
  i doubt there is a region in turkey were erdogan wins with 99 % . 
  also , democratic elections are not so black/white . 
  i say it 's a ladder or scale i would still say turkish elections are better than in russia . 
  i would say our elections are batter than yours but ours are worse than german ones ... etc, 
  mao 's worship has kinda fallen in recent times . 
  his policies , like the cultural revolution are seen as wrong , but of course the official propaganda is '' he meant well but ... '' . . etc a chinese official said once : '' if mao would 've died in the 50 's , he would 've been a god . 
  if he died in the 60 's , he would have still been a legend , but he died in 1976 , what can we say more ? '', 
  man , the 90 's were fucking hell . 
  do n't want to compare the suffering of the war in yugoslavia , to what the rest of eastern europe went trough . 
  but we all went trough rough times in the 90 's . 
  a muslim butcher fully backed putin . 
  these things do n't happen in dagestan or tatarstan . 
  they happen here because kadyrov has been given free reign to do whatever he wants , so long as he crushes dissent . 
  there are plenty of nutjobs in chechnya , and kadyrov is top among them . 
  hell , kadyrovs father declared jihad on russia in the early 90 's . 
  and yet , simply because he is pro-moscow now , he is allowed to do as he pleases . 
  hunting gays , forcing girls to marry his cronies ... etc i 'm not saying the other muslim regions of russia are much better . 
  but at least there is some law there . 
  officials may be somewhat authoritarean but they are so in the confines of the law . 
  chechnya is simply like a medieval kingdom run by 1 guy as his personal backyard . 
  lmao, 
  at least someones doing something . 
  angola is because of oil . 
  go outside the capital , and ukraine will feel like paradise compared to what you 'll see there . 
  i 've seen people being said about loosing bukovina . 
  especially people in moldova . 
  or perhaps i hear more about it , because my grandmother was from there ... ? 
  but bujak ? 
  no , never heard anyone say anything about it . 
  doubt many know we used to own it ... and anyway , as someone else already said , we blame the russians not ukrainians, 
  look on the upper right corner . 
  - evil crusaders/shia/zionists / foreigners/secularists/kurds want to destroy us - please vote to give me dictatorial powers, 
  lot of history . 
  the fascist military regime in romania killed lots of jews in ww2 . 
  mostly in bassarabia and ukraine . 
  there is some still lingering . 
  but it 's at most casual racism , born out of misinformation . 
  have n't seen any full blown anti-semitism here in romania . 
  although our governing party has started all that '' soros tries to topple the government '' thing ... 
  and americans too . 
  look at the history of some people here . 
  do n't put this on all of us . 
   sven . 
  what happened with melenchon ? 
  and poor hamon . . 
  this , whoever did the attack , and the motive does n't matter . 
  they 'll crack down on everyone now . 
  no public gatherings , more censorship ... etc, 
  how weird . 
  yesterday a friend of mine sent me an article about russia and it 's problems with jihadists . 
  here 's the 2 part article if people are want to read them : https://warontherocks.com/2016/09/the-coming-of-the-russian-jihad-part-i/ and part 2 : https://warontherocks.com/2016/12/the-coming-of-the-russian-jihad-part-ii/, 
  have there been attacks in st. petersburg before ? 
  i know they happened in moscow , but have n't heard of any here . 
  also looks like putin is there today . 
  vucic is a rat , he 'd ally turkey if it would help him keep power, 
   they 've been very pro-kurdish in recent times , so much that they risk loosing turkish votes that 's what i said . 
  it 's easy to create a boogyman , and scare people with it . 
  akp pushing the narrative helps to . 
   unfortunately some turkish people are still `` greedy '' as they only care for their livelyhood and money . 
  that ' a true everywhere . 
  even here . 
  you will find out that memory of the past lingers on , for a long time . 
   the only good anglo-american secularism did was to give complete power to erdogan and his group . 
  and what brought him into power ? 
  what created these 2 sides , that ca n't agree on anything and see the other one as the enemy . 
   now discrimination based on religion rules the government and some businesses . 
  some people started to wear hijab for financial reasons . 
  nowadays if you want to get promoted to a senior level , they look at your family and yourself . 
  if you want to win an contract from the government , they look at your network within a certain group and whether you are pious/pro-erdogan . 
  this has nothing to do with secularism . 
  it 's corruption and nepotism . 
  you 'll find that many akp voters hate corruption as well . 
  hell i think it 's the only thing that can truly unite a people . 
  nothing better than seeing fat bastards get arrested . 
   anglo-american secularism only works when there is a independent law and order in a country . 
  this is true . 
  this is what turkey needs dearly . 
  but lets not kid ourselves . 
  the '' secularists '' in turkey and other muslim countries , had little desire for independent judiciary and were more then glad to control it . 
   muslims learn to isolate themselves from other groups of people which discourages innovation and progress . 
  so what does this have to do with turkey ? 
  most of you are muslims .
