  because they do n't want to . 
  putin plays the propaganda card that '' he brought chechnya back into the federation and rebuild it '' . 
  putin does n't care about what happens in chechnya , as long as they keep it there . 
  kadyrov was given the region to rule as he see fit and crush anti-moscow elements there . 
  in return moscow allows kadyrov to do whatever he wants . 
  he has created a personal kingdom there . 
  chechnya is n't really part of russia , it resembles more a independent protectorate . 
  legalities do n't matter here . 
  putin gave chechnya to kadyrov and as long as there are no problems outside chechnya , he allows him to rule chechnya as a personal kingdom . 
  depends on the sources . 
  some say tunisians are the biggest . 
  others argue that many countries like saudi arabia and egypt are not completely honest with their numbers . 
  it 's true though that chechens are a big bulk of foreign fighters . 
  honestly most likely , the russian government , or at the very least kadyrov knows and allows them to leave . 
  '' better there then here '' kind of mentality . 
   place dominated by sunni most chechens are sufis . 
  are you implying they have it better under shias ? 
  fundamentalists are all the same , be they shia or sunni or whatever . 
  theoretically sufism is the most non-violent '' sect '' of islam . 
  sadly whahabism has entered there in the 90 's somewhat , and kadyrov may do things like these to placate them . 
  also kadyrov is a sick feudal lord bastard , he could very well do these things because that 's just how he feels like it . 
  kadyrov and his father where pro-independence in the 90 's . 
  when it was clear they would lose , they switched sides , also they were angry that the other warlords sidelined them . 
  putin 's '' peace '' is a farce . 
  he gave the region to kadyrov who rules as he wants , the only thing he has to do is not create problems outside chechnya . 
  kadyrov is most likely somewhat of an islamist , more on the sufi side and probally sees wahabism . 
  which entered the area in the 90 's as a threat to his rule . 
  but in the end he is nothing but a leach . 
  he 'll have whatever ideology is needed , and ally anyone , to keep power . 
  shhh . 
  just close your eyes and relax . 
  it 'll be over soon . 
  you 'll get efficient bureaucracy and federalism . 
  the void 's loosing . 
  it 's not / pol / they 're busy trying to make pepes and swastikas . 
  got ta love how well organized this attack is . 
  german efficiency at it , yet again . 
  clearly fake news propaganda by the french . 
  germany has n't invaded belgium . 
  poor germany , they just want to love someone . 
  but they were n't built for love . 
  so similar to the hagia sofia . 
  my history teacher said a interesting thing once : '' the turks may have conquered the city ( istanbul ) but the city also '' conquered '' them '', 
  someone like breibart pays him , if i would have to guess . 
   right wing cartoons ? 
  as a center-right person i would like to say this does n't represent my ideas at all . 
  same goes for the vast majority of right-wingers, 
  eh , jones most likely believes what he speaks about . 
  garrison was drawing '' leftist '' cartoons couple of years ago . 
  i do n't think he actually believes the things he draws . 
  come on mate , this guy is literally / pol / - tier . 
  he 's a '' the jews control the world '' kind of person . 
  we should wait and see what concrete actions are taken . 
  it 's easier to say these things , no one should 've expected the usa to say : '' fine you can hold it '' obama never said russia 's de facto annexation of abkhazia and south ossetia , and the invasion of georgia is normal , but his 2012 '' reset '' was a de faco acknowledgement that they 're russias and no one will do anything about it . 
  targeting specific individuals from the regime . 
  most of them have their stolen wealth in foreign countries . 
  this could prove even more effecting then plain sanctions , although these should n't be lifted either . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/magnitsky_act . 
  something like this . 
  same here . 
  the pm is a puppet . 
   have never seen the chp this active and campaigning in such local settings . 
  this is something the chp needs to do . 
  also another thing , while yes your rhetoric can and should vary , from place to place , i do think a central idea/ideal should always be there . 
  lots of people in rural turkey dislikes and fears chp , many with solid reasons and because past experiences . 
  but i do n't believe chp should tone down on it 's secularism to get these voters . 
  should they adres their concerns , doubts and fears ? 
  yes . 
  but they should n't compromise everything and become a technocratic , purely anti-akp party , with no ideology . 
  people , young ones especially , like to believe in something . 
  they wo n't get to vote for '' details '' . 
  look at akp voters , many vote with a strong '' feeling '' , not thinking of specific policies . 
  this may be laughed by some , but i believe it 's a natural thing to do . 
  there is now an entire generation , many will reach adulthood next year , all over the country , rural and urban , who have lived all their lives only under akp . 
  i believe they are '' fertile '' ground for other political parties and political ideas . 
  but these people will need an ideal to get behind , to mobilize them . 
  they wo n't go out to vote for '' details '' . 
  that 's why i think chp should n't really compromise on it 's core ideas . 
  on the long term it would be worse in my opinion , if they did . 
  chp campaigning hard like this will help them , they 'll get experience and learn how people think in different areas of the country and what they could do to get their votes . 
  and the voters themselves will get more familiar with chp and after being governed by 1 man for 17 years , they might want or be curious at least , of a different point of view . 
  who knows , perhaps i 'm to optimistic , but i always try to see the bright side of things . 
  very good read . 
  only good thing the neo-communist , iliescu ever did . 
  it cockblocks you out of the adriatic . 
  sadly it 's true . 
  it 's hard to survive these days without clickbait . 
  once again our latin heritage is obvious !, 
  you 'll have around 10 years to get rid of him . 
  this . 
  i studied in the uk . 
  lots of indian , and some pakistani , students . 
  most return home afterwards though , or go to the usa if their lucky . 
  i 'll say there are more gypsies in italy then denmark honestly , not saying there are n't ant though . 
  it 's just that this new flux of emigration has been mostly of people with higher education , while the previous one was of poorer educated people going to farming , construction jobs ... etc thus this new wave is n't content with italy and spain , so denmark , sweden , germany are the new top destinations . 
  no more jobs . 
  still though , huge romanian diaspora in spain . 
  4 of my cousins live there . 
  the communists vote together with ur on almost everything . 
  some told me it 's '' controlled opposition '' .
