  without ministers the country might run better !, 
  an emboldened psd will be bad . 
  they 'll yell with '' peoples choice '' . . etc pnl and usr are far to weak to gain seats , worse they could lose more . 
  let the fuckers eat themselves for a while longer , i say . 
  a long while . 
  pnl and usr have a masochistic pleasure of fucking themselves over . 
  it 's hard to beat psd/alde/udmr . 
  best option is to wait until dragnea and tariceanu go to jail , which will weaken psd and destroy alde . 
  even then it wo n't be enough , if pnl and usr do n't stop being retarded ... 
   i 'm afraid psd will still get a win ... 
  they will . 
  elections are a bad idea, 
  psd governs and makes opposition at the same time all alone . 
  lmao . . 
  death toll just reached 12 . 
  expect it to rise as firefighters reach the upper floors . . 
  no plane entered this building . 
  you people are just disgusting . 
  i usually do n't let you get to me , but just fuck off now . 
  many in that building are muslims . 
  you saw the interviews on bbc ? 
  most were arabs , sudanese . 
  you saw that muslim lady saying she ca n't find her children ? 
  that man , which by the name is most likely muslim , crying when he saw people throwing their kids from windows ? 
  seriously , go fuck yourself . 
  no one attacks may here ... 
  most comments are criticizing policy , enforcement of those policies ... etc in which both the tories and labour share more than enough blame . 
  also , discussing/debating the reasons why the fire started is pretty normal , i do n't see the problem . 
  blaming may , for the deaths is disgusting . 
  but there are chronic problems that must be addressed . 
  it 's a metaphor ... 
  do n't even bother with these people . 
  they 'll probably be silent when they find out many of the victims were muslims . 
  they were replacing gas pipes , said 1 resident on cnn . 
  in the west ? 
  quite unlikely . 
  not their mo. 
  unlikely , lots of muslims in there . 
  from sudanese to arabs , pakistanis , africans ... etc, 
  a fucking plane flew in the building on 9/11 !, 
  so surreal , when this happens to people you know . . 
  i think i just saw a friend on bbc . 
  god , they 'll all be homeless now . . 
  i think this is the case . 
  just ridiculous . 
  not to mention there were numerous complaints , from residents . 
  not finding the funds to put a basic fire alarm ? 
  smoke detectors ? 
  heads need to roll for this . 
  i know people first hand complaining the building was n't safe . 
  not knowing your building is burning and finding out from the smell or running neighbors , is just shameful in a city as london . 
  renovations took place from what i heard , they put fucking plastic to make it look prettier . . 
  it lit up immediately, 
  thanks for the number !, 
  i called couple of them , looks they are fine . 
  thankfully they lived on the lower floors . 
  god i ca n't imagine what it 's like for those living higher . . 
  there are , no doubt , deaths . 
  incredible ... even back then i knew people complaining about the safety . 
  fuck , i got friends there !, 
  does every post made by a turk need to have this comment ? 
  yeah was speaking of our party, 
  yup . 
  '' corruption is bad m ` kay '' is a good position , but when you ca n't agree on a single economic/social position it 's just meaningless . 
  people need to think you are capable of governing . 
   here is a short video from vetevendosje about the elections . 
  absolutely superb . 
  we had a grassroots party gaining 10 % in the last elections too , but so far their just fumbling around , and their leader is a horrible , horrible speaker . 
  good luck going ahead . 
  from all i read i think you have a decent opportunity to build something from this . 
  during our protests a dude came dressed as vlad the impaler, 
  i saw a very weird trend , on twitter especially among pro-putin people , denigrating the protests because there where many young people . 
  i think instead of mocking they should be pretty worried , the old state tv propaganda wo n't work as easy on them . 
  and cries that '' the 90 's were worse '' will also be meaningless to people who never lived the 90 's good to see from the pictures though , that there where people of all ages . 
  no worries !, 
  read on twitter that there was a re-enactment of something . 
  did n't found out what of , though . 
  also the headwear look turkic or caucasian . 
  that 's exactly what i argue against, 
   but if it makes anyone feel better sure , they should go ahead and issue the statement . 
  i know but a declaration should be made to please everyone . 
  it 's not like it 's a big deal . . 
  whatever opinion on erdogan . 
  i 'm happy if the life of the avarage turk gets better . 
  wishing for the economy to collapse in hope that erdogan will lose popularity is as idiotic as wishing brexit uk to crash . 
  though , by all accounts there are big structural problems , nepotism , corruption ... etc even if the economy grew it is very much not a '' healthy '' economy, 
  navalny wo n't build a wall and make the kazakhs pay for it, 
  and not only in moscow , that 's really important . 
  i think this is a very important part , often ignored . 
   deport migrants he wants a normal visa regime with the central asian countries . 
  seriously who calls taiwan , roc , besides in official situations ? 
  they do n't call themselves '' africans '' either , besides on papers . 
  the people there identify with their respective ethnic groups , clan , even religion in the case of the muslim in the north . 
   what macedonian identity ? 
  they have no macedonian identity well i ca n't speak for all of them , i doubt most of them believe they 're ancient macedonians , check my previous comment , to them '' macedonian '' simply refers to their identity and culture . 
  it does n't need to ressamble the greek one at all and what will you have them call themselves ? 
  vardari ? 
  bulgarian ? 
  what if they do n't want to identify as such anymore , they have n't for 100 years almost , another national identity was created and appeared over time . 
  go tell a bosniak he is just a muslim serb and see his reaction .
