the mature content surely is an obstacle , without a doubt . 
  you have countless rapes , pedophilia and no point in enumerating the gruesome killings and such . 
  good lord we need a good berserk anime . 
  not the crap we got this year . . 
  well the russians still say that they '' saved '' us , as well . 
  guess it just never stuck with the people here . 
  was pretty skeptical about this before but man , if the serbians are reacting ... 
  god am i glad russia has no chance here . . 
  speaking of that , how the hell did we managed to avoid liking russia , while we are surrounded by russian '' friendly '' ( guess ukraine is no longer such though ) countries ? 
  i lived for 5 years in the uk , i bloody love the country and the people !, 
  history , culture ... etc loved it !, 
  never got weird looks for being romanian either , and i traveled a lot through the country . 
  the weather sucks though . 
  it 's easier to steal from/together with russian firms then with nato/eu ones . 
  i would not be suprised at all if they bought these from russia just to steal a bit . 
  he definetely disagrees with ataturks policies and vision of the world . 
  but he has much , much more bigger fish to catch . 
  and as i said even most akp supporters respect ataturk as the founder of the country and the fact that he managed to get victory from the jaws of defeat against 2 empires and 3 kingdoms . 
  you have to see it this way , most akp supporters disagree with at least some of ataturks ideas but that does n't mean they hate him , there are some but in a minority . 
  so there is absolutely no point in banning couple minutes of silence every year . 
  not when the man is so respected . 
  1 minute of silence is n't doing anything to him . 
  he 'll let it go on , even if he does n't really like it . 
  couple of minutes of silence is n't affecting him in anyway . 
  most of his supporters while they may disagree/dislike ataturk 's policies , they still respect him as the founder of the country . 
  that would fit right at home here in romania . 
  we truly are brothers bulgaria . 
  this is true . 
  many simply felt abandoned by the previous governments . 
  but it is n't entirely about religion . 
  a similar situation is going on in america right now . 
  where a large part of the population , mostly rural working class people , feel abandoned by the '' elites '' . 
  most feel like the democrats and a big part of the republican establishment look down on them , as '' uneducated/poor '' ... etc it was no different in turkey back in the early 2000 's . 
  there where some good reforms back in the early 2000 's . 
  the economy grew very healthy back then . 
  salaries rose ... etc. 
  it was good economic growth . 
  if it was entirely because of erdogan is open to debate , but nevertheless , it grew during his time as pm , while the previous governments saw quite a big recession . 
  so the people associate it with him . 
  he did make some good reforms . 
  easier for foreign investors , more transparency ... etc. 
  after 2007 quite a lot changed , especially after the economic crisis . 
  he pushed back on reforms he made , he started putting his cronnies before the economy . 
  this is when he became more dictatorial , to compesate for the economic slowdown . 
  now the turkish economy has growth , but in my opinion , vary bad growth . 
  it 's mostly driven by state investments , as foreign ones have fallen a lot . 
  they are ridding a bubble right now . 
  it will burst sooner or later , in my opinion . 
  nice !, 
  how did you manage to convince him ? 
  i do hope though he responds more then 3 questions like trump did in his '' ama '', 
  heh , got london . 
  fitting i guess , i lived there for 5 years . 
  one day belarus , one day . 
  anyone could give me more details on the candidates/parties ? 
  hope they test it a lot before release , really do n't want the new patch to fuck up something else . 
  i ca n't handle all these plot twists !, 
  does no one really reed this anymore ? 
  '' the stories and information posted here are artistic works of fiction and falsehood . 
  only a fool would take anything posted here as fact . '', 
  i like to shitpost on 4chan as well , from time to time . 
  just remember not to get stuck into it . 
  can we have a character from every eu country ? 
  full of stereotypes , of course !, 
  a good man , from what i read and heard from my turkish friends . 
  he is completely right . 
  he knows full well what lasting damage chp received and still receives from supporting previous coups . 
  sadly erdogan plays by entirely different rules . 
  it just clicked to me . 
  this is what bahceli wanted . 
  erdogan let them run , knowing full well their relation with pkk , he had no reason to do anything against them . 
  but to get the presidential system he needed more votes . 
  then bahceli comes out and says he supports a presidential system . 
  now lo and behold the hdp/kurds , the biggest '' enemy '' of mhp/ultra-nationalists , get arrested . 
  bahceli hated the kurds more then erdogan , and erdo did n't care about them so he gave bahceli what he wanted . 
  i do n't think we could handle the banter . 
  9 days, 
  all that 's left is lithuania . 
  how does it feel to be the destination of immigrants poland ? 
  once in bucharest a friend of mine from the republic of moldova , started praising our hospitals , which are just total and utter crap , few in recent times are decent but most are still crap . 
  the one he was speaking of was ... kinda '' alright '' ... kinda . . 
  but then i realized just how much worse it was for them , back home . 
  for a bit i felt better for my country . 
  let 's look at the bright side of things . 
  in 30-40 years will have absolutely great material for movies and tv shows . 
  '' all you need in america to get a gun , is a course from a 70 year old libertarian in arizona with a greenscreen in his house '' this one got me good . 
  that 's because the newspapers long since stopped to care about informing the people , they simple decide that this kind of '' reporting '' will be best for profits . 
  their newspapers simple adopted the views of some people and now they feed them the confirmation they need . 
  trust me , i studied journalism and lived in the uk for 5 years . 
  i also could have worked at one of these places , thankfully i refused , would rather earn less then contributing to this . 
  want to know the saddest thing ? 
  i have friends who work at these places . 
  they are n't evil . 
  not fascist . 
  nor extremists . 
  no , they are just cynics , they simply do n't care . 
  all they think is of how to get better sales to get a salary rise or a promotion . 
  you would be welcomed even if you were . 
  i truly recommend it !, 
  god have mercy ...
