  and honestly the danger still remains even with a no victory , what will erdo do then ? 
  thank you !, 
  traveled trough the area a lot couple of years ago . 
  and i always had a fascination with islamic history , so that helped . 
   not to mention to the war between ali ( mohammad 's selected brother ) and aisha ( mohammad 's wife ) after mohammad 's death . 
  there was n't really a war here honestly . 
  traitors and fanatics on both sides started the battle in the middle of the night . 
  aisha marched an army to attack those who killed the previous caliph , who took refuge in basra . 
  ali was far to busy with the revolts in egypt and syria so he could n't do it . 
  ali and aisha had a decent relationship afterwards . 
   `` president for life '' he does , but not for this reason . 
  ataturk himself was a president for life . 
  inside the hagia sofia . 
  before a great crowd . 
  '' for protection and security , the turkish republic will be reorganized into the ottoman sultanate !! '', 
  they are ruling since 2002 , so i expect they did . 
   make turkey great again !, 
  a bit contradictory . 
  a sultanate would make turkey great again , not a caliphate . 
  a caliphate would imply all muslims live in the same state , and ethnic identity is eliminated/reduced , making them just muslims . 
  a caliphate would just erode the turkish identity and thus not make '' turkey great again '' . 
  annnnd i think i answered to seriously to what 's supposed to be a joke ... 
  agreed , in idea this would n't be bad . 
  lots of extremist sects rose because there 's no central body . 
  say what you want about the diyanet , it 's clearly a government propaganda outlet , but it has kept turkey pretty free of wahhabi and salafist influences . 
  the hard part about the caliphate in a modern world though , is making over 1 billion people agree on who it will be . 
  and it 's simply not going to happen . 
  you 'll never get countries like iran , saudi arabia , indonesia , senegal . . etc to agree on 1 person . 
  happy birthday , from the other side of the danube !, 
  the ottomans never truly united the muslims like the early caliphs did . 
  the empire was always seen by a large amount of people as a turkish sultanate . 
  the ottoman influence and domination of islam should n't be reduced , i agree . 
  but domination and influence does n't mean they were a true caliphate or seen as such . 
  the ottomans focused a lot on europe . 
  so much that they never even conquered or brought under their control najd , oman , yemen ... etc even iran , who were still sunni early on , they did n't accept the ottoman sultan as caliph . 
  even mecca and medina were mostly ruled trough proxies . 
  i 'm not saying the ottomans did n't influence islam and the muslim world , they did greatly . 
  but i think they influenced it more as a sultanate , rather then a caliphate . 
  and that 's exactly why he was n't a real caliph anymore . 
  the title lost all power as the monarchy modernized . 
  it became just another fancy title meant only to give prestige to the ruler . 
  this gave birth to nationalism . 
  the arabs and other non-turks saw the ruler as a turkish ruler and not a muslim one . 
  so they had an easier time to rebel against the empire . 
  more like the sultanate , that 's his dream . 
  yes do that . 
  go attack serbia and greece and leave your rear undefended !, 
  i really miss those glorious bulgarian sand beaches . 
  the caliphate was meaningless anyway at that point . 
  proof being the arab revolt . 
  the arabs had no problems fighting against '' the holy caliph '' and allying with the '' heathen infidel '' the caliphate was meaningless since the collapse of the abbassids . 
  every petty king declared himself caliph and fought each other . 
  other examples of just how powerless the caliphate was : forced by enver pasha the caliph/sultan declared jihad against russia , hoping the muslims there would revolt . 
  they did not . 
  hell the british would have never entered palestine if the local emir of gaza had n't defected to them and let them in . 
  the caliphate was just a fancy tittle at that point with no power, 
  i meant spanish as in the language , no idea where they are made ... 
  they used to be big , but turkish soap operas decimated them . 
  even the tv channel '' acasa '' made just to air spanish soap operas and did so for over 10 years , has switched to mostly turkish ones recently . 
  they lie . 
  '' extremist separatists '' is the excuse they use . 
  but the law itself mentions just '' protests that hinder the function of the government '' no mention of '' separatists '' or '' extremists '', 
  it 's in romanian . 
  it 's full of over the top news : '' shocking !, 
  '' , '' unbelievable '' ... etc. 
  tabloid '' reality shows '' full of naked bimbos showing of their new boyfriends/husbands and then 1 week later coming to complain they divorced/broke up . 
  and soap operas , dozens and dozens of soap operas that are watched mostly by old women . 
  they are more watched then spanish soap operas nowadays . 
  got to admit , i got addicted to one of them as well . 
  the red rose ( katibin in turkish i believe ? ), 
  used to watch re-runs in the morning while eating and before leaving to work . 
  it 's the only one that got me addicted . 
  i prefer polls then shitty memes and people fighting over pizza , to be honest . 
  thanks for answering my questions !, 
   about 20 % are state employees and their families forced to vote for them our main party , psd , does similar things here . 
  many state workers are threatened into voting for them . 
  would you say the ruling party rigs elections or do they truly enjoy such large support ? 
  also whats their electorate like ? 
  old/young ? 
  urban/rural ? 
  seeing as a good chunk of the opposition is made of serb nationalists , i would say few serbs vote for dps , right ? 
  it has been ruled by 1 party since independence , the party is pretty corrupt from what i heard . 
  it 's pro-nato/eu though . 
  most of the opposition is serb nationalists . 
  please do correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  also if anyone from montenegro could tell me more about the political parties i would love it !, 
  it 's a small country , only 600k people live in it . 
  weird situation were the capital is pretty small town . 
  is the government located there , by the way , also why do n't they change it ? 
  i think the serbs might have something to say about that ... 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wkpaghtn_vu do n't know if link works . 
  a friend sent it to me . 
  have to give it to them , pretty nice video . 
  but i started laughing when the ottoman music started with erdo on screen . 
  it 's honestly just sad . 
  you saw that propaganda video where they compare erdo with the sultans of old and ataturk ? 
  akp acting all nationalist trying to get those mhp voters is just pure cringe . 
  seeing yildirim do the grey wolves hand gesture in the parliament made me laugh out loud . 
  for those not understanding . 
  akps 40 % is not enough to win them the referendum , so they need mhp votes .
