  in a country that harbored dozens of terrorist group , who lived in palaces he build for them . 
  a madmen who shoots down planes . 
  you think he helped stop these refugees ? 
  he funded the wars that created these refugees and then used them as barganing chips to get money/concessions from the west . 
  ghaddafi was n't the solution . 
  he was part of the problem . 
  i agree with this . 
  people need to be convinced there is an alternative to putin , not insulted . 
   uk has an economy larger than 2/3 of the countries of the eu combined thanks as well to the free market . 
  why should i if i disagree with you ? 
  i have no obsession at all . 
  i saw the fall of communism as well , even here in romania things looked eternal even 2 months before the revolution . 
  and we had no glastnost or prestroika , since 71 we where subject to north korean style of communism , where we worshiped the beloved leader and his wife . 
  i know very well that things can change , and very fast sometimes . 
  i may be a bit more cynical , i admit . 
  i just do n't think these elections will change anything or any for that matter . 
  sadly protests to me look the only way to change something in russia now . 
  i may be wrong of course . 
  but concerning these elections , i have little doubt nothing will change , barring some huge event . 
  edit : have to mention this part again : '' sadly '' . 
  if anything would change i would be very happy and glad , for the russian people firstly . 
  this is ... awesome, 
  it 's not about attitude , it 's about facts . 
  we all now the results of this election . 
  the opposition will win just how much putin wants them to and this because putin wants to avoid what happened in 2011 , with protests in moscow . 
  that is why he allowed a bit more '' freedom '' to the opposition . 
  only way something would change is if massive amounts of people vote for the opposition and the fraud becomes just to much . 
  but i doubt that will happen . 
  as long as the difference made by the fraud is even just 10 % putin will remain . 
  but they really are n't against it . 
  they may have doubts about how our economy could handle a transition but they are n't against the euro itself . 
  in the very speech on this article iohannis made it clear that we are still determined and fully comited for full integration in the eu . 
  but as he said , we should focus everything on shengen firstly , because this one is achievable on the short term . 
  it 's not like the vote counts , though . 
  the result is pre-determined , sadly . 
  damn , i wished it would 've been cluj so i could troll foreigners with '' metro '' jokes ... jk . . my brother lives in timisoara , amazing city , definetly worth a visit , among the best cities in the country . 
  we are n't in that club . 
  all political parties still support joining the euro . 
  and i think a majority of romanians still do , though i have n't checked a poll on that for quite some time . 
  it 's just that no one is confident in our economy , all the growth we have is on consumption , we are riding a dangerous bubble ... and we are even less confident in our politicians being able to come with a plan as to what happens afterwards , i think they themselves doubt they could do it . 
  will join one day , we are definetly not in a poland situation . 
  but as of now it is n't priority number 1 . 
  shengen is that one and unlike the euro , we actually fully fulfill all requirements for that ... we just need a good pr campaign to repair the trust that we lost , well deserved though i admit . 
  we do n't need a common border , better for you that way . 
  just declare you annexed us , no one will fight , many would be happy . 
  seriously we even have a president from the german minority ... how many more signs must we send you , until you realize we want to be inside you !, 
  y-you can anschluss me germany just be gentle , please . 
  if it 's any consolation , it took us over 20 years to finally start cleaning house . 
  and even now the biggest political party in romania tries to stop it ... 
  fully agree . 
  but those racists now feel legitimized , as i said . 
  they think the majority of people agree with their views . 
  also some politicians where far to vague with these people during campaign , because they wanted their votes . 
  same happened with the republicans in the usa , they courted the far-right for years , using dog whistle rethoric . 
  and then trump came and just yelled what the others only implied for years . 
  a direct consequence of the '' sensationalization '' of the media . 
  a reasonable debate does n't exist because it does n't bring a profit . 
  the greatest irony of our lifetime in my opinion . 
  we have access to more information then ever , in human history , but the general populace is still not any smarter then before . 
  and these echo-chamber mentality and confirmation bias the internet created . 
  debate is non-existant . 
  you just search for a place that already agrees with you . 
  you want to find '' proof '' that vaccines cause autism ? 
  there is a place for that . 
  gove and his '' we are tired of experts '' is the perfect example . 
  same with tabloids , no point in arguing with a reader of one of those , because it 's not the tabloid that changed his views , its the tabloid who shaped itself to his views and he but looks for confirmation . 
  this goes for all sides of the political spectrum . 
  yeah , corbyn 's views are dated . 
  socialists have moved away from the workers or the workers moved away from them , who knows ... 
  even in the usa , the dems struggle to win the senate and house , because here rural areas matter greatly , corbyn needs to win this way in a parliamentary system . 
  the divide is more of a rural/urban one nowadays . 
  even in texas most big cities are blue . 
  socialists new '' main group '' is a highly educated ( when i say '' highly educated '' i do n't mean '' smarter '' but simply a difference in professions ) , urban , often young , middle class . 
  ( look at virginia , which turned solid blue once the dc suburb became big enough and spilled there ) the change happened quite quick and combined with a shift to the right from the republicans , ensured a dem victory . 
  in the uk , labour wins in most cities , but the rural areas still overwhelm them in parliament . 
  i honestly do n't really know that much about him . 
  he never really expresses his views , on purpose without a doubt , he does n't want to anger any side . 
  i know his family actually helped create libya after the italians left and that he worked in the '' housing ministry '' under ghaddafi . 
  no idea if he will stand for elections . 
  most likely again he does n't want to say , as not to anger any faction . 
  in eastern europe yes . 
  in the west i do n't really see it . 
  france , italy , spain , portugal still have strong social-democratic parties . 
  germany too , but the alliance with merkel paralyzed them . 
  and as for labour the problem is , in my opinion , a internal ideological battle , blair moved the party to the center , but the core labour members never really liked that and try to move more to the left again . 
  but the blair people do n't think they can win that way . 
  same happened in the usa , after 3 gop presidents , clinton moved the party to the center , and both gore and kerry lost when they tried moving more to the left . 
  it 's not until obama and the demographic change in the us was big enough that dems won , of course there was also the hatred for bush , the economical situation and most important , the republicans moving more to the right with the tea party and all that . . 
  well they do n't really need to , 40 + years of communists scared everyone here . 
  no one will accept a '' proletarian '' government system anymore . 
  those who still do decent in polls have moderated their message quite a lot , or gain decent , but no where near enough to govern , seats but rather as protest votes, 
   libya has never been a hotbed of islamism , it appears to be quite similar to tunisia politically , maybe slightly more moderate whereas the split between secular and conservative parties seem to be larger in tunisia . 
  true , politics in libya is far more '' centered '' , how i call it , besides the islamist fringe most parties have about the same ideology . 
  i would describe tunisia being '' usa '' like in politics , where the split is much bigger . 
   the army , mostly made up of misurata brigades , is struggling though . 
  half of its men have been wounded or are now dead and that 's a large amount of losses for the government . 
  i actually have n't spoken with my libyan friends in 3-4 months , so i admit my information may not be up to date . 
  i will contact some of them to see how they are and how are things going . 
   the problem will be to find an agreement between the tobruk government and the tripoli government . 
  that 's the main concern nowadays .
