  damn this is complicated . . 
  ah , yes . 
  was confused a bit by the expresions . 
  thank you . 
  right . 
  then : the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland may not survive . 
  i think without a doubt scotland will want another referendum and this time it may pass . 
  being part of the eu was a major point of the no campaign . 
  even ni could rejoin ireland , if things go badly . 
  not as likely as scotland but a lot more likely then before . 
  also we must remember that unlike scotland , thanks to the good friday agreement bot nations , ireland and ni can call for a vote anytime without the approval of london . 
  wait , so every eu country must vote ? 
  like in their own referendums ? 
  this part confuses me . 
  truly depends . 
  does spain want to screw them over to push for gibralter ? 
  does ireland want to screw them over to push for a referendum in ni ? 
  does france/germany want to screw them over to make a example ? 
  it is hard to say . 
  it takes 2 years at the least and junker said it could take up to as much as 7 years . 
  we are in uncharted waters . 
  no one can give you a certain answer , anyone who pretends otherwise is either a idiot or more likely lying . 
  remember that the vote needs to be unanimously not a simple majority because every member has veto rights . 
  as far as i know it 's collectively as the vote will be in the council of europe , which is composed of the heads of state of every member state . 
  it is very , very hard to say . 
  but take this for a example . 
  eu nationals can freely move and work in every eu country . 
  the uk is n't a eu country anymore . 
  what happens with them ? 
  will they lose their jobs and be deported ? 
  a agreement can clarify their situation . 
  all those who have a income above x can stay , all those who are there for y years ... etc but if there is n't any ... god knows , i am not a expert . 
  this is only 1 example i could quicky think of at work . 
  but there will , without a doubt , more problems . 
  after surviving hundreds of years . 
  countless wars . 
  the american war of independence , 2 world wars . 
  the british empire may well not survive david cameron . 
  i would also like to remind everyone that for the uk to truly leave , with a agreement . 
  they will need to invoke article 50 of the lisbon treaty . 
  which says that to leave , you will need to wait a period of at least 2 years , could easly be more , in which the details are decided and problems solved . 
  after this it will be put to vote . 
  everyone of the 27 nation states will need to vote for , for the agreement to be implemented . 
  even if 1 of them votes against . 
  spain ( they already started to push for gibraltar ) , ireland , for obvious reasons , or even bulgaria/romania/estonia ... etc. 
  then the uk will leave without a agreement . 
  the notion is so scary , i do not want to think about . 
  a sad day . 
  i always try to look for positive things . 
  so i hope that now with the biggest , by far , anti-eu country gone , perhaps we can work on better integration and closer ties . 
  hahahahaha ... 
  i would laugh more if this was n't so sad ... 
  even harold ca n't take orban 's shit anymore . 
   they say that plateau is one of the best places for quality live stock this is correct , look at ethiopia and were the people live . 
  almost all live in the center plateau . 
  good guy vucic , producing clean energy and fighting climate change . 
  `` the good old times '', 
   left can not produce proper opposition , but it 's true thus way too many young people distance themselves from politics , same here . 
  but with the right-wing instead . 
  this . 
  hell i did n't even heard of the attack in sweden until this morning . 
  the internet has really changed the way news travel and work . 
  sure there is easier access to news , but at the same time , there is so much , it overwhelms you . 
  this is also a propaganda tool used by some governments . 
  a lot less then syrians . 
  the rebels barely have weapons . 
  turkey has started arming them better recently . 
  the weapons given by the us were a joke . 
  but why do n't you mention the '' saa '' ? 
  who arms them ? 
  iran and hezbollah . 
  but i guess they are fine . 
  they are secular . . 
  indeed . 
  and most iraqi refugees trust the government enough as to seek refuge inside the country . 
  although this has a lot to do with abadi , who is much better than maliki . 
  indeed . 
  do n't know what the eu can do . 
  but in my opinion 3 steps need to be taken : ceasefire , complete and heavly enforced . 
  anyone breaking it , being punished quickly . 
  all foreign fighters must leave . 
  hezbollah included . 
  a transition government until isis and all the others are defeated . 
  and only then do you even contemplate the idea of elections . 
  assad lied . 
  iran gives shit about international laws . 
  obama was afraid to do anything . 
  this is n't the first attack since 2013 , when the first one was recorded . 
  it 's the first time they use sarin though . 
  the rebels also produced sarin in huts and instead if using it against assads troops , they decided to gas themselves . . / s, 
  there is no massive refugee influx from iraq . 
  shias are no longer starved to death . 
  kurds are no longer gassed to death . 
  iraq has n't invaded anyone causing an 8 year war killing millions of people . 
  there were many mistakes done in iraq . 
  we should learn from them . 
  we should n't let fear take us over . 
  for 7 years we have n't done anything . 
  what did that gave us ? 
  massive waves of refugees , war crimes , isis and the distruction of a nation .
