wow , i thought canada was nice ...  i think you missunderstood . 
  we would not just lay down and wait . 
  we would definately fight , but without the help of others it would be meaningless and stupid . 
  i do n't know , lithuanian tv is so bad that i 've been living without tv for 4 years and did n't even notice that :d, 
  old town - art deco architecture , kaunas castle . 
  kaunas also has 9 forts , the 9th one is the most interesting and the largest ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kaunas_fortress ) . 
  together with the military museum it is a must-see for people who are interested in wars and military . 
  there is also pazaislis monastery , one of the greatest baroque buildings ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pa%c5%beaislis_monastery ) . 
  gothic churches , old presidential palace from interwar period are also very interesting to visit . 
  all in all , kaunas is a mix of lots of different historical periods - starting with medieval times ( kaunas castle ) , gothic ( st. gertrude 's church , perkunas house ) , baroque ( pazaislis ) , imperial russia ( fortress ) and interbellum ( art deco architecture , funiculars ) . 
  second biggest city with unique art deco architecture , but with questionable municipality . 
  it has potential , but we have to do something about it . 
  yes , most people that i talk to always confuse our place on the map , this is one of the most common mistakes , 
  i think people get more and more educated about the baltic countries , and how completely different they are from slavic countries . 
  so latvia is always a country for mix-ups , not russia or poland . 
  latvia , obviously , 
  i actually read that green and red were chosen because of our national clothes ( these are the main colours in them ) . 
  and they added yellow just because ... the flag of green and red would look too dark , 
  ok , i see your point now . 
  a lot of people argue whether modern day lithuania is a product of commonwealth or a product of interbellum period . 
  both points are equally well grounded , especially having in mind that during interbellum lithuania and poland had no diplomatic relations at all . 
  it is a very interesting philosophical question and discussion - when our mentality has formed and what has influenced it the most . 
  rhetorical question really . 
  i do not agree with the `` common history ended 250 years ago '' point . 
  history is a process , with consequences and it can not end at a particular point . 
  do n't forget the uprisings in 1834 and 1863 , which was a common process in both countries . 
  moreover , our people interchanged - adomas mickevicius , ceslovas milosas , etc. 
  ( hundreds of examples ) . 
  our common history was a big thing , it lasted hundreds of years ( i count it from 1385 , not from 1569 though , but it 's up to you ) . 
  so yes , a lot of things happened separately , especially during 20th century , but previous very important processes did n't vanish . 
  yes , good points . 
  it is really hard to decide for me . 
  it also depends on the region you live - e.g. 
  when i went to visit warsaw from vilnius , i was amazed how similar it was , and riga is more germanic . 
  lots of variables though , and i strongly agree with your points as well . 
  latvia ( riga mostly ) estonia ( tallinn ) poland ( warsaw ) germany ( bremen , hamburg , berlin ) austria ( just passed by ... ) switzerland ( lugano ) italy ( firenze , milano , rome , bologna , catania , pantelleria , arezzo , venecia , siena , modena , ferarra , verona ... 
  i ca n't remember every city though ) greece ( crete ) uk ( london , canterbury , leeds , cambridge , bath , colchester , stonehenge , ipswich , clacton-on-sea ) france ( paris ) vatican city san marino czech republic ( prague , karlovy vary , cesky krumlov ) so my main goal now is to stop travelling to italy and explore other countries :d, 
  i would say poland . 
  latvia is close as well , but according to culture , common history and religion , poland is much closer in my opinion . 
  bologna was awful . 
  it 's expensive and it 's not worth the money i have spent living there . 
  after this experience , i can say that i love italy , but only as a tourist destination . 
  not so nice for the living . 
  * polish -- lithuanian commonwealth, 
  if you know at least a president/monarch/whatever from each country , you know a living person from there . 
  you should ask somehow in a different way . 
  in soviet times people even had no toilet paper , they had to wipe with newspapers . 
  i laughed about it when my grandparents told me that . 
  no bidets though . 
  toilet paper it is . 
  i think bulgaria and romania should n't be in the eu :(, 
  oh and do n't forget `` casino royale '' , 
  he 's not my favourite , but he 's probably the most famous one from lithuania - donatas banionis . 
  he played the main role in `` solaris '' ( 1972 ), 
  lithuania loves uk :d or any other english-speaking country . 
  usa , australia , new zealand ... 
  the same estonian guy , who has inferiority complex and is always telling everyone how estonia is not baltic etc. 
  do n't even try to argue with this guy , he is always making this kind of arguments ( trolling ? 
  ) , first of all about estonia being nordic ( not baltic ) , then this ... 
  it is pointless to discuss anything with him , believe me , i tried . 
  well thank you from big black blob, 
  thank you for sharing , it is wonderful !, 
  it made me sad though , that my grandparents do n't have anything similar due to iron curtain reasons . 
  i love it . 
  it is competitive and interesting if you know where and what to look for . 
  we dry , cook and pickle them . 
  one of the best dishes - pickled mushrooms . 
  well , i think , you get the idea . 
  it depends . 
  if a family is very poor ( and , if the worst - alcoholic ) , it is not considered a good thing . 
  but if a normal , let 's say , middle class , family has 4 kids , it is admirable . 
  * lithuanian girl . 
  yes , it was crazy , 
  it 's actually getting better . 
  i had cancelled my subscription , but now i bought it again ( mostly because of house of cards ) . 
  i noticed that the library doubled since the beginning . 
  but yes , if i had my own tv set ( poor student life ) , i would have a cable . 
  but now netflix is fine . 
  tourists from russia get increasingly mad ( one time i had an unpleasant situation myself ) because just a few people from younger generation actually speaks russian . 
  i learned it at school , had classes for 6 years . 
  but still i am not comfortable giving directions in russian when i am asked . 
  so yes , the situation for russian speakers are quite good , but not for long . 
  hmm or aaa, 
  grand duchy of lithuania , of course, 
  yes , i had that in mind . 
  but my argument is more about brits in general ( cromwell was also british ) taking care of themselves , their rights and freedoms and not having to fight in order to have them . 
  eu is their first real struggle . 
  they see it as invasion . 
  just for the notice , i am not a fan of brexit . 
  i 'm just highlighting different understandings , which the question was about . 
  one of the most interesting hypothesis for me is that uk was always moving towards freedom . 
  no hard-ass absolutism , no occupations . 
  just evolving freedom since 1215 . 
  and now they ca n't move back and be under a certain control of a body with more or less ... democratic deficit . 
  independent souls , 
  lithuanian [ hound ] ( http://www.kinologija.lt/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/skalikas.jpg ) , but it is not popular , as it is a breed for hunting mostly . 
  adopting a mixed breed animal from shelters is widely popular . 
  getting a pet from a village ( where all breeds are mixed :d ) is popular as well . 
  otherwise , all the fashionable breeds are on the list - huskies , akita , yorkshire terriers , west highland white terrier etc. 
  it looks like [ this ] ( http://bajorukiemas.lt/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/dsc05390.jpg ),
