you got ta have the sparkly ~ ~ truck ~ ~ tank nuts painted in red white and blue that play the star spangled banner , it 's just a science fact . 
  and the uk is leaving ... it all makes perfect sense . 
   feriae augusti so like all good things we got it from the pagans . 
  it 's what she would have wanted i 'm sure . 
  i bet he feels shity . 
  what would happen if you had dual nationality with a current german ally , like the us . 
  and went to war with them ? 
  would they still consider stripping the citizenship or do they only mean enemy militias . 
  those terrorist did something wrong and horrible !, 
  we 'll do something wrong and horrible too !, 
  that will solve ... something . 
  ya my first reaction was `` damn she has a big set of guns '' my second reaction was `` niccce '' edit : also she was in ninja warrior pretty rad . 
  i think the deaf and the blind could have told us that . 
  the ministry of silly walks does sound a bit dystopian when you think about it . 
  do n't forget australia and new zealand . 
  way harder to get to , but they are n't as connected politically to the euro situation so they might give asylum if asked . 
  and the uk looses again . 
  it 's all tragic . 
  the deaths of innocents and the attacker sounds like he had a bunch of problems and was messed up . 
  that seems a bit ... not freedom of speechy . 
  who said nato would leave if turkey is kicked out ? 
  us 's been in cuba for half a century after cutting off ties . 
  hell , we 're still in japan . 
  could they vote to expel the uk or would that require everyone vote ? 
  cause germany was threatening greece with that . 
  also , i have a feeling that after this kerfuffle article 50 will get a bit reworked . 
  edit : after looking around it seems germany was threatening greece with being forced out of the euro zone , which is different . 
  source ( there are other sources if you 're intersted just search google ) : https://www.wsws.org/en/articles/2015/01/06/euro-j06.html, 
  as long has they demand to be paid in euros they 'll be fine . 
   may 's `` whole uk approach '' is designed to allow her to blame scotland for vetoing brexit . 
  scotland would be happy to stay in the eu , but would n't that strain relations which appear to be strained already ? 
  oh papa uk that 's not how you separate . 
  let your oldest son america teach you a thing or two . 
  seriously who wants to go to turkey for vacation ? 
  what 's there to see ? 
  greece has a lot of nice spots and monuments . 
  not it 's great !, 
  when he attacks you europe will actually give you tons of free money and tech to fight him . 
  your economy will actually get the help it needs !, 
  is n't it nice for erdogan to do all this for you . 
  to be fair it was europe 's first . 
  it 's not a coup its putting the `` power '' back in the hands of the `` people '', 
  it 's really easy , turkey goes full islamic dictatorship . 
  then makes a few choice remarks about the west . 
  nato revokes it 's membership , declares it a threat to international security and deposes it 's leader . 
  they just want a real life rocket league . 
  but i do n't wan na go to doom town . 
  it smells funny and everyone tries to knife the sun . 
  and it 's sad . 
  how many refugees have come and how many have been caught doing crimes like this ? 
  grouping everyone together will help no one . 
  that 's just what someone would say who 's trying to throw the trail off themselves ... on the watch list you go . 
  hey do n't worry there 's still a whole 6 months left in 2016 ... 
  what with all that free money now that they 're out of europe , along with all the extra freedom they have , they need this copter to defend against the barbaric hoards attempting to do menial low paying jobs and gain healthcare !, 
  well that escalated quickly . 
  there are economic benefits to you . 
  if a phd in romania ca n't get a good paying teaching job he could go to switzerland and bam , the swiss have a teacher they would n't have had , romania will get some money sent back ( probably ) and the phd gets more money . 
  everyone wins . 
  this happens at all teirs of the economy , it 's just harder to examine because it 's more abstract . 
  if i have two apples and you want one , but i say no . 
  then i see you have a banana and i really want one . 
  so i offer you the apple you really wanted for your banana . 
  i am not blackmailing you , we are bartering . 
  i am under no obligation to give you anything , just as you do not have to take my offer . 
  the eu is under no obligation to open its markets in a way it does n't find benifitial . 
  the swiss do n't have to accept and can find different partners if it wishes . 
  i believe the hope is eventually there will be people who see the opportunity in the less efficient industries and they will move back and help improve those countries . 
  remember , all we are only seeing a snapshot in what is a long term plan . 
  so whenever a bulgarian wants to make a purchase in a neighboring country they have to convert their currency?that seems a pain the in ass when you have free movement . 
   the day the eu puts it 's survival above the well-being of it 's members is the day i stop supporting it . 
  but that 's the point . 
  the eu needs to show solidarity and strength for it 's members , too keep them together and keep what 's been a pretty successful union together . 
  the uk does n't want to be part of it and as soon as they invoke art 50 they cease to be a member . 
  so why would the eu not then negotiate as if they are n't a member ? 
  i need to get a ticket to berlin right fucking now !, 
  farage is so stupid , the uk will get nothing without free movement . 
  the other leaders have made that super clear , he 's just grasping at straws at this point . 
  the leave voters tears are so sweet and yummy . 
  i agree . 
  that 's why he used careful language . 
  he used very careful language there . 
  at least to me it implies his problem lies more with the fact they are currently part of the uk and not the idea of them coming into the eu as an independent state . 
  it 's like he does n't understand that these are the people the uk will have to negotiate with for a deal and still have to live next to . 
  the us has very strict rules on decorum when in the congressional building . 
  if only we enforced the same outside as well ... 
  i called it . 
  but also , seems the vote has caused a lot of eu citizens to unleash some pent up anger against the uk . 
  which is a little bit surprising since so many wanted them to stay ... 
  they were left out in the cold . 
   eu ca n't decide for the banks technically true , but they can give them massive incentives to move . 
  such as pledging greater money toward infrastructure in [ insert country here ] . 
  why not american english ? 
  then you get to spell things slightly weird , like color . 
  oh god it 's happening again !, 
  i 've heard they wanted to limit eu power and keep their influence so they went all in to have some say in policy . 
  cameron resigned cause he knows he 'll be blamed for the referendum , but whoever invokes article 50 will be blamed for breaking up the uk when scotland leaves . 
  you 're assuming germany , france , ect wont give spain some incentive to not veto . 
  it 's like if texas left the union then realized they still had to have us as their main trade partner and follow most of our regulations to export their products . 
  i 'm not sure if that 's true . 
  if your a financial institution are you gon na wait around for two years and hope a deal is reached which wont cost you millions ?
