  or are you gon na just leave and switch to a country you know is going to stay . 
  not necessarily . 
  a federalization , at least american style , would benefit the smaller countries economically and add a more level playing-field to monetary policy between members . 
  in addition , if i remember correctly the uk has historically been the ones pushing against further integration . 
  now that their out i think the eu becoming a kind of united states of europe is a lot more possible . 
  now now , i think this whole mess has proven there is no god . 
  one of the prime factors in scotland not leaving the uk was the eu saying they were n't sure they could stay in without having to redo the entire application processes , which the uk could then veto . 
  now the uk wont veto , so assuming they can get an ok from spain , ya they 'll probably leave . 
  got ta play the long game . 
   in new york city lot of people see opportunity in the uk tanking . 
  in fact , i wish i had money to do some investing . 
  they are french , it 's civilized to have a paper trail . 
  - jk , it was really dumb . 
  i really want britain to stay because i think it 's best for everyone in the long run . 
  but a dark part of me wants the leave to win , just so we can hear them bitch about how they still need to follow eu regulations in order to trade with them . 
  just to make sure i 'm understanding this , if they leave britain has to redo it 's treaties ( makes sense ) . 
  but , because they 'll want access to the single market ( otherwise the extra costs would be a burden ) they have to accept free movement . 
  so at most they are going to be able to restrict non-eu citizens and loose their say in the eu and it 's other benefits ? 
  it 's like purposefully making themselves puerto rico . 
  so is the uk not worried the eu will retaliate with tariffs , restricting non-passport movement , and such ? 
  if i was germany the first thing i 'd do is bring the hammer down to show what happens when someone leaves . 
  not saying that would hurt the uk in the long term , but they 'd try . 
  it will but i think having taking a more nuanced approach has more difficulties . 
  people would and are apparently exploiting loopholes . 
  better to have a blunt , direct law and then deal with that fallout . 
  not like people ca n't get remarried . 
  oh i 'm aware america has fucked up marriage laws . 
  from the things i 've read europe and germany are usually a bit more up on this kind of thing . 
  i 'm shocked it did n't alreadt . 
  i 'm surprised he could legally bar children from apartments . 
  and no one does it better , with the possible exception of russia . 
  should i assume such activities are not allowed for lobbying organizations and their right to be one within the country are being examined ? 
  i would have breathalyzed the pilot first . 
  i speak gaelic after a few rounds . 
  a guinness smoothie sounds nice . 
  do you think adding a shot of whiskey would be overboard ? 
  most of our mass market beer companies are owned by the germans , just saying . 
  fascist camels ? 
   antipodes i wish we had it , maybe we 'd get a good turnout once in a while . 
  i thought tulips originated in china ? 
  i just looked up democracy sausage , it 's amazing !, 
  truly australia is on the cutting edge of democracy . 
  it will be even worse this time . 
  there 's not only the issue of leaving the eu , but the nationalism and anti-immigrant sentiment in england are going to be highlighted a lot i think . 
  prepare for a more moral argument and therefor a lot more yelling . 
  could be she does and the dutch wo n't throw her in jail , but that does n't mean they ca n't force her to leave the country . 
  at least that 'd be my guess . 
  which would be smart if turkey was like russia , china , the us , germany , ie a bunch of countries depended on them for trade and support . 
  but really their just small fish on the international stage , so the more isolated he makes turkey the harder it 's going to be in the long run . 
   europe needs a reduction in sharia and an increase in liberalism da fuq you been smoking ? 
  countries pass laws to force other countries to act certain ways all the time . 
  what do you think sanctions are ? 
  i thought abortion was a right in the eu ? 
  or is it left up to each country ? 
  to find a dead nazi ? 
  i would n't put all the eggs in that basket . 
  is he still blaming the us for harboring that opposition leader ? 
  uk : `` we want our sovereignty ! '', 
  eu we 'll speak for you in all things '', 
  they still want pieces of the free trade with eu . 
  oh i 'm sure that will happen and then donald trump will become a real boy . 
  to the finest crew in starfleet ... engage, 
  because everyone likes their products and not the shit microsoft makes so they must be biased . 
  it 's perfectly logical , i make a shitty product then i ~ ~ bribe ~ ~ strongly suggest to my government friends we could be bffs if they 'd ~ ~ force ~ ~ help my shitty product . 
  this is why i think the eu will come out on top . 
  they have clear goals and boundaries they will not/cannot cross . 
  what does the uk have ? 
  a lot of vague ideas with no real solid foundation . 
  they want to cherry pick or get some special deal , but it 's clear that will not happen at least in the way they want . 
  i feel bad for a lot of uk citizens because it seems like they 've been constantly misinformed or under-educated on what the eu is and what their position would be in an exit . 
  so the dup really are n't really helping the tories position , they 're holding them hostage ? 
  that functions under the assumption that there is no 100 % correct answer to issues . 
  marcron should email this pic to teresa may . 
  they 're assuming a lot of positives and dismissing a lot of negatives, 
  how would it hurt the eu ? 
  they may not get the bill paid but as the uk goes down they do n't have to help . 
  may might end up having the shortest pm term since 1963 !, 
  ( thanks wiki ), 
  by the end of this your king and queen might mean something again and you 'll get kicked out of the eu !, 
  i do n't get why anyone , even brexiters , are surprised by this . 
  the eu has more growth potential than britain . 
  as they should n't . 
  wait , politicians think about these things ? 
  france really is a different beautiful place . 
  it 's not funny . 
  they are two grown adults who seem to love each other and do n't hurt anyone . 
  we should all be so lucky . 
  just pass him around the eu like a joint at a party . 
  wow these sound really good , i wish our congressman could n't hold an office multiple times . 
  i saw some worried about macron , but if this is a trend in his government he 'll do a good job i think . 
   they did n't get the change they wanted but rather more of the same with their way of life continuing to disappear . 
  i hate this narrative . 
  they got more of the same because they did n't want to move into the future . 
  they had a lot of opportunity to better their situation , like the expanded railway system obama wanted early on . 
  instead they acted like a toddler and threw fits because they wanted to go back 30 years . 
  nope , they 're worse . 
  i really think he does n't know the difference between debt and deficit and thinks we 're in debt to germany ... 
  i think he fears her because she 's way better than him . 
  both as a person and politician , his shtick may work in the us with the idiots but she 'd trounce him in any debate on a world stage . 
  to be fair it 's good to speak at a lower level so everyone can understand , but i do n't think trump is doing that .
