  if you 're so set on being a reactive , where are your petitions to take away a women 's right to vote ( since its only been around 100 years ) or regulations stipulating that cars should be outlawed since horse carriages where around for thousands of years beforehand ? 
   be assured i did not raise any problematic topics and behaved in a civil manner . 
  that 's saved for the anonymity of the internet right ? 
  if you only pretend to be civil to people while hating them in private , you 're not being civil to them . 
   no but the point is that the ( male ) kid behaves like a girl now . 
  and we have to reinforce masculine stereotypes !, 
  girls should likewise only wear puffy pink skirts and never learn math physics or wear pants right ? 
  and yet you said that we should raise children from birth to hate and entire subset of society for something that is innate , just like the nsdap . 
  for a detestable bigot , you could at least be a rational bigot . 
  you do n't even know what heterogenous is do you ? 
  look it up in a dictionary . 
   you are sacrificing development and tolerance , for culture and tradition . 
  how dumb are you . 
  cultural exchange leads to development . 
  how is culture destroyed when it is literally necessary for that exchange to happen . 
  because that really the best way is n't it , propaganda hate from birth . 
  what is your opinion on the jews ? 
  i pity those people for ever having to interact with you . 
   it listens to severina now , you do not want to know who that is . 
  i see your hatred of anything that does n't conform to your specific worldview continues into other fields . 
  according to you should we cut severina 's vocal chords so no-one is influenced by her ? 
  think of the children !, 
  then campaign against heterosexual marriage instead of gay marriage . 
  you 'll do more for your agenda that way . 
   cultures must then face multiculturalism , multiracialism and other pests that make us all more connected and homogenous , which is absolutely disgusting because then you have no differences . 
  and yet almost everysingle gay person in this world came from heterosexual parents . 
  your imposed burdens should really focus on heterosexual couples if you fear homosexuality that much . 
   cultures must then face multiculturalism , multiracialism and other pests that make us all more connected and homogenous , which is absolutely disgusting because then you have no differences . 
  how stupid are you . 
  multi-culturalism causes heterogeneousity not homogeniosity and your claims that its a pest and disgusting show just how much of a piece of uncultured garbage you are . 
  you hate people other than yourself for no reason and your imbecile unfounded fears leads to discrimination and lower living standards of everyone . 
  the societies that are most homogeneous in this world today are also the poorest and most disease ridden . 
  on the otherhand cultural cooperation has led to technologies and policies that have improved the lives of billions . 
  you are a great fool to think that radicalism is the solution to society when the singular constant throughout history has been change and adoption of new ideas . 
  i 'm not talking about homosexuals . 
  you said that integral to recognizing marriage is that parents do not force any ideas on their children . 
  moreover , if you want only homosexuals to be burdened by such requirements why do you want to discriminate against people ? 
  you have no evidence at all that homosexuals are bad or that their children are inherently more likely to become homosexual yet you spew this * shit * like you can see to past present and future of everyone 's lives and can play supreme judge . 
  have you even ever met a gay person ? 
  so you are too thick then . 
   i agree only when each couple agrees to raise a child and not to force any ideas on it , and also with monthly social services consulting . 
  is that what you would do with your children ? 
  take them to monthly therapy classes so you do n't influence them in any way ? 
  what about all the parents that baptise their kids into catholics or tell them to grow up to be lawyers . 
  what about them and their idea forcing ? 
   i said it is not normal , for humans . 
  it is natural you wot . 
  it is normal as evidenced by the millions of homosexuals in the world . 
  moreover why the hell would you want to outlaw something that is natural and that literally affects noone else in any negative way . 
   you do realise that humans are unlike animals capable of rational thinking ? 
  critical thinking and problem solving appears in many other species such as chimpanzies , octopi and ravens . 
   the base of our behavior is animal-like , but we have transgressed to just so much more that you can not call a human just an animal . 
  then why are you trying to use the argument of `` its not natural ? '', 
  when it is empirically evident that homosexual behavior is completely natural and the biological and societal mechanisms at play are beneficial to kin groups . 
  sounds like you have no idea what you 're talking about , while spewing bullshit based entirely on fear . 
   sure , let them have a man/man , woman/woman union then . 
  so you agree with the law to change the wording of marriage in slovenia to 2 persons !, 
  we did it reddit !, 
   how often do they have children ? 
  1 case is often enough to elicit legal protection such as step-child adoption . 
   are you thick to realise that being able to have kids =\\ = having kids , especially with gay couples ? 
  your argument is based on the fact that they should not be able to marry since they can not have kids . 
  they can have kids , through many means , so why not allow them marriage ? 
  or are you too thick to understand your own flawed argument ? 
   no culture would exist without reproduction . 
  culture comes second . 
  do you think that if gays can get married that civilization will collapse ? 
  btw homosexuality is quite natural and fits in with primate society constructions and biology by way of kin-type selection . 
  look it up , you may educate yourself for once . 
  well that 's news to me !, 
  i guess when someone realizes they 're gay they suddenly become sterile !, 
  biology is so magical is n't it !, 
   the one most important thing for the human being ; that being reproduction . 
  wot . 
  the most important thing for humans is culture . 
  there have been millions of people who affected history in uncountable ways without having progeny . 
  and you reduce all of humanity to one act of sex ? 
  how retarded are you ? 
  do us all a favour and ensure you do n't procreate . 
  no they do n't . 
  the civil union law from 2005 law covers only property relations , the right/obligation to support a socially weaker partner , and inheritance rights to a degree . 
  it does not grant any rights in the area of social security ( social and health insurance , pension rights ) and it does not confer the status of a next-of-kin to the partners . 
  do n't lie and try to make this about adoption , it 's not . 
  how about the fact that in the second case it would no longer be a tort between two private entities but between a private entity and a public one , therefore branching into a completely separate class of contract law ? . 
  or about the fact that by doing so the government directly or indirectly makes it position on this cases known , in clear deference to ( some ) of its voter base , to whom it has a duty to represent faithfully ? 
   the saar was partitioned due to french demands , not british . 
  and acquiesced to by the other entente victors . 
  france also wanted to a great many more things to germany that the other victor did not agree to , like the buffer state in the rhineland . 
   it was the french , not the british who wanted a permanently weakened germany . 
  it was britain that wanted to maintain the balance of power in europe as it has essayed to do for the preceding hundreds of years . 
  german industrial might was quickly outstripping all other european powers and that was of great worry to them ( because of its ease to convert into military production )  germany to britain was a big pre-war trading partner lol . 
  frederick loved britain but wilhelm not so much . 
  the germans saw britian as decadent and liberal and their aims in ww1 was to make britain a nation isolate , relying on only german trade . 
  do you see why britain did not like that ? 
  britians largest trading partner was itself in the form of its many colonies . 
   wanted germany to be strong to contain the newly established communist soviet union . 
  the soviet union was n't founded until 1922 and most european countries did not recognize it until much later . 
  during the 1910 's the prevailing expectation from the continent was that the revolution would collapse and order would be restored just as it had in every preceding revolt ( the most recent in 1911 ) . 
  that 's why you had continued interference with american military even after the revolution was announced ( among other foreign legions like the czechoslovaks ) . 
  your assertion only becomes valid after ww2 .
