guchi , bluberry , door , and louwie vuitonne too !, 
  where in the hell did you find racism in that comment ?!, 
  as to the obligations , do you honestly think a country does n't prioritize its own citizens to those of other countries ? 
  do you think the turkish government feels the same obligations to the refugees from the south as to its own citizens ? 
  sorry to break your rose coloured spectacles , but a country 's obligations lie in its citizens and countries it has made legal contracts with , anything else is charity and goodwill ; both finite commodities when taken advantage of . 
  the soviet union , while discussing future strategies of war with the allies , should have respected the diplomatic treaties it bound itself to uphold , instead of succumbing to jingoistic expansionism . 
  now , had it not invaded , the war would have taken longer to finish but at that point any japanese victory was impossible . 
  and as to the limiting of allied casualties , perhaps more would have been saved ( both american and soviet ) this way ; the bloodbath that was the korean war would not have happened had kim il-sung not been in power . 
  if you wish to point out any deceitful attitude , why do n't we examine the underhanded nature of the soviet union declaring war and invading japan , violating the still standing [ soviet -- japanese neutrality pact ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet%e2%80%93japanese_neutrality_pact ) ? 
  you 're terribly myopic . 
  yay !, 
  finally russia leaves prague alone !, 
  poor macedonia , i guess we know where its money is going ... 
  could you take your myopic head out of your butt and realize that the economy , any economy does not work in a vacuum . 
  giving out anything gratis en masse to the population will do no favours to anyone in the long term . 
  economies grow and strengthen on demand and incentivization . 
  by removing demand to actually buy the product , you remove the incentive for it to be available or produced . 
  and the notion of exploiting africa for `` a millenia '' is so laughable i wonder whether you know a single thing about history from the medieval period onward . 
  czechia is correct if you dont want to say the republic part . 
  like bohemia but with a slavic root word instead of german . 
  u w0t ? 
  fascists in power ? 
  they adopted the position of successor state so ... they would petition themselves ? 
  why stop there ?!, 
  czechoslovakia was n't a * real * country anyway . 
  `` european germany culture true group '' `` western risk getting person democracy '', 
  maybe it 's just a potato ? 
  your interpretation of statistics is wrong . 
  if the murder rate is 30 % v 70 % but foreigners in denmark do not make up at least 30 % of the population , then the proper interpretation is that foreigners are vastly more violent and overrepresented than their danish counterparts . 
  the sorbs in germany would beg to differ, 
  they were though , under the jagiellonians in the 15th century . 
  why is czechia the exact same colour as hungary ? 
  and do n't get me started on the baltics!this map makes my eyes bleed !, 
  because it 's the easiest way to disprove them being refugees at all . 
  these are people who come on the coattails of the actual refugees and then take further advantage of the european legal system to repatriate their families . 
  if they were in actual life-threatening mortal danger , they would n't send their male relatives to europe while leaving the defenseless women and children to be massacred in their so called dangerous living situation . 
  these are simply crafty people taking advantage of this system and rather than actually trying to escape any real danger , they are comfortable enough to wait the months and years until they can get a flight chartered . 
  tan people ?!, 
  in * my * europe ? 
  annexation is illegal according to international law as codified in the fourth hague convention ( 1949 ) . 
  do try to at least be vaguely aware of your surroundings before spouting crap like that . 
  thank you . 
  iraq was also pretty stable with a ruthless dictator to quell dissent . 
   by that metric neither is ukraine , yet the west goes apeshit when putin ( allegedly ) mentions it . 
  the difference being , syria 's neighbors are n't the ones destabilizing it to annex land . 
   they predicted shitfest if someone sponsors shitfest ? 
  you dont need to be analyst of anything to predict that . 
  look at mr. dilettante here , with his numerous phds in politics , diplomacy and middle-eastern studies . 
  tremble in awe as he schools you with his armchair critiques !, 
  i hope he does n't blame the next inevitable `` virus '' on some poor chinese livestock . 
  the drink brings out the genocidal imperialist in us all, 
  not even . 
  their economy is the size of italy , so britain and germany are way out of their league . 
  they spend less than saudi arabia , anf their weapon systems are more outdated that the uk 's france and germany . 
   you either commit to it fully ( which equals spending all that money to make sure the country does not de-stabilise itself again ) this sounds like you 're advocating for continued european intervention and presence . 
  you do know that it essentially amounts to colonialism again right ? 
  gee , i wonder how that turned out in the past . 
  if you say so ;-), 
  you specifically said that the prime minister can issue a declaration of war , which is not true . 
  only the king can ( though not unilaterally as per the articles ) . 
  either way , what you said is patently false . 
   signs everything the president of government wants to , because , you know , democracy . 
  yeah no . 
  the king is a person too with his own will , not a rubber stamp of the prime minister . 
  these is no provision that prohibits the king from withholding royal assent . 
  you either have a very dilettante understanding of your government or or none at all . 
  which still does n't make sense because it 's the king of spain who has the right and prerogative to declare war according to art . 
  64 of the 1978 constitution , not the prime minister . 
  are you even spanish ? 
  you do n't have a president . 
  are you retarded ? 
  ignoring the fact that libya ceased to be an italian colony 70 years ago , and most of those `` previous relations '' are long dead , what in the world makes you think that libyans would welcome another invasion of their sovereignty and moreover one that recalls oppression and mistreatment by their previous colonial oppressors ? 
   only have to regulate a small portion of the land . 
  1770 km of coastline is small to you ? 
  that 's the same length of portugal 's coast !, 
  that irish article if for q1 while this one is for q2 . 
  there is a reason why the levant and mesopotamia are called the fertile cresent . 
  the land there was extremely well suited to agriculture and due to that was why so many civilizations flourished there . 
  over time though , with successive farming cycles , the land gradually lost its nutrient becoming the unfertile sandy wastelands we now have . 
  but since civilizations had existed there since time immemorial and because this was an extremely important center for trade ( connecting europe and africa and asia ) it continued and continues to be settles to this day . 
  yeah no . 
  thats not how it happened . 
  1948 was the first full elections in over a decade and obviously support for the communists was high due to : soviet liberations ( that were agreed on by the us and ussr , as the us liberated all the way to plzen and general patton wanted to continue to prague but could n't while the soviets were at least another 3 days away ) ; and the fact that for every country the soviets liberated , they installed their own people in power to maintain order until the government could resume with those people having direct orders from moscow to later take over . 
  so in 1948 the communists won some ministerial posts but not all of them . 
  they were however key ministries and offices like justice and the head of police . 
  they then drafted a new constitution which was overtly anti-democratic and communist . 
  the president then ( benes ) refused to sign it and was forced to resign . 
  the heads of the other ministries resigned as well , thinking that that would force new elections to happen which would cause the new constitution to be stalled and less communists would win . 
  the communists in power however did n't allow new elections ( as was legally required ) and instead filled the positions with their own people and adopted the new constitution . 
  the made czechoslovakia the only country in the eastern bloc that required a communist coup to instill the soviet-backed regime . 
  this of course outraged the western world and directly caused the truman doctrine as well has a hasty build up of american troops in berlin ( previously the us was wary and thought that the situation in europe would resolve itself in their favour ) . 
  and that has to do with what exactly ? 
  and when they burn their papers and say that the first country they entered was germany ; what then ? 
  sent them to purgatory or limbo ? 
  it really angers me that that article kept referring to those people as `` african-americans '' . 
  there 's nothing american about them !, 
  can you even economics ? 
  the italian art of overcharging ? 
  hardly . 
  though domestic production is good , it 's impossible to be fully and successfully independent of the global economy , especially the 2 strongest ones - the us and eu - and still experience modern positive growth .
