  furthermore there is discussion of * enlarging * the force to 3000 army personnel not at all removing temporary controls . 
  for czechia-austria it is not correct . 
  active border controls still occur for vehicles ( buses , trains etc ) entering the czech rep but to when entering austria . 
  the border line should be orange . 
  being trashy does not mean you need to be poor . 
  essex girls which are generally middle class are a good example of that . 
  all the money in the world ca n't buy good taste . 
  so get off your high horse . 
  not in russia it does n't !, 
  no , that was the death penalty . 
  it was outlawed in 2008 iirc . 
   here the workers can say `` pay us more , or all your customers will go to the competition '' . 
  which they could have done by announcing a strike in advance so the customers would plan accordingly . 
  thereby the company would lose money and its customers but the customers would not be impacted . 
  alienating your customers and making their lives difficult when they have no part in your hardships does not generally lead to them supporting you . 
  the `` chaos '' is being directed at exactly those who can do the least about their situation . 
  no , thank your ignorant friends for not even doing cursory research into something that impacts the human rights of thousands in your country . 
  pat them on the back for how crest they are for stomping on minorities because they ca n't be bothered to actually educate themselves . 
  if in a country of 100 million only 3 people vote and 2 of the 3 vote in one direction , is it democracy ? 
  yes they would . 
  the civil union law does not afford the couple next-of-kin status not does it give any spousal pension rights . 
  not to mention since it is only a law and not enshrined like marriage it can be relatively easily recriminalized since all that would be necessary is another superseding law and not a new constitution . 
  have you even read the article you cited ? 
  it 's under fire for skewing it 's sample sizes to pander to a preemptive conclusion . 
   i will show it to you once it happens , time will tell who is right . 
  so no evidence , no argument , no rational though at all . 
  and your back up is some ominous bullshit about a cloudy future ? 
  ** you have nt reason to believe that future will come as you ca n't even put together a coherent argument to support its creation ** . 
  and yet you can without a shadow of a doubt be sure of the correct outcome of this referendum ?!, 
  i ca n't even comprehend how much of a human failure you are and i dread the fact that there are certainly people in this world as ill-informed and rabidly disconnected from reality as you are . 
  if western civilization does indeed collapse , it will be due to people such as yourself that stand in the forefront . 
  first of all , that regulation stems from the secular values of the state requiring that employees of the state not publicly demonstrate their religious affiliation . 
  and and that government secularism is most certainly a european ideal . 
  you are very ignorant of everything are n't you , especially the issues most important to yourself . 
  it must be extremely liberating not having a brain bogged down with these things called `` facts '' and `` evidence '' . 
  feels before reals amirite ? 
  secondly , i 'll ask again since you deflected the first time ; show me any evidence at all of how gay rights demonstrably leads to sharia law . 
   nowadays you can see a lot more full-clothed women with burqas . 
  so in your opinion the state should regulate exactly how people should behave all the way down to their dress and their sexual relationships ? 
  for someone so afraid of sharia , it seems you would be at your happiest if you lived under it . 
   chinese quality of life is far from optimal . 
  and it is demonstrably better than it was 70 years ago . 
  and will continue to improve as china involves itself in the world , economy , politics , culture and all . 
   muslims sway to sharia first of all , lol . 
  not all muslims want sharia . 
  ask the citizens of turkey of bosnia or albania or bulgaria or tunis or morocco . 
   gay rights activists in turn become more active causing a chain reaction . 
  wtf are you talking about ?!, 
  you think once gay people get equality that theyll progressively try to impose homosexuality on everyone else ?!, 
  like they 'll become some gay ruling class ? 
  are you on drugs ?!, 
   look what happened in sweden with the gay rights parade through a muskim ( sic ) neighborhood . 
  you mean what the neo-nazi group proposed ? 
  the one that did n't happen because gays are not stupid enough to not be able to see that the neo-nazis were trying to use them as a tool against their `` other '' de jour ? 
  unlike you ? 
  north korea is an authoritarian totalist state . 
  they themselves do not just the ideology of communism as the basis of their legitimacy , instead using traditional korean juche . 
   what is the problem with agrarian life , yes life was hard you answered your own question . 
  modern societies with culture and knowledge exchange lead to better living standards for everyone , including comfort , increased lifespans and access to education . 
   also opposites work hand in hand as it has always been . 
  capitalism and ultranationalism - communism , gay rights - sharia . 
  what . 
  the . 
  are . 
  you . 
  talking . 
  about . 
  list any credible source that empirically demonstrates how gay rights will lead to sharia . 
  i 'll wait while you search ; it will take you some time . 
  i would n't say its coincidental since all the interactions and the setup for the robberies involved them masquerading as gay to lure their targets in . 
  i guess the hate crime aspect would be contingent on whether the motive for the robberies was to hurt gay men rather than it simply being th easiest way to steal cash . 
   look at any asian nation . 
  what about them . 
  china 's westernization lead to it becoming today 's second global superpower , when it was essentially only agrarian 70 years ago . 
  hong kong especially shows what westernization can do since it is even more developed than the mainland . 
  i do n't even need to mention what adopting western values did for japan and south korea . 
  nor the fact that indian independence was singularly the result of statement being educated at the top universities in europe . 
  in fact , the countries that turn away from globalization and remain insular are in the worst position , like north korea , yemen , uzbekistan ( especially compared to the slightly more democratic kazahkstan ) , kyrgystan , cambodia , brunei , etc. 
   i 'm also not arguing for any of them , both are bad in my opinion . 
  if you read the news you 'd see its already happening in belgium . 
  and the gays were responsible for increasing islamic radicalization ? 
  wtf , at least have a semblance of a coherent argument . 
  could it be argued though ? 
  since the robbers are specifically profiling gay men , not just robbing indiscriminately . 
   i am not talking about mundane things as cars . 
  it starts with cars and ends with the terminator . 
  - that 's called the slippery slope theory . 
  that is exactly the argument you are using when you say gay marriage will lead to the downfall of western society . 
   sharia law being integrated europe or gay rights . 
  wow . 
  you actually think sharia law will be de jure in europe ? 
  wow . 
  moreover , if you 're so afraid of that , one would think that you 'd welcome gay rights , since they are emblematic of western values trumping values such as sharia . 
  you 'd find more likeminded people in iran than france . 
  i am merely trying to understand why you hate gays so fervently to the point of raising generations of children to hate them irrationally . 
  since you yourself have not demonstrated any rational reason or not why aside from `` think of possible change in the far off future ! '', 
   if one then procceeds to integrate it into ones society you sacrifice everything you have worked for . 
  and what have * you * worked for . 
  slovenia and most of the balkans want the rest of europe to see them as modern countries capable of respecting their citizen 's rights to self determination and being stable centers of economy . 
  * they * want to be western .
