  same as in czech . 
  never referred to my friend as mi\u0161ko , only as m\u00ed\u0161a . 
  we also have my\u0161i\u010dka for tiny mice . 
  you forgot your / s, 
  yeah , look at all the sympathy lupus and syphilis had historically / s, 
  excuse you ? 
  the swampy regions of northern italy and of venice are well known as historical endemic places of malaria . 
  malaria was one of the main causes of death there , especially when venice was at its height . 
  malaria was also recognized by the ancient greeks as early as the 4th century bce as a cause for the depopulation of city states there . 
  one of the first medical encyclopedias * de materia medica * , was written by romans in the 1st century with redemies for malaria . 
  even the pope during the medieval ages issued decrees about the danger of rome in the summer months for pilgrims due to the disease . 
  and malaria was even the cause of some deaths in the medici family . 
   no you ca n't . 
  russian politics is completely different from ussr politics . 
  and french politics under the ancien regime are entirely different than under the 5th republic . 
  so was that state not france ? 
   you wo n't want to hurt germany a.k.a. 
  master of the eu feelings by saying they are still nazis . 
  first of all , great escalation to godwin 's law . 
  secondly , the nazi state most certainly was germany . 
  russia * was * the ussr and unfortunately many people today within that country continue to espouse the values of that incarnation of the nation . 
  moreover , you seem to be implying that the rsfsr was any better than the nominal federal structure of the ussr , ignoring the fact that it itself was the byproduct of administrative redistributions in 1922 . 
  but please , do tell me how the ussr was in no way dependent on the rsfsr considering it was the economic , political , demographic , and cultural basis of that entire union . 
  and once you do that , likewise explain to me how the current union state of russia and belarus are likewise not entirely russian in character and action , due to russia only being a constituent state of that union as the rsfsr was in the ussr . 
  russia is the successor state to the ussr . 
  that is why it maintains the ussr 's old position on the un security council , as well as all other treaties the ussr had signed . 
  therefore , especially in common conversation , you can say russia espouses the ussr and that which it stood for . 
  exactly . 
  besides , even in the argument of `` if you do n't make babies you 're unnatural '' then where are all the witch hunts for those who stay virgins all their life ? 
  the double standard gets even stupider . 
   does surrogacy get both genetics or only one ? 
  ( i actually do n't know ) yes the child gets both the biological fathers dna as well as the biological mother 's . 
   adoption is not the same , neither is infidelity wat ? 
  with adoption you already have the procreate done , and you raise the child , that 's the point . 
  infidelity is the same as surrogacy . 
   and not only is the science not there , but it would probably cost as a service , not at all the same thing as procreation . 
  are you from the past ? 
  modern pregnancy and procreation is completely dependent on science and specifically medicine . 
  science is what allows us to now have an infant mortality of < 0.5 % compared to the `` natural ''  20 % . 
  modern cesarean sections and pre-natal vitamins are the reason we have less birth defects , and children with larger heads ( and therefore brains ! ), 
  can be born . 
  medical biology is exactly why we know when is the best time to have sex ( when ovulation is ) to maximize opportunity to conceive . 
  science is exactly the reason why our population is what it is and it is exactly the mirror in which we understand procreation . 
  furthermore , it seems as if your entire argument is that homosexuality is not natural since the children raised in a homosexual couple are not their own ? 
  do you also believe that step parents are unnatural and should not be accepted by society ? 
  should step-parents be classified as mentally ill ? 
  furthermore , if the above was not sufficient to make you realize the stupidity in equating nature to raising your own progeny , look at swan mating practices ( where exclusive homosexual swans mate with females and then drive them away or steal the eggs of other heterosexual pairs ) which statistically show to be more beneficial to the egg than being raised in a heterosexual pairing as there is an empirically better chance of it reaching maturity . 
  indeed homosexuality actually improves the procreation of the species . 
   without either an egg and a sperm ? 
  who said anything about that ? 
  have you never heard of surrogacy ? 
  or adoption ? 
  or a drunk one-night stand ? 
  or the current advancements in medical science edging us closer to artificial uteri ? 
  thats beside the point . 
  there is a difference between sex and the gender roles prescribed for each sex just as there is a difference between sex and sexual orientation . 
  furthermore we classify the people in those cultures not as transsexual ( as obviously sex changes did not happen before the 20th century ) but as trans-gendered - adopting the gender roles not prescribes to you birth sex . 
  and the reason why they were able to adopt opposing gender roles was exactly due to existing societal norms that did not bar them from doing so . 
  you seem confused by the definitions of these terms as you keep using them interchangeably . 
  your analogy is completely off the mark first of all :  if a significant portion of humanity the scope of the analogy is the first point of contention . 
  no significant portion of humanity is exclusively homosexual . 
  in fact the levels of exclusive homosexuality that are apparent impact overall population trends infinitesimally . 
  on that point alone , your analogy fails due to its point being that humans who do not feel hunger like homosexuals would severly impact overall levels of procreation . 
  secondly  causes difficulties for the continuation of a species as i said before , homosexuals are perfectly capable of procreating . 
  it is in emotional relationships where they diverge from the norm . 
  ironically , it is exactly the legal recognition of these emotional relationships ( and therefore their capacity to raise families ) that is the issue in their procreation . 
  it it is not self inflicted . 
  it is often the case when confronted with opposing viewpoint people reaffirm their own personal biases . 
  i guess you just ca n't see beyond the looking glass , which is a shame . 
  i contradicted your argument with well known counterpoints and your reaction is to wrap it up into a neat package of `` typical feminist cherrypicking and revisionist history '' . 
  but that does n't surprise me . 
  proponents of your arguments are on the whole poorly informed and ignorant to comical extremes . 
   it 's like saying people with downs or dwarfism are separate races or species , not birth defects . 
  now you 're just babbling . 
  what does dwarfism and downs have to do with the classification of species and where should homosexuality be referenced in what can only be described as that juxtaposition of unrelated words ? 
   other than that one jungle tribe somewhere just because a society is more or less advanced does not imply it is more or less definable as a society . 
   what society does not have strict gender roles traditionally ? 
  traditionally ? 
  much of the ancient world had more lenient definitions of sex roles ( i.e. 
  the concept of women as imperfect men ) . 
  china , japan and india ( as well as pakistan ) all had variable positions on gender specific roles , as they intertwined with their respective religions . 
  modern examples are most visible with societies that recognize `` the third gender '' , such as thailand , the philippines and pakistan where hijiras continue to exist as a cultural norm . 
  sweden from the middle ages saw increased representation of its entire population due to its historical development and representation of even its peasantry in affairs of the state ( as well as far reaching previous pagan affiliations )  you people love bringing up as an argument . 
  because simple logic wherein you disable the opposing parties argument which relies on universality with a well known contradiction to that supposed universality is the simplest way to deal with that form of ignorance . 
   in biology that 's survival and reproduction , no idea why you assume from the start that homosexual individuals have to have siblings we can exactly assume since humans are organized into social groups . 
  therefore their kins will share their genetic material . 
  it would be another discussion entirely if humans were solitary creatures like pumas but we are not . 
  therefore ignoring social and biological realities such as the intended statistical probability of siblings ( due to being social pod ! ), 
  ludicrous , and if you do you 're effacing the empiricism on which you try to pose all your arguments - you ca n't pick and choose facts . 
   there 're such behaviors amongst the prime apes , but usually it 's just temporal and not a continuos `` orientation '' in fact , bonobos are entirely bisexual as a species , so your attempt at quantifying their behaviors is silly . 
  the kinsey report and subsequent studies shows that humans are also largely bisexual with serious preferences to either side of the scale ( especially evident as societal restrictions on homosexual attraction have been relaxed and new studies of youth in places such as america show much larger incidences [ near 50 % of people ] who do not identify as exclusively heterosexual ) . 
  furthermore , sexuality is in itself `` temporal '' as you call it , as prepubescents manifest no sexual feelings , and menopause like wise reduces libido considerably . 
  or are you implying that humans unlike other primates continuously have sex from birth to death ? 
   sometimes just a social behavior to determinate the hierarchy in tribe . 
  your point ? 
  this manifests itself in human societies as well ; have you never heard of mistresses to kings etc ? 
  or the amount of people who trade sexual favours just to advance their careers ? 
  stop trying to disassociate humans from the animal kingdom . 
  just because we created culture does not mean we are independent of our biologies . 
  the similar behavious of our closest living relatives unequivocal proves the nature of homosexuality and its purpose in our species , rendering talk about it being a `` mental disorder '' moot .
