  it merely proves your ignorance and your own offence for being called out on said ignorance . 
  they mainly live in homeless camps in the city 's brownfields . 
  places like bubny-holesovice or the karlin riverfront , or until recently the plzenska area in the historically industrial smichov quarter . 
  those are n't exactly high speed trains though . 
  the lines connecting prague to vienna and budapest dont go nearly fast enough to qualify iirc . 
  what 's a lancia ? 
  unfortunately the benefits are almost the same , with some key differences and shortcomings , namely adoption and some pensions and state legal protections . 
  and any people are convinced the earth is 6000 years old . 
   '' ... , may decide to suspend certain of the rights deriving from the application of the treaties to the member state in question , including the voting rights ... '' voting rights are not the sole privilege affected by that scenario . 
  they could deliberate further sanction after the breach is identified . 
  of course the cbg does the printing , the ecb is a mainly regulatory organ to ensure the euro does n't spiral out of control . 
  that said , it is the ecb that gives legitimacy to the euros out in circulation . 
  should the gcb print without the ecb 's authorization , the bills they print become illegitimate forgeries that can not be differentiated from legitimate euros , which is where the crux of the problem lies . 
  under article 16 of its statute , which the gcb is obligated to follow , the ecb has exclusive right to authorise the issuance of euro banknotes ( unlike coins ) . 
  greece would be violating this and the money would be counterfeit . 
  no , it does n't . 
  people keep repeating it as if its a given but its not . 
  the eu requires unanimity ( excluding the country concerned ) on identifying a breach to their treaties . 
  only after the breach is identified are the member states allowed to discuss what that entails . 
  then , a qualified majority of 4/5 of the member states vote on implementing sanctions , suspending rights/membership etc. 
  [ please read the up on eu voting procedure before commenting about it . 
  ] ( https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/consolidated_version_of_the_treaty_on_european_union/title_i:_common_provisions#article_7 ) and since the ecb did n't authorize them , they * would * be counterfeit . 
  if you stole a printing press from the mint and started to print your own bills , you would still be tried for counterfeiting . 
  the fact that the printing is not authorized * makes * it counterfeit . 
  `` the reverse midas touch '', 
  the 10x number was illustrative of the magnitude . 
  perhaps defaulting immediately would have been more beneficial to greece then than now , but you are ignoring the gravity of the eurozone crisis in 2009-10 and the domino effect it would have had on other euro members . 
  additionally , that whataboutism has no value to us today , greece has real problems that it must solve with the tools it has today , not five years ago . 
  unless you 're trying to once again divert blame for greece 's economic insolvency to some other entity * yet again * . 
   protect the banks from losses at the expense of greek people . 
  lol . 
  how edgy of you . 
  unlike most other countries hit by the great recession , this was n't something caused by the banks gleefully lending to whomever . 
  this was caused by decades of the greek state loaning from its own banks . 
  furthermore , the banks are n't a sovereign nation capable of forcing their own demands , they have to appeal to their states to do so . 
  they are a creditor to the greek debt apparatus just like all the other creditors , with the difference that if greece defaults they wont be able to do anything about it unlike other countries ( since they 'll be insolvent and nationalized ) . 
  and af for the expense of the greek people ? 
  that 's how the world works : the government takes out loans to improve infrastructure , incentivize economy etc. 
  ( in greece 's case to cover up the hole in the deficit due to their extremely bloated bureaucracy-pensions-taxevation problem ) and then will pay the loans back with either taxes or tariffs , surprise ! , coming from the greek people , who enjoyed the benefits of the loans in some way ( like not being hounded by tax collectors for not paying taxes etc. ) . 
  you 're an idiot if you think letting the banks fail is the sensible option , since you 're essentially advocating for the state to lose any credit it could possibly ever muster not to mention advocating for most people to lose their life savings ( since lol who is going to guarantee their accounts if the regulator , the greek state , is out of money ? ) . 
  stop trying to yet * again * shift blame of this to some evil other . 
  the banks did n't cause this mess , and they are going to be integral to greece 's credit recovery . 
  engorged pensions were and continue to be a major problem to greece 's recovery . 
  no one is saying that they are the sole cause of greece 's economic problems , but that they are a contributing factor along with tax evasion and disability etc. 
  if anyone actually believed pensions were the * only * problem , * only * they would be affected by the austerity measures . 
  they were not . 
  greece is a country in serious economic , political and social peril . 
  it needs all the opportunities it can get to recover . 
  the pensions are one of the many things that must be reformed regardless of the current or near future ( next 20 years ) landscape and trying to mitigate blame away from them when they are one of the more serious issues is not only disingenuous and futile , it is puerile and indicative that the greeks do n't actually care about their mind boggling debt and ways to bring it under control . 
  wow . 
  this comment . 
  the stupidity dumbfounds me . 
  unemployment confounds this situation because there are exactly less people paying for these pensions , comparatively getting sucked dry by them from the strain of supporting such an oversized system . 
  not to mention collective taxation for pensions is less individually visible when distributed through 52 % of germany 's 80 million people than through 53 % of greece 's 11 million people . 
  especially when pension expenditure per beneficiary is similar between the two countries . 
  unless you think german pensioners are extremely underpaid ? 
  that is true , however , like i said , greece 's pension system is already too large and generous given its population ( ratio working age to pensioner ) , industry ( nonexistant exports and uncertain tourism ) , and laws ( very early retirement age , differences between priavte and public sector , and taxation a sa whole ) . 
  simply put , greece has a pension system one would expect from an economically strong country with a relatively large working population and diversified export industry like france spain or germany , without any of the prerequisites to keep it in place . 
  in order to recover from its current economic woes , as well as have a resolute economic basis for future growth and stability , greece needs to shrink its pension system and pay and fall into the norms of economically and demographically similar countries like the czech republic or hungary or portugal . 
  otherwise , the same exact situation will repeat itself in 40 years and then again , and then again . 
  the greeks need to realize that to live like a western european , you must have a western european economy , which it does not and never will if it wo n't take the steps necessary to implement it . 
  no , they started to . 
  cutting your expenditures by x when you are spending 10x does n't make your prognosis significantly better . 
  greece needs a complete overhaul of its welfare and taxation system , and that includes pensions . 
  compared to greece 's true economic situation , even pre-2009 , their welfare system is way too developed . 
  and noone is willing to admit to themselves that these pensions should have never been that large in the first place and that if true progress is to be done , [ either the greek economy must develop itself to the level of france and germany , or the pensioners must live on smaller payments similar to the weaker countries in the eu , like cz or hu ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:total_pension_expenditure_per_beneficiary_for_old-age_pensions,_eu-28,_2012_%28in_euro_and_pps%29.png ) . 
  but of course , greece is * always * the victim of the big bad eu , not at * all * of its own mismanagement and its people who kept that system in place . 
  well we are seeing what happens when you do n't now , are n't we ? 
  except now people wo n't be able to pay for anything because of a worthless currency instead of a lack of currency . 
  and spending more to stimulate the economy is a good short-term tactic to rebound the economy , but hardly so when your economy can not handle any more debt . 
  austerity is a better long-term solution than accumulating yet * more * debt when your entire economic woes rest upon the fact that you have insurmountable debt . 
  is asking people to live at a level they could afford really so much to ask , rather than like relative kings when they are paupers ? 
  only an idiot in denial would not be able to understand that . 
  it does n't . 
  [ unimanity is required to identify the breach , with a qualified majority doing the rest ] ( https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/consolidated_version_of_the_treaty_on_european_union/title_i:_common_provisions#article_7 ) . 
  look at the wording of the text ; consideration of the effects of sanctions etc. 
  are done by member states only after the breach is identified , which would make cyprus ' position on the matter less concrete . 
  the primary oppositions to further loans was the condition of further austerity ; which would include the vastly overfunded pensions . 
  the pensioners obviously do not want to lose their pensions so they would vote against measures of austerity . 
  however , should greece default and lose the euro as a viable currency due to the refusal to install that austerity , all those pensions will be forcibly converted to the new currency , the drachma , and immediately lose almost all their value , amounting tot he same thing but in a worse overall position . 
  you have a very simple and wrong view on the immensely complicated nature of politics and its union with economics . 
  no it does n't . 
  the suspension proceedings need a qualified majority , specifically 4/5 of the member states . 
  even without cyprus ' support a vote for suspension would go through . 
  i think hes talking about spanish exports , like cars and medicine and fruit . 
  2 ) is similar to the english awful . 
  it is composed and originally meant awe + full -  full of awe , something very positive . 
  this shifted though to the current meaning of exceptionally bad . 
  idk , i book my hotels 2 weeks before , max . 
  once i booked a hotel on my way to the airport . 
  no milk eh ? 
  explain frappuccinos then !, 
  the slippery slope is a tired argument that has no basis . 
  furthermore animals can not give consent , and sodomy is an extremely nebulous term . 
  i take it you also wish for oral sex to be outlawed , as well as any sex , anal or vaginal that is done without the express intention to procreate children for god ? 
  because that 's what sodomy is . 
  and any society that cares deeply about what its members do consensually in the privacy of their domiciles , can not claim to be advanced or healthy . 
  my comment did n't was referring to legal entrenchment of the church ( since , obviously poland does n't have governmental positions reserved for the clergy ) , but rather that its citizens are so willing to follow the authority of one country in their political dealings , when they so hated and rose up against the same exact thing when the country that controlled them was the ussr . 
  please do n't turn into the reichtangle : o, 
  it was n't .
