  they would necessarily land in italy or france or spain and then be distributed throughout europe . 
  therefore the infux of african migrants would not be affected by czechia 's acceptance quotas since they arent the county that is the primary first stop for these migrants . 
  its not heartlessness , but a simple real world application of the trolley problem . 
  if you accept large swathes of migrants today , you are necessarily destroying your options to help the countries that they are fleeing for . 
  this of course exacerbates the problem rather than solving it . 
  accepting the migrants is not a long term solution and you even concede it is n't one . 
  but then how is this problem solved ? 
  accepting these people wont solve the root of this problem . 
  yet you do n't link to credible information, 
  they most certainly did not view the soviets as allies . 
  right from its inception the soviet union was at war with poland in the polish-soviet war . 
  not to mention that few countries had formal diplomatic relations or even recognized the soviet union as a legitimate state until the mid 1930s . 
  their relationship was not good at all , especially considering the soviets saw poland as lebensraum to spread communist ideals and recover previous russian land lost . 
  you are deluding yourself . 
  classic zeman , making a show to bridge the gap between both the eu and russia while primarily trying to play favourites on each side . 
  the president does not have significant influence in politics at all . 
  the last time he did was in the first republic ( and it was still in an unofficial capacity ) . 
  his only political power is vetoing bills that can then be passed through the parliament anyway without his approval . 
  his primary raison d'etre is to serve as the country 's face to the world and go to diplomatic parties and parades , just like your queen . 
  in fact until 2 years ago , the president was not elected either , making the comparison to your queen even more valid . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  that would make it confusing for other people who see ch and automatically think its pronounced like the ch in `` ich '' . 
  plus , the only time you ever see cz in a word in english you should know it 's of polish origin and therefore is pronounced like `` ch '' , the same way you know that the `` ti '' in caution is pronounced like `` sh '' . 
  we actually do pronounce japan that way . 
  our word for japan is derived from the chinese pronunciation of the word nippon . 
  our pronunciation of the word china is due to the onetime influence of the westernmost kingdom in the chinese region , the qin ( pronounced chin ) . 
  zongguo just means middle nation and does n't reflect the ethnicity of those living there . 
  so yes , the names we call people from different countries is derived from what they called themselves . 
  by your logic czechia is not a problem either since `` we 're talking about a name , an arbitrary arrangement of phonemes assigned to an idea '' which means any word created would be valid to use , which means you can not say czechia is not a good name . 
  furthermore however , country names are not subject to these rules . 
  as a nation state , the name of the country derives from the people who live there . 
  that is why france was inhabited by franks , england by the english , kazahkstan by the kazahks . 
  so the czech republic is inhabited by czechs . 
  transform that name into a shortened noun and you have czechia , just like croatia , slovakia , slovenia , russia , romania , bulgaria , etc. 
   czechia , though , is genuinely difficult to say . 
  sure , if you have a terrible stutter or cerebral palsy . 
  as far as words go it is very simple to pronounce : che ( as in the argentine revolutionary ) + kia ( as in the south korean car company ) . 
  was that so hard ? 
   engish would have adopted it by now the reason why it has n't been adopted is because people still use czechoslovakia when referring to the country , how ever often that is . 
  its not exactly as relevant as a superpower like the usa . 
   czeska is good , czechy is alright , even czesko would be acceptable those are all your extremely subjective opinions and have no bearing on czechia as an acceptable term or not . 
  moreover , the people and/or official representation of the country itself have expressed their wish for the international community to use czechia . 
  how would you react to everyone calling you country kannuckistan even if your country uses canada in its official correspondence ? 
  after all , many countries end in - stan just like many countries end in o. 
   people do n't use czechoslovakia to refer to the czech republic . 
  that 's not a thing . 
  there are old people that forget that the czechoslovakia does n't exist , but that 's a different mistake . 
  lol . 
  people most certainly do use that term , including people in their early and mid 20s . 
  i should know , i interact with them on a day to day basis . 
  not everyone is good at geography and even fewer people take the time to correct themselves once they hear misinformation . 
   pps the french ` tchequie ' is pronounced like czechy . 
  i 'm guessing you either do n't know how tchequie is pronounced or how czechy is pronounced . 
  tchequie ends in a hard `` kee '' sound as in the word key . 
  czechy ends in a soft ch sound like in the german word `` ich '' proceeded by the short `` i '' sound as in the word `` it '' . 
  and yet people continue to use slovakia and slovenia . 
  besides , its the caucus 's fault that they have similar sounding names to other places . 
  just look at caucasian iberia and albania . 
  czeska and czechy do not adequately convey the idea they represent . 
  ceska is grammatically incorrect , in both languages and czechy refers only to the westernmost crownland of the country . 
  czechia conforms to pre-established conventions in naming countries and has exactly the same origins as bohemia , just with a slavic base word instead of germanic . 
  not to mention most other languages already commonly use the czechia variant such as french = tchequie , spanish = chequia , german = tschechien , italian = cechia , turkish = \u00c7ekya , even indonesian = cekia so basically everyone likes czechia , english is just being an outdated dick about it by continually colloquially using czechoslovakia . 
  no , czechia is a valid term . 
  it was pushed by the czech government in the early 90s as an alternative to the longer czech republic , but unfortunately it did n't catch on and people continued to refer to the country incorrectly as czechoslovakia . 
  calling it bohemia is exactly the same vein of logic as calling it czechia . 
  bohemia derives from the german word for the inhabitants of the country while czechia derives from a polish ( slavic ) transliteration ( since not all languages contain czech letters ) . 
  not to mention most people today associate the name bohemia only with the westernmost crownland and not the smaller lands of moravia and czech silesia , which confounding when discussing the country . 
  therefore it is preferable to use the term czechia when referring to the modern nation state that encompasses the czech speaking part of the defunct czechoslovak republic as it it both concise and easily interpreted . 
  1812 never forget !, 
  hon hon hon !, 
  * i agree wholeheartedly !, 
  but then again , he did kill the guy who killed hitler . 
  yeah , beer normally costs 15 . - to 35 , - kc which is 0.5 to 1.5 eur, 
   regardless of if they practice safe sex the high risk category of msm are exactly the ones who do not use protection . 
  gay monogamous relationships and ones that always use protection have the same incidence levels of the general population . 
   ban a few thousand , tens of thousands of people and you get rid of literally most of the hiv risk . 
  and yet hiv blood transfers still happen , showing the shortcomings of this current policy . 
  women who had sex with at risk msm pose one of the largest risks now , but there is n't much of a push to substantially crack down on this population . 
  a blanket ban like this just shows society 's continuous ignorance when it comes to these diseases . 
  msm are by far the highest risk group and many of them too have sex with women ( likely also without protection ) . 
  these women are somewhat included in some blood bans but not at all regularly because of the likelyhood of them knowing their partners previous sexual history . 
  this however does n't reduce the fact that the one of the highest risk group of people for causing hiv blood transfers are these women . 
  his point was that hiv transmission is elevated due to the nature of receptive anal sex . 
  both sexes can have anal sex and those are the ones at a higher risk of acquiring hiv from their penetrative partner . 
  the other way is around is much less likely . 
  this does n't shed light on the entire issue . 
  men who have sex with men ( msm ) do n't all identify as gay . 
  in fact many refuse the label for fear of social rejection . 
  this state of mind also reflects on their larger risky behaviour ( i.e. 
  `` only gays can get xyz , but i 'm not * actually * gay , i just fuck men . '' ) . 
  furthermore the virus is detectable from antibodies in a span of 2 weeks thanks to advances in medical technology . 
  i have no idea where you 're getting your 6 months number , since the previous industry standard was about 3 months . 
  lastly , on the point of economics , do you realize the incidence rates of other blood diseases ? 
  in the us , poor , black people are more likely to be affected by disease , should be issue a blanket ban on all black donations ? 
  after all they , too make up a relatively small minority of the population . 
  not to mention the discrepancies in the fact that by far world hiv infection rates are largely propagated by heterosexual couplings . 
  since immigration to the us is impossible if you are diagnosed with hiv , should we issue blanket bans on immigration to people from africa , where this disease spreads most virulently ? 
  and yet blanket bans for donations do not affect them even though they are more at risk than other groups of people . 
  do you realize that this blood ban intentionally generalizes one substantial minority , regardless of the safe , healthy individuals it makes up and who are willing to help other with their potentially rare blood specimens ? 
  or do you not care because you 're not part of that minority ?
