  as was i. 
  you mentioned political stability that came * years * after stalin was dead as an example of russia maintaining political stability . 
  i pointed out that the years of instability that followed his death were severely tumultuous and only ended positively because another stongman of the political apparatus was able to assume power and remove his enemies . 
  this will be difficult to replicate after putin , considering he has his political rivals removed or assassinated before they can work through the party apparatus . 
  therefore , after putin , the political landscape of russia will be even more bleak , just as it was in the 90s , which is the point u/williampz was making about the lack of stability and its detrimental affect on the people and culture . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  do you think anyone was planning or dared to conceive the destalinization period before stalin 's demise ? 
  the sheer amount of rehabilitation and complete 180 from the gulag system which was achieved in such an ad-hoc manner , that the soviet congress was still in shock at khrushchev 's denouncement of stalinism years after his death . 
  the entire period was an uproar which was only stabilized by khrushchev 's keen political machinations that overthrew both malenkov ( the original supposed successor ) and beria ( who was arrested , tried in secret and executed on khrushchev 's orders ) . 
  manpads and tows are in entirely different classes . 
  its comparing apples to oranges, 
   they know not to play music late at night and they certainly do n't urinate in the street like the eastern europeans . 
  so in british culture , this is a known taboo ? 
  then i guess all those stag party lads in prague are n't british after all ; just cunning usurpers . 
  stop pretending the common folk of britain is any more cultured than eastern europe : a quick trip to the midlands or essex would dispell any such myth . 
   in 1000 years , britain never had much contact with the urine-culture of the slavs , like the aztecs developing the zero independently of the hindus , the brits have managed to develop an independent pissing culture of their own , going so far to enshrine it in their culture as naming city streets after the act [ ( pissing alley ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gropecunt_lane ) . 
  as far as i know , no slavic culture `` developed '' to that extent . 
  and as for dictators and religiousness , i think you might be forgetting one of the most famous dictators in history ? 
  a certain lord protector oliver cromwell ? 
  not to mention the puritan movement itself , or victorian religiousness that transformed the world with its `` good christian morals '' inserted in every legal codex from the bahamas to british columbia ? 
  i hope its sooner rather than later . 
  god knows you brits want to have your cake and eat it too in terms of freedom of movement . 
  at least those brits in czechia are n't derided , but i guess decency is a cultural variable is n't it ? 
  it 's abstracted . 
  same as people of cripple sounds more foreign than crippled people . 
  wasted money on salaries for redundant teachers is also a point of contention . 
   you would be right ( but you are n't )  religion in general which is older than any existing state in history . 
  those are some seriously bold claims you 've got there . 
  care to back up your knowledge of the complex workings of pre-historic anthropology and the emergence of religion before society with some sources ? 
  or are you content to pass uninformed speculation as fact ? 
  after all , a single example of society without religion would destroy your argument . 
  germany losing its possessions east of the oder to poland , czechoslovakia losing carpathian ruthenia to ussr , finland losing karelia to ussr , [ czech republic and poland deciding to cede territory over a border dispute ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/czechrepublic/11452364/czech-republic-to-hand-over-900-acres-of-territory-to-poland-in-border-dispute.html ) unlike [ serbia and croatia ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/croatia\u2013serbia_border_dispute ) , or if we focus on just the balkans region , the fact that serbia has already lost the de jure territory of montenegro without much fanfare . 
  this without mentioning at all the independence movements of multiple nation at the start of last century that significantly reduced the dejure territories of russia , austria , hungary and turkey , all of which never were able to recoup those territories permanently . 
  eh , he 's doing less . 
  at least those popes were actively doing something , even if it was negative ... 
  would that mean that if a user posted a pirate link but either removed certain aspects of it or added superfluous characters , thereby not making it a viable direct link , they would be protected ? 
  or otherwise link to a screenshot or other destination that does n't directly access the illegal content ? 
  100 % of th epeople there are dead . 
  the only possible exception would be [ emma morano ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/emma_morano ) , who was born in piedmont in november 1899 . 
  but the probability that her lower middle class family would travel to germany when she was less than a year old is 0 . 
   yes , they are . 
  in a symbolic way . 
  like smoke is a symbol for fire . 
  symbols in a symbolic way ? 
  you 're getting tautological . 
  moreover , smoke is the product of fire not a symbol of it . 
  a symbol is an object or concept that abstracts to represent another idea . 
  burqas are a symbol of the concept modesty as interpreted by strict salafism and their destruction is a symbol of the rejection of that salafist ideology . 
  an insignia can eb a symbol but does not need to be ; if it is not it 's a logo . 
  however , the nazi swastika is both as it carries through its use the idea of white supremacy etc. 
  the burqa by itself is a piece of clothing . 
  however , it also carries with it the symbolism of oppression and salafist ideals . 
   you 're free to use swastikas in a religious context . 
  so you have no issue of restricting usage of symbols to specific sectors of life . 
  which is great ; you 'd agree with a total ban on all religious symbols in the public sphere outside of places of worship ? 
   if there 's evidence for anti-constitutional activites , a case can be made . 
  if that 's what is necessary [ then here you go ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/terrorism-in-the-uk/10438195/the-runaway-terrorist-his-burka-disguise-and-a-compensation-bid.html ) . 
  the burqa as a means of shielding identity has already been used in europe by terrorist and terror suspects to elude police and security forces . 
  it presents a blatant threat to a countries security . 
  moreover , people who would wear balaclavas in public are immediately interpreted as dangerous as they are willfully masking their identities , why should people in burqas be exempt ? 
  in a broader sense , salafism is growing in germany . 
  the current only true protection it has is its classification as an expression of religion . 
  however , as violence against the government grows , and it is growing , specifically from those circles , where members of such institutions loudly proclaim the necessity of infiltrating government , the true question is how long will germany ( and europe in general ) allow the classification of salafism as a religion to continue . 
  as we already know , germany has previously refused to recognize certain religious organizations ( such as scientology for instance ) often regarding them as cults . 
  in terms of subversion of the liberal-democratic order , the case is already mounting from the number of salafist actors , nurtured by their respective places of congregation in germany , who have joined and fight exactly for those goals in the near east . 
  is germany fine with that sort of militancy as long as it affects the democracy of other countries and not its own ? 
   your best guess would be to somehow argue that a burqa violates the dignity of its wearer or their right to free self-development . 
  that would be if we see the burqa only as a symbol of women 's oppression . 
  but people 's issues with it are far greater , specifically the above mentioned security issues . 
  it it were an argument based on violation of dignity , the hijab would similarly be targeted , but it is not and as far as i know not many people take issue with it . 
   burqas are n't a symbol of the is they are a symbol of daesh , as daesh enforced their use and made it legally mandated , especially against the will of the people they occupied , similarly with the use of their flag . 
  * however * they are not an exclusive symbol of that regime . 
  this however is obviously not a potential problem for germany , as they had no problem banning the swastika which * also * is not an exclusive symbol of nazism . 
   salafism is not an organization it is an ideological movement . 
  nazism likewise was not just a political organization , but an ideological movement . 
  its symbols likewise were not ( and currently are not ) limited to the use of representing the specific nsdap political organization , by * mainly * the ideology behind it . 
   it is a bit too easy , i 'm afraid . 
  for a country that has already had a history of banning free expression , i can not see why there should be qualms about it now , unless there is a counter-push to legalize the swastika again . 
   but a burqa is n't a symbol of an anti-constitutional organisation . 
  it however can be . 
  proclaim it a symbol of salafism ( [ which it is ] ( https://islamqa.info/en/21536 ) ) and it can effectively be curtailed , just as the swastika . 
  and as you said , the daesh flag is a forbidden symbol in germany . 
  burqas are a symbol of that regime , to the point that their burning post-liberation is viewed [ as a symbol of freedom from oppression ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/islamic-state-syrian-women-burn-burqas-burkas-in-celebration-after-being-freed-from-isis-manbij-sdf-a7173671.html ) . 
  it is not hard to institute that logic there as well , especially since the burqa should not fall under religious exemption , as it is not required by the quran . 
  is n't the discussion exactly about how banning the symbols of that ideology , make the situation worse ? 
  and considering the swastika arm band and skull-and-bones pendants were integral to the costumes they adorned ( as the costumes were designed to exude the wearers status in the reich ) removing them likewise fundamentally changes the meaning of the costume . 
  and as we know well , banning those symbols in germany and other central european countries has not made that ideology disappear , though it has kept it tiny . 
   no swastikas and stuff , of course . 
  so they should n't wear nazi clothing ? 
  make up your mind . 
  this is hilarious . 
  they cite the strict immigration policy of around 100 permits per year . 
  for a country of 37000 that would be a ratio of around 0.003 . 
  applying the same ratio to the uk , there should be 195000 residency visas issued per year . 
  considering that [ the uk in 2014 issued about 570,000 visas ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:total_number_of_first_residence_permits_issued_by_reason,_in_2014_v1.png ) , it seems hilarious that * this * is the deal they would seek , considering lichtenstein also lacks a strong competitive economy which would necessitate higher visa quotas . 
  effectively it seems the deal they seek is the status quo , or a less competitive economy . 
  then ukraine , romania , and georgia should also be red and the balkans should be white ... 
  greece blocking their further integration into the european community ( like nato ), 
  i find it funny the butt-hurt belt does n't include serbia or macedonia !, 
  its nice to see slovenes are no longer butthurt about italy but what the hell is happening in istria,
