  although i agree with you , you 're forgetting the importance of art ( which is indeed represented in a form by fashion ) on humanity and culture . 
  poverty is an awful societal problem but to say that these so called `` vanity items '' should not exist serves only to destroy cultural identity . 
  the bonfire of vanities is a good example of extremist reaction to concentration of wealth , but its effects on redistribution of wealth are infinitesimal . 
  the only reason why cyril and methodius came to christianize the slavs was due to rastislav 's request . 
  the franks were embarking on conquests nominally in the name of god ( deus veult ) against the pagans of pomerania and eastern europe . 
  as a result , to repel these frankish invasions by destroying justification for the wars , and further frankish political meddling with their own missionaries , he contacted emperor maximilian in the eastern roman empire to convert his people . 
  this was extremely successful , and achieved exactly what he wanted , until he was usurped by his nephew and delivered to louis the german . 
  both times the biological mother either ca n't or does n't want to raise her offspring , no ? 
  i know what per capita means ; you just do n't realize your statistic does n't apply tot he us . 
  the us is the leader in population outright not per capita . 
   you see , that 's the thing , you 're comparing us with china and india . 
  that proves that some human rights are so endangered in us , that are on the level of countries very well known of oppressing it 's citizens . 
  you w0t ?!, 
  i compared these countries in the respect that us is third in world population , behind china and india . 
  population size has little bearing on human rights . 
  moreover , [ the us is one of the freest nations on the planet ] ( https://freedomhouse.org/report-types/freedom-world#.vtaozcgedry ) and affords its citizens a vast plurality of civil liberties on the whole . 
  go read a book . 
  ethnically perhaps , but certainly not diplomatically . 
  the sanctions started with crimea 's absorbtion into russia and were intensifies after the incursions into the donetsk region . 
  its not a statistical error . 
  the us does however have the highest prison population in the world outright . 
  but its also the third most populous country and china is known to liberally use the death penalty and fudge its statistics , while india has a chronically underfunded justice system . 
  i was referring to japan in the period of the meiji restoration , since post war japan already had extremely industrialized infrastructure ( highways , railroad lines , electric lines , powerpland and water infrastructure , as well as a modern legal system , currency and intelligentsia . ), 
  persia/iran is not an arabic country , and its first industrialization pushed happened in the interwar period through liberalized economical reforms , not nationalization . 
  oil speculation by uk and french investors also helped develop communication infrastructure . 
  the western sanctions stem mainly from the instability in the country ( for example , trade with saudi arabia and morrocco remains strong , despite the oppressive nature of their governments ) and serve more as a protection clause than a punishment . 
  take for instance private multi-national corporations that operated for decades and were suddenly nationalized . 
  this creates extreme risk for further investment as no one is sure whether investing will be profitable as their property can be stolen without so much as a complaint . 
  then of course you have these entities wanted the support of their respective governments to denounce the seizure of their property , as well as protect themselves from other rivals making artificial gains . 
  personally i 'm against nationalizing industries since it always results in a reduced efficiency , lack of competition ( which means above market prices and slowing innovation ) and sets terrible economic precedent . 
  the issue with creating these type exclusive trade zones is that they 're politically motivated rather than economically . 
  in the long run its not advantageous to snub certain nations ( wheteher directly or indirectly ) , and doing such quid-pro quo dealings rarely support innovation , often devolving into example soft or hard power at the detriment to the trading nation 's citizens . 
  see the effects of [ comecom ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comecon#ineffective_production ) . 
  this ultimately emans that the nations involved in these bubbles lose market edge , and the result is what we have now , depressed economies . 
  globalization ensures that successful economies arise from extremely interconnected nations . 
  the result is that economically strong nations can dictate more than nations in a weaker position , but if said nations grow stronger , they can demonstrate more soft power themselves , just like the shift in trade flow between the us in south america , where brazil is increasingly able to dictate more terms on its neighbors . 
  although i agree with most of your points , i would like to point out that japan , post-war china and korea , as well as persia/iran also achieved rapid industrialization , and although it primarily depended on governmental support , foreign investiture was also extremely beneficial . 
  in the context of africa , it needs import substitution industrialization since the foreign aid at this point is drowning local markets . 
  a popular revolution would n't help the people unless it lead to liberal open governments with free trade policies . 
  in a globalizing world , being isolated from the global market ( either self imposed or by sanction ) is a deathknell for development . 
  unfortunately , any time revolutions happen , it creates a power vacuum left by the predecessor which allows for easy replacement with yet another dictator . 
  africa can not grow until it proves to be able to sustain stability and reduces corruption . 
  yeah , the 1/15 with over half the entire population and over 60 % of the gdp of the former soviet union . 
  sorry , i assumed you meant payment for work done . 
  on the other hand it defeats the purpose of welfare if the payments are so low that they are unable to find employment and support themselves ( like the time they need to learn the language and ingrain into communities ), 
  advocating slavery or quasi-slavery probably wont benefit a people coming from countries with slavery or quasi-slavery . 
  it was entirely a large factor ; the slave networks and slave economy was already extremely robust in africa , and moreover it was extremely lucrative . 
  the arrival of the european only caused the trade to become larger ( with more conquests of neighboring tribes and kingdoms to enslave their population and feed the demand ) . 
  the market already existed and it was booming ; the europeans just made it more lucrative ( with their exchanges of weaponry that facilitated yet more territorial conquest ) honestly everyone was guilty ; the african guilt is just more ignored due to the imperialism of the late 19th century , but that does n't diminish the role those kingdoms , slavers , and economies had on the development of modern history . 
  you 're forgetting european serfs and the nobles they literally `` belonged '' to . 
  serfdom would n't be abolished in most european countries until the 18th and 19th centuries and even then , the remnants like workhouses and roboty were common into the 20th century . 
  slavery , however you call it is a human tradition and existed ( and continues to exist ) in all world societies . 
  well france * did * technically colonize it first ... :d, 
  if you believe the original settlers from the 1770s are still alive , then you 're either an idiot or completely disconnected from reality . 
  1 . last time argentina did something about it , it caused a war 2 . it was a joke , not a jingoistic ernst junger novel . 
  the difference is one being paratroopers and the other was intercontinental nuclear missiles with a range that included most of america 's densest cities , including the capital . 
  what has happened in the past 20 years that changed the political and military landscape so much ? 
  you talking out of your ass ? 
  lol . 
  public opinion did not stop vietnam , if it did the war would have ended years earlier . 
  it ended because of the acceptance of the unfeasibility of the south vietnamese state . 
  also , if you ever picked up a newspaper , you 'd know america is leading the intervention in syria . 
  did you just call the ex warsaw pact countries soviet ?!, 
  have you never read a book ?!, 
  those consequences were exactly the deterrent the memo relied on for maintaining ukraine 's sovereign integrity . 
  try again , chamberlain . 
  it is deceitful if you try to maintain a guise of neutrality after the fact . 
  thinking that it would be ww3 is hyperbole . 
  that comment brings nothing to the discussion . 
  wdm is a good defense . 
  and do you not read my comments at all ? 
  saudi arabia does n't aspire to the its own development since it already has its protection . 
  if however the us would abandon it its logical to assume that they should find protection , preferable one they could guarantee themselves . 
  who will maintain india and israel 's defense ? 
  especially since both pakistan and china claim indian land . 
  good luck with your delusions . 
  as long as the knowledge of that technology exists there is always the chance of nuclear destruction , just as there is the chance of great human advancement . 
  try to live in the real world . 
  whats stopping the nuclear nations now ? 
  exactly nothing in reality . 
  whats stopping them is retaliation from other nations . 
  so nothing would change . 
  every country would be their own guarantor . 
   inspite of the budapest memorandum . 
  so you agree that the signatories failed to fulfill their promise of protection to ukraine . 
  it does not . 
  the population does n't decide the course of the nation , its administration and government does . 
  the us had engaged in many unpopular wars and never once has civil dissent stopped it . 
  take off your rose-tinted spectacles and see how diplomacy is actually done . 
   those states compared to russia do n't levy the same response from the west . 
  that has no bearing on the previous point you tried to make . 
   what i was trying to say was that times have changed , the memorandum was signed for the explicit purpose of being a safeguard if times had changed . 
  that is literally the single most important reason for its signing . 
  so once again , what the hell are you trying to say ? 
   no that 's the sensible man 's way to wage war . 
  as i have previously stated there is no appetite for war . 
  also lend-lease saved the uk during wwii . 
  no it ; s not . 
  its is a proxy war in effect where a country tries to play both sides while publicly keeping its hands clean and cares not about sacrificing the lives of peoples it has made promises to just as long as it does n't feel burdened . 
  it it deceitful and cowardly behavior and completely undermines the spirit of alliances and defense guarantees .
