  what happens when , all of ukraine 's soldiers are killed ? 
  does the uk throw up its hands and say we did the best we could ? 
  or does it finally deploy its own aid after sacrificing so many in a needlessly protracted battle ? 
   so iran , north korea , syria , saudi arabia , sudan and the drc should get wmd in your world , if they ca n't back on wmd wielding countries ? 
   do n't be too hyperbolic now . 
  my statement is hardly hyperbolic as it an extrapolation of an act that had already numerously happened and has already happened half-way . 
  if irrevocable proof of russian military appears and the uk does not declare in support of ukraine then it will come full-circle . 
  you on the other hand chose all the most extreme examples of world nations , in order to try the reducto ad absurdum argument ( and you also chose bad examples ) . 
  unfortunately some of those countries are not even signatories of the non nuclear proliferation treaty so they are not applicable in this situation at all . 
  other are comfortable in the us 's guarantee of protection ( like saudi arabia ) . 
  i find it funny you have no issue with india or israel considering their neighbor relations and their nuclear capabilities . 
  furthermore , tell me , how different really is it if those countries possess arms when we have clearly expansionist nations like russia and china in position of them as well ? 
  if you wish to use the argument of instability again , then please refer to my earlier comment . 
  in all realities it would mean that diplomacy would necessarily have to be more tactful , as it already is for the nuclear nations . 
  lastly , do you think those countries do n't deserve to protect themselves wen faced with external menace ? 
  economic santions are great and all but have nothing to do with the budapest memo . 
  the reason for a lack of intervention is that the signatories are perfectly happy to ignore russia 's explicit involvement in ukraine 's destabilzation and rather put them on as a response to crimea being absorbed . 
  war weariness has no bearing on the obligations you made to fellow peoples . 
  `` oh you 're getting invaded ? 
  you 're invoking our treaty of mutual defense ? 
  well i just dont feel like it so fuck you . '', 
  -  does that sound like first rate diplomacy to you ? 
  newsflash , many post soviet states are authoritarian dictatorships , just look at belarus , uzbekistan , tajikistan etc. 
  what the hell are you trying to say with that jumbled sentence ? 
  that the memo was signed at a time when the signatories had relative good relations ? 
  what the hell does that have to do with the obligations each signatory has to ukraine ? '', 
  we should do in ukraine is send equipment , advisors and economic stimulus . '', 
  thats a deceitful man 's way to wage war : by proxy . 
  at that point it is more acceptable to actually send peacekeepers than to hide behind a guise of neutrality ; this was literally the united state 's position with the lend-lease . 
  i believe all nations have to right to defend themselves in the way that guarantees them the most safety . 
  if that safety can be assured by other nuclear enabled states proclaiming guarantees of assistance then so be it . 
  by the failure of one such guarantee as is visible here shows that nations should not necessarily exclusively put their trust in others and seek other forms of assured protection . 
  otherwise the nations of the world can only hope another chamberlain does n't gain office . 
  did you not see the word alliance in my previous comment ? 
  besides , in this particular situation the uk would have to intervene , and much more than just with simple economic sanctions . 
  the budapest memorandum ties the uk to a position of security assistance and further un sanctioned military response . 
  the appeasement policy that was yet again resurrected will not work and you know it . 
  the issue with that is that you cant quantify or qualify morality . 
  moreover , even relatively liberal democracies have been toppled by authoritarian regimes so its not adequate to say that one country should be able to possess arms indefinitely while another ca n't , all on the supposition that the governance system will never change . 
  i 'm not a supporter of nuclear proliferation , but that is not a justifiable position to deny other nations the right to their own defense , your previous point notwithstanding . 
  unless of course those nuclear armed countries neglect to support those without nuclear arms when faced which a crisis with other nuclear armed nations . 
  it would n't be the first time nations have dishonoured alliances . 
  oh god , using the deaths of millions of people as an excuse . 
  funny how he presented the trip as gratitude `` that we do not have to speak german in this country '' , while omitting russia is responsible for all of the older population being forced to learn russian in the subsequent 40 years . 
  you just went full retard there , never go full retard . 
  that 's a ridiculous position , since to support it , russia should be advocating removing all benefits , since one can easily enter into a traditional sham marriage . 
  cherry-picking just illustrates malice . 
  sample size and then reporting ; russia has a sample size of 5000 but england has one of 16000 ;, 
  from the article :  after october 17 , activities around subcarpathian rus intensified . 
  poland proposed a partition of subcarpathian rus among hungary , poland and romania . 
  romania , staunch ally of czechoslovakia against hungary , rebuffed the proposal , even offering military support for czechoslovakia in subcarpathia . 
  hungary , in turn , attempted to persuade the carpathorusyn representatives to become part of hungary . 
  since a common polish-hungarian frontier , which would arise by a hungarian annexation of subcarpathian rus , had been a long-time dream of both poland and hungary , poland was moving troops toward that frontier for support . 
  however , since a common polish-hungarian frontier would mean a minor flanking of germany , germany was willing to face such a common frontier only if poland made compensation by giving up the danzig corridor to east prussia . 
  poland refused the german proposal . 
  poland was active in the negotiations to further its own territorial expansion , whether or not it got lands out of the mediation is secondary : it actively participated with nazi germany and hungary to dismantle other countries . 
  we did not ! . 
  the negotiations themselves were only a formality , and the lands themselves had to be militarily occupied ( not something done during peacetime ) without allowing the populations living there time to prepare . 
  not to mention the entire thing was illegal as per the czechoslovak constitution ( 1920 ) which specifies land could not be ceded from the country without and act of parliament , which there was n't !, 
  and even if there was the whole thing would be void for the reasons of duress !, 
  the nazis continually threatened to perform airstrikes with the luftwaffe on all of csr 's population centres ; when they threatened in 1939 the president had a h = heart attack during the meeting . 
  im not grasping at anything , poland tried to better their situation by expanding territoriality . 
  like it or not , poland was n't some martyr of a country in the interwar period . 
  it exercised its own form of realpolitik , as is plainly evidenced on its numerous wars in the east during the time . 
  and i 'm also not saying poland was n't a victim . 
  all countries in europe were victims of ww2 , ( even spain ) , but that does n't erase anyone 's actions from the decades previous . 
  csr had many issues ( minorities , centralization , political discrimination , etc ) as well , which ultimately caused its collapse to the benefit of its neighbours , but poland was indeed one of them . 
  and that is the reason the csr and poland had such bad relations during the interwar period and why they elected not to enter into an alliance against the growing german menace , they preferred to be antagonistic rather than cooperative . 
  well if both countries were satisfied with the partition there would n't be an issue would there ? 
  :p the fact remains that poland instigated the revocation of the agreement which was ample justification for military intervention . 
  the previous partition ( the one where poland was a-ok with taking 75 % of all the land ) left a very sizable czech population in the hands of poland ( mainly clerks and other middle class ) , but did they complain about those discrepancies ? 
  it was handled terribly on their part since the csr had the foresight to diplomatically grease the hands of the allies which poland continuously neglected to do during the inter-war period , electing to do things the outdated way . 
  regardless , what poland did in 1938 was also not ample justification considering they acquiescence to the spa treaties ; their unilateral military operation without international mediation over the territory is classic land-grabbing . 
  and historical borders is not an adequate justification because csr as a successor state to bohemia could easily have claimed all of the silesian territory as legal historical territory . 
  1919 was a crisis that caused a small war that was internationally mediated , 1938 was an ultimatum which ended with a military occupation . 
  poland actively worked with nazi germany to expand its territory . 
  just look at the [ first vienna award ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_vienna_award ) !, 
  along with annexing the tesin region it went on to annex territories in slovakia , all on the basis of treaties it negotiated with nazi germany and hungary . 
  the czechs did n't . 
  it was a contested territory that was supposed to be resolved by referendum , but poland started the porcess of absorbing it into their realm ( conscription , assigning parliamentary deputies etc. ) . 
  csr invaded to stop that and it then became a mandate of the lon which was then awarded to csr in the treaties of spa ( partly because the csr had much betetr diplomatic relations with the other member countries than poland ) . 
  poland did n't like the fact that they got the most of the population but not the coalmines which they were really after . 
  on the other hand that suburbs were the place where the only rail connection between moravia and slovakia ( and the csr was in desperate need of stopping the current hungarian invasions in souther and eastern slovakia ) . 
  if czechoslovakia 's allies had n't abandoned it ( irespective of the munich agreement or not ) poland would n't think itself in a favorable position to attack . 
  remember this is n't the only teritory poland forcibly annexed from the csr . 
  it went on to annex slovakian territories in the first vienna award , showing poland 's willingness to cooperate with nazi germany and hungary . 
  by backstabbed do you mean both countries agreed to a referendum that was to be mediated by the lon , but poland , embroiled in the war went back on its word and started illegally holding elections into the polish parliament along with conscripting the residents of a contested territory to fight on the eastern front ? 
  the invasion occurred to stop poland from absorbing the territory and assigning polish state administrators over local ones . 
  the effects of the munich agreement literally exasperated the war rearmament . 
  germany suddenly had a much larger industrial out put from csr 's factories and mines . 
  not to mention 70 % of energy generation . 
  couple that with czech tank designs ( which were modified into panzers ) and the lack of border defenses due to the munich pact and you can most definitely say chamberlain was instrumental in giving germany the necessary resources to start the war in 1939 . 
  the uk and france made the largest pre war blunder they could have , and describing their actions as anything less than betrayal is revisionism . 
  and if poland was n't invaded 11 months later , the annexation would have been permanent . 
  its both an outdated term and an outdated view . 
  it would be comparable to considering today 's india as part of the uk 's sphere of influence . 
  curse you celtic !, 
  because we have the word c\u00edrkev ( which corresponds to the other languages ) but it specifically refers to the catholic church . 
  kostel is just to specify the temple as being christian ( any denomination ) especially since there was so much religious turmoil in the area historically, 
  could n't it also be honey scientist ?
