  as you put it the maps imply that humanism had no effect or sources in architecture and on the other hand baroque had no bearing on philosophical development . 
  moreover my point was mainly that for all the centers of humanism , none of influence are in central and eastern europe , which is patently false . 
   fine i can use romania . 
  they 're not some debilitated country because they 're not in schengen . 
  their economy grows at about the same rate as in poland . 
  its a poorer country simply due to structural issues not some bs schengen problems . 
  you can use algeria as an example for all i care , the point is that schengen allowed for increased growth . 
  that 's why romania is actively pursueing membership . 
  canceling schengen will likewise not support growth that came with the implementation of schengen . 
   how is not being in schengen make that harder ? 
  because having to fill out visas is so much fun is n't it !, 
  and letting kidnappers and criminals flee from your country and do nothing about it since you do n't have jurisdiction anymore !, 
  not to mention the added bonus of having even more redundant official databases since you ca n't pool them !, 
  who does n't love red tape and bureaucracy !, 
  make labour movement harder ? 
  why not !, 
  of course , lets spend millions more each year to adequately man every border control !, 
  after all if we did n't employ a lot of people there instead of cost effective electronics , wasting money that could go anywhere else , like education , then it would n't be a well oiled system would it !, 
   the city was super famous back then . 
  gs and jp morgan . 
  you mean how the bank of england became a fiscal agent of j.p. morgan & co. , and vice versa ? 
  oh , also good job ignoring the eminently important institutions of the bank of england as well as other behemoths that were the main drivers of the economy then and continue to do so like lloyds . 
  but that 's beside the point . 
  the point is that the uk is economically sound because of the business culture that was fostered from the 19th century and even before . 
  those investments and practices ( like free trade ) continued to pay off to this day . 
  you using the uk as a counterpoint to poland is literally retarded . 
  i hope you paid more attention in lycee than just during that one class on the trente glorieuses , which by the way poland was not graced by of since it had to suffer under caem . 
   the eu will survive without schengen because that 's exactly what the eu was trying to accomplish even all the way back when it was the european economic community : to make movement of people , goods and services harder . 
  aww look at austria trying to be relevant . 
  that 's adorable . 
  now you take your imposed neutrality and run along now !, 
  wtf . 
  you 're comparing the uk , a country that was the the most important nation in the 19th century and its entire modern economy that was built during that period , and continues to reap the benefits of that in addition to the security and stability of being an island nation to poland , a country that has been partitioned and invaded time and time again and is just now building up a modern economy after decades of command economy and stagnation ? 
  that 's like saying why should n't the usa fracture into infinitesimally small states ; the united kingdom of the netherlands fractured and they 're doing well . 
  its ludicrous and incomparable !, 
  wtf . 
  even in the humanism map that 's terrible . 
  prague is the first place in trans alpine europe to have a renaissance villa and its also the city with the first preserved renaissance palace in transalpine europe . 
  hungary also was the first kingdom to officially adopt the renaissance style ( the palace in buda ) . 
  and they completely ignore the renaissance in russia as a symbol of the new russian state . 
  these maps reek of western euro-centrism from the cold war period . 
  even if only taking renaissance and humanism as a philosophy , then prague should be mentioned , due to lasting hussite influence on theology and university development . 
  who exactly is encouraging radicals to blow up those pylons ? 
  what are you even babbling about ? 
  the same reason why the us imports petroleum while also exporting millions of barrels a day ; it facilitates good business relations and trade . 
   i 'm guessing those oil fields are rather puny and small ? 
  once again guessing without any research whatsoever . 
  romania was historically one of the largest producers of petrol and maintains a laudable daily output of 504,000 bbl/d , almost double ukraine 's daily energy consumption . 
  norway is the 8th largest crude exporter with a daily production of 1,946,000 bbl . 
  the uk produces 914,000 bbl/d and even countries like italy and denmark , who are by no means top in the world , produce 259,980 bbl/d and 112,000 bbl/d respectively . 
  the reason why europe relies on russia for energy is n't because they have no other option , but largely because it stimulated good relations and the infrastructure is well developed ( especially in the east ) . 
  however , with evolving hostilities , many countries are turning away from the `` easy route '' as it becomes more and more uncooperative to forge new energy routes and connections . 
  lol , nope . 
  european countries do n't buy gas from russia all at a flat rate . 
  [ in fact , slovakia pays considerably less than ukraine or poland or czechia . 
  ] ( http://gdb.rferl.org/3dfd9930-33d5-4420-8805-7d9a0c7ae6ed_mw1024_mh1024_s.png ) therefore the opportunities for both slovakia and ukraine are evident . 
  [ furthermore , yes , europe is indeed dotted with numerous oil fields . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:oil_fields_of_europe ) educate yourself before weighing in on subjects you know extremely little about . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gay_village examples are : castro st in san francisco , washington square west in philly , west hollywood , or wilton manors in ft lauderdale . 
  most large cities in the us are segregated into their respective communities ( chinatown , koreatown , the gaybourhood , little italy , etc ) . 
  rural places are generally overwhelmingly white , or in the case of the south segregated white and black . 
  non-latinos are hard pressed to easily find accommodating services in predominantly latino areas in texas , california or florida . 
  tell me again how you can consider the us on the whole a reasonable success when that success is based on the bundling of ghettos and semi-closed communities the country over into a grey single statistic ? 
  because the people saying it align themselves to xenophobic and neo-nazi groups . 
  furthermore there is a large difference between `` my house my family '' which is an entirely private issue ( as you yourself own your house ) versus `` czech for czechs '' which is a nation in a larger european framework and a public institution . 
  but please do tell me how xenophobic neo-nazi 's are `` live and let live '' . 
  when it implies racial superiority and exclusion of every other ethnicity and nationality . 
  this was the exact slogan used during the third reich to maintain the `` purity '' of germany with the implications that a racially pure state will eventually dominate the world . 
  homophobia , like racism is n't just lynchings . 
  it is a range of attitudes based on fear and hatred . 
  you can say all attitudes that do n't reach tolerance are homophobia . 
  however , tolerance and acceptance are world 's apart as well . 
  stop justifying irrational hatred just because there are even worse incarnations of it . 
  its like saying blacks under south african apartheid were n't discriminated against because they were n't being institutionally executed . 
  it 's a ludicrous assertion . 
  it is when the preference is directly contingent on the detriment of the other . 
  moreover why should there be a preference to heterophilia ? 
  in a democratic society everyone should be treated equally no ? 
  so why concentrate on one part of the demographic positively and then willfully ignore another ? 
  that explicit exclusion is homophobia . 
  they were fashionable status symbols , that displayed the building family 's wealth and power . 
  most later fell into disrepair and were torn down because they became unstable and prone to collapsing . 
  in that case , you would n't mind strangers coming into your house and work creating dossiers containing the names of you and your family members , their dates of birth , their credit card numbers , where they live and work , what they do on tuesdays at 15h30 , their opinions on the current government regime , etc. 
  would you ? 
  imagine you are o - and there is a psa in your town that they are in dire need of o - blood because of a highway pileup . 
  many are wounded and in critical condition . 
  you know you can help save a life but ca n't legally because you had sex 10 months ago . 
  do you save the person 's life or let them die ? 
  in which case it 's not `` all modern wars are a disaster '' but `` all wars are a disaster '', 
  the purpose of these trials was to single out the orchestrators of the third reich and thor complicitness and educate the world of the consequences of that totalitarianism . 
  what point does the trial of a lookout guard serve the better elucidate that message ? 
  did that hard personally plan those camps ? 
  and what of the other millions of germans still alive then who most certainly partook in the dehumanisation and looting of the oppressed ? 
  we live in a time were we have definitive evidence of society 's progress and rehabilitation . 
  what will this trial and possible sentence serve to accomplish is not the rehabilitation that already took place ? 
  punishment ? 
  is that what germany ' legal system should strive for ? 
  to emulate the us ? 
  why specify white ? 
  some of the most avid antisemites today and historically are what you would call `` brown '' people .
