  the first country to do so was france with the penal code of 1791 . 
  this policy on private sexual conduct was kept in the penal code of 1810 . 
  then maybe your country should do a better job of separating church from state . 
  its funny people were so open to the idea of the catholic church wielding so much power , especially after such a long time under foreign control . 
  the truth is , the normalization period was n't fun for anyone , let alone minorities . 
  this added even more societal pressure on them , so its no wonder it failed . 
  today such a thing is n't even legal due to constitutional restraints . 
  legally , you ca n't either . 
  for instance in the cz , the constitution states that the government can not force minorities to assimilate . 
  therefore it is up to the minorities . 
  which is problematic in itself when the majority of the populace ostracizes them . 
  or the soya strait islands in japan, 
  furthermore , the czech rep sees its independence day as october 28 , when it gained independence from austria-hungary in 1918 , not the dissolution of czechoslovakia which would have been january 1 . 
  but you cant compare the last 400 years to the medieval period . 
  especially now , with globalization . 
  besides , 1400s europe saw the rise of the hussites and the beginning of the reformation so in a way you could argue that it was a period of secularization ( especially compared to the previous years ), 
   no , that it did n't work that way . 
  you could , for example end a neutrality pact and it would n't have consequences . 
  except the neutrality pact made provisions for the event that it would be ended prematurely . 
  and the ussr did not uphold those provisions . 
   men , you are making shit up . 
  go read at least some book about that period . 
  topkek . 
  the japanese were prepared to accept the potsdam decaraion , as it was a conditional offer , but were met with opposition internally from the military . 
  this however is proof of willingness to end hostilites . 
  the issue however was that they hoped the ussr would serve as a mediator , since they had the nonaggression pact and were not at war . 
  but they were mistaken to believe the soviets care for anything more than their own expansionism . 
   international law , what that international law you are talking about in august 1945 ? 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  that international did n't exist at that point , regardless of vienna and geneva ? 
  if so thee ny your logic the japanese instrument of surrender also is n't valid , nor every single treaty that preceded it , including locarno and versailles . 
   what ? 
  have you read at least one book involving that period of time ? 
  soviet union was forced to be involved by usa . 
  usa provided landing operation ships that soviet union just lacked in the pacific . 
  yes , all allies were forced to be involved , and the ussr made sure that they could n't peace out individually since it suited their goals . 
  the japanese were willing to accept peace , and the americans and british were willing to enter into peace talks , but the ussr continued to stall them . 
   why is that psychotic ? 
  japan was the aggressor in the war which attack soviet union allies ( uk and us ) . 
  also japan in 1905 against all pacts and without declaration of war attacked russian empire took kurils and sakhalin massacring local population . 
  lol . 
  japan issued a declaration of war on 8 february 1904 . 
  furthermore , this was preceded by negotiations to try to quell animosities . 
  through threat of russian expansion , japan offered to recognize russian dominance in manchuria in exchange for recognition of korea as within the japanese sphere of influence . 
  russia refused and demanded korea north of the 39th parallel to be a neutral buffer zone between russia and japan . 
  the japanese government perceived a russian threat to its strategic interests and chose to go to war . 
  the main difference being that japan and russia did n't have previous treaties that made going to war unlawful between them . 
  furthermore , so what ? 
  does that make the ussr 's actions valid ? 
  of course not . 
  otherwise japan could mobilize into that land , massacre the current russian colonists and say , lol you deserved it . 
   retribution for 1905 , i 'd say . 
  the people polled said it in direct retribution for the `` great patriot war '' . 
  you 'd be surprised how little people remember of the imperial russian wars . 
  do n't try to rationalize where the is no capacity to . 
   are you talking about the genocide of ainu people by the japanese ? 
  are you saying that gives russia that right ? 
  the tu quoque fallacy argument is getting really tired from your overuse of it . 
   it is not acquiescence at yalta , is is acquiescence under japanese capitulation act . 
  no , it was his agreement to the terms of the yalta conference which were in direct opposition to international law that make the ussr 's involvement in the pacific theater illegal . 
   stalin could have taken hokkaido , nobody would have blinked an eye . 
  usa were the ones who gave soviet union the ships for the land operation in enough quantity to take all of japan . 
  everyone was wary of the ussr 's jingoism . 
  that 's why the usa wished to finish the war with japan as soon as possible before the soviets could get involved . 
  stalin , understanding the allies ' position , continually kept drawing out peace talks with japan , which was already willing to surrender in early 1945 , while at the same time forcing the other allies to keep to the yalta points along with strict adherance to the cairo declaration , so he would have enough time to transport his armies from the west to the eastern part of the country in preparation for the invasion . 
  his only goals for that war were jingoistic expansion in the form of securing the soya strait and furthermore the chinese eastern railway , southern manchuria railway , dairen and port arthur . 
  furthermore are you implying that the allies and the japanese should be grateful to the ussr that they only took those territories ? 
  how psychotic is that ?!, 
  that 's like telling ukraine , be happy , we only destabilized you to the point of taking your eastern half , but we could easily do more !, 
  funnily enough , today most russians see the islands as retribution for the war with japan , even though this was an offensive war the ussr declared , and by invading before a declaration of war was received , they were able to secure a lot without any opposition . 
   very bad , should have taken hokkaido after all and created ainu ssr . 
  ah yes , because persecution and genocide is ok as long as its in your own country . 
  you must really look up to stalin . 
  yeah no . 
  click on the images and find that commemorative coin to be of a completely different design . 
  nice try baguette !, 
   soviet union prepared not a land grab , but full-scale invasion of japanese territory under what was agreed in yalta . 
  which stalin agreed to in clear defiance to his already standing non-aggression agreement with japan . 
  his acquiescence at yalta was therefore invalid . 
  furthermore , stalin used timezones to his advantage and mobilized the army into japanese held territories before the declaration of war even got to tokyo , another illegality . 
  furthermore , the soviets were definitely interested in taking land . 
  the seizure of these territories was to further soviet strategic goals in terms of naval shipping int he area . 
  unfortunately with the lack of any development , the primary raison d'etre for their seizure still has yet to be realized ( though at least theyre finally working on that now . ), 
   and su offensive was probably the main reason why japan surrendered : see defeat of kwantung army and landing operations in sakhalin and kurils . 
  the offensive was n't the deciding factor . 
  the deciding factor was that japan was relying on the ussr to mediate its peace talks . 
  the simple act of reneging on the non-aggression pact and declaring war was what evaporated any hopes the japanese had and led to the unconditional surrender . 
  after occupation of the islands , the ussr went further with the illegal actions of deport all the residents there , not only japanese colonists abut also the indigenous people who made those islands their home for over a 1000 years . 
  technically we were n't . 
  the country was defined as \u010ceskoslovensk\u00e1 socialistick\u00e1 republika which is a socialist republic not a soviet republic as the country was not driven by a council . 
  sure but those people are n't innocent . 
  they knowingly break laws to illegally emigrate and directly fund illegal trafficking operations . 
  whether that 's wrong or right is morally debatable but thats not the discussion at hand . 
  the fact remains is that they are people in a desperate situation that have broken many laws to try to get what they want , and the european governments are faced with an ethical dilemma in responding to it . 
  i am not claiming that . 
  i am saying that accepting refugees would bog down possible aid spending and that would be detrimental to solving the problem . 
  and it is a variation of the trolley problem where we are confronted with an action that will most likely cause the deaths in long term and inaction that will definitely cause deaths in the short-term . 
  either way you have not right to cite the morality card as people will die regardless . 
  this was a discussion onquotas . 
  wheteher or not the czech rep will accept african refugees has no bearing on how many will drown in the meditterranean simply because those migrants have no access to the cz in the first place .
