   if you 're smart enough but you have proved it 's not the case . 
  you are completely certain of your own intelligence and even moreso about the intelligence of others . 
  that does not make you a smart person , but a fool . 
  your inability to conduct a discussion with civility is further evidence of your lacking as a person worth discussing anything with . 
  your stubbornness , whether a facade or true lead me to agree with that . 
  good luck with your future , since it seems you need an echo chamber for your viewpoint since any dissent leads you to ridicule others . 
  what a sad existence that must be . 
   show me that the cracow university was better than all the spanish unversities reunited wtf ? 
  why ? 
  i 'm saying cracow is better or at least of the same level as alcala . 
  why are you trying to pull other spanish universities that are n't mentioned at all to try to bolster your argument ? 
  talk about moving goal posts . 
   periods of war are a good moment to rethink your worldviews . 
  oh you 're serious ? 
  ] ( https://c1.staticflickr.com/5/4004/4309230175_6b3417d720.jpg ) times if war are demonstrably the worst for golden ages since people dont have time to worry about perspective when they fear for their lives . 
  you think that when armies were ransacking towns and villages that university students were laissez faire about the entire situation ? 
  especially when their families were part of the factions ? 
   i did n't say that elsewhere they have n't been any impact . 
  but you are saying it of your map . 
   then i criticized this map because it should n't show that many secondary centres . 
  you then went on to say in essence the representation of eastern europe is accurate , which it is n't at that level of detail . 
   by 1500 spain had more universities than the totality and china has more universities than the us . 
  that does n't mean they are of better quality . 
  moreover in your map 's period castille has just finished the war of castilian succession . 
  a country in turnoil of war must have been the perfect place for the spread of humanism right ? 
  / s  you even admitted that the other map would have been fine . 
  holy crap , the other map would be fine if it did n't include any secondary centers , like cracow and madrid . 
  but your map includes one but not the other . 
   purposefully misquoted me how did i do so . 
  you said `` in the end , the goal is to give simple ideas about the topic . 
  lists or long texts are better to go further but it 's not as `` graphic '' as this kind of map . '', 
  did you not ? 
  you further went on to say that the map is too descriptive . 
  in both cases you do n't shed any light ont he fact that eastern europe is unrepresented and go on further to say `` it shows the importance of the centres . '', 
  but you yourself agree that there are too many centers and yet you still have the gall to say that eastern europe deserves none on that map . 
  christ you 're obtuse . 
   the issue is that you do n't understand the map , i perfectly understand . 
  the map contains certain centers of humanism , yet all those centers are in western europe . 
  secondary centers of lesser importance like alcala are likewise include , while centers that had equal or even more importance than that , such as cracow have not been included . 
  you say that the map show too many centers , thats fine , but for all the centers it shows , none are in eastern europe and thats what makes the map extremely misleading . 
  i 'd be fine with it if the map looked more like [ this ] ( http://www.museeprotestant.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/0000000004l.jpg ) , but at the level of detail that yours presents , ignoring eastern europe is lying . 
   are you that stupid ? 
  insulting your counterpart , nice direction this is going in . 
   it shows the importance of the centres . 
  it conveys where humanism and renaissance were the most important : the west . 
  okay . 
  well then , you obviously buy into the map and its presentation then . 
  that why were at an impasse . 
  you actually believe that the renaissance and humanism never got to eastern europe . 
  well i think that says it all . 
   this shows that you did n't understand what i said , you 're eitheir too butthurt or too stupid . 
  cute , insulting me once again . 
   you 're asking to add things so it 's relevant . 
  all those centers are important in specific ways . 
  to set the bar at naples is to disregard the objectively lesser importance spread of renaissance in the rest of europe , but that does not touch on the relative importance . 
  cracow was and extremely important driver of renaissance for poland and eastern europe , even though it was n't as important as florence , just as alcala was for spain . 
  yet cracow does not appear as a center for spread . 
   hard to show the link between humanism and prinery if you do n't show any prineries . 
  my issue is not representation of printers , its the fact that the cartographers intentionally neglected to include eastern centers of humanism . 
   i think this particular map shows too many centres of humanism and my point is that for a map that is generous with what it calls centers of humanism , it completely ignores the east , which is obvious western euro-centrism influenced from the cold war . 
  it conveys that the renaissance was n't spread or fostered in eastern europe , which is wildly incorrect . 
  and that is why i called the map out for it . 
   but i also know that these maps are simple enough to be upvoted . 
  they 're also inaccurate , outdated and spread stereotypes . 
  by all means post them for the delicious karma , but annotate and comment on where they are lacking ; we all know that the vast majority of redditors take things at face value for fact , so do n't spread this type of disinformation so casually . 
  christ . 
  you do realize that eu citizens are not the only people in the eu right ? 
  these visa procedures hurt tourists and students the most . 
  two groups of people that stimulate economies . 
   interpol and europol still exist . 
  extradition treaties still exist . 
  french police only has jurisdiction on french soil . 
  under schengen they can pursue across border lines . 
  waiting to transferring to interpol along with copious amounts of red tape is a great way to allow cases to go cold . 
  i guess to like security and police forces being less effective . 
   that again does n't have anything to do with schegen . 
  just because you dont have border control , doesnt mean the french police can go to munich and ask : hey so what are you guys doing . 
  wan na share the work load ? 
  you think that necessarily having to have separated databases and additional resource diversion wo n't lead to more bureacracy ? 
  good luck living in fantasy land . 
   hey it 's a job !, 
  you 're right !, 
  we should have crushed electricity so the candle industry could still remain strong , just think of those jobs !, 
  is n't inefficiency great !, 
   ah yes . 
  poor children are left to starve and grow up uneducated because of borders . 
  because wasting taxpayer money on tedious and cumbersome interests means that that money ca n't go to other , more deserving areas . 
  and yes , i believe education is more important than keeping redundant jobs in place . 
  for someone so set on leaving schengen , you do a poor job of selling the benefits . 
   that does n't make sense . 
  you can have one map that focused on something and another one on something else . 
  the baroque and renaissance maps are obviously part of some set as they are made by the same people . 
  moreover , you posted the renaissance map in reference to a post concerning the lack of representation of czech baroque architecture . 
  finally , my point on the fact that there is no mention of eastern european centers of renaissance and humanism that is my point of contention . 
  simplifying does not mean completely ignoring . 
   show me that cities from eastern europe were objectively more important than milan and naples . 
  all these cities were centers of renaissance and humanism which was critically important politically for their respective kingdoms . 
  i 'm ignoring your request to show an objectively more important city than naples , because if that was the case , you could cross of essentially all the centers of rayonnement in france spain and germany off the list , as it was of similar importance to venice and florence . 
  then why have the original baroque map that obviously concentrates on architectural and other visual examples and not do the same for the renaissance . 
  the prevailing philosophies of both eras are integral to the expression of architectural development .
