  the pain of sancions will lessen as time goes on , but russia 's economic capacity will suffer forever long they last . 
  just look at the last period that russia had to be self-sufficient - the ussr was plagued with poor materials , substandard quality , diminished efficiency and all because there was zero competition . 
  it eventually led to the collapse of the entire regime . 
  their local economy will strengthen , but that emans nothing if they want to grow and take their place among the other world economies . 
  and thats exactly the point . 
  a poor country ca n't feild a large military and these sanctions will eventually put enormous strains on military structures and installations , especially in r&d and maintenance ,, 
  well , they have to feed off of something . 
  auto-cannibalism is not pretty, 
  you agree with the above point and then say it does n't exist ? 
  ok , whatever you say . 
  and assuming the holocaust was only about the jews is insulting in itself . 
  romanis , gays , czechs , poles , russians and socialists were all targeted and make up the bulk of the dead . 
  they are part of the holocaust as well . 
  so creating a legal framework to protect the truth of a massive atrocity from being forgotten should do just that : protect the massive numbers of peoples killed for no reason other than that their governments viewed them as vermin . 
  so saying only the holocaust deserves protection and only on the basis of anti-semitism is insulting to all the millions of others who suffered the same fate and paradoxically does the exact opposite since by excluding obvious genocides fro those protections , it gives deniers ammunition to say `` see , genocide is a relative term ! '' . 
  and by allowing the denial of communist and soviet atrocities , we give enduring legitimacy to those regimes while at the same time that making sure in the same exact situation the fascistic regime of nazi germany would not have this ability . 
  it is cherrypicking at its most basic and gives credence to those who pine for a restoration of the soviet union . 
   stands uniquely in history . 
  please , structured organized killings of entire populations based on class and religion have existed throughout history . 
  just look at chinese dynastic changes and the bloodbaths that followed them , or the eradication of native americans via slave labour . 
  giving the holocaust a unique position sole based on the fact that it happened so recently and in the civilized world is insulting to everyone else who suffered under the same general circumstances . 
  exactly , it willfully tries to evade the definitions that would necessitate the inclusion of these crimes in the same legal framework ; all on the position that we need to maintain good relations with the nation perpetrators . 
  in that case why have a law that prohibits denial of certain atrocities at all , if you 're going to be decide what an atrocity is based on ideological and current political situations rather than justice and human rights ? 
   either you 're making things up , we 're reading a different article , or i 'm blind . 
  from the article : `` for all the terrible crimes of the ussr , you ca n't compare the people who built auschwitz with the people who liberated it . 
  nazi germany would probably not have been defeated if it were n't for russia . '', 
  this paragraph in its entirety implies that we should hold russia to a lower standard of human rights protections all based on the fact of its role in ending the second world war and our supposed debt to the nation . 
   who says they ca n't be ? 
  the article , by its implications that good things cancel out the bad things countries have done . 
  since the allies won the war and kept the fascist menace at bay , they should deserve a free pass for time immemorial . 
  and by allowing the denial of those atrocities it belittles the horrors . 
  your argument is better suited to the revocation of the law in totality . 
  why should the holocaust genocide be given special position in the legal system ? 
  is not all human life equal ? 
   yes , many ukrainians died . 
  but stalin never attempted to kill them all . 
  what do you think the point of the holocaust was ? 
  oh wow , so by that logic the horrors the japanese did to the chinese was relatively more acceptable because they did n't intend to exterminate them all ? 
  do you hear yourself ? 
  by refusing to call it what it is , a genocide , it does erase the gravity of the crimes . 
  if someone plans a murder and executes it , but then goes around saying to was an accident , or self defense , then the gravity of the crime is lessened . 
  you 're essentially advocating for holocaust denial aswell with that sentiment , as the revisionists insist the holocaust too was not a genocide , thereby removing gravity and erasing the experiences of these groups of people . 
   they can be call out . 
  the problem is making the crimes equivalent to the holocaust . 
  and the main reason for them not calling it a genocide was explicitly mentioned as to not anger the country who perpetrated the crimes . 
  not to mention the secondary argument that any genocide = scope of holocaust , which is a fallacy as well . 
  genocides do n't have to mean that  6m people died , it simply means that a large group of people was killed on the basis on a few uncontrollable traits , such as class , education , ethnicity or sexual orientation . 
  which most certainly was the case here with the polish intelligentsia , ukrainians altays and baltic peoples . 
   efraim zuroff , the nazi-hunter and director of the simon wiesenthal centre 's israel office , describes the effort by the six eastern states as a `` false symmetry '' . 
  `` we have no problem with a day of commemoration for communist crimes , and indeed , something should be done , but the holocaust was a unique tragedy in history , '' he said . 
  `` for all the terrible crimes of the ussr , you ca n't compare the people who built auschwitz with the people who liberated it . 
  nazi germany would probably not have been defeated if it were n't for russia . '', 
  the article posits that comparing the genocides caused by the soviets to the holocaust belittles the scope of the holocaust , thereby de facto making it a form of holocaust denial . 
  this is inflammatory if not just for the reason that it erases the tortue and mass murder of many civilians for things beyond their control , just as was done to the various minorities during ww2 , but the article then has the gall to rationalize its position by stating that deeming them genocides would anger russia , validating the prioritization political capital over human rights and justice . 
  furthermore , if an allied power ca n't be called out for their mistreatment of so many innocents , then what right does europe have in sticking their nose in any of the human rights violations that have since happened in the world or calling then out . 
  should we gloss over the japanese internment camps ? 
  how can we be critical of north korea , if it was defacto one under the ussr ? 
  and how can we possibly view france 's brutal slave trade in haiti critically ? 
  the current flag derives from the flag of bohemia ( white and red ) which was identical to poland 's flag but predated it by a couple of centuries . 
  the colours ( like poland 's ) were based off the national coat of arms ; white for the silver of the bohemian lion and red for the red background . 
  when czechoslovakia formed , we needed a new flag since the traditional red-white flag was in use by poland since 1831 , and slovakia wanted representation on the national flag . 
  a blue isosceles triangle was then added , done so that the flag would not fall into the traditional scheme of striped panslavic flags ( like serbia , slovenia , croatia etc ) since russia was using panslavism as its jingoistic foreign policy ( which culminated in the first world war ) . 
  when the country split up in the velvet divorce , czechia kept the original federal icons and the blue triangle came to represent moravia . 
  if france is raising the age rating , you know it has to be seriously hard-core . 
  ah yes , `` and you are lynching negroes '' . 
  czechoslovakia was a unified centralized state until it became federalized in 1969 . 
  as such , only one flag could be applied before then . 
  the map is still anachronistic though , since yugoslavia and ndr were never concurrently in the eastern bloc sphere . 
  i live in the historic part of prague , so every hour from 6 am i get 3 sets of bells ringing : the nun 's hospital , the large monastery on the top of the hill , and then a god damn serenade from the loreta . 
  every single hour . 
  um , the short name for our country in czech is \u010cesko not \u010cesk\u00e1 republika . 
  and the same goes for english , with czechia . 
  funny that they accurately do slovakia though . 
  no they did not . 
  google has its chinese domain censored , but you can just as easily find the censored articles and websites from google sites that are not registered in china , like google.com or google.co.uk . 
  oh my god , those comments . 
  i should hope these people never venture from their homes . 
  speaking a language , even as a first language , does not equal ethnicity . 
  the graph declares 6 million czech people when in reality there are at least 10 million speakers . 
  this is because the census takers did n't associate their language with their ethnicity . 
  the same is applicable to the austrian statistic , who are missing about at least 2 million speakers . 
  and before the 2012 elections they had [ 5.4 % and 3.7 % ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/communist_party_of_ukraine ) in 2006 and 2007 . 
  obvious editorialization is obvious . 
  they technically do . 
  their independence day is june 12 , 1990 when the congress of people 's deputies of the rsfsr adopted a declaration of sovereignty from the ussr . 
  boris yeltsin then resigned from the communist part at the 28th congress . 
  it is not possible for presumed transsexual individuals to choose not to undergo surgery - if they are approved for sex reassignment , they are expected to undergo treatment immediately . 
  those who wish to remain `` non-operative '' ( as well as those who cross-dress and/or identify as genderqueer ) are considered their biological gender , and as such they are likely to face harassment as being homosexuals and subject to the same laws barring homosexual acts . 
  just because transgenders can get sex reassignment surgery , does not mean the government is forthcoming . 
  many transgenders do not wish to undergo the reassignment surgery , and to assume that they do as you do is just as ignorant as your comment saying that gays are fine to go to iran as long as they suppress an important part of what makes them human . 
  iran is not a democratic society and as such people are not free to express themselves there . 
  ignorant of the plethora of individual european cultures and their complexities . 
  not to mention history on the whole and a myopic perspective on current events , 
  and no one considers wales an actual country . 
  current public ignorance does n't overshadow historical fact . 
  most amusing is the fact that greece belongs to neither side . 
  i guess according to / u/dudewhatthehellman you should get used to calling yourself asian or western anatolian ? 
  [ but then again portuguese cartographers were always kinds shit . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jo%c3%a3o_teixeira_albernaz_i#/media/file:portuguese_map_of_asia,_1630.jpg ), 
  easily demonstrating your poor classifying system is deeply flawed is n't `` looking for ways to be offended '' .
