  we all know that lenin 's communism died in 1924 . 
  the legacy of communism after that was stalin non plus ultra . 
  and i do n't think we need to talk about all the shit that was pulled in the ussr after his death that would make lenin spin in his grave ( starting with stalin becoming secretary in the first place ) . 
  probably pretty full of himself and selfish . 
  i beg to differ . 
  left handedness has historically been seen as a mental disorder . 
  in the same way homosexuality was treated but forcing marriage and procreation to the opposite sex ( as well as conversion therapy ) left handed people were treated the same way ( conversion therapy ) . 
  or do you forget the negative connotation left handedness had ( like where the modern meaning of sinister comes from , or the witchhunts and burning ) . 
   but it 's not abnormal to have you nerve fibers cross on the right side of the brain instead of left . 
  that 's the exact explanation for why homosexuality is not abnormal / a disorder . 
  ( male homosexuals have on average the same brain volume ratio as heterosexual women , as opposed to heterosexual men who 's brain hemispsheres are not homogeneous in size ) so which is it ? 
  is left-handedness a mental disorder ? 
  or is homosexuality absolutely a natural expression of human individuality , even if in a minority . 
  but homosexuals are also able to procreate . 
  its their emotional relationships that diverge from the norm . 
  in fact most homosexuals in the western world are now fighting for the exact right to be legally recognized as parents . 
  in terms of mental disorder then , homosexuality is definable as such in the same vein as being left-handed is a mental disorder . 
  after all , the majority of humans are right handed , and left handed people on average have higher incidences of death ( due to the low amount of ergonomic tools for them ) so they reproduce less . 
  they have also been historically viewed with religious contempt ( sinister , today meaning evil or bad comes from the latin sinister meaning left ), 
  homosexuals are perfectly capable of reproducing . 
  therefore your criteria of what a * healthy * person is , are fulfilled . 
  humans are also as a biological species organized into societies . 
  as such , biological imperatives are not so narrow to demand reproduction of the individual as a sucess but rather the reproduction of the individuals kin . 
  homosexuality helps in these situations by reducing the overall demand on resources , allowing certain offspring of the genetic social group better chances to mature rather than everyone competing for the same resources . 
  this is beneficial to the homosexual individuals as their genetic material is still furthered , through their siblings . 
  this is n't exclusive to humans either . 
  other primates such as bonobos and chimpanzees ( our closest living relatives ) also exhibit these behaviors , on top of using homosexual intercourse as a societal regulator in dissolving conflict and increasing social bonds ( which sex is proven to do through releases of chemicals like oxytocin and dopamin which strengthen emotional bonds between individuals ) . 
  homophobia is as natural as chauvinism and conservatism . 
  nothing more nothing less . 
  cultures that did not base themselves on strict gender roles ( like unwavering masculinity for men ) also did not exhibit similar levels of homophobia . 
  modern homophobia in eastern europe and beyond is a byproduct of soviet influence and strict government control over the individual , effects that organized religion had over the course of its tenure as the dominant regulator of society before the rise of modern centralized governments . 
  the gay minority was just an easy scapegoat to both types of institutions due to their weakness which made it easy to influence people through propaganda and thereby detract their attention from their own consciousness . 
  historic antisemitism is another good example of focused hatred as a tool to control people . 
  that does n't mean he should n't try !, 
  tattoo guy would be fun !, 
  or the cryogenically frozen corpse of schwartzenberg maybe, 
  so triple cheesy pizza ? 
   satellite state and ussr republic are not 3 identical names and i 'm not saying they are !, 
  i 'm saying that you prescribe their legal definitions as reasons and example that they can not be described as colonial . 
  however , in practice and indeed for quite some time de jure these territories * were * and continue to be treated in a colonial manner . 
  no amount of fancy titles and committees will change the semantic value of their position if their de facto position does not change . 
  therefore , these places could be treated as colonies in almost every way except in name . 
   but those territories were integral part of russian tsardom - again very different to colonies which were overseas and the meaning of the word is different . 
  colonies do n't have to be overseas to be by definition colonies , in the same manner that integral parts of a country do n't have to be directly connected to the capital to be integral . 
  every single part of russia beyond the urals was at some point a colony , irrespective of how close or far it was to moscow or st petersburg , since colonies by definition are targeted settlements of a certain peoples outside their homeland by their core government . 
  if you honestly think that siberia or kazakhstan or altai were not colonies , it is * you * who needs to read a book . 
  you take political definition at face value and are completely ignorant to the actual development of these places . 
  you literally wrote :  a slave for life in a mine , garbage dump or toxic cleaning you think complete dehumanization and what essentially amounts to a death sentence with no prospect and a short life and suffering is appropriate for these felonies . 
  you are exactly the reason why modern law needs to be unemotional and impartial , because otherwise everyone would seek the most drastic reprisals for any slight . 
  you seek to irreparably condemn not on the basis of rational and critical though but because of your strong emotions in one point in time . 
  you care little for anyone else 's life and their experiences entirely on the basis of your perceived moral superiority . 
  what these people do is monstrous , but you forget they are still people . 
  * you * stop moving goal posts to try to make your position seem more digestible . 
  be that as it may the constituent soviet republics * we 're * colonies of the russian empire . 
  many were annexed and subjugated only in the 19th century or even 20th . 
  reorganizing their government into a soviet republic when nothing palpable changed much is exactly what makes it semantic . 
  even today many of the areas continue to practice traditional tribal forms of society and government , without much influence from the distant federal government due to the rural nature of the country . 
  moreover you can not in anyway pretend that the ussr as a federation had it 's constituent countries in any equal position as the us for instance . 
  even today you see clear top down systems of governance in place , similar to colonial management . 
  satellite states likewise can be considered colonies exactly due to their lack of independence , dependency on their `` motherland '' , exploitation , etc. 
  just because they were n't founded by the ussr does n't mean they can be excluded from all other criteria . 
  if that was the case you could also say canada in the 19th century or columbia were also not colonies of the uk because of their evolving bureaucracy and organization . 
  but if it walks like a suck and talks like a duck guess what ? 
  the de facto difference is semantic . 
  and those regions of the russian empire became that way through conquest of nomadic lands by the russian empire , similarly to the conquest of india by the british and indochina by the dutch and french . 
  russia then implemented a colonization program and displacement as well as forced assimilation , like in africa ( i.e. 
  algeria ) or the americas . 
  even as reorganized soviet republics , these territories continued to supply manpower for soviet armies and more importantly mineral and commodity wealth ( such as oil and lumber and precious stones and uranium ) similarly like british and french colonies , as they were wholly dependent on the central government for all their infrastructure , revenue etc , just like the previously mentioned colonies . 
  soviet states , as well as the warsaw pact countries were more colonies and tributaries to the rsfsr through unequal treaties and centralized control than equal trading partners ( like the states of the us are or germany ) the distinction really is semantic, 
  because eye for an eye policy is the backbone of modern civilization ? 
  you 're a monster if you seek to treat a monster in a similar way . 
  feeling morally superior does n't excuse you from it . 
   insanely cheap, 
  they must not have surveyed the czech rep or slovakia then . 
  source : rt.com it all makes sense now, 
  that 's like saying france and germany are one country because they used to be part of the frankish empire . 
  on the other hand it could also be a tongue in cheek reference to other awards like the golden globes . 
  and giving an award in the form of a cage is likewise reminding of censorship, 
  well how else do you expect the government to maintain the pothole quotas on our highways, 
  well gilded in czech is pozlacen\u00e1 , whereas gold is zlat\u00e1 . 
  the term in czech is zlat\u00e1 klec . 
  [ repay debts ] ( http://www.victoria2wiki.com/casus_belli ) cassus belli ? 
  from a similar article in the business insider :  the federal cultural minister told reporters on thursday that he was unaware of the incident , but said he realizes burning books would be a mistake . 
   `` in principle , book burning is akin to destroying monuments . 
  it looks very bad and conjures strange historical associations which , in my opinion , are totally unacceptable , '' said culture minister vladimir medinsky , according to reports from the tass news agency . 
  additionally , the books burned appear to have been humanities textbooks . 
  the circumvention of official channels shows that something suspicious is happening . 
  so you suggest that people should n't be able to vote for their preferred candidate ? 
  aww look at the cute serbian nationalist . 
  by your definition israel is n't a country nor is the people 's republic of china since they are n't recognized by every other country . 
  grow up and get over kosovo 's independence . 
  we 're apathetic in everything . 
  in the czech rep you have the choice of paying on delivery , either to the delivery guy himself , or to the post office clerk if you chose the option for the package to be delivered there . 
  you can also choose alternate drop place services and likewise pay cash there . 
  the reasoning behind it is that you can be sure that you wo n't be scammed . 
  i 'd say \u010cesk\u00fd krumlov due to historic picturesque beauty , but olomouc is quite nice too . 
  they 're not all random . 
  200 police personnel serve as border security specifically on 3 rail connections ( which is causing half hour delays for trains going to brno ) and then randomly on highways . 
  your graphic does not accurately capture the current situation . 
  orange is better suited than your blue since blue indicates that there are no longer anymore searches , which is patently false .
