  the reason why jews were historically hated was due to their isolation ( self imposed and societal ) which works in tandem with biological and sociological concepts of kin groups . 
  since jews shied away from the dominant societal kin groups , they were look down upon as having ulterior motives as to why they do n't want to belong to the larger society . 
  this led to hysteria and antisemitism . 
  recently evolving christian views on usury have little effect on ingrained cultural understanding that has evolved over the past thousands of years . 
  but those parking prices make sense . 
  the public integrated transport system runs massively over budget so much so that ticket sales do n't even make up half of its expenses . 
  the rest comes from local taxes on the citizens . 
  moreover i see the expensive parking as the city 's push for people to use the public transport instead of cars . 
  my issue was not density or size on its own but combined . 
  you you examples where one aspect is fulfilled but not the other and then try to posit that my argument makes no sense , conveniently ignoring my own elucidations ( such as the case of indonesia ) . 
  troll harder next time . 
  you wot . 
  size of the country is the paramount issue ; especially when taking into account distance between population centers . 
  your continued reliance on low population countries whose populations reside small concentrations of the state rather than being spread out over the land also lead me to believe you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  since we both see each other as incapable of rational thought , there is no point to continue . 
  norway also has a population of 5 million and a centralized government . 
  a fifth of the entire population lives in the county of akershus with the vast majority of the other 4/5th living on the coastal areas below the arctic circle . 
  this all means that everyone si not far from each other and they require much fewr the the way of distribution centers and collaborative coordination . 
  america is vastly different from norway , both in terms of size and population distribution . 
  if you want a comparable country to the size and scope of the us you have to look to indonesia , brazil and india ; all of whom have densely populated cities and well as isolated communities and have issues with unified coordination between population centers . 
  indonesia especially fits due to their decentralized government , relative population size similarity and geographic expanse comparable to the continental us . 
  `` special snowflake theory '' or `` basic demographic and infrastructure obstacles '' , use whichever term you prefer . 
  though i have to ask the question , do you honestly think you can compare the country of sweden to the country of the us in every respect ? 
  because if you can not compare the 2 in every facet imaginable then why would the application of universal healthcare and distribution remain a comparable point ? 
  again , canada has a population of 30 million , 10x less than the usa . 
  moreover , [ half of all canadians live in the small and dense 3 rivers region ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dg5ngfi.jpg ) . 
  and if you think people in northern saskatchewan have easy access to hospitals and transfusions , you have no idea how canada 's health system works . 
  you have again proved that the usa is incomparable to these other developed countries . 
  lol do you realize the most expensive part of the pharmaceutical industry is r&d right ? 
  its literally investments for drug trials that take decades and thousands of tests to become viable . 
  that is the literal definition of risky long-term research . 
  you forget that america is an order of magnitude larger than most other developed nations . 
  ignoring the fact that it spans an entire relatively low density populated continent , unlike say germany with all of its population within a 90 min plane ride , america also has 4 times more people . 
  this all makes it more expensive and incomparable to other developed nations . 
  the old testament is superseded by the new testament . 
  as such it is moot . 
  bacon for everyone !, 
  you make big deal that children should have the best upbringing possible to the point that you state in a quite eugenic manner that homosexuals and the disabled and even ugly people should not be able to adopt . 
  yet you completely ignore the fact that there are thousands of children in orphanages being raised by exactly no one except a faceless emotionless state . 
  and you think that those children are better off being raised by no parents , with no individualized care rather than by 2 loving parents are even one ? 
  you are an immense bigot . 
  and your eugenics sound rather like something dr. karl brandt would say . 
  which easily explains why putin tries to perpetually maintain russia in a state of war where the motherland is under assault !, 
  they may not be , but the mission rewards of stability and delicious paper mana make them well known . 
  not to nitpick but the second republic was 1.10.1938-14 .03.1939 . 
  the period after the war that you are referring to is technically the third republic followed by the fourth republic that lasted until july 1960 . 
   after 1938 , it lost even that well considering at that point the constitution stopped being applicable , the laws that it enshrined also ceased to hold weight ; like the flimsy `` czech and slovak are dialects of each other and the official language is czechoslovakian '' , 
  true , but you 're forgetting slovakian nationalism before the second republic . 
  both hlinka and tiso from the get go advocated a separate slovakian identity ( and therefore nation ) . 
  hinka himself made it known to masaryk that his cooperation in the new republic would be contingent on at the least functional slovakian autonomy . 
  masaryk and his centralist government of course always tried to get off with moderate concessions . 
  slovakian disapproval of the lack of autonomy as time went on ( along with centralist bureaucrats being controlled from prague and not locally ) was one of the driving factors for tiso 's betrayal of the czechoslovak state , and that was expressly for the purpose of setting up at least a de jure if not de facto slovak state ; which of course he succeed in in 1939 . 
  so czechoslovakia in itself was a doomed state since its `` unified '' identity was from the get go a farce . 
  the real reason the country took that form at all was to offset the large german minority by bolstering the population of `` czechoslovak speakers '' as well as agricultural incentives and the containment theory for hungary that was the little entente . 
  after 1945 even that raison d'etre was gone , as the germans ( and to a lesser extent the hungarians ) were deported and the little entente collapsed around 1936-38, 
  well federalization and internal passports that delineated czechs from slovaks from 1969 onward did n't help maintain a unified identity, 
  i do n't see it as much different . 
  in fact , them reducing it to a phenomenon from a human issue is in my eyes worse , as it allows them to dehumanise homosexuals . 
  and if you can dehumanize , the most repressive measures , such as torture ( conversion camps ) or possible death are n't far off . 
  this echoes the case of the jews and pogroms quite scarily . 
  it made the nations that used to make up the austrian empire easier to invade and annex ... 
  first of all no , slavery would not exist today . 
  abolitionist movements existed irrespective of the south 's dependence on human labour with anti-slavery laws going into effect in numerous western countries around that time and before . 
  secondly , the csa was always doomed from the start , from their isolation which caused shortages and capital to dry up to the worse equipped armies that could not compete even before the war with the more industrialized northerners . 
  furthermore , what you said in the first place is in itself contradictory as if law * was indeed * sacred , then there would be no civil war and secession in the first place ( since it 's illegal ! ), 
  and abolition would go more smoothly and sooner . 
  * woosh *, 
  the orthodox church had a great revival since the 1990s . 
  they work together with putin due to the mutually beneficial relationship where the church gets political favours and putin gains legitimacy . 
  liquidate , when referring to people , means exterminate . 
  last time there was liquidation of undesirable minorities was the holocaust . 
  and as for ` liquidate the phenomenon ' ; when the poll question was `` what do you think should be done with homosexuals ? 
  '' , thats pretty apparent what the meaning is . 
  the french educational system puts large emphasis on critical thinking . 
  they drill into you proper procedure to use ( number of axes , transitions , form of introductions in dissertations and commentary ) but after that you are encouraged to develop your own ideas concerting the subject matter . 
  and this procedure appears not only in arts subjects like philosophy and french , but also in sciences like biology chemistry and maths . 
  the system forces the student to be able to convey their thoughts through structured development . 
  the average czech does n't want gays to be able to adopt , not liquidate them ffs . 
  czechia may not be the most gay friendly place in the world , but implying that it is comparable to russia in this matter is beyond ridiculous . 
  that 's exactly the problem . 
  rather than to agree on a diplomatic lingual franca , every country propagates the use of its language in these meetings as a show of power/legitimacy/relevance rather than trying to reach a united political consensus on matters . 
  your example of irish is a great example of a language that itself is n't even spoken by its own people , rather bring propagated as an example of legitimacy for its country . 
  the inclusion of these tactics also allow for politicians that know little of the surrounding world to be able to represent their country on matters of foreign policy ( inevitably leading to more isolationist and euroskeptic worldviews ) which also hurts the purpose of the eu as a cooperative between nations, 
  first of all the fact that every single piece of documentation has to be translated into every single one of the eu languages . 
  not to mention the amount of translators that need to be on call at all times so that the meetings and discussions can even proceed . 
  do you have any idea how expensive that this ? 
  and how many resources , from paper to time to man hours , it wastes ? 
  the eu could easily stand to streamline ; though that will certainly not be the case for the foreseeable future . 
  the people in those countries turned to religion as a method of coping and a place of freedom of expression in the face of the ` all-powerful ' party . 
  therefore religion served as a systematic way to oppose the ruling state which was more or less tolerated ( like punk culture in the west ) . 
  slovaks had previously used religion as a way to maintain their identity when their culture was being actively oppressed by the hungarian state . 
  moreover , religion is now used there as a nationalistic tool which is especially visible today as being religious * but not the right religion * means you can not be respectively truly polish or slovak . 
   i have run out of arguments and have resorted to caps lock non sequitur, 
  you 're forgetting that those political cartoons of russia come from private entities such as satirical magazines or individuals . 
  this was a comic posted ( and therefore endorsed ) the public government agencies , specifically the ones tasked with foreign relations . 
  if you can not see the huge difference between the two then there is no post in continuing with this conversation . 
  so , if i understand correctly , you were saying that in stalin 's time no one could picture the future after him ( for any number of reasons ) as it was unthinkable . 
  and you compare that period , which was devoid of speculation , to modern day russia , where we are * right this moment * contemplating the future of russia after putin ? 
  what even was your original point ? 
  especially since you insist on viewing that period in a vacuum , ignoring the strife that came after it or was hegemonic therein , since as we all know of stalin 's paranoia and the frequent purges he orchestrated which severly undermined the stability of the ussr , especially in the face of germany .
