yeah , we call them tasmanians . 
  haha just kidding tassie ... we love you ... 
  i do know it yes , but i could never really get into the show so i ca n't say i 've seen it haha, 
  there are some fun indigenous names in aus , such as mooroolbark ( moo-ruhl-bark ) , maribyrnong ( ma-ri-bin-yong ) , toowoomba ( t-uhh-woom-ba ) , warrnambool ( war-nam-bull ) and so on . 
  the indigenous tribes did n't have written language so they 're written in kinda-phonetic english . 
  there are also plenty i would n't have a clue how to say like ; wyalkatchem , pinwernying , and gidgegannup . 
  he has a grating personality . 
  indicative of the fact he 's clearly pretty misanthropic - i should know , takes one to know one . 
  probably hurts how overall convincing he is to people that disagree with him though . 
  also does n't help that he obviously misrepresents his opponents ' arguments . 
  politics are ridiculous , but not that ridiculous . 
  and a little common sense makes that clear . 
  you know i 've watched a lot of this guy 's videos . 
  originally i watched just cause i wanted to see a youtube channel in swedish with english subtitles ... but then i started seeing his constant political rants . 
  and while ( as a bit of a novelty for a conservative ) he actually is rather well spoken ... mostly . 
  he can also omit , be gratuitous , take things out of context and drop a lot of strawman arguments . 
  maybe he should move to australia . 
  he 'd like it here . 
  here we let asylum seekers drown at sea and stick up [ posters like this ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/b0tcsccccaa_pwr.jpg ) in other countries . 
  we bob up to compete where we 're least expected . 
  asian cup ? 
  check . 
  you betcha . 
  next thing will probably be world series baseball or some shit . 
  if you plough through all the words with ` ough ' though , you 'll have a thorough understanding ... cough ... 
  what does ` social security ' look like in poland presently ? 
  like i know it 's not great , but that 's the extent of what i 've heard on it . 
  why is germany getting the shaft so bad ? 
  surely that ass was worth at least 1 vote, 
  never underestimate how much we love stitching up the poms . 
  nordic voting bloc in full swing !, 
  i 'm pretty stoked a person like conchita can succeed and get her time in the spotlight , but geez , they 're really licking boot tonight !, 
  it depends on who in aus gets the say . 
  italy maybe . . the uk ... somewhere in the balkans haha idk . 
  i get the feeling half of you fuckers are voting for australia purely for the fallout ... 
  quick australia grab your nonnos , what are they saying ? 
  steel socks in my mind ? 
  just do n't make any sexual innuendos around him or he 'll be pissing himself so hard they 'll need to roll him off stage and get a backup host . 
  i think romania 's just pinched in in a category i 've just made up called ; ` most interesting lyrical content ' . 
  i 'm glad someone had the sense not to send poland a pair of cross-country skis . 
  it 's refreshing to hear songs not in english, 
  i hate guy sebastian ... but it was a decent entry, 
  did that estonian chick just cry on command ? 
  fair effort, 
  if you can speak any scandinavian language with a potato in your mouth you 're travelling well, 
  the internet , more important than indoor plumbing !, 
  at times like these , all you can say is ; `` fucking woops ! '', 
  forgive me if i 'm wrong , i do n't know the exact laws in the uk , but would n't genuine islamophobic incidents already fall under a racial discrimination act or some such thing ? 
  my gf 's mum made pierogi with plum one time and my god was it good . 
  i did n't know it was ever anything other than savoury . 
  instead you just get to `` explore '' the idea of a soviet reunion . 
  get the band back together fellas !, 
  let it go russia , poland does n't want you back . 
  in fact i 'm pretty sure he never wanted you in the first place . 
  he 's left your crap out on the sidewalk , and moved in with germany , who ( by the way ) keeps the apartment a lot cleaner, 
  because that 's how `` discussion '' on the internet works , rather than engaging in anything prompting critical thought or theoretical concepts , people instead reduce the opposition down to a neat-packaged strawman label . 
  do n't like immigration ? 
  you 're a fascist nazi . 
  not a fan of unrestricted capitalism ? 
  well slow down there you hippy , dole-bludging communist !, 
  do n't like sexist jokes ? 
  you 're a white knight . 
  and on and on and on . 
  i followed that link , and saved the comment because it was interesting , but then it changed my default to polish and i got lost haha, 
  they should all be grouped together inside an even bigger box labelled ; `` the league of extraordinary bureaucracy '' . 
  the weirdest thing about that is you should probably take what people say on the internet with a grain of salt anyway . 
  it 's easy to forget that a lot of people are skilled at making something completely wrong or missing the point sound reasonable in the way they describe it ... at least until they do that about a topic you personally know things about . 
  you 're more likely to get the actual ones with insidious motives to come over to do that than the ones who are actually remorseful . 
  ** edit ** for the curious yet late , comment i replied to was suggesting only taking back in those willing to convert to the church of england or something similiar . 
  i know what it is , i went to a catholic high school , and they sent some of our students up to the one in sydney in 2008 . 
  it was more a sarcastic remark in how it 's drawing a pretty long bow insinuating it 's propaganda against russians . 
  i do n't know what world youth day is supposed to do with russia , but congrats to them for making it all about themselves . 
  my old man plays golf with this polish bloke , and he makes him take shots with him of some home made rocket fuel the whole way around the course . 
  also i 've got to say , i 've been to poland a few times now , and it 's the only country i 've been to that has convenience stores shut at 9pm sharp , but post offices and bottle shops open 24 hours . 
  cricket is australia 's national game , over other favourite british pastimes like association football and rugby , because it was exported here first . 
  by the time the fa was formed and rules formalised ( and the rugby football union also ) , australia already had a native game of football . 
  the english also did n't send their football teams on tours of australia because of the time and money it would require , and that they did n't feel it would be a success . 
  they did with rugby though , and you can probably point to that as why that game grew so much in parts of australia . 
  poland 's actually one of my favourite places to visit and last year i went all over , from the big cities , to small towns . 
  definitely massively underrated . 
   australia , canada and us seem to focus on ` race ' first and foremost , probably because it 's full of european immigrants that have one thing in common to build a community on . 
  what 's the one thing in common they 're building a community on ? 
  being white ? 
  that sounds like you 're taking a stab in the dark to me . 
  have you actually spent any significant amount of time in australia ? 
  because i 'd argue that 's a gross-oversimplification . 
  these topics are always extremely complex and involve a lot of speculation about the nature of diasporic communities . 
  i would say , how much somebody ` blends in with the majority ' here , has less to do with what colour they are , and more to do with how strongly they identify with their ethnic ties . 
  ` native fauna failed ' . 
  pull your head out , mate . 
  the bottom line , is that conditions for building civilisation were far more favourable in europe and and asia than australia and the americas . 
  that does not make anyone better or smarter , that 's just conditions of the land people are living on . 
  maori are not native inhabitants for 40,000 years , it 's speculated they arrived from polynesia in the 1300s . 
  new zealand is a far more fertile country than australia , and the maori brought yams and and sweet potatos with them to farm . 
  once again , australia had no high-yield crops , and no horses , donkeys , llamas , pigs , or goats to aid in hunting , or working the land . 
  these are a lot better informed assessments of history , than your pseudo-racial theories which were discredited by scientists over half a century ago . 
  because australia has little arable land , and no native domesticatable animals . 
  these two factors mean no help with labour , and no agriculture . 
  no agriculture means no collectivisation . 
  no collectivisation , means that sections of communities are unable to devote their time to other pursuits other than hunting/gathering , and hence cities will not form .
