  [ cgp grey ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jeyh5wacqek ) for instance covered this , and notable books such as * guns , germs , and steel * go into it at length . 
  the first thing the british did when they got here , was introduce european animals . 
  that 's why we to this day have a large population of brumbies in the outback . 
  and even in the present day farming the land in australia with modern technology is exceedingly difficult . 
  some musings on the [ lack of cities ] ( http://www.convictcreations.com/aborigines/cities.htm ) in pre-colonial australia . 
  still though , just take it with a grain of salt . 
  60 minutes can be ... patchy in its reporting . 
  the fact that its most shocking footage , featured a scene that was quickly interrupted by a man on a mobility scooter tended to somewhat undermine the assertion it is one of many ghettos no one can or will enter . 
  ** edit ** recently at the moomba festival in melbourne a couple of hundred youths paraded through the city assaulting and harassing people . 
  they implicated largely sundanese and islander youths and started speaking of this ` apex ' gang . 
  now i , and basically everyone i know has never heard of an apex gang , but it is now a hot topic . 
  point i 'm trying to make , is if swedish reporters were to come to an immigrant-dense place in melbourne like dandenong and start compiling a highly editorialised piece , well it would n't be difficult to do . 
  i would n't personally stroll around dandenong at night either , but it 's not a ghetto . 
  i get a sense some of these 50-odd places in sweden are being overblown somewhat . 
  now that 's what you call passive aggressive tourism marketing !, 
  we have 2 ikea stores in melbourne actually , i lost my car in the monstrous carpark last time i was there . 
  i 'm genuinely curious , seeing as that 's a fairly steep price , where does all the money from book sales actually go to ? 
  the parties responsible for the annotation , somewhere else or both ? 
  i went to the schindler 's factory museum in krakow , and in there , there are many copies of young jewish children 's diary entries . 
  they have polish names , and they 're writing in polish . 
  i do n't see much reason to imply this was uncommon then , particularly seeing as jews had lived in krakow since the time of kazimierz the great . 
  europe is beautiful right throughout . 
  in my last trip i ended up in riga despite having zero plans to visit latvia at all ( courtesy of me not knowing much about it , ) and i was blown away . 
  riga was easily one of my favourite cities , and now i 'm lamenting not going the little extra bit further to estonia also !, 
  that depends entirely on the context , i think the brits are an easier target though . 
  they 're much further away , and some of the isolation makes for interesting banter . 
  the kiwis are a little more privy to aussie things . 
  i roomed with a guy from leeds , and a guy from sheffield back in august - and at times it was like we were speaking an entirely different language . 
  do n't worry , you 're underestimating how much aussies love messing with the british - germany will probably be extended a bit of that ` because it 's not the poms ' vote . 
  i thought i might warm up to a scandinavian winter with some practice , but even spending late october and november in continental europe was kinda depressing when the sun was gone at 3:30 pm ... 
  any time i stood somewhere within sight of this building at night , i half expected it to take off suddenly !, 
  i 'm visiting vienna atm and was totally surprised at like nearly every bar i 've been in has had people chuffing away . 
  never would 've guessed you still could inside , in austria beforehand . 
   some young people getting hassled for speaking irish on a bus in ireland . 
  ` how dare you speak a language we pay money towards preserving and being taught in our schools each year ! ', 
  irony is often an unintended consequence of crippling stupidity . 
  there are fuckheads in every country . 
  recently some cunt on a train told a woman that ` speak english in this country or go back to where you came from ' . 
  she was speaking an indigenous australian language . 
  their idea takes into account a lot of things one could consider either specious reasoning or a vast amount of assumption ; such as other armed people not causing confusion for police and emergency services during an active shooting , and that civilians even while armed will always seek to confront a psycho in the midst of a rampage . 
  implying the majority of active shooters think ` rationally ' and with regards to their own safety . 
  so what does that say about a lot of modern cities now , cramming ever more dogbox apartments in glass towers into city centres ? 
  warsaw is the kind of city if you 're visiting for 1 day you think is kinda ugly . 
  if you actually spend a little bit of time there though you change your view on it . 
  it has its own charm , really . 
  before i read this the countries in europe i guessed would be ; the netherlands , switzerland and denmark ( leaning towards sweden though ) , and the ones outside of europe being canada and new zealand . 
  wow that sounds hectic . 
  krakow seems pretty packed to the brim as it is during summer !, 
  a million ? 
  shit how did everyone find accommodation ? 
  i can clarify , while the republic status was desired , voters could n't agree on the form on the new government would take . 
  it 's not just about whether or not your country pays lip service to a monarchy . 
  if you do n't like terrorists , electing trump on that promise is going to have the opposite effect and i urge you not to do so . 
  there 'll be more bombings , more troops on the ground , and more dead american ( and coalition probably ) troops and iraqi/syrian civilians . 
  the iraq war was a disaster , and that could very well become iraq 2.0 . 
  in all fairness , austria may not be australia and vice-versa , but vienna sure capitalises on the confusion , with all their kangaroo tourism merchandise and multiple australian pubs ( which are pretty great btw , vegemite toast , rugby , league , and aussie rules footy on their tvs ) . 
  that 's why when i travel i have absolutely zero expectations for anything . 
  that way i 'm constantly positively surprised . 
  so far it 's worked , have n't been anywhere in europe that i did n't like . 
  op has not responded to you but i could take a guess at their sentiments . 
  our relationship to the uk could be called fairly bittersweet and complex i suppose , and there are australians that view the crown as throwing australia under the bus for its own gain many times in the past . 
  these people are often staunchly republican ( but there are all types here including staunch monarchists ) . 
  it 's hard to generalise what australians think ; many barely know the events taking place and what that means . 
  others are opportunistic republicans like fitzsimons trying to use this to shake more of the country out of their general apathy on the subject ( they also use basically every single australia day to do this too ) . 
  if i remember correctly , the last referendum was beaten down primarily because it was n't agreed on what the republic should actually look like , rather than the concept in basic principle . 
  then , i 'm sure there 's the others , who would be strongly pro-brexit , and hoping this is a chance for closer commonwealth ties than before , for some similiar reasons to the leave voters . 
  because ; ` congratulations scotland : england and wales just took your country back for you , ' would n't have sounded as good - and help whip up that nationalistic fervour , clearly . 
  yeah , that stopped me from coming to ukraine a couple of years ago . 
  it was a decent visa fee , and i would 've had to wait a longer time around warsaw for it to clear with the embassy . 
  but i finally visited last year because i have dual citizenship with an eu country now . 
  i loved it , it helped me to learn to read cyrillic !, 
  there 's not really a standard language or two that australian schools offer , so it tends to be up to the school in question . 
  my primary school offered italian , and my secondary offered italian and japanese , but that 's far from universal . 
  my cousins were offered french or german , and other schools do mandarin , or spanish , or indonesian etc. . . 
  that was my impression , but seemed oddly stubborn about it . 
  and she was n't the first of my european friends that have this attitude , despite it being common sense to me . 
  also it reminded me of my old italian teacher , who used to switch between teaching italian in aus , and english in italy and ( as esl in ) australia . 
  she had many interesting stories of perceptions of italians moving to or visiting australia , often regarding the weather but other things as well . 
  for those keen on travel , if you only know one thing about australia , let it be that you should wear sunscreen outdoors in summer . 
  my ukrainian mate reckons she 's going to come and tan here without issue cause she does it in ukraine . 
  all well and good , but the ozone layer is especially damaged in aus and uv rates go off the charts . 
  huge rates of skin cancer in australia because of this . 
  that 's crazy , my grandparents moved with my mother to australia during the 60s , but one of the uncles ( who also came out ) moved his family back to belfast because his wife was homesick . 
  you have to be * really * homesick to want to live in belfast during those decades . 
  i find people often tend to have a ` utilitarian ' opinion about things that really is just a convenient excuse for why they do n't like said thing . 
  like for example ; ` we have have more important things to worry about than the design of our nation 's flag ' . 
  strictly speaking a point like that is true , but it will also be true for every following year , from now until the sun explodes . 
  it 's pretty fucked up , the mining magnates and conservative media moguls have extraordinary political influence in this country . 
  at the height of the mining boom we should 've had a hefty mining tax in operation . 
  it 's basically one of the few industries that ca n't be outsourced , and it would 've set the country up for the future . 
  but no , we could n't eat into their profits or there 'd be hell to pay . 
  many here feel the frustration of the libs taking us backwards on climate change , and the ridiculous manus island situation . 
  you 're right about that , near where i live there 's a polish restaurant , polish bakery , polish deli , polish school and community hall , and all of the above there sponsor the local polish soccer team . 
  are we ? 
  i wish someone would tell our stupid politicians about that , because they 've done a great job ignoring the will of their constituents so far . 
  bialystok i found to be a pretty interesting city . 
  definitely has a far more pronounced eastern vibe to most of poland , and fascinating that it was the cradle of esperanto in a way . 
  i was with this girl who ordered a scottish whisky and coke in edinburgh . 
  the bartender refused to mix them but gave her a glass with the whisky and another one with the coke . 
  i by complete coincidence happened to be in edinburgh during st andrews day last year and got in for free .
