the majority of slovenians would imo certainly say , that they dislike the usa . 
  the majority of slovenians would certainly say , that the usa has negative effect on the world . 
  even before trump . 
  is n't that the best place in the usa ? 
  i live here . 
  i read the newspapers . 
  i read the fb and twitter ( mostly slovenians ) . 
  i talk to people , including my mother . 
  i , of course , can not say , that everybody in slovenia hate the usa ( `` hate '' is probably too strong word for it , anyway ) , but a good part of population is rabidly antiamerican . 
  americans are responsible for all the bad happening in the world , especially middle east ; americans meddle in other countries affairs ( even though , we approve ( d ) certain meddlings , for example , in bosnia ) ; american movies are bad ( even though we watch them ) , american food is bad ( all mcdonalds 's are full ) ; americans are poisoning us from above ( chemtrails ) ... etc. 
  so , we do n't like the usa , because it represents the authority ; even though , it 's far away and not really interested in us , we still feel it somehow regulating our lives . 
  and we do n't like that . 
  http://www.marketwatch.com/story/10-countries-that-hate-the-us-the-most-2015-06-11 it seems , that austria joined us on that list . 
  no doubt a bad influence from the south  there is no deal . 
  slovenia is a small country , that hates anybody , that is at the top . 
  but only silently , of course , behind your back . 
  we smile to your face and badmouth you , when you are not there . 
  so , do n't worry . 
  slovenians wo n't go on a shooting spree in central park  . 
  but they will silently hate you and blame you for all their problems , because they perceive usa as the `` master '' of the world . 
  and we hate masters . 
  we always had them ( germans , mostly ) , we smiled to their faces , but silently hated them behind their backs . 
  it 's and interesting psychological phenomenon , actually . 
  i am , of course , aware of all these things . 
  i am not trying to belittle the british role in ww2 . 
  why would i do that ? 
  yet , i would like to point out the following . 
  german peace with britain , while the germany would occupy the whole mainland europe , was , afaik , never seriously considered in britain . 
  part of the reason being , that brits knew , that hitler would ' t stop in calais , had he conquered the rest of europe . 
  again , just to be sure : i , myself , am equally thankful to anybody , that fought against nazis and fascists in ww2 . 
  be they americans , russians , british , canadians , polish , slovenian , french , etc. 
  i just chose today , to point the role of americans ( see above for reasons ) . 
  afaik , a lot of them , nearly half , volunteered . 
  i am focusing on americans for two ( maybe even three ) reasons : 1 . 
  it 's d-day anniversary . 
  we , in europe ( even you , in gb ) were under attack or occupied ( i could talk about young men in nazi-occupied europe , that did nothing - or even collaborate with germans - , even though , it was their own country , that was occupied , but i wo n't ) . 
  we had to do something - or perish ( slavic people , jews ... ) or live under nazi rule . 
  americans did n't have to do anything . 
  they were in no imminent danger ( from nazis ) . 
  they could simply lay back and watch the show . 
  yet they came here , fought and died . 
  you , in uk , had to fight - or be defeated by nazi germany . 
  americans did n't have to do anything . 
  that is my ( main ! ), 
  point . 
  the third point is , that i am getting sick of constant anti-americanism ( especially here , in slovenia , the most anti-american country in europe ) . 
  americans did and do stupid shit ( that thing with trump defies belief ) , but we must not forget , that they fought and died in ww2 , here , in europe . 
  to help us defeat the problem ( nazism and fascism ) , that was completely homegrown , european . 
  they helped us with our problem , that we ourselves made . 
  i 'll write something here , which will brand me as an american-lover ( ... or worse ) for all eternity . 
  but nevermind . 
  here it goes . 
  imagine , that you are a young american lad in 1941 . 
  your life is n't that bad . 
  you probably have a cool car , maybe a girlfriend . 
  you go to college , maybe you have a job . 
  nothing special , but you still lead infinitely better life than your peers in europe ( or anywhere else , for that matter ) . 
  sure , your country has been attacked . 
  but pearl harbor is far away . 
  there are no bombs raining on nyc or san francisco . 
  or gary , indiana . 
  and it is not that likely , that they will . 
  you are certainly in no imminent danger of war coming to you and your loved ones , like in europe or russia . 
  but nevertheless you go and volunteer . 
  you go to the f *** ing other side of the globe and die in some godforsaken beach . 
  because nazism and fascism must be stopped . 
  our lives here in europe are certainly not perfect today . 
  but they would be infinitely worse , if nazis won . 
  remember that simple fact : no matter the state of the world today , it would have been much , much worse , if nazis won . 
  and that young american dude that perished on that beach , was a small part of the reason for victory . 
  we should be eternally thankful to him . 
  we owe americans a great deal . 
  no matter of political situation today , we must remember that . 
  [ i 'm in no way trying to reduce the role of other young men and women , that brought victory in ww2 . ], 
  i have a feeling , that the next us president will have to go on `` world apologizing tour '' , when elected ( as somebody already said ) . 
  half of the american posts here are apologizing for trump  . 
  but i am afraid , the trump buffoonery is not the main problem for americans . 
  the more i look at it , the more i think , the trump is just a smoke screen for the real republican agenda : erasing the social achievements of the 20th century . 
  erasing social security and social state ( what 's left of it ) . 
  taking from the poor and giving to the rich . 
  while all the attention in on trump , his republican cronies are turning usa into brazil 2.0 . 
  ok . at least we know , where you stand . 
  listen , i 'll try to explain again , because you do n't seem to understand , what i am trying to say . 
  if you shift the blame from the actual perpetrator of terrorist act to `` the evil west '' ( or anyone else , for that matter ) , you take away the accountability of the actual perpetrator and make him a `` product '' ( your words ) of someone else . 
  if a terrorist is not to blame for his own actions ( because he was `` made '' like this by the western policies ) , if he is not capable of making his own decisions , then what you are saying is , that he is not human or at least not adult . 
  because adults are by definition capable of making their own decisions and be held accountable for them . 
  i 'll tell you , what the problem is with your comment . 
  and with your logic . 
  if `` we '' ( `` the west '' , `` uk/us '' ... etc. ), 
  are ( ultimately ) at fault for this attack ( and others ) , if these attacks are `` the product of our policies '' ( which are stupid and harmful , i agree ) , then what you are basically saying is , that the actual perpetrators have no will of their own . 
  what you are saying , that they are unable to make up their own minds , make their own decisions , act on them , and accept the consequences of their decisions and actions ( the definition of adulthood ) . 
  they are therefore not `` adult '' , but some kind of children , or even worse , `` a product '' ( as you say ) . 
  they are not capable of making their own decisions , they are only capable of primitive reactions on the actions of others ( us ) . 
  it is incredible to me , how the so called `` regressive left '' ( that propagate the notion , that `` the evil west '' is the reason for everything bad in this world ) can not comprehend the endgame of their logic ; if you blame the west ( `` western policies '' , `` bombs '' , ... etc. ), 
  for the terrorist attacks , then the actual perpetrators have no accountability of their own , and are therefore not human in the same sense as we are human . 
  if the terrorists are `` the product '' , they can not be fully human . 
  if you take away someone 's accountability , you take away their humanity . 
  as simple as that . 
  the truth is , that those , that claim , that `` we '' are ultimately to blame for terrorist attacks , are just as racist as the far right . 
  the regressive left and the far right both see `` others '' ( in this case muslims ) as not the same as us .
