no , i am sorry , i misunderstood you because my brain is tired . 
  you wrote it correctly the first time . 
   which would require at least 7 in the coalition parties . 
  7 coalition parties ? 
  how many parties do you have there ? 
  is everyone in iceland a member of one or another party ? 
  well , / u/ghost _ goggles was talking about killing cossacks and priests , referring to the october revolution , and then you brought up russian peasantry rising against the crown , even though that 's a different revolution - namely the february one . 
  so i thought i would just remind everyone about the fact that those two revolutions were , in fact , two revolutions , not one long revolution . 
  but ... do n't they want to win the next election ? 
  fun fact : october and february revolutions are two different revolutions . 
  all that is true , i was just wondering about the original surname his grandparents had before the war . 
  and also felt that maybe mpvprb would like to know it , because quite a few descendants of the lithuanian refugees wish to know more about their lithuanian heritage . 
  my point was not to offend . 
  could it have been mykolaitis ? 
  pronounced ` meek-o-lite-is ' ( pronounce each bit as an english word with a stress on ` lite ' ) . 
  sorry , but that surname you wrote does not sound like a lithuanian one ... 
  it 's fun to agree on reddit :d oh , you deleted it :(, 
  and how about this : http://www.druskininkai.lt/drusk/m/m_images/wfiles/i2s6p96304.jpg ? 
  and they did n't so now we have these camps for them where we take away their valuables . 
    incredibly unjust . 
   but is n't it the same rule that applies to danish citizens themselves ? 
  how is it unjust . 
    incredibly unjust . 
  my only argument is that the refugees will need to start their lives in a new country from scratch , whereas danes probably ( ! ), 
  have a network of family and friends they could rely on . 
  i also do n't think the refugees have a lot of jewels with them . 
  well , only the fanciest houses in sssr were brutalist . 
  the block houses , however , were just ugly and not quite finished . 
  i 'm starting to think you are a troll . 
  yes , brazauskas did apologize , and yet our genocide museum is about genocide against lithuanians for some reason ( oh , and i ca n't legally even say that lithuanians did not experience genocide as they were murdered and banished to die for social , not ethnic reasons ) and none of the criminals were ever punished , even though they were still alive and un handed over a nice crisp case to lithuania . 
  also , do n't put words in my mouth . 
  i am not saying any of those things about other countries . 
  um , are you getting at that we , individual living lithuanians , should not beat ourselves with a leash in order to atone for our sins ? 
  because if so , that is not what i am saying either . 
  also , you are right that not all germans were nazis and i think that nowadays germans should not feel guilty about what some of their ancestors did ( voluntarily or forced ) . 
  however , it does n't mean that hitler 's germany was not responsible for the holocaust . 
  and germany really recognized that and apologized , and tried to cultivate a culture that would ensure that this does not happen again . 
  on the other hand , until very recently lithuania was just saying what you are saying about poor farmers and few degenerates , except that lithuania did it as a state to the faces of survivors and israeli officials . 
  ok , so poland also had similar problems and outcomes and they also should have handled it better . 
  still , i am not a pole , i am a lithuanian and imo that was the worst thing lithuania did . 
  i 'm not saying that every single lithuanian killed the jews or actively participated in that . 
  i am saying , however , that the majority of the population , except the several hundred who actively tried to save jews , turned a blind eye to the genocide even if only a few thousand degenerates were actively involved . 
  i am also saying that this is the worst thing lithuania is responsible for . 
  90 \u2105 jews were killed . 
  that is the largest percentage of all occupied countries . 
  you ca n't kill that many people without support from the society . 
  genocide of the jews during nazi occupation . 
  after the war only 10 % of lithuanian jews population were left ... :\\, 
  abba is awesome !, 
  good to hear it worked out , 
  i remember olekas saying that there will be a committee for such cases and they , upon receiving your application , may cancel your conscription . 
  have you gone that route and if so , how did it go ? 
  cepelinai and fast internet ftw !, 
  my personal lithuanian opinion : every eu citizen has a right to choose where to live and work . 
  i feel sad not because they are leaving ( i am happy if they are ) , but because of the reasons they left . 
  those reasons are not only economical but for some people it may also be homophobia , corruption ( it 's frustrating even if it is sort of getting better ) , worse universities , government ineffectiveness and general feeling of injustice . 
  are russian speakers of latvia separatist now ? 
  edit : and there are no separatists in northern ireland now ? 
  that 's how i understand it . 
  from [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/independence_of_moldova ) :  on june 23 , 1990 , the parliament adopted the declaration of sovereignty of the soviet socialist republic moldova , which , among other things , stipulated the supremacy of moldovan laws over those of the soviet union . 
  after the failure of the 1991 soviet coup d'\u00e9tat attempt , on august 27 , 1991 , moldova declared its independence . 
  anyway , it was great that moldova supported our independence too , 
  they eat rotten ( `` fermented '' ) shark meat sometimes , their nature is beautiful , game of thrones wall scenes are filmed there , people use very bright colours to dye their houses , they went bankrupt in 2009 ( but not really , they just told everyone they were bankrupt , but they continued to live well , kindda ) , they teach danish at schools as a second foreign language , because ( despite ? ), 
  they used to be a part of denmark until mid xx century , they have a real glacier , bjork is from iceland . 
  yay !, 
  so terrorism is the new satanism ? 
  you know , goth teenagers sitting in a cemetery around some candles placed to form a pentagram , chanting nonsense . 
  usually it 's all in good fun , nobody really believes in satan , but then sometimes , very , extremely , rarely , they actually do a `` sacrifice '' or just murder to prove how evil they are and the society is then all horrified and saying `` i can not believe it happened ! '' . 
  not trying to say that terrorism is as funny as satanism , just that she might have had a similar thought process as such teenagers . 
   but the whole waifuculture is more a kind of joke speak for yourself . 
  i personally consider [ daryun ] ( http://static.zerochan.net/daryun.%28arslan.senki%29.full.1996278.jpg ) from arslan senki my husbando . 
  the map is definitely a joke . 
  pray , what is this ` comfort zone ' thou speakest of ? 
  and how may i enter it ? 
  lithuanian kids are notorious for disregarding their parents . 
  maybe we just do n't want our children to have relationships in general :d, 
  dragon eggs !, 
  i hope the food inspection does not decide to incinerate them . 
  thanks for releasing me from my conspiracy prison :d, 
  so , why is there so much attention to eggs ? 
  is this a lobby campaign for free-range chickens ? 
  i do n't like having conspiracy theories : /, 
  nah , partial membership would be convenient to use as a `` see , westerners just think they 're better than us . '', 
  by russia-supported politicians . 
  what 's up with all these eggs ? 
  in the national media i 've seen 3 articles about eggs in the past two days . 
  then i go to reddit - and apparently whole europe is talking about it . 
  seems like a campaign of some sort . 
  just so . 
  so that 's pretty much all deposits then . 
  what is the point of this ? 
  if a bank falls and you do n't withdraw before that , your account with all that 100k gets frozen and you ca n't access it . 
  sure , the state later returns the money to you , but your suppliers may not wait , especially if you 're already late . 
  especially if the suppliers were also customers of the same bank and now need cash for their own needs . 
  yeah , but if i have a small business and i need to pay my suppliers - other small businesses - then i ca n't wait 3 months for the insurance to be paid out . 
  this is bullshit . 
  a bank - snoras - collapsed in lithuania during the crisis and even with the insurance quite a few small businesses went bankrupt , because they rarely have a surplus of money necessary to wait for the insurance system to work . 
  i mean , if that 's the case , i would rather keep my money in a mattress . 
  it 's my money , after all . 
  but you have arjen lucassen , who invites all those metal musicians for his albums !,
