does n't mean people ca n't make light hearted jokes , jeez . 
  they were outnumbered , outgunned and under restrictive un roe as a sign of goodwill . 
  standing against the massacre would not have done anything to prevent it . 
  there was a huge , crushing guilt on those soldiers afterwards and a lot of veterans from these forces still perform charity and try to set things right in this country even now . 
  i see people calling our troops cowards for what they did but i would like to know what those people would have done if they had stood there in their place . 
  lots of dutch students go to music festivals in hungary during the summer as well . 
  that is , unfortunately , very subjective , especially regarding the elzas . 
  the area has been highly contested and has switched control quite a few times in history . 
  dude that was during the american civil war ... 
  it 's all working out in the end because they all convince us to go on holiday in turkey . 
  to be fair most of them were always called guest workers , and they were never meant to be immigrants . 
  luckily enough stayed around afterwards . 
  nuclear is still an active input / output system : nuclear ores need to be dug up in mines and nuclear waste needs to be stored as to not ruin the environment . 
  once a wind , solar or hydro plant has been built the only input still required is either supplied by the environment or in the form of maintenance . 
  sounds like a proper dutchman , accent is perfect for a dutchman living in the west of the netherlands . 
  if you 'd only let people hear the clip of him speaking they 'd assume he was native ( if a bit flustered to be interviewing and thus having a little trouble picking his words ) . 
  flemish ( and the southern dutch dialects ) do n't sounds as ` harsh ' because they do n't always pronounce the ` t 's at the end of a word and they do n't use the typical dutch ` ch ' sounds ( known as the ` hard g ' ) . 
  nothing to dread ? 
  it 's seen as a positive dialect of the dutch language , we think it sounds a little bit formal with all the ge - `` gij '' but they 're perfectly understandable . 
  a lot of people i know put their gps-assistance on the flemish female voice because it sounds so much more friendly and nice than the normal dutch one . 
  also re : walloni\u00eb the local nature there is wonderful and i saw a lot of interesting geological features . 
  also the people i spoke to were quite nice even though i could n't use their computers because of the azerty keyboards . 
  made it quite a pain when i needed to google translate something !, 
  namur falls under walloni\u00eb does n't it ? 
  had a great time at the fortress there last year . 
  name actually differs a bit from place to place . 
  some places only call it oorlog if you add ketchup , mayonaise and onions as well . 
  and i 'll thank you in advance !, 
  also if you ever get back try and get a `` kapsalon '' , they are terrific . 
  it 's satay sauce you belgian heathen !, 
  you do n't have the monopoly on fries !, 
  i 'll make some tonight especially now you 've said that !, 
  no we just sometimes add stuff to the luikse waffles as wel i 'm afraid , 
  my only real experience is how we handle them in the netherlands and we 're obviously doing it wrong then , 
  man you 're so lucky too , the weather is terrific . 
  nothing better than sitting on a terrace in the sun with some belgian beer and some bites to eat ... 
  we do n't really have maple syrup in europe . 
  belgian waffles are traditionally eaten with a topping of whipped cream with powdered sugar or chocolate sauce , and at times you 'll see random pieces of fruit on top . 
  nah but there 's a general attitude that what we have works for us and if you do n't like it , we 're not gon na change for you . 
  and for some people that can be followed through with : and if you do n't like it , leave it . 
  noone will sign disarmament treaties with russia anymore as well . 
  russia would n't invade , they would restore order for the ukrainian government , leave a few brigades behind and call it a policing action . 
  nato would n't start a war over that , they would just speed up their efforts for the missile shield in eastern europe and increase military capabilities on the eastern borders . 
  russia would send over a few more tupolevs to irritate our airforces . 
  also russia still is one of the few big players in the world , do n't underestimate them . 
  us would n't start a war over that , do n't be fooled . 
  they would start ramping up their efforts for their rocket shield though and you can bet countries would be more willing to help them out with that than currently . 
  sure it will use it 's position on the energy market , but military action is a whole different beast altogether . 
  because the eu funds anti-corruption organizations in countries where there is a higher degree of corruption than normal like [ this ] ( http://www.coe.int/t/dghl/cooperation/economiccrime/corruption/projects/tysap/documents/tysap%20summary%20en.pdf ) and often requires that countries work on lowering their corruption before continuing giving financial support . 
  ideally it 's like lowering corruption as export product into the closer financial markets even though it might not always work out that way . 
  mate chechoslavakia has n't been a thing anymore for quite a while now . 
  both the cold war and the balkan wars have been over for quite a while as well . 
  and iirc the last time they were in hungary was when people still called people the soviet union . 
  political climates change , man . 
  well i ca n't remember russia 's army being used to police their sovereign neighbour states much previous years , with the georgia/ossetia skirmish being one of the exceptions . 
  although i must admit i 'm not well versed in russian politics so please tell me if i have it wrong !, 
  russia wo n't easily use it 's army to police the ukraine , it would cost them too much favour with the eu and the nato . 
  wanting to be relevant in an increasingly international world and having a say in what is going on does n't mean wanting to be the best , the strongest or the most influential . 
  even though you only hold an entry level job in a company you might still want to have a say in for example your company 's holiday policy without wanting to hold a top level function at the same time . 
  also the eu is an union of countries representing it 's members on the international economic level , and it does not have imperialistic ambitions because it 's not a single entity . 
  you ca n't compare the empires of previous millennia with what the eu represents, 
  the desire to have something to say in what is happening around in the world should in no way be conflated with nationalism/patriotism . 
  do n't forget the eu is based on an economic union and is still viewed by some member countries ( i.e. 
  the uk ) as being mainly for that function . 
  linking to the sub is of forbidding by their rules , btw, 
  we dutch like our multiculturalism very much , thank you . 
  hey , not to be ` that guy ' , but you know linking that subreddit is grounds for being banned from it ? 
  yeah i mean i get that we ask the russians out of courtesy so we can say we protect the vessels that choose to fly our flag ( which we earn money from iirc , merchants flag ) but this was a violation of the law no matter how you look at it . 
  you dont board other peoples ships or platforms . 
  sounds pretty fun , probably no need to even kidnap us just supply the tools needed . 
  i mean the holidays coming up and i need to fill it anyways . 
  nevermind suriname , where the sint is a black duder ... 
  linking to the sub is apparently against their rules , fyi, 
  it was not an ad hominem . 
  i refuted your claim by telling you they were under a peacekeeping mandate with inadequate supplies , not by calling you a disphit . 
  if you ca n't handle being called that , do n't act like one . 
  the disgrace was that a blue helmet force was expected to handle an impossible situation under an impossible mandate with zero support . 
  again , a failure of high command , not local troops . 
  the nato spearhead force has adequate equipment , a clear mandate and if activated will have proper support . 
  they 'll do their best to protect your sorry ass in case anything happens . 
  but i suspect in that case the hare will be you . 
  they were n't there as soldiers , they were there as peace keepers , dipshit . 
  go read up on how un peacekeeping missions are intended and how they work . 
  dutch forces fight just fine when they act in their fighting role . 
  i 'm white washing nothing . 
  what happened was an atrocity . 
  it 's right the government was found guilty for setting up an impossible mission under an impossible mandate and many innocent people died because of it . 
  but comparing those soldiers with hares is disgusting . 
  they were besieged , personnel was taken hostage , and under a strict un roe and mandate . 
  assured un/nato assistance was denied to save the lives of hostages . 
  what could they have done according to you , o great general ? 
  the soldiers actually there , not the government or the un/nato . 
  i think that 's part of a tentative plan to set up a joint brigade with germany . 
  not sure how those talks developed . 
  our army does not operate tank units anymore . 
  what you see is a fennek , a vehicle used by the cav scouts , air defense and comm units . 
  of course they would n't escalate violence by firing . 
  they were a peacekeeping force with associated roe , in a town in a valley , with enemy tanks and artillery on the hills which they could not do anything about . 
  un soldiers had already been taken hostage , they would have been killed in retaliation as well . 
  they had been blockaded and cut off from resupply for days , and were out of fuel for their vehicles .
