  in germany it 's 65 % , but the urban/rural and generational gaps are n't as extreme so the number is more evenly distributed among the population . 
  buildings in the us are made of wood ? 
  is n't that really flammable ? 
  yes . 
  the us generally practices assimilation . 
  europe is more like canada in this regard , where you can stay culturally whatever you want as long as you function in society and do n't bother others . 
  at least , that 's the impression i got from a relative who moved there . 
  there 's an article on / r/romania right now about three priests who ` recruited ' children and forced them to beg in the west . 
  worse ? 
  none of them will stay here . 
  hell , * our own * population used to work illegally in west europe not too long ago , and that only changed because they can work there legally now . 
  you do n't have to assimilate to integrate . 
  for some reason people think that you have to give up your own cultural identity to integrate yourself into another one . 
  did you reply to the wrong post ... ? 
  it 's a recent issue ? 
  the bulk of the refugees we 're taking is n't even here yet . 
  integrating a minority does not mean changing their ethnicity , their cultural and historical heritage !, 
  and before you even start , no this does not include ` traditions ' like beating your wife and selling your daughters . 
  seems like i only ever talked to those 24-35 % then . 
  and yes , i did bring this subject up with random strangers . 
  since we had about 0 protests on the subject , i ca n't imagine the anti sentiment being stronger than a vague preference either . 
  that 's how it works for america , but not for europe . 
  i 'm saying this as an ethnic minority ( hungarian in romania ) myself . 
  it 's both ? 
  you can be a bulgarian or a romanian roma , but you ca n't be an ethnically romanian or ethnically bulgarian ethnic roma . 
  like how someone can be an ethnic turk in germany ( born and raised there ) , or an ethnic hungarian in romania ... 
  they have whatever bias gives them viewers , and it changes from programme to programme depending on which talking heads they invite . 
  they need more controversy in the subject , because right now the general population just thinks that they need to be helped versus no money to help them ( which gets shot down easily when you tell them that the eu is willing to pay ) . 
  for better or worse , romania was one of the countries sympathetic to muslims after the hebdo massacre . 
  no they would n't . 
  speak for yourself . 
  my region of romania ( banat ) has been historically multicultural , with a mixed population of germans , serbs , romanians , gypsies , jews ... 
  there are mixed regions in other parts of the country too , and even some muslim villages in dobrogea . 
  it 's just that guy . 
  romanian sentiment tends to be pro-refugees . 
   thousands of protesters have gathered in several polish cities why say eastern europeans when it 's just people in poland ? 
  absolutely nobody in romania is protesting them , as much as our media would like us to . 
  and you call * him * an asshole ? 
  so syria gave them warm , solid housing with tvs , three meals , hot water and a tv in their room ? 
  if so , respect and i apologise . 
  you 're missing the point here though . 
  it 's not about `` asylum seekers getting a lot '' , it 's all these reports along the lines of `` bulgaria is a shithole we want another country '' , `` we do n't want to eat spaghetti and macaroni '' , `` we want apartments in a city '' etc. . . 
  they reek of * entitlement * . 
  not saying that there * are n't * people saying that they 're getting a lot , and these people usually live in poverty themselves ( like that beggar on the street corner you mentioned ) , and they 're right compared to their situation . 
   saying we have no right to ask for luxuries is full of shit , because we are human just like you . 
  i do not have the right to ask for luxuries from my government , and neither does anybody else . 
  well , we do , technically , but it will never be approved . 
  this was n't even possible during communist times - a welfare state like you describe does n't exist anywhere in europe . 
   everyone has the right to luxuries what kind of spoiled rich kid were you when you first left your country ? 
  luxuries do n't work like that . 
  nowhere in europe does the government provide luxuries for its populace - at best they provide welfare which is paid from the taxes the people pay before and after they are on it . 
  these governments have * no * obligation to even give you that welfare , seeing as you are not a citizen - whatever they do comes from a place of altruism and humanity . 
  if you 've been following the discussions , they * are * trying to give you as much as they can . 
  you wo n't be getting caviar , ponies and trips to disneyland , but you have a warm room in winter , food and some basic entertainment ( the tv ) , maybe even a meagre allowance . 
  would syria do the same for refugees from other places ? 
  i seriously doubt it . 
  yes , all of that ( except for the fireworks part ) does sound like entitled complaints . 
  the housing sounds no different to how students live - except you also get tvs and it 's presumably free . 
  i 'm from a poor country myself . 
  colour me unsympathetic to those ` terrible ' conditions . 
   when they have less than the average citizen you know that thing about averages ? 
  a good percentage of any country has less than that , or it would n't be called average . 
   chemnitz -- known as karl-marx-stadt during communist times -- has only three mosques and fewer than 500 syrians among the city 's 14,000 foreign inhabitants . 
  `` only '' 3 mosques ? 
  it only has a population of 240k people !, 
  getting the dual citizenship involves a lot of paperwork , sometimes in a different county , unless you still have your great-grandparent 's birth certificate . 
  none of my family ever bothered . 
  abortions are post-factum - you do n't worry about the cost until after having sex . 
  condoms are ~ 12 ron / 3 pcs . 
  that 's around 2.5 eur , but comparing wages it 's closer to the equivalent of actual 12 eur if not more . 
  they cost about the same as a pack of cigarettes . 
  you have a point there . 
  we had lessons about discrimination , women 's rights ( effie briest ) and religious diversity ( nathan der weise ) , so i was expecting more of that and less political history . 
  ( i went to a german-language hs and we followed a german curricula for the deutschstunde . ), 
  immigrant/refugee is interchangeable in this . 
  they are refugees to europe , immigrants to germany in particular . 
   they teach them stuff about germany that even germans do n't know . 
  i expect them to teach stuff about germany that germans learned in highschool . 
  so , could you please give me an example of something they are taught that germans do n't know ? 
  i can speak some moldovan !, 
  birth control is relatively expensive , also lots of religion , also very little/no sex ed . 
  the number still seems a little crazy though . 
  you 're right of course . 
  the eu has been great to us so far , and we really should take as many immigrants as we can . 
  but i do n't even understand why romanian politicians are worried about this . 
  6000 is the size of a village , we have a population of 18 million . 
  we can take them no problem at the same living standard most of the country has - the real issue is that they do n't want to be here , and there 's nothing we could do about that . 
  we ca n't actually help germany and sweden . 
  i 'm mostly amused at them . 
  sure romania is n't great , but i doubt it 's worse than even pre-war syria . 
   not greytexting on reddit smh tbh, 
  you 're one to talk about keeping a conversation civil . 
  you should expect immigrants to learn it * because * they are immigrants . 
  they are * choosing * to move to germany . 
  and are you saying german culture has no place in the current german lifestyle ? 
  ` historical and meaningless literature ' ? 
  what i do n't even i 'm keeping this short because i 've already read most of your replies so i know that i will not agree with anything you say . 
  but : respect . 
  it 's important to show respect to your host country , i hope you agree at least with this . 
  huh , we used to use it interchangeaby with gypsy at my old workplace .
