  they might not even be practicing muslims , the way i 'm culturally catholic but an atheist . 
  judaism ca n't exactly be called a race either , but it 's certainly an ethnicity . 
  you can technically be a jew and belong to a different religion if your mother was jewish ( afaik , i might be wrong ) . 
  huh . 
  now that you mention it , good question . 
  islam * is not a race * the same way * christianity * or buddhism or shinto are n't races . 
  i learned a lot of shiny new german words just now . 
  but , not even knowing it exists ? 
  i use a regular browser ( opera ) and can see the image , but not the text . 
  * romanian is not a race, 
   negotiations have carefully incorporated practically every advanced economy except for the `` brics '' coalition of emerging markets ( which stands for brazil , russia , india , china , and south africa ) . 
  yeah , let 's alienate russia even further with shit like this . 
  i 'm sure that 's going to work out great . 
   they steal , run scams it 's a negative feedback loop . 
  alternatively , if the stabbing fails , her husband and extended family might be lurking somewhere close and throw an axe after him . 
  ( a former coworker was caught in the middle of an incident like this once . ), 
  there 's a reason they 're so hated here , y' know . 
  gypsies kidnapping kids and using them as beggars is so common it 's a cliche . 
  wtf moldova , why did i have to miss their performance, 
  russia : `` when you hear our voices call , you wo n't be lonely anymore '' * shiver *, 
  worst names :  ( 1 . ), 
  adolf ( 2,4 % ) oh wow , so kevin is literally a worse name than hitler ? 
  pascal ( 6,8 % )  ( 1 . ), 
  hannah ( 82,2 % ) for * leistungsstark * moments like this i 'm glad i was born female . 
  my mother wanted to name me pascal . 
  i wonder how much the choice of sophie was influenced by growing up watching [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emxpnhn8or0&amp;hd=1 ) . 
  mind , at 10-11 , fifth grade . 
  i cared a lot more about dolls and lego than local geography or history . 
  that said , i could list our other neighbors , but moldova was generally mentioned as `` basarabia '' at school and i was under the impression that there was a huge chunk of romania belonging to ukraine just over the prut . 
  our history lessons in 4th grade were very brief . 
  well , the first time i heard about moldova-the-country ( as opposed to moldova-the-region ) was from a german newspaper when i was 11 . 
  someone from denmark never having heard about it is not surprising . 
  they 're more likely to have a fancy smartphone than either a computer or a tablet , because you can get one for free on any basic 6 to 13 $ subscription with thousands of minutes included . 
  it 's a reasonable investment if you spend a lot of time talking on the phone . 
  why so sad , hungary ? 
  i was n't aware romania had a muslim population at all , huh . 
  she 's almost 80 . 
  i asked my grandmother . 
  they had easter bunnies when she was a child and it was not considered a ` catholic thing ' ( her orthodox friends also had it ) . 
  and eggs were painted orange or green , never red . 
  the orange came from the onion peels mentioned in this thread . 
  pretty much everyone accepts that explanation is religious backpedaling . 
  also , we celebrate easter with rabbits and eggs . 
  `` vine iepurasul '' and all . 
  this is the first time i 've seen anyone say it ' a an ` import ' , like they routinely complain valentine 's is . 
  the stores are full of chocolate rabbits , egg dye is sold in all colours , and there are even some live rabbits in the park right now . 
  it 's a thing in romania . 
  i never realised it 's not a thing in some places !, 
  how about it 's kept just in countries with few daylight hours ? 
  over here , right now , sunset happens way too late in the evening anyway . 
  fuck no . 
  i hate leaving to work before sunrise . 
   liver paste ... i 'm pretty sure we have that too ? 
  if i 'm mixing it up with something else , it still does n't sound scary . 
   boiled animals heads my grandmother uses boiled pig head ( sans brains and other unpleasant parts ) to make sausage . 
  it 's pretty good . 
   tripe soup i always found this one really weird . 
  we did n't make it at home , so growing up i thought it was a weird euphemism for a punch in the gut ( which it is ) , not actual food . 
  imagine my surprise ( and my friends ' surprise ) when i found out they actually make soup out of stomach lining . 
  i need that picture as a jigsaw puzzle , it looks amazing . 
  funny for you to say that , since wallachia was busy keeping them as fucking slaves at the time . 
  only if by eastern europe you mean russia . 
  except the part where mental health patients are * less * likely to commit violence , and more likely to become victims . 
  intersexual means * not * female , * not * male . 
  biologically . 
  this is not transgender , which is psychological , this is a biological third gender , whether you like it or not . 
  `` it '' does not force her to choose her gender , we do . 
  i do n't know if this person qualifies , but you ca n't deny this exists and is actually a thing . 
  i do n't understand your point . 
  intersexual * is * a third gender , if she is intersexual then she does n't have a gender . 
  even if her parents assigned her one without her consent , as is often the case ( and part of the reason why you see them so rarely ) , she can identify as what she wants : whether the gender that was n't chosen for her , or her biological gender of * none * . 
  you said this gender is infinitesimally rare , and i contradicted you . 
  you seem to think she is delusional because that is more common , quoting a number that does n't make it any more common ( 1/500 chance of delusion over the course of a * lifetime * ) . 
  i meant assignment , as in a sex is assigned to the baby that does n't have one . 
  if that baby wants to be another gender when they grow up , why not ? 
  this discussion is still in the context of sweden - from the discussions below , they already have perfectly fine non-gender specific pronoun that the teacher chose not to use . 
  i 'm not sure what `` lifetime prevalence '' means - that you develop it over the course of your life ? 
  does that include old people ? 
  since when does that include transgender identities ? 
  the numbers i quoted are people who * from birth * do not fit into male/female . 
  their * biological * gender is intersex . 
  you do not see them very often , because why would they tell you ? 
  and sex assignment surgeries and corrective surgeries on genitalia are * very * common right after birth in their cases . 
  how do you know that ? 
  infinitesimally rare = 1/1500 to 1/2000 births ? 
  http://www.isna.org/faq/frequency even if the numbers here are high because the source is biased , when i originally learned about this the number i heard was 1 in 6000 births , which is still a lot . 
  err , i 'm sure at least 65 % of * any * religion would say this . 
  their homophobia and ` is killing acceptable if ' rates are more telling . 
  we had squat toilets in some schools i visited when i was small . 
  as a girl , i always hated them because i could n't aim my stream and sometimes it 'd go too far ahead , and i never got the hang of balancing comfortably when squatting . 
  that 's like excluding every town named st something instead of saint something . 
  h&m represent here too , although it 's not as common . 
  that was interesting - i do n't like watermelon , papaya or red bell peppers either . 
  i should look up lycopene . 
   lycopene from the neo-latin lycopersicum , the tomato species , is a bright red carotene and carotenoid pigment and phytochemical found in tomatoes and other red fruits and vegetables , such as red carrots , watermelons , gac , and papayas , although not in strawberries , or cherries . 
  [ 2 ] although lycopene is chemically a carotene , it has no vitamin a activity . 
  [ 3 ] foods that are not red may also contain lycopene , such as asparagus or parsley . 
  [ 2 ] well . 
  i only like strawberries and cherries from that list . 
  i do n't like tomatoes either !,
