unless you guys vote ponta again , in which case see you well after 2025 !, 
  easy for you to say . 
  you are n't right under russia 's shadow . 
  hahah , you should listen to my aunt , she talks as if the whole region lined up one by one to punch her in the face . 
  but yeah , you 're right , generally speaking and for anyone younger than 80 , it is . 
  let me try to explain why transylvania * and * banat hate moldavians . 
  it 's because at the beginning of the communist times , houses were seized , the people who lived there thrown out and deported and shady people with strange accents were imported to live there by the new government . 
  look at the historical population statistics of say , timisoara , and how quickly it filled up with a romanian majority . 
  the people who originally lived there and in the surrounding villages * remember * this and their hate and disgust perpetuated across generations . 
  many are still fighting to get their seized property back . 
  another contributing factor was that , during communist times , many were `` assigned '' to work in moldova , and returned with horror stories from those regions with much poorer infrastructure and education . 
  it 's changing though . 
  the younger generation ( under 40 ? ), 
  does n't have any direct reason to hate you guys . 
  i do n't either . 
  also , who the fuck cares about ottomans these days ? 
  it 's exactly the same here . 
  it 's compounded by the fact that transylvania ( and banat to a much lesser degree ) * has a sizeable population of ethnic minorities who do n't even identify with the country . 
  how our ancestors were treated ? 
  how about , how everyone was treated when romania took over ? 
  people also forget banat was also austro-hungarian . 
  my grandmother had a terrible time when the territory was seized . 
  it 's not black and white . 
  nevermind , it 's far too late at night to try and give you a better answer . 
  i 'm also an atheist , but that has nothing at all to do with what i 'm saying . 
  i mean , religion ties into ethnicity and community here . 
  it 's not a separate thing like sexual orientation and such . 
  you have to ask a different question to find out if someone really is christian . 
  i 'm hungarian , i 'm catholic by * default * , despite that not being anywhere close to my religious identity . 
  catholic just means i get the other set of easter holidays free from work , that i write jesus differently and that i might buy an advents calendar . 
  but these things describe neither me , nor any religious behaviour on my part . 
  but it 's enough to put me as catholic on every single list out there . 
  i 'm not * christian * , but i 'm culturally catholic , even though i do n't believe in god or identify with the faith at all . 
  does that make sense ? 
  ( edited for clarification ), 
  i do n't identify as christian yet i 'm catholic on all polls i 've taken , because i never cared enough to argue the issue . 
  it 's also cultural in that if you 're a minority ( hungarian or german ) you * have * to put down catholic , in a sense , because it 's basically synonymous , regardless of what you practice - it 's for visibility . 
  romanians feel similar about the orthodox church . 
  a lot of them not just not identify as religious in any way , but they actually * hate * that church , but would still write it down . 
  all this makes it a useless question if you try to make a statistic about religiosity . 
  but ... that 's not rigging , that 's just how people think here . 
  unless they 've been specifically warned against it , most wo n't give it a second thought . 
  a more useful follow-up question would be ` how often do you go to church ' , and count just the ones that say 2 + times a year . 
  ( 2 + because easter , you 're usually dragged there by friends and family , especially if you have kids . ), 
  if poland is anything like romania when it comes to this , poll questions usually go like : `` what 's your religion ? '', 
  `` i 'm not religious ... '' `` well are you baptized ? '', 
  `` yeah , as catholic '' * `` i 'll just put you down as catholic then . '', 
  the pollers also have their ingrained opinions . 
  i still consider it the best video on the the entire internet . 
  the entire song is so hilariously perverted it 's hard to believe that it was n't intentional . 
  it 's even worse when you consider that it 's apparently some sort of sunday school children 's song . 
  here 's a sample : `` cock , cock , cock , licking like i ca n't get enough of it cock , cock , cock , i 'm shoving my ass and boobs in their faces cock , cock , cock , you 're entering ... like a dick cock , cock , cock , licking like i ca n't get enough of it nanananana ... '' also , not to forget `` kiss yummy banana '', 
  yes , but those could n't have been * romanian * romas because the borders were closed . 
  also , `` romas and gypsies '' ? 
  i read a report on poverty in america once ( about a girl named dasani and her family , i think ) . 
  they owned a wii and lived in a very spacious room . 
  so yeah , you could argue for that . 
  considering people were n't even allowed out of the country 25 years ago ... 
  my grandmother always told me those were moldavians . 
  i think they just picked whomever they hated . 
  ( her village was mixed hungarian/german so she witnessed a lot of what you described happening . 
  some of her stories are horrifying . ), 
  that 's only true for students and people from highly skilled professions ( doctors , programmers ) . 
  most just go work for a month , or two , or three , and then return to their family . 
  taking care of elderly in austria is the most common one . 
  i 'm starting to think we will , to be honest . 
  salaries are already discussed in euro , and people have started mentioning the price of things in euro as well from time to time ( `` a pack of cigarettes is about 3 euro '' ) . 
  people who go to work in other countries are a large contributing factor . 
  i know these things do n't really matter when it comes to adopting the euro as currency , but hopefully it reflects a trend . 
  we know . 
  believe me , we know . 
  the villages i 've visited more consistently ( mostly around timisoara ) have a ` village well ' sort of thing where people go and fill up whatever containers they have . 
  ... then again , there are also houses with running water in those places , so they 're * not exactly representative for the sort of poverty we 're talking about . 
  the article these pictures are from said that the women in that village start having children at 12-15 and all families have between 6-8 and up to 12 children . 
  so it 's possible . 
  thanks for taking them off our hands , btw . 
  does buried waste contaminate water hundreds of meters away ? 
  damn . 
  most villages have outdoor toilets . 
  i think they 're called pit toilets ? 
  the have a hole behind them where they can shovel the waste from - they bury it somewhere in the garden usually . 
  it 's not that different from cleaning a pigsty . 
  other villages have `` mobile toilets '' , which is basically a very simple shack that can be torn down and relocated , leaving a hole with waste that 's filled in . 
  about half the country lives in a rural environment , so i do n't doubt the 34 % figure . 
  it 's not nearly as bad as it sounds though . 
  we have houses like that around resita , if you know where to look . 
  i 've seen similar things close to iasi as well . 
  no , i mean , interesting in how it shows the way media skews . 
  she does n't actually like any of the candidates . 
  my grandmother , who watches more tv than anyone i know , is convinced udrea will advance in the elections . 
  which is , of course , ridiculous , but still interesting . 
   loosening ties with abusive neighbors is better in the long run so you actually * do * agree that russia should let moldova have the trade deal ? 
  you know , in a way it 's comforting to know romania and bulgaria are n't the only eu countries in this shitty situation . 
  although our unemployment rates are far better , there 's that . 
  you have some strange fetishes over there in germany . 
  the guy you 're replying to is probably also a troll account . 
  english also has `` blank '' . 
  the equivalent for the latin word for black * nigrum * has fallen out of favour for some reason . 
  that 's not true . 
  52 % of romanians can speak some english - it 's not an exageration that very nearly everyone in the bigger cities below a certain age can speak english .
