  cluj is 4th . 
  there are plenty of jobs for people who speak a foreign language , especially german . 
  though they ask for a little more than ` basic german ' ... 
  romania having a high crime rate or being generally dangerous , when in reality our crime rate is in line with the rest of the eu . 
  romania being corrupt . 
  i mean , * yes * , but we 're working on it dammit !, 
  and it 's gotten a lot better lately , and i do n't see other countries imprisoning rich people at the rate we are . 
  gypsies . 
  they are , what , a 4 % minority ? 
  and people keep forgetting they are not a population that settles down easily , the only reason they ` flooded ' to the rest of europe after 1990 is because during communism they would be shot if they tried to cross the border . 
  romania and moldova are orthodox, 
  in romania , if a tv station has a series licensed for broadcast , netflix is n't allowed to carry it . 
  as a result , our netflix does n't even have most netflix series . 
   it 's to avoid westerners buying cheaper games through vpns just like they locked mexico to spanish-only ? 
  same in romania . 
  i wanted to make a subscription for my mother , but then discovered that the really few movies and series that were on netflix did n't even have subtitles . 
  what 's the point ... 
  imagine having to wear that thing at 40c . 
  i 'm sure there was slightly worse pressure than that . 
  that said , we did refuse at first . 
  it 's not like we were in any position to refuse the us , our probably most important ally . 
  they do n't want to risk getting stuck here . 
   baby count above above 2.0 per female what about those of us that just do n't want children ? 
  just because you word it sarcastically does n't mean nobody will reply to you . 
  the other guy replied with an explanation of what he meant , because you missed it . 
  the one from vienna still looks nicer , imho . 
  i like the contrast and i like the space . 
  the skyline you posted is sort of bland . 
  the average romanian would reply , `` you ca n't compare romania to switzerland . 
  the level of civilisation is too different . '', 
  we have a national inferiority complex and would n't trust a romanian drunk farmer to not go on a killing spree . 
  there 's a social stigma attached to hunting as well . 
  most of romania 's exposure to guns comes from airsoft and paintball . 
  the second part sounds a lot more exciting than the first . 
  someone knocked on my door as well . 
  he asked that i sign a petition to protect the family , and only elaborated when i asked him to . 
  i wish, 
  that was hilarious . 
  that silence when she asked them why there were n't any women there , and then asked whether it was n't actually a meeting for gay guys . 
  and do n't forget all the pitch-changed songs still up there . 
  or better , moldova . 
  you can easily trigger romanians by saying something about romani/romanians , or about transylvania being historically or rightfully hungarian . 
  because we ca n't vote in their elections . 
  was, 
  do n't worry , romania tv has plenty of pensioners convinced he 's a ` corrupt scumbag like everybody else ' because he has 7 houses or something , and travels on state money to diplomatic meetings , and spent state money for basic renovation on the presidential house thing he was going to move into . 
  the scary thing is , trump is the most moderate and sane person in his current cabinet . 
  i for one want her to make decisions for us . 
  it 's better than anything our own parliament could decide . 
  only if you mean russia and ukraine , rather than eastern europe in general . 
  it 's not a compliment that the us has a similar homicide rate to russia and a country in a civil war . 
  am from there , i do n't know anyone who even knows what turbo folk is . 
  kids listen to hip hop these days . 
   oltenia , no accent  banat , serbian accent no . 
  outside of romania , i usually tell people i 'm romanian . 
  it 's just easier this way . 
  not all , i 'm talking about schools in banat . 
  for donauschwaben possibly i guess . 
  and austrians left over . 
  you can attend if you 're not a minority too , some more enlightened parents send their kids there and they 'll eventually know german by being around it so much . 
  in romania , we study two languages - english and either german or french . 
  in the western part , we still have some schools where all lessons are taught in german . 
  most of the time i forget this was ever a thing , but from time to time there 's the odd asshole old lady screaming at me for speaking hungarian on my phone in public , or that one girl who told me something like `` no offense , hungarians should be all dragged into a chamber and gassed '' , or that other girl who vividly described how she wanted to tie hungarians to the back of the car and drag them along the road ( and a room full of people laughed on both occassions ) . 
  i got angry at that last one , the common reply was `` present company is excluded , do n't you know that ? '' . 
  it happened at work too and i reported her , but no consequences . 
  it 's not common but it happens . 
  jesus , nobody will die if a drunk tourist makes a rude gesture . 
  [ divorce rates among atheist are among the lowest . 
  ] ( https://www.thoughtco.com/divorce-rates-for-atheists-248494 ), 
  i 've had people telling that they 'd rather their children date gypsies than hungarians ( among other things about hungarians ) . 
  i 'm glad i do n't meet this kind of people often though . 
  we had about equal males and females studying physics in my class . 
  the math department was mostly women , barely any men . 
  maybe the polytechnic university was more skewed towards men ( i do n't know ) , but in my experience women were everywhere . 
  i dunno about other poor european countries , but here we have basic programming classes in highschool so a lot of women have the opportunity to gravitate towards it . 
  of course not , what if the kids had gotten autism instead ? 
   transylvania deep red  north moldova the same pink as western romania nah . 
  we 've had two regime changes caused by peaceful protests lately . 
  i disagree that they do n't help . 
  ~ but what if my son sees two guys holding hands in the park and asks what they 're doing ~ ~ but what about the traditional family ~ homophobia is so ingrained in some people they 'll find reasons for it removed from religion . 
  same for romania . 
  you also do n't get compensation or a day off later if you 're sick during a public holiday . 
  there are reports from france , spain , denmark , germany , india etc it does n't seem targetted . 
  maybe ukraine 's government shares some common infrastructyre with the targetted services . 
  i 'm surprised it 's even called that in english , would n't people think of moaning ? 
   did n't practise religion when they were younger , shit hits the fan and they realise they need to somehow make up for it . 
  why do you need to practice religion when `` shit hits the fan '' if you did n't before ? 
  what kind of shit explains turning the back to reality again ? 
  genuine questions , i feel like i 'm missing something . 
  i spent my youth on 4chan , believe me i know and i 'm pretty desensitised to internet things . 
  i still think she got an uncommonly bad treatment . 
  i understand the roots of gamergate were about integrity in gaming journalism , which got completely burried by a feminist vs red pill internet war instead . 
  anita sarkeesian had little to do with it initially . 
  i generally like her videos , although i disagree with some ( like the one about female villains ) and others gave something to think about ( like the one where she points out that female characters in highly stylised games are often just the male character with a giant pink bow or some other stupid ` signifier ' of womanhood ) . 
  they are well-made for what they are , 10 minute youtube opinion pieces on a subject . 
  she absolutely did not deserve the treatment she got . 
  i think you hit the nail on the head on why i dislike the idea of * cultural appropriation * . 
  on a long-term perspective , i think trump will be better for the world than hillary would have been . 
  * because * he is incompetent and supports stupid things , people there are finally realising that some things ( healthcare , climate activism ) are worth supporting more strongly . 
  considering trump 's approval ratings , i would n't be surprised if he converted more people to democrat or independent than anyone before him . 
  hillary on the other hand would have just continued the trend of shady dealings and corruption , * without anybody noticing or protesting * because she would have been that much more competent in the oval office .
