  although , it 's true that of the people in that office , one guy spent a lot of time in the us , another one used to work in politics and a third one was a psychology graduate , and they were all a polite bunch . 
  you 're more polite about it . 
  that guy antagonized a lot of people with his unnecessarily vitriolic first comment . 
  i 'm hungarian . 
  i was born and raised in romania , my parents were born and raised in romania and my grandparents were raised here . 
  i do n't even have any ties to the hungarian community , i do n't vote rmdsz and my hungarian is around b1 . 
  but people ask me , based on my accent , ` you 're not a romanian , are you ? ', 
  and i answer ` i 'm hungarian ' . 
  this is simply how europe is , all of it including turkey . 
  if integration is a two-way street , you also have to adapt to the culture you live in . 
  do you think turkey would adapt to you if you moved back there ? 
  i was somewhat with you until  again , the goal is not to teach people about german culture ; they can learn that from a book . 
  just no . 
  also , fuck anyone who thinks this . 
  most places above southern europe are like that . 
  walking 15 minutes in snow is not even particularly unpleasant , the kids will enjoy it . 
  even we learn about them ... 
  * twitch * i swear i ca n't help it . 
  hah , no , that 's not what i meant . 
  i was only talking about `` fundamentalist '' islam . 
  i do n't expect * fundamentalist * muslims to agree with or support isis , but i do expect them to stay behind and * fight * because the koran was full of that sort of thing . 
  supporting laws against blasphemy and not believing in gender equality is pretty much the default for them though , not fundamentalism . 
  when i say islamic fundamentalism , i think of terrorism , stonings and intolerance towards people from other religions or who do n't have a religion . 
  that 's just my head-definition though , i might be using it wrong . 
  they 're running away . 
  i do n't think it is . 
  sure is !, 
  * capitalisation rules aside , fuck those . 
  the refugees presumably are n't fundamentalists . 
  romanian orthodox christians are n't either - they would and actually do trample each other to death over a pint of holy water , but they do n't insist their church is the only true one . 
  culturally they 'd probably be fine in romania . 
  we 're a country of religious nutbags who believe all sorts of crazy things , hate gays and still hold other significant backwards views . 
  religious beliefs are very respected ( nationalists screaming things about ottomans aside ) . 
  hell , until fairly recently it used to be common for married women to wear scarves on their heads in rural places . 
  ... my own personal opinion is that we really do n't need any more religious people with backwafds social views though . 
  iirc , kids also get 20 eur per month allowance from the state , and very poor families also get a welfare pittance ... not sure how much , less than 100 eur in any case . 
  not enough to live on , in any case . 
  in romania specifically , no . 
  you get a percentage of your last salary for a year if you get fired or laid off , or somewhere around 100-200 eur if you are on disability . 
  you can technically apply for a free apartment , but the waiting list is huge . 
  hungary is very western !, 
  yes to the first . 
  for fuck 's sake europe . 
   and rejected the commission 's call for a quota of 6,351 . 
  i saw the press conference . 
  he said that they never received any number from the commission , but the country can take 1800 migrants at this moment with no trouble . 
  he also said there are resources to accommodate more ( they can convert some buildings to house them ) , but romania lacks the means to integrate them into society . 
  he said this with a little ironic pause that i found funny . 
  romanian too !, 
  doi / dou\u0103 . 
  are you saying that the defeat of the ottoman empire was a bad thing ? 
  is n't 4 way too early to learn math ? 
  something about certain neural pathways not being formed yet ? 
  then again , you guys have way more mathematicians than we do , so you must be doing something right . 
  my sister pays 1500 euros/year to study medicine in timisoara . 
  in romania your grades determine whether you attend university with tax or tax-free - there are a number of tax-free spots ( 77 for medicine ) and the students compete for them . 
  depending on your exam results , you can lose your tax-free spot to someone better . 
  attending a second university / bachelor program at the same time or afterwards always costs though . 
  the problem is n't `` abnormal '' in and of itself . 
  a lot of people grew up hearing things like `` why ca n't you be normal '' , '' * normal * people do this '' , `` he 's not normal in the head '' ... etc. 
  the opposite of `` normal '' in this context is `` freak '' . 
  it 's really not surprising that it has a negative connotation . 
  there 's not a lot of words i hate , but this is definitely one of them . 
  default and common are perfectly fine as far i 'm concerned though . 
  they might feel more comfortable going after men . 
  homosexual relationships tend to be less complicated on the whole ( from my very limited experience ) . 
  i sincerely believe most of the population is not 100 % straight . 
  i do think they are mostly straight though . 
  or maybe , just maybe , society is becoming more honest with their sexuality . 
  sexuality is n't exactly a phase yeah . 
  we live in the 21st century , they have access to the same news sources we do . 
  if they choose to believe the obvious propaganda instead , it 's on their head . 
  this , and `` stick my feet in '' is also common . 
  and `` puii mei '' - how do you translate this one ? 
  my chicks ? 
  thanks , i was trying to figure out what arond had to do with monkeys . 
  i 've never heard coada de maimuta . 
  my grandma got mugged this past weekend at the farmer 's market in resita . 
  although , it 's the first incident like this i heard about in a while . 
  if 10 people make 18k you can esily finance generous salaries for 100 people or just-over minimum salaries for 300 people from that money . 
  i honestly doubt the asylum seekers will act as extreme as the roma do . 
  i mean , i have n't heard stories of muslim groups in europe trying to stone people or throwing axes after each other . 
  we pronounce `` eu '' as `` ieu '' or `` io '' in most of the country though , for some reason . 
  ... it 's true though ; _ ; real hungarian sounds so different . 
  no jokes about detroit under the black sea ? 
  [ hey , even japan heard you guys . 
  nope , romania still reaches [ slightly higher ] ( http://www.hydroworld.com/content/dam/events/power-gen%20europe/site-images/europe_map.jpg ) . 
   you 'll notice they 're always congratulating themselves and each other it 's called circlejerking . 
  it 's quite common on the internets . 
  anarchism is a socialist movement ? 
  in what world is it anything but right-wing ? 
  ah , we do n't pay rent . 
  my grandparents bought an apartment when they were cheap in the 90s and i moved in after grandpa died . 
  that said , 300 $ is more than enough for food and savings ( and i buy clothes like twice a year maybe , grandma never ) . 
  i think - well , in my case , i was neutral/sympathetic at first , but got offended over that video on the guardian where some woman was lamenting that greece has to import romanian over french beef , and it sort of spiralled from there . 
  i also got angry over other stuff as i got into the discussion . 
  the `` poverty line '' is calculated at 60 % of the median wage , which is inflated by income inequality . 
  for romania the poverty line is at 116eur , for greece it 's apparently somewhere around 600eur . 
  that just means they have a high median wage , not that they 're starving . 
  whatever values you choose to believe , it is not 6x more expensive to live in greece than it is here .
