  sort of . 
  it 's a different culture from the south and the east , because of the history in the austrian empire . 
  poor people are already targeted by mandatory expensive driving lessons . 
  since students take those no earlier than year 11 or 12 anyway , this law wo n't do anything . 
   the romanians concerned with economical impact so everyone in the centre and in the west ? 
  they localised it to be inspired by the us though ( like changing the name benoit to benny haha ) . 
   romania with a large percentage of a barely educated rural population still pulls off the same number as germany there 's a correlation , but you have to factor in the people living like it 's still 1920 . 
  i hate that we started dubbing children 's shows . 
  an entire generation learned english by watching cartoon network , that educational value is lost now - for what ? 
  i do n't know a single person who was happy they started dubbing cartoons . 
  i learned both english and german that way . 
  i do level 1 tech support for a large company in germany . 
  can confirm , almost nobody speaks english . 
  yes . 
  i remember watching anime with subs and remembering the lines in english , delivered in the exact cadence of the jp voice actor . 
  that was pretty cool . 
  though i mostly ignore the subs these days . 
  i 'm going to save this post for all the dub vs sub wars when i 'm apparently a weeb for preferring subs . 
  ^ ( well , i am , but not for that reason . ), 
   hungary third for obesity it 's these hungarian genes , i 'm telling you . 
  not my laziness . 
  that 's harder . 
  too much competition . 
   boredom sets in in this day and age ? 
  there 's nothing stopping you from getting gaming consoles , funposting on reddit , having deep intellectual discussions with 12 year olds in youtube comments , raising a family , travelling , or developing a hobby with woodcraft or something . 
  although i was n't exactly thinking of a `` shits in outhouse '' type village when i mentioned remote mountain villages - i was thinking of things more like [ this ] ( http://www.descoperimromania.ro/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/cazare-la-hanul-la-rascruce-din-garana-caras-severin-banat-93.jpg ) or [ this ] ( http://www.hotel-claris.ro/y/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/pict0033.jpg ) . 
  the outhouses afaik are more common in villages that subsist on farming . 
  rural romania is like moving back in time 150 years , but with fiber . 
  though i suppose it 'd be nice to move to a remote mountain village with wonderful scenery and air , as long as have a job you can do remotely . 
  cancel and switch to rds ? 
  buy rds anyway since it 's just 9 euros ? 
  i paid like 8 eur for it and i 'm the only one using it . 
  i 'm not joking about it being cheap . 
  i 'm not even sure where i 'd find a router that 's fast enough and inexpensive . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3jfc9rj.png ) is my speed bottlenecked , [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hikk09u.png ) is my speed without the router in the way . 
  we have crime , but it 's sure not organised . 
  and our crime rate is in line with the rest of europe . 
  if we 're going by criminality alone , us citizens should n't be getting visas anywhere . 
  i do n't know . 
  romanian emigration peaked in 2007 and has been relatively low lately . 
  source in romanian with some other interesting statistics for anyone interested : [ link ] ( http://www.gandul.info/financiar/harta-emigratiei-cati-romani-au-plecat-din-tara-in-ultimii-25-de-ani-topul-destinatiilor-preferate-12334771 ), 
  that 's probably part of the reason they 're upgrading it . 
  it sounds better on paper and most people wo n't use speeds that high anyway . 
  it 's pretty easy to find a cute romanian wife though if you stay here for 6 months, 
  my aunt does n't even have a septic tank , just a literal hole in the ground next to the garden . 
  also fiber . 
  my own bottleneck is my cheap router , but i ca n't be bothered to upgrade it to something better . 
  10mb/s net download speed is more than enough for anything . 
  i 'm not sure what the work/life balance is like in northern europe , but it 's definitely not like in the horror stories we hear from the us . 
  we have 21 days of vacation mandated by law , some companies give slightly more ( mine gives an extra day for each year in the company ) . 
  overtime is always paid , and there 's a legal limit to it too . 
  weekends are paid double , so many companies avoid having you at work then . 
  there 's 1 or 2 years of paid maternity or paternity leave , and you 're allowed to take days off if your children are sick . 
  you can take unpaid vacation almost as much as you want , although most people ca n't afford it . 
  because romanian cities other than bucharest are small and most people live inside it rather than in suburbs , commute times tend to be short . 
  we have a navy ? 
  yes , yes , yes , not particularly , maybe . 
  in timisoara i 'm in the `` a warm body that speaks german '' job market , and there 's so many companies that 's it 's gotten difficult to hire anybody , even with very low standards . 
  the wages have shot up a lot over the past few years because of this . 
  the funny thing is , if this was n't so politicised , nobody would have even noticed that there were a thousand or so extra muslims somewhere in the country . 
  same goes for romania , since we bitched and moaned about this too . 
  i 'll take your word for the nw , but timisoara is fairly liberal compared to the rest of the country . 
  i would n't be surprised . 
  the poll also shows that 32 % of people in banat do n't want gypsies as neighbors vs 64 % who do n't want homosexual neighbors . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  yes , this country is really really homophobic , but people still hate gypsies more than gays . 
  it also says the west is significantly more homophobic than the south east ( dobrogea + part of moldova ) , what the . 
  they 're orthodox , yeah . 
  but also homophobic , * really * understanding of weird religious bullshit , while atheism is almost unheard of , and lots of old ladies wear head-scarves . 
  they wo n't exactly find many muslim countries in europe but i have a feeling they 'd feel better here than in the more liberal west . 
  that seems pretty accurate on most days . 
  why ca n't we just call the entire country holland ? 
  maybe they will ? 
  i mean , we 're a very religious country ( so they 'll fit right in ) and life is better here than in the middle east . 
   eastern european countries are the most atheistic hahaha . 
  no : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion_in_the_european_union in romania for instance , the orthodox church worked with the communist regime . 
  it 's known that many pastors were spies of the communist party , and they 'd report anything wrong someone told them in exchange for favors . 
  i 'll have to think some more about your last point , it 's a good one . 
   these are actually two different things - jerking off in public should be illegal ( and is ) , and is separate from public nudity ( which , imo , should n't be illegal ) . 
  how do you determine someone was jerking off if his hand is n't on his dick at that moment ? 
  because he 's hard ? 
  that can happen even if you 're not masturbating . 
  i 'm specifically thinking of one guy that spent a good few years lurking near the building where i went to college , masturbating to women passing by . 
  i 'm not sure why he was n't arrested , or maybe he was but our laws are lax ( i ca n't find anything on laws about nudism in romania , and he was n't the first pervert of the sort i 've seen ) - in a world where nudism was perfectly legal , he would n't even have to hide , as long as nobody filmed him with his hand on his genitals . 
  edit : ehh , i probably need to add a little caveat . 
  `` designated nudist spaces '' or something would be different . 
  and this does n't really address or parallel burkas anymore . 
  the truth is , i 'm not sure where i stand . 
  i agree with people who say public nudity should be illegal ( based on personal bias of seeing too many guys hiding in bushes and masturbating to women passing by ) , and i fully support banning niqabs and burqas . 
  i agree that a lot of things that have no business being illegal are illegal based on nothing more than bias and misguided morals . 
  but i have yet to be convinced that burkas are anything but a symbol of the violent repression of women that happens within islam , and until * that * is resolved and women are * actually * free to choose whether or not to wear them , they should be allowed this legal scapegoat wherever possible . 
  i 'd be bothered by someone in bondage being led on a leash in public , yes . 
  dominance and submission in general ( not just sexually ) leave me leery . 
  i would n't support it being banned , since i 'd think of it as a more positive than negative influence ( people becoming more open about their sexuality ) , but it 's a great example because it 's easy to see why people would want it off the street . 
  bdsm gear might be an interesting comparison . 
  would you support people openly wearing bdsm gear in public ? 
  bdsm gear * right now * is something of a non-issue , since people would only wear it in public at specialised locations and events , but imagine if millions of people internalised it as their identity and decided that they * must * wear that clothing in public . 
  as often as you see a woman in a burka , you 'd see a man or woman wearing [ this ] ( http://static2.shop033.com/resources/05/166149/picture/49/85376841.jpg ) ( nsfw ) while being lead on a leash . 
  if it became a common occurrence , would n't you understand why people would want to ban them from public ? 
  the order seems to be bucuresti , then constanta , then timis for the top three .
