  it 's fine for adding flavour to cooking , but raw - yeugh . 
  it 's literally the second commend after the sticky . 
  my mother 's and grandmother 's apartments have 3 and 4 bedrooms respectively , and two bathrooms . 
  but both were designed during communist times for really big families . 
  german , and half of japanese . 
  i 'll never get the hang of that and i 'll never be able to read books in japanese . 
  you wo n't end up being fluent in a language from learning it at school ... consuming copious amounts of audiovisual media in that language is * much * more effective . 
  i learned 2\u00a01/2 languages that way ( including english ) . 
  that 's more than twice my salary . 
  that ` when is it appropriate to beat your wife ' one ? 
  24th , usually in the evening after the children get back home . 
  we have a tradition similar to trick or treating , where on christmas eve the kids go around the neighbourhood , knock on doors and sign carols in return for money and sweets . 
  briefly , just long enough to be negative in that discussion . 
  it 's true , most people who call it `` regatul unit '' would not include ireland , * but * quite a few people say it 's in `` anglia '' . 
  my father * was * robbed on one of those roads , about 10 years ago . 
  the funny thing is , when i hear portuguese i hear mostly romanian swear words . 
  which is n't hard , because romanian has a lot of swear words . 
  the funniest example of this is that one song `` pula '' on youtube , sung by some sunday school children 's church group . 
  pula means cock and it only gets worse from there . 
  might have something to do with that one video about them decrying that they were so rock bottom that their pork had to be imported from romania . 
  at least , that 's what swung my personal opinion from sympathetic to negative . 
  the sparsely populated parts in romania match up with the carpathian mountains , it 's more difficult to build big villages there . 
  everyone who wanted to leave for england already did or has plans for it , schengen or not . 
  the borders are already open . 
  it 's more because of the efforts to get into schengen . 
  so - you 're right ? 
  in a sense ? 
  your comment is basically `` but think of the starving children in africa ! '', 
  you 've never seen isil used ? 
  what ? 
  the grandmother could be english/scottish and the grandfather irish/dutch or something . 
  i do n't care about light in the evening when i get off work , i just want it to be nice and bright when i go to work . 
  it 's energizing and starts the day on a nice note . 
  going to work before sunrise is depressing . 
  at the low level , sure , i guess . 
  for now . 
  but what feels like half our political elite are in prison or awaiting judgement . 
  we 've cleaned up real good . 
  it 's only a matter of time until they go after the smaller fish . 
  a lot of professors and doctors have been charged too . 
  i 'm an atheist , but culturally catholic . 
  none of my family are particularly religious , but a lot of catholic traditions are important to them ( and by proxy to me ) because most people around us are orthodox . 
  not whether it 's okay , but * when * it 's okay . 
  we 're not more corrupt than the us and its institutionalised bribes . 
  not anymore . 
  maybe tante merkel as a sort of joke ? 
  we do n't have wifi on busses either , as far as i know . 
  a lot of women still use pads here . 
  pedophiles * do * have the wrong fetish . 
  that 's the point of sending them to therapy . 
  you do n't go to therapy for being into bondage or liking feet a little too much or whatever . 
  i unbalance and fall backwards when i try that . 
  i always got a point docked off my grade in middle school phys ed because i could n't squat correctly . 
  it 's also a union with part of the banat region ( which is split between romania , hungary and serbia afaik , although the core part and brief capital for the month or so that it was independent is here ) . 
  people keep forgetting us , even in history classes . 
  probably because we had little to do with ` romania ' until the 20th century . 
  why * is * romania called romania anyway ? 
  instead of wallahia or something . 
  being a homosexual is not forbidden in catholicism , what 's forbidden is having sex for non-reproductive purposes , and * particularly * having sex with other men , as you can never expect that to result in pregnancy . 
  priests are not technically forbidden from having sex , they 're forbidden from marrying ( and therefore also from having sex as a side-effect ) . 
  so it has to be the second . 
  why are n't we allowed to judge people on their religion ? 
  they ca n't help where they are born , but religion is a choice , and their religion explicitly orders them to kill people like me . 
  it 's true that this is only practices in * some * of their countries , and there 's a minority of them that would n't consider me a lesser human , but since it 's a * religion * it makes sense to judge it by the rules of that religion , and not the segment of people who try to ignore the crazier rules ( while not condemning those other people who play by all the rules ) . 
  ( yeah , the old `` we should n't be tolerant of intolerance '' ), 
  i think they meant a secure area in syria . 
  i imagine staying there is risky because how long will it stay secure ? 
  but their lives would be better there , because they 're with family and they 'd still have plenty of money ( let 's not forget that some of these refugees pay over 10 000 euro to smugglers ) . 
   there are secure areas in syria , they did n't need to bring their offspring , says ameen , who does n't have children himself . 
  but this way they can impress the authorities and get away more easily . 
  how are these particular guys any better than the gypsy beggars who take their children with them to score sympathy money ? 
  cars will not stop if you 're on the crossing . 
  stepping on the crossing is pretty dangerous and i had to jump out of the way at least twice when visiting ( while i was living in timisoara ) . 
  they 'll eventually stop if you wait long enough though . 
  on the other hand , in timisoara they wo n't stop * unless * you 're on the crossing . 
  that 's exactly how crossing the street works in timisoara too ( like in hungary ) . 
  it was a culture shock from my own town ` stand on the curb and wait 5 minutes ' . 
  okay , i 'll bite . 
  how could this possibly lead to anything resembling a war ? 
  so finland calls wolves sushi, 
  [ this song about santa claus was a huge hit with kids . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wjf5mcghefy ), 
  shaking your butt was the defacto party dance for girls here for a very , very long time - it goes hand-in-hand with the music genre `` manele '' . 
  it was just the right amount of trashy versus needing practice to learn . 
  living in germany , among germans , while taking german language courses  4 years of german in school, 
  amazon.de is already cheaper than our own stores . 
  often with shipping included . 
  oh man , in my town the customs office is only open for two hours ( from 10 to 12 ) two days of the week . 
  there 's * always * a one hour long line . 
  i dread ordering things from outside of the eu . 
  [ you 're welcome . 
  ] ( https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/does-amazon-ship-to/ ), 
  there 's a sports anime every season . 
  what makes yuri on ice special is that it 's not about teenagers . 
  woah , since when does romania have taste ? 
  i approve . 
  it 's funny bungou stray dogs is even represented . 
  it must be the effect of the prequel arc in the first episodes , that was fantastic . 
  i do n't know how young you 're expecting the audience of a show about adult athletes being gay with each other to be . 
  or the audience of that other show that 's from the author of hellsing .
