  tried to find it in english but google translate might work, 
  that could actually be true . 
  i was honestly just talking from my own experience there . 
  because the integration process is not that great . 
  see i 'm not stubborn . 
  love it, 
  marsi is my favorite !!, 
  our economy , welfare and such have been growing for some time . 
  right now its taking a break . 
  im in malm\u00f6 now !, 
  city is fine !, 
  they have great beer at m\u00f6llan and a couple of nice parks . 
  i just feel like we 've stagnated . 
  hope that english is understandable , 
  or i just know my audience . 
  you are 100 % right and the first person who points that out . 
  oh , and it is true . 
  i do walk home with my laptop and all, 
  for the love of god !, 
  the world is the safest it 's ever been . 
  you 've ever heard about the term `` the long peace '' ? 
  europe used to be a place of constant war . 
  for real . 
  since the 50s everything is just getting better . 
  i live here . 
  going around the city is no biggie . 
  walk straight through stockholm several nights a week . 
  all alone . 
  we 're doing things . 
  i could throw out more but now it 's beer o'clock here in sweden . 
  there 's always problems . 
  but just as some try to simplify things by just saying `` immigration is the problem '' i 'm simplifying it by saying `` everything is awesome '' . 
  i 've been knocked down by immigrants but i do n't go around hating . 
  and of course i do n't want people to be criminal . 
  the world is not binary . 
  of course things like this happen ... and the point of the post is pretty clear . 
  are you actually saying that scb is biased ? 
  their numbers are the most objective statistics you can find about sweden . 
  they just collect the data and present it . 
  i have n't dropped the word nazi , islamophobe or anything like that in any of my comments in this thread . 
  until now . 
  you need to open your eyes to the world . 
  sweden , as we know it , is done in 20 years . 
  that 's obvious . 
  but sweden right now is very different from what it was 20 , 40 , 60 years ago . 
  countries change and that 's a good thing . 
  and i just linked you statistics proving its pretty much wrong, 
  i grew up in malm\u00f6 . 
  i 'm in malm\u00f6 right now actually . 
  people move . 
  of course not . 
  life 's complicated, 
  i have a ton of them !, 
  and spirou !, 
  love them !, 
  facebook . 
  i dont think i have to find a source to tell you thats wrong . 
  the only syrian i know have a job, 
  it 's not binary . 
  just because i say its not as bad as people think does n't meant we 're just sitting here on our asses . 
  the world is not binary . 
  sure , there was about 15000 people born in sweden who moved out 2015 . 
  but at the same time 14000 moved back . 
  http://www.scb.se/hitta-statistik/sverige-i-siffror/manniskorna-i-sverige/in-och-utvandring/ why do people never have any kind of source ? 
  i 'm like throwing them at you . 
  sweden is middle class and like every other country there is suburbs . 
  of course you do n't have to experience crime if you keep away . 
  and there are more crimes in stockholm city . 
  that 's what the report says . 
  can you google translate a pdf like that ? 
  i like you . 
  we 're not ignoring anything . 
  it 's just not as bad as people think . 
  of course people fleeing a war will have problems to deal with . 
  and about the swedish system . 
  you do n't reform a country that fast . 
  but just look at 2nd generation immigrants , or 3rd and so on . 
  they 're , most of the time , integrated and continue with education and great tings . 
  you do n't know me . 
  and i grew up as an average swede . 
  an average swede is middle class and have higher education . 
  it 's ignorant to believe that sweden is a country where the majority is a poor `` working class '' . 
  swedes are generally privileged . 
  there 's no line because it 's not connected . 
  and i 'd rather be to optimistisk than too pessimistic . 
  so just because i did n't grow up poor i ca n't say anything about sweden ? 
  you make me sick . 
  people how keep bringing up backgrounds and judge people by it . 
  i have friends who grew up with less money , but they dont go around talking about it . 
  just as i dont go around talking about mine . 
  your making yourself a victim for no reason what so ever ... 
  yeah , i know that . 
  but a post like this is entertaining . 
  i like reading their arguments , 
  learn to read and understand statistics before you use them as an argument . 
  this is one of the most debunked claims ever . 
  i should . 
  or not . 
  does it matter ? 
  it 's not making it worse .
