  exactly . 
  like you could for example put solar cells on single level parking lots suspended above the cars . 
  thunderfoot did a video , but it annoyed me watching it the second time that he doesnt mention any common sense alternatives . 
  like yeah it 's stupid to pave a parking lot with solar panels , but you could just suspend solar cells above the cars in the parking lot . 
  you would n't need specially designed panels and the cars could n't block them so it would actually be quite sensible . 
  you still end every other sentence with `` gel '' though . 
  eh , the hanseaten are n't that different culturally than the dutch or the danish . 
  i think they would have been the least worrisome . 
  i mean altona ( a suburb of hamburg ) for example was originally a danish colony , and schlieswig hollstein was either a part of or a vassal of denmark for a quite a long time before the prussians unified germany . 
  i think the difference is though that there are n't many czechs in n\u00fcrenberg , but there were poles already living in eastern prussia . 
  then again , i 'm not german and i was n't thought any of this in school , i get all my european history from paradox . 
  ssht , while you werent looking we have already fabricated claims on kreuzberg and the ruhrgebiet . 
  this is not really that great of an analogy . 
  there is no extra energy in fluctuating temperature . 
  temperature is the energy . 
  however increased average temperatures can change ocean currents which can make some places colder , also the additional energy in the system could manifest as higher wind speeds rather than higher temperature . 
  who would force you to chose between hell and the north pole . 
  just live somewhere mild . 
  it 's always around 20 degrees in coastal central california . 
  only one season , that 's my kind of weather . 
  people seem to think that western turkey = more secular . 
  it is n't really true at all . 
  istanbul grew from 1 million in the 1950s to 15 million today . 
  it 's a microcosm of all of turkey . 
  if you ever visit istanbul , try looking around the area near the ecumenical patriachy . 
  you will think you are in afghanistan . 
  cross over to kadik\u00f6y on the asian side and you will forget that you are n't in europe until you hear the call to prayer . 
  artvin which is all the way east on the border with georgia is both rural and left wing and secular as are the laz enclaves in rize ( though the rest of rize is ultra conservative ) . 
  antioch on the syrian border is by no means european , but is inhabited by a large number of christian arabs . 
  izmir is considered the most secular cities in the country but it 's in anatolia and was home to arguably the most famous islamist revolt in the history of the republic . 
  people want the world to be simple . 
  it is n't . 
  you ca n't just split turkey on ethnic lines either , there are almost as many kurds living in the west as in the east . 
  istanbul has the largest kurdish population in the world . 
  and there are no shortage of turks and arabs living in the more important population centers of the east . 
  heck there are still turkmen in syria and iraq living among the kurds . 
   but i can pretty easily tell when someone is turkish you think you can , but you ca n't . 
  nobody thought i was turkish when i lived in germany , and i also found that many germans assume any brown person they see is turkish . 
  the black sea is n't very salty so you wont float and have to actively swim . 
  this is what the [ climate is like near amasra ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zonguldak#climate ) so you definately wo n't get the same kind of experience as on the mediteranean or agean coasts . 
  you can still go swimming a couple months in the summer but it 's not really what people go there to do . 
  hiking in the mountains is far more popular . 
  there are n't too many tourists , except for some arabs who do n't want to go somewhere warm during their holidays . 
  the region is considerably more conservative than the other coastal areas but it is n't dangerous . 
  still i would n't go alone if i were a foreign woman . 
  the region is stunningly beautiful , especially close to the georgian border where [ tea essentially grows wild on the hillsides ] ( http://www.gida2000.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/cay-sektoru.jpg ) ( obviously those fields are cultivated , but i 've seen tea grow wildly by the side of the road when i was there too ), 
  these borders improve the appearance of france and italy , but germany looks horrible . 
  either anschluss austria or let them have that part of switzerland . 
  the austrians have a better chance of understanding schwiizerd\u00fctsch anyway . 
  ancestors of the dutch maybe , but did n't they come originally from franken in bavaria ? 
  he almost bankrupted the state though . 
  the california budget crisis made me lose faith in ( direct ) democracy . 
  only when brown became governor and rather quickly the state was in the black again did i realize that maybe it was n't just the people voting themselves tax cuts and spending increases in referenda . 
  i do n't care what they call it , i just wish they stop making the lame joke . 
  `` come up with that on your own did you ? 
  what an intellect . '', 
  is what i 'd like to say whenever i hear it , but i do n't like causing a scene . 
  honestly i have more respect for the people who say `` durka durka mohammed jihad '' when they learn i 'm from a muslim country . 
  sorry , the princess is in another castle . 
  those rats , they need to go to a camp so they can concentrate better . 
  99 % is unsurprising considering how the ballot was formatted as well as the way voting allegedly took place . 
  i do n't doubt that a majority of austrians were for anschluss , but i really doubt that 99 % were actually in favor . 
  you do n't get those kind of results except under duress . 
  here is something that might scare you a bit more if you watch it till the end : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ndfyso2june, 
  a shah would be the persian equal of a sultan . 
  padi means high . 
  so it 's like high king , or emperor , one rank above a sultan . 
  in the ottoman empire every member of the royal family , mothers , sons , daughters as well as the emperor him self were sultans . 
  however the padishah emperor was the sultan of sultans , khan of khans , etc. . . 
  with the english gone , perhaps the french can bully the germans into making ue the standard . 
  i think instead of holding referendums , the government should convene a jury . 
  like a huge one with 2000-3000 people selected completely at random from the voting aged population . 
  these people can then spend a few months taking a relevant course at the university before hearing the arguments of proffesional propopnents and opponents for another month or so . 
  after this , they should be properly informed , unlike the rest of the public who is busy with the day to day . 
  and since they are chosen at random and it 's compulsory pretty much every group should be represented . 
  this is how i think every law should pass . 
  the regular parliament can continue to write and argue in favor or against bills , but it should take a statistically relevant jury to actually make it into law . 
  i think the turks in holland are probably one of the worst turkish diasporas . 
  they make the german diaspora look good . 
  who was the previous government ? 
  who was doing all the anticorruption stuff i kept reading about . 
  is that going to end now ? 
  i thought the netherlands would be a lot richer . 
  well no shit , what did you expect ? 
  as far as i understand while his remarks and the way he goaded his crowd are deplorable but as long as there is no explicit incitement to violence , which there was n't , this should never have gone to court . 
  just makes him look like a victim . 
  i mean this is a pretty modern urban and fully commercialized thing i think . 
  and there is a whole backlash from the islamists , who a few years back started celebrating the birth of mohammed to compete with christmas . 
  i doubt christmas/new years is celebrated at all by many in the rural parts of the country particularly in central anatolia unless they were fairly recent converts from christianity , which is a thing . 
  it 's always the unflaired ones that jerk this circle . 
  you look suspicious , 
  wow, 
  i wish they had videotaped the whole thing and we could fast forward through it . 
  now i understand everyone 's shit 's emotional right now . 
  but i 've got a 3 point plan that 's going to fix everything . 
  this will only get worse with climate change . 
  yeah this is definitely from 1954 . 
  the ice was formed in the rivers flowing into the black sea , apparently explosives were used to dislodge them to continue river traffic and they all collected at the bosporus , which then froze over and people could cross the entirety . 
  the bosporus freezing over is not something that happens very often . 
  there have been various reports of previous freezes but there are centuries , or even millennia in between and some might not have been complete freezes , reliability of older stories is suspect .
