  it infuriates me that others do the opposite , if they want something to be true , they just buy it hook line and sinker without even examining it . 
   us multinationals you realize that this is an oxymoron yes ? 
  who owns these multinationals ? 
  it 's german pension funds , chinese billionaires , qatari emirs , etc. . of course american billionaires , pension funds and small private investors probably own quite a bit of these companies too , probably a bit more than foreigners , but the same american investors also hold shares in companies founded and headquartered in europe . 
  i wonder if this will apply to private schools as well . 
  unless you had a prodigy if you wanted your child to be educated well , you 've always had to pay in turkey as early as elementary school . 
  unless they have changed the laws , since i was a kid , private schools would have had their own science curriculum , typically thought in english , german or french . 
  this sort of thing makes the class distinction even greater . 
  i suppose there were n't going to be many jobs in biotech in turkey anyway , but if this is a sign of things to come , or indicative of what has already happened to science education when i was n't paying attention , poor people will become even more trapped then they were before . 
  i get that you are joking but that is clearly a man made [ levee ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/levee ) . 
  it might have been aided by nature , but it has had some work done . 
  that image would appear to be from vilnius , which was flooded as recently as 2010 , and most famously in [ 1934 ] ( https://oldvilnius.jimdo.com/picture-gallery/the-great-vilnius-flood-of-1931/ ) . 
  i gather they did some work to prevent floods of that magnitude after that one . 
  skimming through i did n't see a death toll . 
  so perhaps you are correct about water not actively trying to kill you , but i would n't bet on it , what with global warming . 
  though at 110m above sea level it would be too much snow , not the sea level rise that would get you . 
  crowns are not the islamic way . 
  technically jewelry is forbidden for men . 
  a proper ottoman padishah would wear a body bag as a turban on his head to remind him that death is always near . 
  you 're just jealous of my [ precious bodily fluids ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n1kvgtenaby ) . 
  the trick they are playing on us is to think that putin is an outsider . 
  it 's all the same side . 
  those tanks are not going to be used . 
  but now that everybody is nice and scared people in europe wo n't oppose the deployment as much . 
  since there are now less tanks in the us . 
  the us government will buy more to put in it 's storage facilities . 
  it 's the same sort of thing in the middle east . 
  erdo\u011fan is demonized in the western press like putin , but he is also really your man . 
  i mean he 's currently employed as the clubs t\u00fcrsteher . 
  clash of civilizations is a terrible book , but it is a must read , it really gives away the plan . 
  ukraine and turkey are in for a rough ride , as for me : https://youtu.be/boekwtgjqau?t=1m33s, 
  but bottle caps are n't weightless in the real world . 
  ammo makes a better currency imo . 
  you underestimate how cynical i have become . 
  i no longer believe who is elected makes any difference . 
  consider the general mentioned in the article you posted . 
  you know , the one hillary is palls with . 
  the one on the board of general dynamics . 
  wonder what he has been up to ? 
  [ a couple of months after the article you linked was written , his wife died ( alzheimers ) . 
  then , trump offered him secretary of defense , which he refused on account of his recently deceased wife . 
  but he suggested two alternatives , one of whom , mattis , trump picked . 
  ] ( http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2016/11/20/502769948/ret-army-gen-jack-keane-says-he-declined-offer-to-be-defense-secretary ) well , you might ask , who is this mattis fellow ? 
  [ turns out he is a director at a certain company . 
  i think you can guess which . 
  ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/trump-defense-nominee-james-mattis-resigns-from-theranos-board-1483649696 ), 
  no , i figured the world is going to be destroyed with or without my investment , so i might as well collect dividends . 
  after trump got elected , i decided to stop worrying and learn to love the bomb . 
  now i own general dynamics shares ; so when i read news like this , my eyes light up with dollar signs . 
  there was literally another incident on this subreddit yesterday : http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-38502720, 
   economic downturn seeems realistic to me we 've had one quarter of negative growth , if the 4th quarter results are negative too , then we will officially be in a recession . 
  this might impact the housing market but if the lira continues to lose value foreign investment might make up for decreased domestic demand and give it a softer landing . 
  if terrorism continues to be a problem though , foreign buyers might be spooked and then you might see something very similar to the housing crisis in the us ( though not as much global impact , obviously ) . 
  eesti is such a cute name though . 
  but yeah , put a potato or something . 
  why would you even think that ? 
  i would be very surprised if many members of many royal families have never been racist in the past . 
  it was a very common way of thinking in the past , it still is , only some of us know better now . 
  but thanks for the other reply . 
  it is helpful . 
  is n't democracy beautiful !, 
  this kind of discourse is terrible and counterproductive . 
  even if the person on the other side of the internet is actually a paid shill , try to remember that it is still a human being . 
  human beings deserve respect even if they are shills . 
  you should n't call people whores outside of a consensual sexual context . 
  even the dumbest people can understand this and you bring shame upon your own side . 
  plus the person might not even be a troll . 
  he might just think differently than you . 
  be respectful . 
  there was a better way to ask about the slovenian geopolitical perspective . 
  dutch cucumbers are overly long , it makes me wonder if you are compensating for something . 
  i actually think paper is great . 
  the counting takes longer but it allows plenty of oversight , at least in the cities . 
  well sunni muslims do n't venerate saints and think it 's a form of idolatry . 
  shit religion islam though , i 'm all for resurrecting tengrism . 
  currently the power keeps going off in istanbul . 
  it started last night . 
  i wonder what effect if any this has on akp voters . 
  i wish people had n't downvoted you . 
  even though i disagree with you on the potential for abuse . 
  i think too many people will miss out on a valuable tangent :  or alternatively you can get your whole decision speeded up if you pay the extra fee . 
  this seems a bit outrageous to me . 
  i wonder if this sort of thing is common in other countries or if britain stands alone . 
  people do seem to forget that . 
  i wonder if she planned that or if it 's just a result of the grand coalition . 
  whatever it is , i think it helps her more than it hurts . 
  right wing people tend to be a bit more cohesive and follow the leader a bit more . 
   a country that does n't even pay the 2 % its supposed to for nato membership only four out of 28 nato countries do that . 
  furthermore , i find this a pretty dumb metric . 
  an increase in military spending does not automatically mean an increase in military effectiveness . 
  it 's fairly easy for a country to increase it 's military spending without getting any tangible benefit from it at all . 
  governments could simply pay their contractors more for the same amount of stuff , pay their generals ludicrous amounts or buy tanks when the military already has too many and does n't want more ( the us does plenty of the latter ) . 
  i do n't know what the reason is either . 
  i just noticed that crime is worse in the americas , and i also noticed that americans ( us in particular ) like to blame the blacks and blurry their heads in the sand about it . 
  i kind of assume that there is a common cause , but there might not be . 
  at the end of the day , mine is a passing interest , i do n't actually have to live there and when i do visit the us , i go to the nicer places anyway . 
  first of all , i 'm not comparing the us to colombia or indonesia . 
  western europe is an apt comparison to the us . 
  non-gulf mena and ee countries are apt comparisons for south and central america . 
  secondly  reports crimes more than say - columbia or indonesia how do you even know that ?
