  the serves treaty had made constantinople an international zone , but had the peace held you could have easily made it a british protectorate after the war , since russia quit early , thus loosing its share of the plunder and you could have probably traded france something for it . 
  to be fair to the old trains , there is n't much space on a bicycle for luggage . 
  there seems to be a correlation between rural life and conservatism everywhere in the world . 
  you had your shot after wwi , you could n't keep it . 
  it 's understandable that pioneers would build wooden structures , where wood is readily available , and mud bricks where they are not . 
  since even brick and mortar requires quite a bit of industry , concrete even more so . 
  in my opinion , there is not much excuse for building new structures from wood in the usa nowadays though , except maybe some places in alaska that are inaccessible by road . 
  well ? 
  what could she have done ? 
  i wish there was an english translation of the kck agreement that serves as their constitution . 
  i 'm not saying the pyd is as bad as isis , they are not , but the kck is n't a democratic system . 
  it enshrines abdullah \u00d6calan as it 's leader directly , mentioning him by name in its founding document , and holds their legislative body and other subdivision accountable to the leadership ( \u00d6calan ) with no mechanism provided to change the leader . 
  now to be fair the document also establishes a council , which rules on the authority of \u00d6calan and in his place , since he is imprisoned . 
  the members of those are elected by the legislative body . 
  they are very jacobin , they also practice resettlement and assimilation policies reminiscent of the policies of the turkish republic that the kurds themselves were victims of . 
  there is clearly a whole personality cult around \u00d6calan which is all too familiar to turks . 
  i do n't begrudge them that too much though , it can be harmless or even beneficial to the extent that it displaces religion , but it can also end up like north korea . 
  i also do n't blame westerners for supporting them , considering the alternatives , though i would prefer it if people were more informed about the groups they are supporting , as not being aware of this kind of thing is partly the reason islamic terrorism has come to become the threat it is . 
  it 's a shame , but wooden structures do n't last for very long . 
  if it does n't burn down the wood tends to rot . 
  most truly old buildings are made of stone . 
  what is this eu you keep referring to as if it were a serious geopolitical entity that can present a united front ? 
  libel is another one, 
  3 billion a year is 1000 euro per refugee a year . 
  i think that does n't quite cover the cost of a refugee to turkey , since they get healthcare and education . 
  so ultimately since turkey probably already spends more than 3 billion on the refugees , it 's unlikely that turkey will increase their spending on the refugees . 
  the extra money will probably just go into foreign reserves . 
  interestingly turkey 's trade deficit is very close to 3 billion euros . 
  so expect the lira to go up in value . 
  oh yeah remember it now . 
  it does n't seem that bad to be honest , would n't really effect my opinion of him . 
  do you have a link to a video i 'm curious . 
  turkish people do n't have the expansionist ambitions you imagine . 
  we just do n't want to lose territory . 
  to that end maybe the public can be convinced that annexing the kurdish areas of syria and iraq is a good idea , but i do n't see that happening either . 
  it would be difficult to hold without massive internal changes in turkey like a move to a federal system and a second official language which the majority of the turkish public is dead against . 
  i myself would be for it . 
  i see it as win-win , the kurds get water security , nato membership and no borders separating their families , the turks get a currency backed by oil reserves , better security and more international clout . 
  it 's the obvious solution , but there are a lot of nationalist turks and kurds who would disagree , violently . 
  i also am not convinced that the us and the greater international comunity will support it . 
  in turkish bok means shit , which is close to the slavic bog meaning god . 
  the name of the german poet g\u00f6the sound like the locative case ( g\u00f6tde ) of the turkish word g\u00f6t , meaning butt . 
  am means pussy in turkish but is the contraction of the german positional preposition `` an '' and dative masculine or neuter article `` dem '' . 
  sik sounds exactly like the english word sick , but means either penis or is the imperative of the verb to fuck . 
  peach sound similar to pi\u00e7 which means bastard . 
  fuck your mother is anan\u0131 sikeyim which might sound like a pineapple to some , i do n't know . 
  the most creative insult i 've heard is : i put milk in your mother 's pussy and fuck it till it turns to yogurt . 
  i see far too much potential for conflict around the gulf , and i do n't see how sa can be propped up in the long run . 
  it 's has a much smaller population than iran , and it 's neither culturally nor geographically at the center of the sunni arab world either . 
  it 's oil wealth is running out and it 's not cutting production despite low prices . 
  without oil , egypt is the natural third power . 
  in the long run i would predict that the arabian peninsula will be divided between iranian and egyptian spheres of influence and saudi arabia will no longer exist . 
  well there is a political party . 
  bdp they allied with a few small socialist parties and formed a new party called the hdp . 
  the hdp recieved 13.1 % in the general election in june and 10.7 in the repeat election in november . 
  post election polls suggested that about 2 % of the total votes were from turkish voters and the remaining 11 % were kurdish voters . 
  the hdp while being a legal political party with no direct ties to violence is associated with the pkk . 
  it would be fair to say that the majority of its kurdish voters sympathise with the pkk , it would not be fair to say that a majority supports it . 
  it would kind of depend on when you asked . 
  there is disagreement as to what percentage of the population of turkey is kurdish . 
  nationalists on both sides are prone to exaggerate their share of the population . 
  the situation is further complicated by the fact that kurdish , much like turkish is a blanket term that covers multiple related but separate ethnic groups and sometimes also sometimes not so related ethnic groups some members of which are not too keen on being classified as such ( syriacs , yazidis ) . 
  claims of turkish and kurdish nationalists vary between 10 % and 30 % . 
  a middle of the road estimate would be about 20 % . 
  that leaves about 9-10 % of turkey 's population or nearly half of turkey 's kurdish population that does not vote for the hdp . 
  the majority of them vote for erdo\u011fans party the akp . 
  it 's really a conservative/secular divide . 
  islamist kurds are a thing too and not just in turkey , but also in iraq . 
  some even join isis . 
  it is unlikely that conservative and islamist kurds will support the pkk , as it has marxist roots and is thus seen as godless and communistic . 
  support for secession is a different question than support for the pkk . 
  the pkk itself does not claim to desire a separate state but a federated turkey with more local autonomy , though there are factions within the pkk and the larger kurdish movement that do not tow this line . 
  tak is one example . 
  in general it is safe to assume that the pkk has more support than does secession , simply because nearly half of kurds live in the major metropolises in the west . 
  there is no self interested reason for kurds in the west to support secession , it will only make it harder for them to visit their relatives , but they might still support or at least sympathize with the pkk if they are n't particularly religious . 
  support for secession would be the highest in the border provinces , where kurds form an overwhelming majority . 
  kurdish territorial claims can also be vastly exaggerated , extending into territories where they have no historical claim , but did attain a small majority following the armenian genocide . 
  so that complicates any kind of partition . 
  i would n't be surprised in there was a war between armenia and kurdistan if the latter were to gain independence and take over van and a\u011fr\u0131 ( ararat ) . 
  i used to be for eu membership . 
  but the greek crisis exposed the corruption in brussels to me . 
  i 'm not that afraid of accession still but i am terrified by the prospect that turkey might join the eurozone . 
  i fear that erdo\u011fan will accept a deal where turkey gets no membership or representation in the eu but joins the eurozone and loses it 's financial sovereignty . 
  iran and saudi arabia are fighting multiple proxy wars . 
  how is that stability ? 
  what makes you think that the violence will end . 
  i was going to say that even nazis should have free speech but it seems this was an armed group so i hope they rot in jail . 
  a lot of turks are having an it could have been me moment and are sincerely scared . 
  it was n't at a political rally , it was n't a military target . 
  it was civilians at a busy intersection near a bus stop . 
  there is no way to protect yourself from that . 
  people think there will be more and are avoiding public spaces as much as possible . 
  not the end of the world sure , but a big deal in turkey . 
  yup it 's basically a copyright dispute . 
  stop being racist man , you are embarassing the turkish people . 
  some of my most educated and progressive friends have darker skin whereas i see fair skinned blue eyed women in headscarves everyday ( conservative men are n't as easy to identify ) . 
  neither the turks nor the kurds are ethnically homogeneous either and there are plenty of fair skinned people who identify as kurdish and plenty of dark skinned people who identify as turkish . 
  there is n't even an east west correlation with skin color . 
  like the rest of the world , skin tone correlates weakly with latitude ( north to south ) outside of the cosmopolitan metropolises . 
  you can collate from the global lists of terrorist attacks on wikipedia .
