  so yeah 1954 was a cold year . 
  my dad used to tell me about it , he went on the ice as a child . 
  i think we have already established that what the establishment in turkey needs is a strong dose of disestablishmentarianism . 
  who has ever returned a loanword ? 
  i thought troll was a mythical creature that lives under a bridge !, 
  the press however has used the term troll numerous times to mean a shill in an online context . 
  i do n't know where it got started , but just google `` troll factory '' and you will come up with numerous articles from reputable outlets that use the term in this way . 
  the old meaning is not lost however , nor have people forgotten the word shill . 
  troll is just a very imprecise term now , but it really is n't much of an issue , it 's fairly easy to understand which meaning is intended from the context . 
  a sockpuppet is one of a persons multiple accounts on a forum . 
  a shill might very well employ sockpuppets , but this is not a requirement . 
  they might instead of creating sockpuppets or multis spend their time on a larger amount of sites and have someone else in the office reply to their comments , so it 's all technically legit and no one is a sockpuppet . 
  incidentally a sockpuppet can also mean an actual puppet made from an actual sock . 
  ups drivers are not scary . 
  what optimism , it only lasted one us president . 
  i 've seen videos on youtube where some orthodox looking american rabbis shift all the usual antisemitic conspiracy theories onto frankists and sabbateans . 
  so it goes another level , there are crypto jewish heretics behind the jews behind everything . 
  something something hitler . 
  the muslims are taking over , there are no go zones !, 
  maybe the guy is literally from ionia . 
  i thought generally you folks preferred hellenic . 
  the problem is that companies sue farmers for their plants containing their patented genes . 
  even with skanderbeg , i do n't see how albania can pull it off . 
  they have to conquer serbia first , just to survive . 
  and how big is the albanian navy even ? 
  trying to sneak kazakhstan into the eu before triggering article 50 eh ? 
  crafty , but we 've all seen the `` yes minister ! '', 
  i think it will be difficult to flood switzerland , without also flooding the rest of europe . 
  it 's lowest elevation is 193 m above sea level . 
  are n't you guys more like the portuguese than the spanish ? 
  / joke, 
   greece had the option to default but it would have meant being booted from the eurozone with the subsequent immediate shutdown of the country . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  first off a default does not have to be in full . 
  the greeks could have taken a haircut to remain solvent . 
  the eu did n't have to kick greece out of the eurozone because of a haircut . 
  and being kicked out of the eurozone and even the eu was what the greeks were threatened with to accept more debt . 
  there is no reason why defaulting on your debt absolutely has to lead to you leaving the eurozone . 
  it certainly does n't require you to leave the eu . 
  many us states have defaulted . 
  no one tried to force them out of the union , or adopt a new currency because of this . 
  one does not automatically follow from the other , that is eu policy , which can be changed . 
  as for it being greece 's decision , when given the opportunity the greeks were willing to default even if it meant leaving the eurozone . 
  the greek political class , the same one that got the public into the mess , were the ones who agreed , probably for a price . 
   again , why would investors be punished for believing greek financial statistics . 
  why should greek pensioners and students be punished ? 
  were they any less deceived by the statistics ? 
  perhaps they would have voted differently if they had n't been lied to . 
  obviously the people who forged the data should be in jail . 
  had greece defaulted the investors would have had standing to sue those people for fraud . 
  but at the end of the day , investors have to do their own due diligence , caveat emptor . 
  now no one is in jail and the poorest greeks have to pay the price . 
  surely you see the injustice in that . 
   the systematic shock : one of the biggest topic of the crisis was the issue of toxic assets . 
  debt was packaged repackaged then repackaged 30 more times causing a greek default to cause a cascading effect of inestimable scale . 
  when the troika decided to contain the greek crisis , they have also protected the rest of europe and the world from the effects of risks shooting through the roof . 
  and how is this is the fault of the greek student and pensioner and the german worker who now has to compete with all the young greeks who have moved to germany as a result of the crisis ? 
  you ca n't even blame the greek government for this . 
  this is mostly on the the ratings agencies , another group where people need to go to jail for misleading investors / fraud , but also the eu for failing to regulate this market . 
  my understanding is that the greek elite does n't pay their taxes . 
  of course 40 % of gdp spent on the government ( which is the figure i saw at the start of the crisis ) is ludicrous . 
  but my understanding is that if greek businesses did n't do most of their business with cash under the table , the greek economy would be much bigger and the governments share of the gdp would shrink to a more reasonable level . 
  still high , perhaps , but not a ridiculous 40 % . 
  i think part of the problem is that everybody wants to find one party responsible and pin all the blame on them . 
  there are hundreds of people that have committed crimes . 
  and even more who are at fault . 
  at the end of the day however the banks and the eu are the most responsible in my opinion . 
  here is why : greece should have defaulted . 
  interest is justified because there is risk in every investment . 
  if you are lending someone at an interest of 50 % per anum . 
  that basically means that you think there is a slightly less than 33 % chance it will default . 
  because if you make 3 equally sized investments and one of those defaults , you will have to charge the other two 50 % on top of the principal to cover your losses . 
  now what you have is a system where investors can get returns with 0 risk . 
  the european commission seems to be more interested in protecting investors ( most of whom are not even european ) interests more than protecting those of it 's own citizens . 
  the german/dutch/etc . . tax payer still foots the bill , but in the mean time the bill has gone up 50 % in a year during the height of the crisis , just so that saudis , the koch brothers , south korean cults etc. . . do n't have to bear the risk inherent in investing in the bonds of a failing economy . 
  the way it happened is different , but the result has been the same as 2008 crisis in the usa . 
  the rich got richer , the poor got poorer , especially if they happened to be a greek student of pensioner . 
  the opposition parties are in opposition , what money are they supposed to spend ? 
  they can at best spend the property taxes they collect in the districts they control , it 's not enough to subsidize industry . 
  the akp , with it 's parliamentary majority collects all the income taxes , vat ( kdv ) , alcohol and gas taxes . 
  i mean really . 
  turkey is in economic turmoil and your first thought is statues put up in opposition neighborhoods by the opposition ? 
  this kind of rhetoric might work on people with only a elementary school education , but considering you are speaking english on the internet , you ca n't be that dumb , so i 'm gon na assume you are a shill . 
  it does seem to be a charade mostly . 
  a parliamentary commission drafted it , and then erdo\u011fan said he would veto it . 
  i do n't know if or what they passed while the child rape bill was hogging all the headlines , but the tl lost about 10 % of its value just a couple days before . 
  i expect it was mainly to distract attention from that . 
  i think % gdp is a poor metric . 
  different countries will get different amounts of bang for their buck . 
  it 's really easy to increase military spending by overpaying your contractors , but it wo n't have an effect on your readiness . 
  maybe you should have two euros . 
  make a second one for the periphery . 
  you could call it peripheros and float it against the euro . 
  southern and eastern europe can use that instead . 
   trust no one . 
  *** especially *** not ~ ~ even ~ ~ yourself . 
  ftfy, 
  `` you can not stop me , i spend 30,000 men a month . '', 
  i would have gone full jewish had i been caught , no one wants the headline , `` german police arrest jew for making fun of hitler '' . 
  that dick is pretty pencil think right there also uncircumcised .
