  no one even mentioned the quebecois specifically except you . 
  you also think that your personal experience with quebecois insults and whether or not i speak french has any bearing on the topic . 
  it is as irrelevant as this whole discussion is to the original post about syrians in germany . 
  french is not some special snowflake it 's a language like any other . 
  why even bring up insults specifically ? 
  you seem triggered . 
  take a breath next time you get salty and consider that maybe you are misinterpreting the other side . 
   i ca n't even imagine how you came to the conclusion that canada being cold had an effect on the way they speak french . 
  then you lack imagination . 
  climate , geography and history will all have an influence on the number , size and distribution of isolated rural communities populated by closely related people , the very people that are more likely to preserve archaic linguistic features . 
  rural pennsylvania is much more survivable than rural canada , thus you would expect more of these communities there than in canada . 
  it 's not the same , french speakers are a minority in canada , english speakers in the us are not . 
  in the us you have lots of minorities caving into social pressure and using english brining the quirks of their accents into american english . 
  in canada you have the french actively resisting adopting the majority language . 
  the pensylvania dutch ( actually germans ) is a more apt comparrison . 
  they certainly have retained the archaic forms of the regional dialect of the area they came from , more than germans living there now . 
  language standardization in the home country plays a significant role here , more than any particular preservation effort by diaspora . 
  my understanding is that the french pursued language standardization much more agressively than the germans , so i would n't be surprised to see a similar effect , particularly in rural french speaking communities in canada , though i expect there would be less of these communities because canada is cold . 
  people in the major cities would have experienced language standardization too , though not the same one . 
  while turkish mosques in europe have probably gotten more conservative under erdo\u011fan , i doubt these people are going to turkish mosques to listen to a sermon in turkish . 
  middle eastern people often signal their values with facial hair . 
  here is a rough guide to turkish mustaches : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=srzwyhrjh9u, 
  in any other century this would have been bad news . 
  but what does jein mean ? 
  doing stuff is hard so lets just give up and vote for nazis instead !, 
  still i think he saw him self as a human first and a jew second . 
  he was a real mensch that einstein , commendably on the right side of history on most issues . 
  party membership in germany is 2 % of the electorate . 
  the highest in europe are austria and greece with 17 % and 16 % respectively . 
  people do n't participate in the political process and then complain when it does n't work out for them . 
  people do n't pay any dues , do not organize on a local level and then expect parties to magically represent them . 
  it 's disheartening to see hard won rights and freedoms go unused in most of the world by the apathetic and lazy masses . 
  i 'll admit to perhaps not being clear enough . 
  i realize one can interpret :  either way , constantinople ( fatih ) is a tiny fraction of istanbul which incorporates the cities of pera ( beyo\u011flu ) , scutari ( \u00dcsk\u00fcdar ) and chalcedon ( kadik\u00f6y ) and other places that were barely inhabited until the 20th century as an assertion that pera , scutari , chalcedon and other places were barely uninhabited until the 20th century or that only the other parts not explicitly listed were scarcely inhabited . 
  i thought listing both the greek and turkish names would make it clear which of those possible interpretations i meant . 
  you seem to have a very combative attitude . 
  pera has been inhabited for millenia . 
  i was refering to other places , that make up 3/4 of the modern city that while not literally uninhabited , would have been farmland or pasture until the 1950s . 
  this map should be a polandball comic . 
  it seems that belgium , bosnia , greece , germany and estonia are being bullied . 
  also why are the hungarians making fun of scotts ? 
  the ethymology for istanbul is contested . 
  one argument is that it 's just a version of constantinople -  stan polis -  istanbul . 
  the other more accepted one is that it 's from eis tem polin ( to the city ) in old greek . 
  the eis preposition has made in to other turkish place names too like izmit ( ~ ~ nico ~ ~ media ) and iznik ( nicea actually pronounced nikea in greek ) . 
  either way , constantinople ( fatih ) is a tiny fraction of istanbul which incorporates the cities of pera ( beyo\u011flu ) , scutari ( \u00dcsk\u00fcdar ) and chalcedon ( kadik\u00f6y ) and other places that were barely inhabited until the 20th century . 
  kebab basically just means grill , so you there are a whole host of different types of kebab . 
  when you order d\u00f6ner , which is kind of similar to gyro , in turkey you would get the meat with a couple fries and tomatoes and pickles in either a pita pocket , 1/4 , 1/2 loaf or in a burrito . 
  putting sauce and cabbage on d\u00f6ner is kind of a german thing but has started to catch on here somewhat . 
  the flat bread was more of an eastern thing but has cought on in western turkey too . 
  i believe leonard nemoy also read that quote out in some of the civilization games when you finish one of the techs or wonders . 
  found it : https://youtu.be/75oun5gvdau?t=4m54s, 
  from a purely etymological perspective i find patriotism much more objectionable than nationalism . 
  one is from father , the other is from birth . 
  anyone can be born in a country , father is more indicative of race , it also ignores women . 
  did i say ankh , i meant it 's a lowercase t , short for trololo, 
  viking is not the preferred nomenclature . 
  scandinavian , please, 
   attractive place to migrate illegally to there is no such thing . 
  even if the state is unable to deport people , without a work permit they are the whims of employers willing to take the risk of giving them work illegally , generally not the nicest of people . 
  even as a legal migrant one is at a disadvantage against their employer if their work and living permit are tied to their employer . 
  people come to europe despite this , because where they live is even worse . 
  what are you willing to do ? 
  would you be willing to deprive europeans of a social safety net so that immigrants ca n't benefit from it ? 
  why not just try to adopt policies that keeps the places they are from from turning into shit holes ? 
  how about instead of arming slightly less undesirable groups wherever a conflict errupts , western nations tried to reach an agreement with china and russia to stop weapons shipments to the area , and also bomb existing weapons supplies , factories ? 
  not very profitable no ? 
  so the refugees will keep coming . 
  in fact it will get worse . 
  just wait until global warming kicks it up a notch . 
  babies in uniforms people !, 
  this is how it begins !, 
  if sturgeon shows up in frankfurt with a solid plan to meet those requirements , the eu would likely temporarily wave them , given the brexit and scottlands remain vote . 
  the question is whether scotland is willing to join the eurozone . 
  they should make irn-bru their currency . 
  really ? 
  my favorite is britain . 
  superpower !, 
  continent !, 
  delusions of grandeur !, 
   and for this specific case , i just want to add that this guys prints are all limited editions . 
  the 60 x 90 is a series of only 10 prints . 
  this is n't mass production this i do n't get at all . 
  why not sell 100 at a 5th of the price ? 
  the prints will be the same quality regardless of how many people have a copy , the artist can make more money and there will be less people complaining . 
  it 's the height of shallowness to care how many people have access to a print . 
  it 's a sales gimmick . 
  i do n't even see how all of these pictures selling 10 copies at that price . 
  maybe now that it 's on reddit . 
  we frown on artificial scarcity when it is applied to other commodities , why should we think differently about art ? 
  it means red flag , i would n't say it 's that common . 
  its not in the top 20 . 
  czech your privildge, 
   but they have no islamist party since enndha made the switch into a normal social conservative party . 
  it 's like you are talking about erdo\u011fan and his akp in the early 2000s . 
  you also get alot of connection reset by peer . 
  i wish they would return a 451 . have some humor with your censorship . 
  i doubt erdo\u011fan personally ordered this , probably some sycophant did it to please him . 
  then again , he has been known to micromanage ( tapes of him complaining about scrolling text on cnnturk ) heck considering the streisand effect , you might argue some gulenist in the btk did it to bring attention to it . 
  afaik best korea and cuba do n't really have the internet at all .
