  you would also want to distinguish both from a citadel . 
  castle seems to be used as a catch all though to refer to manors with no military purpose , forts that only every housed soldiers , citadels , and everything in between . 
  chateau is just french for castle . 
  they share the same french/latin root , which to add to the confusion originally meant fort . 
  i hope you are being sarcastic . 
  i actually like the mixture of old and new and the cube on the left is fine , but i think the black building looks terrible from that angle because it is n't aligned properly . 
  it 's also really nothing special without that little house stuck in the roof . 
  kind of an ugly color too . 
  if this were a painting i would expect it to represent something raw and against the grain . 
  in a painting meaning might compensate for ugliness but architecture should almost never be ugly in my opinion . 
  ah , totalitarian empires , bringing ethnically and culturally diverse people together since the 330s bc . 
  fit in , sure , but we face the same discrimination when applying for apartments and jobs . 
  to germany 's credit , the state is very fair , but private entities and citizens not so much . 
  i agree with you but i feel like distractions like these are probably secretly welcomed by your politicians as well . 
  and you know the media loves the clicks . 
  mock dogfights on the aegean and planting flags on rocks are one thing , war is another . 
  i doubt he would have much support for a war against greece , even among his most fanatical supporters . 
  we have a saying in turkey that translates to `` i 'm telling you my daughter so my daughter in law understands it '' he might be adressing greeks , but it 's really for internal consumption . 
  erdo\u011fan had trouble getting his generals to go into syria ( until the coup ) , i doubt he can convince them to invade greece . 
  if they fail , and they almost certainly would , because turkey would n't be fighting greece alone , it 's not just erdo\u011fan 's head that would roll ( figuratively speaking ) , they would have to stand trial as well . 
  we are essentially fighting a proxy war in syria . 
  i do n't see how we can be allies . 
  sometimes i feel like obama , putin and erdo\u011fan are all acting from a common script . 
  i know it 's crazy , but considering all the contradictions and shifting alliances , i ca n't help but feel a sense of incredulity . 
  the declaration of friendship has expired and he requires more minerals if he is going to wololo, 
  he could n't express them as openly until he realized he could get away with funneling billions to his family and cronies . 
  we are all living on neanderthal land , we all need to evacuate to africa immediately . 
  eh , settlements in this part of the world date to the neolithic era . 
  there are ruins of an 8000 year old town under the city walls of constantinople . 
  perhaps ( but not necessarily ) these people spoke an indo european language , but calling them greek is a bit of a stretch . 
  we will never know for sure , because writing had n't been invented yet , by anybody . 
  this is what wikipedia has to say about ionia specifically : from the 18th century bc the region was a part of the hittite empire with possible name arzawa , which was destroyed by invaders during the 12th century bc together with the collapse of the empire . 
  ionia was settled by the greeks probably during the 11th century bc . 
  the most important city was miletus ( the milawanta of hittites ) . 
  you would have to quarter me and send me to a bunch of places , two of which would still be in turkey , one would be spain and the final quarter could be somewhere along the volga or crimea or turkmenistan it 's unclear . 
  i like the fact that byzantine is also an adjective : `` excessively complicated , and typically involving a great deal of administrative detail . '', 
  a byzantine empire indeed !, 
  except you never have a discussion about what to do . 
  it 's not that i really disagree with people like you . 
  yeah islam is bad . 
  but you seem to think that just stating the problem will bring about a solution . 
  in reality what happens is you empower people who say `` let 's nuke 'm '' . 
  every single video by sam harris and the like ends up having a bunch of comments dehumanizing muslims and suggesting we murder them all . 
  if you state a problem and do n't state a solution then people will come up with solutions that you do n't like . 
  so maybe stop repeating this stuff as if it actually solves anything . 
  also please stop calling people moderate muslims . 
  anyone who accepts that label without protest will end up with zero legitimacy among muslims . 
  calling them true muslims would be an improvement , but i 'd suggest you not talk about these people at all , just help them with money if you want , because any visible support from westerners also delegitimatizes them in the eyes of the people you want them to influence . 
  truth is n't the only thing that matters , arguably it does n't matter at all ( but i 'm not an absolutist ) , perception is far more important . 
  the people who repeat this stuff day in and day out , thinking it adds to the discussion , seem autistic to me . 
  edit : do n't take this personally , i 'm speaking in general . 
  i disagree the root of terrorism is terror , there is no implication of destruction . 
  but even if you must have violence for something to be terrorism consider that religion tries to scare you into believing it by saying you will be eternally tortured in the afterlife if you do n't . 
  just because the violence is only threatened instead of immediately carried out , does n't make it not terrorism . 
  i think intellectual terrorism is quite apt to describe it . 
  that does n't sound so bad , the sun is out longer in summer anyway , and gmt +3 means losing an hour of sunlight in the winter evenings arguably worse . 
  let 's face it , they did this because erdo\u011fan wanted to be in the same time zone as mecca , not because of a rational consideration . 
  and while abandoning dst is popular , changing the time zone would not have been . 
  this map is kind of messed up . 
  crimea is n't an island , the bosphorus is no where near that wide , there are way more islands in the aegean it 's not just rhodes and crete , and ireland looks pretty funky , and malta is missing . 
  while there are more french and latin words in english than germanic ones , when you look at the words people use in everyday speech instead of the whole dictionary , words with germanic roots have the overwhelming majority . 
  just pay the damn danegeld and you 'll be fine . 
  i guess you really like downvotes huh ? 
   the investor has the capital that he ~ ~ borrows ~ ~ lends to the company in borrow is only used when the subject receives the item lent . 
  lending you can use both ways ( i will loan you 5 bucks , if you lend me your bong ) . 
  this is common mistake among germans , but it 's the first time i 've seen a romanian make it . 
  i expect the hedge funds hedged their bets and funded both sides ( yes it 's a joke ), 
  dunce is n't a particularly common insult in american english , it also derived from the name of a scottsman who lived prior to the discovery of the americas . 
  hence i would argue the english equivalent of dunce is still dunce . 
  yeah but european countries would n't be different . 
  you would have to have similarly expensive legal procedures before actually going through with it in europe as well . 
   the french language in canada is more like old french than modern french spoken in france today i am not responsible for what other people say . 
  i responded to your analogy with us english . 
  the comparison only holds up in urban quebec . 
  it baffles me that you would think that there are n't french speaking communities in canada that have retained archaic forms more than in france itself . 
  this is true of every other linguistically isolated diaspora community not just french . 
  if you want to believe that french is special or deny the french governments standardisation efforts , or pretend they managed to extend to rural alberta , so be it , i have no interest in continuing this discussion with you . 
  edit : fixed a place where i said france instead of canada . 
  il douche is donald trump . 
  i actually had n't read the article before i commented . 
  the article makes it pretty clear they are talking about wahabi mosques , not turkish ones :  many of them do not want to go to turkish mosques because they do not understand the sermons . 
  they prefer to worship where people speak arabic .  yet in these mosques , other problems arise . 
  they are often short of funds , or else supported by saudi arabia and the gulf states . 
  some back ultra-conservative or highly literal interpretations of islam , such as wahhabism or salafism . 
   `` unfortunately it is true that a large majority of arabic-speaking mosques are more conservative than turkish mosques , '' said professor mouhannad khorchide , who heads the centre for islamic theology at muenster university . 
  that poses problems for integrating those who are less conservative . 
  and also  `` one time when i was there , a salafist asked a young arab man to leave because he was wearing shorts , '' he added . 
  `` at the turkish mosque no one cares what you 're wearing . '', 
  that being said , i do n't want to give the impression that turkish mosques in germany are wonderful , there probably is some regressive shit being spewed from the pulpit . 
  i have no idea as i 've never been in a mosque with the exception of funerals or to look at the architecture . 
  just read this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/acadian_french#characteristics, 
   french speakers are not a minority in qu\u00e9bec , where most of the french-speaking canadians live . 
  you admit that it 's most and not all , there are francophone communities outside of quebec . 
  i thought it was clear that you see this effect in minority communities . 
  furthermore not every one in quebec lives in montreal and a rural community is more likely to be inhabited by people originally from the same part of france and these communities would have preserved the regional distinctions more than people in the part of france they are from due to differences in urbanization and state language policy . 
   english was never the majority language in qu\u00e9bec . 
  please find where i stated the opposite ? 
  you are making assumptions and fighting against an argument no one is making . 
  i do n't disagree with :  their french is no more a static language than french is in france i thought i made it clear when i said  people in the major cities would have experienced language standardization too , though not the same one . 
  but you seem to be making it out to be an all or nothing thing .
