  i ca n't be bothered but its in the low triple digits . 
  the first ankara bombing was the worst that one and had 104 casualties . 
  every other event has had less than 40 . 
  and there has been 5-6 bombings . 
  his nephew can help him with that . 
  he was caught with 50kg of the dank nugs , claimed it was for personal use and was let go . 
  erdo\u011fan 's personality cult might not have exactly the same forms , like statues but that is irrelevant . 
  after all statues are not what defines a personality cult . 
  erdo\u011fan 's is naturally a more islam themed personality cult . 
  and statues are too close to the golden calf so there might not be any statues . 
  this does n't change the fact that the man is deified by some , all his faults swept under the rug and all good things ascribed to his leadership . 
  if erdo\u011fan had retired around 2012 he would have been universally loved . 
  10 years is the expiry date for even good leaders . 
  any longer and they get too powerful and too good at enriching themselves . 
  they also end up surrounded only by sycophants and lose touch with reality . 
  his reaction to the gezi protests reflected that this had happened to erdo\u011fan . 
  had he had advisers with a mind of their own , they could have told him to be less combative , to perhaps put some of the projects in istanbul to a local referendum . 
  but he chose instead to strangle the media polarize society . 
  erdo\u011fan was n't even a great leader to begin with . 
  for comparison \u00d6zal was much better : more democratic , was a skilled economist and had a lot of foreign clout , both in the west and the muslim world . 
  erdo\u011fan was once an asset for turkey in terms of his middle eastern connections , but that 's all he ever had . 
  now he is a liability , his stumbles make the currency lose value and western leaders who sign deals with him like merkel face significant opposition from their own populations as a result . 
  it 's high time to replace this man by any rational measure . 
  the fact that his supporters ca n't see this is evidence of the personality cult emerging around him . 
  too much of turkey 's success is attributed to this one man . 
  just like kemal got too much credit for turkish independence . 
  it 's all good . 
  i 'm just reeling from the fact that both you and / u/skulder confirmed my humorously intended brainfarts . 
   or maybe you 're making a generalisation of an entire nation based on two people or maybe i was , you know , making a joke . 
  do you not have those in japan ? 
  i had a half danish friend back when i lived in germany . 
  one time we were drunk in my dorm . 
  our showers were being renovated and were unfinished . 
  he took a leak on the raw concrete waiting to have tiles set . 
  i pretty much stopped being friends with him after that because i saw it as disrespect for the workers who had to finish that shit and it became clear how much of an alcohol problem he had . 
  now i finally understand . 
  this is how the danes do art . 
  it was a social commentary on trickle down economics and the complicity of the middle class in shitting on blue collar workers . 
  the stages of grief are denial , anger , bargaining , depression , and acceptance . 
  i 'm at anger now . 
  i 'm very angry at hilary clinton . 
  she should have taken the hint in 2008 and not run again . 
  donald trump won because of nafta . 
  this is literally the brexit vote . 
  elizabeth warren or bernie sanders , or even joe biden could have won this . 
  none of them had clinton 's baggage . 
  and honestly nafta , free trade , is defensible , she did n't even try . 
  she just dodged the issue and went negative on trump . 
  i came of age during the clinton presidency . 
  i have fond memories of the period . 
  i thought she would have made a good president , but she was n't the only one who would have . 
  her narcissism has perhaps doomed human civilization as we know it . 
  and when a woman in some hillbilly state with no abortion clinics within a thousand miles , gives birth to her rapists ' child , she can thank hillary for handing the supreme court to the republicans . 
  thanks hillary !, 
  the brits can relax now , americans are now officially the punching bag again . 
   it 's highly questionable if erdogan had much to do with erdo\u011fan had very little to do with it . 
  but considering our economy is still growing above population growth , despite two wars next door , a weak euro and an poor recovery in europe ( the majority of our exports are to eurozone ) , crisis with russia and a massive trade deficit . 
  i do n't know how they are holding it together , but they are . 
  i assume with massive cash injections from qatar and sa . 
  but i guess those are n't enough anymore either because the lira keeps slipping . 
  generally the relevant ministers deserve a lot of credit . 
  perhaps erdo\u011fan deserves some for bringing in arab money . 
  i get how people who have been indoctrinated since childhood buy into islam , i even kind of get male converts . 
  but why oh why do western women convert to a religion that values them as exactly half as much as a man ? 
   still the best candidate that 's assuming the best candidate is getting elected . 
  in fact typically the most electable is being elected . 
  the person who would actually do the best job might just not be getting media attention . 
  also power corrupts , better to have fresh blood every now and then . 
  you seem really informed for someone from india . 
  why do you have such an interest ? 
  i would recommend you do not count out the kemalists just yet , or for that matter the g\u00fclenists . 
  12 million kemalists are not nothing , especially considering the relative economic power and a better image in the west . 
  the g\u00fclenists on the other hand are insignificant in number but probably have enough members in the akp parliamentary group to force a new election with a vote of no confidence if they wanted to , and their lobbying power in washington rivals erdo\u011fan 's . 
  of course erdo\u011fan is very strong too , the majority of the public is on his side , but unless he compromises with someone other than the nationalists -- a difficult coalition to hold when you keep getting humiliated internationally -- he will bring the country to civil war . 
  his prime minister is already threatening with it . 
  the future is fraught with danger in turkey , at least in the short term , no matter which side you are on . 
  can we just make divide by two add seven a law ? 
   and since no one is under any obligation to do so there is a scenario , where they are captured , tried and sentenced to death in iraq , where the uk government might be obliged to request extradition on account of no such penalty existing in britain . 
  i 'm not sure that that obligation exists , or what the treaties between britain and iraq look like , but it is a possibility . 
  and if it does , i expect it to be done halfheartedly and fail . 
  i think you will still be able to visit all those places , the british passport should remain solid , you just wo n't be able to live and work there . 
  so really there is no particular rush . 
  pfft , you guys just failed to reign in britain , are bleeding ia in cyprus , have only 28 princes , many of which are heretics . 
  count yourself lucky if you can pass erbkeisertum , such a mistake to pass ewiger landfriede before you convert enough princes militarily . 
  i think there should be an olympics for silly sports . 
  a [ silly olympics ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4wrwzrthgxi ) if you will . 
  this map is as likely to come true as the ottoman empire is likely to be resurrected . 
   he is still poor because he spent all his ill gotten gains on gambling , drugs and whores clearly this man is robin hood, 
   slay all the dragons if you had asked the chinese , they would have told you that the dragons were actually friendly . 
  but you were so full of yourselves with your colonialism and your opium wars you just would n't listen . 
  you wiped out the only other sentient species on the planet . 
  you monsters !, 
   mps in turkey do not have immunity mps in turkey do have immunity , a law was passed after the last election to lift the immunities for one time regarding current cases awaiting prosecution . 
  but if a new case were to come to the parliament they would have to vote on it individually . 
  i do n't see the prime minister going against the ruling if it stands . 
  what i would expect to see is the issue brought before parliament . 
  or if everyone in your parliament is too chickenshit then perhaps they can hold a second referendum , one that will be binding this time . 
  75 % of all hazelnuts are turkish . 
  if there is a market for pizza with more salami why does n't a local company try to fill it ? 
  i feel like people in the former communist block are n't particularly entrepreneurial .
