  he has effectively turned turkey into a second israel in this regard . 
  hence the relatively recent statement by obama ( and also uk foreign minister but who cares ) , `` turkey has the right to defend itself '' with regards both to the downing of the russian jet and reiterated when he started bombing the kurds in syria . 
  you usually only hear this kind of rhetoric with regards to israel . 
  the tail does n't wag the dog buddy . 
  but i also think you have the wrong idea about nato . 
  if countries were to be kicked out of nato for not being democracies then greece , and turkey would have been kicked out during their respective junta periods , or when greece tried to annex cyprus or when turkey invaded cyprus as a response . 
   i think it 's more likely people simply wanted to believe a lot of stuff about turkey . 
  also , akp did indeed do quite a bit of reform in its early years , so its not like it was taken out of thin air . 
  you add the fact that they were one of the earliest members of nato etc , and you see why people just were in denial about the whole situation . 
  i was referring to this part . 
  did you mean to reply to me ? 
  i do n't see how this is relevant to what i have said . 
  how about you listen to what they said before you make your mind up ? 
  i think you are naive as was perhaps this particular professor . 
  but judging by past and current behaviour i expect the eurocrats and washington had less than benevolent intentions in lending this man support . 
  no no , that 's what public relations is for . 
  in `` real democracies ^ tm '' you just slander real journalists and incentivise shills . 
  only crazy politicians that have been surrounded by yes men and lackeys for a decade and are under political threat feel they need to control the media this much . 
  you might have heard about half of this stuff if you 've already listened to these men speak elsewhere . 
  but there were a couple of things i had n't heard in previous talks . 
  also it almost seemed like chomsky was interviewing varoufakis . 
  i ca n't think of anyone more qualified to do so . 
  i made banana bread today with pecans wallnuts and raisins . 
  it 's pretty good . 
  should have used older bananas but i did n't want to wait . 
  my understanding is that the north was n't much different until relatively recently . 
  people were slapping each other with gloves and inviting each other to duels over insults . 
  i wonder what it was that changed that . 
  in my experience , it 's harder to find an apartment in germany if you have a foreign name . 
  american fake cheese is good for mac and cheese though . 
  true , but it does n't change the fact that they no longer were fighting the war and that the bolsheviks released the pre war deals . 
  the publication of the deals , war exhaustion from the horrible trench warfare and disregard for soldiers life by the aristocratic officers and inspiration of the russians was creating problems for most of the armies ( including the germans ) . 
  seconded, 
  i would n't say that the entente had already won , considering russia turned into the soviet union , withdrawing from the war and also releasing information about the secret negotiations made prior to the war . 
  it 's not just afghanistan . 
  for example you backed a coup in my country in 1981 . 
  those generals promptly reopened religious schools and added mandatory ( sunni muslim not comparatative ) religious instruction to the regular schools . 
  it 's astonishing sometimes how little americans know about what their government has done in the past , especially since most of it gets declassified eventually . 
  your media only gives you crumbs . 
  what 's sad is that you did n't use religion as a tool against communism only in your own country , but also the middle east . 
  i expect islam would have about the same status in the middle east as christianity does in europe , if the us had not time and time again supported islamists over secular nationalists fearing that the secularist would align with the soviets . 
  yup , that 's a town alright . 
  no such thing as free, 
  you know i 'd be less reluctant to believe in a god if it did n't typically come attached to a promise of an afterlife and divine justice . 
  the latter is way too good to be true , it just sounds like someone trying to sell me the bosporus bridge . 
  googolplex hour energy, 
  what exactly do you even expect turkey to do ? 
  arrest people for getting on boats ? 
  arrest people for going into international waters ? 
  neither of those are illegal . 
  the whole point of the deal was to take away the incentive of refugees to go to europe by returning them to turkey once they had arrived . 
  we are under no obligation to accept foreign nationals you do n't want in your country . 
  do n't get salty with me , i ca n't take it , i 'm from the black sea . 
  but this guy was named paul . 
  all this mountain envy , it 's quite misplaced . 
  it 's not the size of your mountains it 's how you use it , 
  we too have both mountains and lots of coastline . 
  you do n't get completely clean with just toilet paper , you can use baby wipes but bidet + normal toilet paper is much easier on the plumbing . 
  have you never seen yes prime minister ? 
  but you can just build a gun if it comes to that . 
  fucking pakistanis in caves can make decent guns using some pretty basic implements . 
  you can never get rid of guns completely but you can prevent some people from killing people in a passing moments of anger , most teenagers from shooting up schools , and pretty much all small children shooting people or themselves accidentally . 
  maybe because the netherlands is burgundy colored . 
  it 's a fighter jet headed for greece , duh !, 
  more like `` provides more bait '' . 
  both those flags are wrong . 
  the turkish side 's flag has a weird blue tint instead of being white and that map of cyprus on the greek side is the also the wrong color ( should be orange ) and is about as misshapen as a dolan cartoon . 
  also the laurels are too short . 
  so it seems like that guy replied to bait with more bait . 
  at least he is an equal opportunity baiter . 
  but nepal was never a french colony . 
  also it would have been better if poland got eaten too . 
  still pretty impressive . 
  7/10 would anschluss again . 
  your rant about yoghurt and pennsylvania had me thinking you are a gulenist  but looking at your i guess you are czech . 
  do czech people eat a lot of yoghurt ? 
  i though it was mostly just us , the bulgarians and the greeks that really care . 
  underrated comment this . 
  right ? 
  so stupid . 
  it will not solve their problem at all . 
  do they honestly think there is n't a single person in isis and al-qaeda who can write their own encryption algorithm ? 
  if they want to do surveillance they should install a back door in devices so when the agency sends a signal the device starts sending any text that is entered into it to the intelligence agency before it is even encrypted . 
  of course there are always workarounds . 
  i could write a message on an airgapped computer , encrypt it with my own custom encryption algorithm , put the message on a usb stick and send the message on a different computer that is connected to the internet . 
  but this is a hard security practice to keep up . 
  just writing your own encryption algorithm is trivial in comparison . 
  one guess , other than technological ignorance , as to why this keeps coming up might be that there already are backdoors in the most common encryption algorithms and governments keep up this discourse so no one suspects that they already exist . 
  i doubt it though , it 's probably just ignorance . 
   with that amount of incest dna diversity could be declining rapidly that is not true , unless you take for granted that the children of incest produce vastly more offspring . 
  given that incest happens more commonly in rural communities with higher birthrates there might be a decline in diversity but rapidly is an overstatement . 
  furthermore to make projections into the future you must have data about intergenerational rates of incest , the situation could be getting better or worse . 
  i would expect and hope it 's the former but i have n't seen data . 
  my expectation would be based on the large migration to the cities that occurred in the later half of the 20th century . 
  on the other hand declining rural population could cause incest to increase in rural communities . 
  one metric is certainly not sufficient to make future projections . 
  i do n't want to be mistaken for a defender of incest , i object to it on moral grounds . 
  however , the genetic arguments against it are not as strong on their own . 
  if one has a spartan morality , ie : one simply abandons genetically defective newborns , and you have lots of children , incest actually reduces the rate of serious genetic deficiencies in a population , which is why it is quite rampant in the animal and plant kingdom . 
  of course there is more nuance than that , some deficiencies can be minor or difficult to detect in newborns and the child might survive into sexual maturity and reproduce .
