  if i do n't value gold , you wont be able to purchase anything from me using it , same as fiat currencies . 
   to gamble on financial instruments unlike gold , financial assets are productive : real estate produces rent , shares produce profit and bonds yield interest . 
  gold just sits there and costs you a bunch of money to keep safe . 
  trading in precious metals produce or fail to produce a profit purely on the basis of supply and demand , that is as speculative as it gets . 
   physics of popes what happens when a pope and and antipope collide ? 
  sure they should have thought about this when they signed up , but surely you can see how the eu running a trade surplus raises the value of the euro and makes the southern countries less competitive . 
  the result is immigration from the south to the north , which helps balance wages and makes the gdp numbers look nice but since these southern countries do n't get to collect the taxes and social security from their most productive people their retirement funds struggle and they have to run unsustainable budget deficits or cut government spending which is now a large segment of the economy because a large chunk of the productive segment has moved to the north . 
  i think northerners need to understand that they benefit more from the euro than the periphery . 
  if the periphery were to reintroduce national currencies the value of the euro would go up and their exports would become uncompetitive , people would lose their jobs and pension funds would get in trouble . 
  much like the brexiters , the residents of the northern countries fundamentally misunderstand their negotiating position . 
  the periphery is already strugling , they do n't have as much to lose as you . 
  l -  t is not a consonant shift you see anywhere else . 
  this etymology is very unlikely . 
  somewhat more likely is constantinapolis -  stanpolis -  stanpol -  istanbul . 
  dropping syllables , p -  b transitions you see all around the world . 
  most turks ca n't pronounce two consecutive consonants in the same syllable , and typically insert a vowel ( \u0131 , i , u , or \u00fc depending on vowel harmony ) between or before the consonants . 
  that being said , i find the `` to/in the city '' etymology more likely because you have other city names that appear to have had the same thing happen : nikea * -  iznik , nicomedia -  media -  izmit . 
  ( * ) nicea is mispronounced by westerners , it was written with a kappa in greek it should have a hard c sound . 
  i believe for a long time c was only ever hard in latin , but when this changed people were confused and you got things like the nicene creed instead of the nikean creed . 
  but estonia is in the baltics , not the balkans . 
  what was wenger thinking sending walcott on that early ? 
  just like mother russia . 
   you do n't see steve bannon , nigel farage , donald trump or any other boogeymen of the right beheading children , burning men alive , stoning women to death for adultery after being raped , using children as human shields , committing genocide on minorities and dissidents , committing terrorist attacks at weddings , schools , markets , hospitals and so on . 
  you do n't see abu bakhr al baghdadi doing any of those things either . 
  neo nazis have engaged in acts of terror and murdered people . 
  arson is one of their favorite tactics so they have burned people alive . 
  they do n't really behead people , but if that 's what you are going to nitpick about then you are a lost cause , murder is murder . 
  is there though ? 
  the issue has been talked about , but there is no referendum date , there is no law on the president 's table , there is no bill waiting for a vote in parliament , it has n't been voted on or discussed in commission . 
  all we have is two remarks by erdo\u011fan . 
  just european politicians are getting ahead of themselves to score some cheap political points . 
  what is sad is that they are making the death penalty coming back more likely . 
  i do n't think this is an issue erdo\u011fan cares too much about . 
  the turkish people on the other hand are overwhelmingly for the death penalty . 
  the more they are reminded of the issue the more pressure there is on erdo\u011fan and the akp to actually bring it to a referendum . 
  fortunately , for now , in turkey the news is being hidden in later headlines rather than emphasized . 
  to be fair not allowing a referendum in your country is also an unfriendly act . 
  if every single voter besides macron and le pen first round voters abstained , macron wins , so there 's not even that argument . 
  what if instead of everybody abstaining , a significant chunk of fillion voters ended up voting for le pen ? 
  could n't happen ? 
  are you sure ? 
  wan na risk it ? 
  you have to ask yourself this simple question . 
  would you rather macron be president of france or le pen . 
  that is what is on the ballot . 
  if you do n't care at all , and you think they will be exactly the same , abstaining is understandable . 
  but if you do have a preference , however slight you should vote . 
  if you are abstaining just because you do n't like either candidate you are an idiot . 
  nothing else is on the ballot . 
  pick the one you like better . 
  your abstention does n't mean anything . 
  i mean no one will even know why you abstained . 
  it 's just you being lazy . 
  if you want to be counted , sign a petition or something . 
  ww2 damage ? 
  uh , it 's a museum right now , sort of comparative religion themed , with a bit of history of religious war mixed in , that 's as close as it 's going to get to an atheist temple . 
   hey , there is a mutual defence clause in the lisbon treaty ? 
  cyprus is n't a nato member . 
  though they might have a similar deal with the eu . 
  to be fair , i doubt polish communist killed nearly as many poles as hitler or stalin . 
  i have no idea , but i expect the difference to be multiple orders of magnitude . 
  that being said , communism is just a theocracy without god . 
  i think there is a distinction to be made , however , between symbols , holocaust denial and incitement to violence , calls for genocide . 
  i think germany takes it too far . 
  if a person is an idiot and wants to deny the holocaust publicaly let them , because it 's not like the german people have n't been exposed to this rhetoric because it is banned . 
  if anything banning it makes it look like there is something to hide and also gives free publicity to the deniers when they are taken to court and it makes the papers . 
  stupid uralics , you only need 6 noun cases : * k\u00f6pek - nominative - dog * k\u00f6pekte - locative - at dog * k\u00f6pekten - ablative - from dog * k\u00f6pe\u011fe - dative - to dog * k\u00f6pe\u011fin - genitive - of dog * k\u00f6pe\u011fi - accusative - dog well except for the possessives * k\u00f6pe\u011fim - 1 . person possessive ( singular ) - my dog * k\u00f6pe\u011fin - 2 . person possessive ( singular ) - your dog * k\u00f6pe\u011fi - 3 . person possessive ( singular/plural ) - her/their dog * k\u00f6pe\u011fimiz - 1 . person possessive ( plural ) - our dog * k\u00f6pe\u011finiz - 2 . person possessive ( plural/formal ) - your dog of course you can have other suffixes too but those do n't really count as proper noun cases afaik , many of them turn the noun into a verb or adjective . 
  * k\u00f6pek\u00e7e - essive - of a doglike quality / doggish language * k\u00f6pek\u00e7i - ? 
  - a person who sells dogs * k\u00f6pekle - instrumental - utilizing dog * k\u00f6pekle\u015f - translative - turn into a dog * k\u00f6pekli - inclusive - with dog * k\u00f6peklik - ? 
  - a place to store your dog * k\u00f6peklik - ? 
  - being dog * k\u00f6pekse - conditional - if dog * k\u00f6peksi - ? 
  - somewhat doglike * k\u00f6peksiz - abessive - without dog * k\u00f6pek\u00e7il - ? 
  - preferring dog * k\u00f6pekcik - diminutive - doggy/doggo * k\u00f6peksel - ? 
  - dog related and maybe half a dozen or so others that do n't really make much sense when combined with dog ( though some of those listed are n't really used either . 
  it seems these kinds of suffixes are included in the lists which is sort of wrong imo , though perhaps the essive , abessive , instrumental and inclusive could be included as they do serve the same function as a preposition . 
  the main point , though , is do you really need more than one locative/ablative/dative case ? 
  because you uralics seem to have like a half a dozen of each . 
  to be fair , the indo europeans seem to be suffering from the same lack of simplicity with their `` in `` s and their `` on `` s. / s, 
   welp , guess i live in slovania now . 
  now you will be confused with slovakia even more . 
  only an independent slavonia can make this situation worse . 
  ahh , agglutination , we have plenty of it too , for example : finlandiyal\u0131la\u015ft\u0131rabildiklerimizden misiniz ? 
  translation : are you one of those whom we could turn finnish ? 
   if you have peace you can grow food . 
  unless the french and dutch undercut you with their massive agricultural subsidies . 
  does this really qualify as a chateau ? 
  looks to me like a fort meant to house soldiers rather than the fortified house of some asshole . 
  stupidest comment i 've read all day . 
  soros makes his money trading in financial assets and avoiding taxes . 
  you might hate the man , but monetizing spite fits murdoch much better than it does soros . 
  if anything , soros spitizes money . 
  really ? 
  you joke , but i would really appreciate it if people in the west would stop pretending erdo\u011fan 's former enablers and allies as some kind of heroes of democracy not islamists , especially fettullah g\u00fclen and his crew . 
  they are n't the fucking jedi people . 
  those movies are unrealistic not only in their portrayal of space lasers that make sounds in vacuum , but it 's naive view of politics . 
  there are no fucking good guys . 
  game of thrones  star wars . 
   the situation in iran is far less terrible than westerners think it is . 
  have you considered the same might be true of turkey ? 
  sure buddy , there is a god , and a heaven and a hell , and you are going to heaven and all the bad people are going to hell .
