  in this case whether or not the specific genetic deficiency increases or decreases is dependent on whether the individuals with those genes reproduce more or less than those without it . 
  the math regarding genetic deficiencies acquired through new mutations also changes depending on litter size , mating frequency and patterns . 
  for modern humans incest is a bad evolutionary strategy . 
  we have too few children and we are too moral to murder our children if they turn out to be retarded , but it works out ok for dogs . 
   i smell the blood of an englishman , patience , there 's still two days left till they trigger article 50 . 
   the most islamist thing akp has done in the last 10 years is make headscarves legal in public institutions . 
  they 've destroyed science education with their religious shit . 
  nah , it 's the same gambit they pulled with bush : make the president seem retarded . 
  then have a terror attack , obviously the president was incompetent because he is retarded , he ca n't read very well . 
  the cia had no early warning or anything . 
  we are invading country x to bring freedom and democracy . 
  i just want to know if it 's us or iran next . 
  it 's almost as if he was a secularist . 
  what if i told you quite a few nations traded with the nazis , even during the war , including the usa which also joined the fight later ( though obviously not as late as turkey ), 
  yeah but at least they are a democracy now , they used to be a military dictatorship like all of the usa 's asian allies . 
  like rain on your wedding day . 
  until someone posts the 3rd reich . 
  i guess you guys went vertical , explains why you are super rich , no admin spent on coring will do that . 
  america has the empire now , let 's see how you will be remembered . 
  this guy empires . 
  for the empire silly . 
  i would argue zeeg in english and sijg in german would be more accurate phonetically than sig as alternative spellings of sieg . 
  do n't forget to have someone standing behind him at the triumph repeatedly reminding him that he is only a man . 
  strange that it 's in latin , if you are going to go to the effort of having special fabric made just for you why not have a little national pride and use your own damn alphabet . 
  this guy might be in a social media factory in russia trying to help drive a wedge into nato . 
  of course i have no evidence for this , but you have to consider the possibility , the troll factories are n't a myth . 
  perhaps . 
  i wish people would n't use so many acronyms . 
  or do like contracts and newspapers and put the expansion in parentheses . 
  what does gpa stand for ? 
  perhaps , uk population density is very high though . 
  i believe france is about the same as turkey . 
  my limited personal experience suggest though , that what europeans call a village we call a town and there are almost no villages left in europe . 
  istanbul : 14.8 million , ankara : 5.2 million , \u0130zmir : 4 million , bursa : 2.8 million , antalya : 2.2 million , adana : 1.8 million , gaziantep : 1.5 million , diyarbak\u0131r : 1.3 million , konya : 1.2 million , mersin : 1 million top 10 largest cities : 35.8 million we 've packed ourselves like sardines into the cities ( you wont find many buildings under 4 stories , average is probably around 8 ) and many rural settlements in turkey are under 1000 people . 
  what if you have a vasectomy ? 
  from my knowldege of german and english i understood i 'm going to get a pack of kalkoenfilet and throw it over the german border . 
  that aught to teach them . 
  but what is a kalkoenfilet ? 
  edit : according to image search apparently it 's roast chicken or something . 
  this begs the question : why tho ? 
  i like anusridder . 
  the muslims in the us come from a much higher social class than the ones in europe . 
  i do n't know much about other muslims , but most turks came under guest worker programs . 
  most turks you will find in the us come to attend university . 
  my experience in europe has been fairly free of racism on the part of the state , individuals on the other hand ... for example it 's next to impossible to get an apartment outside of a cultural ghetto as a turk in germany for example . 
  i think you are being naive , they probably filed for the wrong paperwork on purpose . 
  it really is much better propaganda for them if you block them . 
  that 's not how schr\u00f6dinger 's thought experiment works . 
  it 's more like : a politician is behind closed doors with a nuclear executive , given that there is a 50 % chance that the exec will offer a bribe and a 100 % chance the politician will accept it , until the doors open the politician is in a quantum superposition of being both corrupt and clean at the same time . 
   a guy in denmark makes one cartoon about mohammed and shit hits the fan . 
  there is a big difference here it 's not like it was the first or last cartoon of mohammed that was ever made , there was an organized effort by some muslims to create outrage about this . 
  give it some time , most muslim countries or parts of them are pretty backwards technologically and only got access to what was happening in the rest of the world with cellphones . 
  eventually muslims will become more desensitized . 
   how many jokes or comics have been made of jesus or god ? 
  and what was the reaction ? 
  well the life of brian was banned in plenty of places . 
  i ca n't think of an instance of a cartoon causing violence but the situations are quite different . 
  i mean , on the one hand you have cultural christians making fun of religious christians beliefs , in the other you have cultural christians making fun of religious muslims beliefs . 
  the psychology of being mocked by an outsider is different than by an insider . 
  it is n't hard to fathom , however that even ingroup mockery could have led to violence if there was a concerted effort by politically motivated groups to incite it , which as i mentioned in the first response was the case with illyands posten . 
  the solution is to desensitize through further mockery , ideally by cultural muslims . 
  mockery by outside groups is not very effective , rightly or wrongly , outside criticism it 's easy to brush off with a `` what do they know about x '' . 
  we say march makes you peek out the door , but then you have to burn your shovel and pickaxe . 
  turkey is a plateau at least 500 m above sea level that is surrounded by mountains . 
  resort towns at sea level on the south western coast are not representative of a country over 20 times the size of belgium in land mass . 
  we have places with -20 winters , obviously i do n't live there because why but below zero is n't unheard of in istanbul and 2-5 degree lows is normal for winter which is enough for the toilet seat to be too cold for comfort . 
  the second biggest city , ankara has average lows of -3 in january . 
  also consider that unlike places along the atlantic , turkey is n't warmed by the gulf stream . 
  i mean it even snows in syria , so turkey is n't exactly the desert hellscape people think it is . 
  though we do have one tiny desert around konya that even has proper sand dunes . 
  turkey is big and the climate varies . 
   do you think that european union will last forever you will all be speaking german by then . 
   increased labor mobility via letting people simply move even without working somewhere -- also something that would likely be attached to federalization -- would also potentially address it . 
  this is already the case . 
  that 's because oil prices went up rather than monetary policy . 
  stripped from energy prices it 's still only like 0.8 % if i am not mistaken . 
  the target is typically 2 % . 
  quantative easing is a rather odd way of creating inflation . 
  it gives the new money to entirely the wrong people . 
  inevitably a lot of it ends up bolstering foreign equities rather than european ones . 
  that being said , europeans need to understand that since the euro is a reserve currency now and foreign governments are collecting more and more of it for their foreign currency reserves , you will have to print money at a greater rate than the increase in european population and productivity to stave of deflation . 
  i was making a joke about german toilets , we do n't have those , we have regular ones with the hole positioned under where your anus would be . 
  i 've never understood the splash thing , so you get a drop or two of water on your butt once in a blue moon , so what , it 's just water and you will have to clean your bum anyway . 
  i 've heard you have these because people got worms very often from poor quality diet during wwii , but that 's over now and you should join the rest of the sensible world that has the hole in the correct place ( except for the americans who go the opposite direction and just waste water ) . 
  that being said it was a joke , i am well aware that those things are mostly only found in old buildings and are going the way of the dodo ( as are the wasteful american toilets , at least in california where they have constant water shortages ), 
   first of all , you can clearly see that the cook did n't even blend the pasta with the sauce . 
  he/she simply scooped some sauce onto the pasta i worked in a mediteranean restaurant in germany for a while when i was a student . 
  i served an elderly german lady spaghetti bolognese , she complained for 10 minutes because she thought that not mixing the sauce was the correct way . 
  would have saved me some time if there had been another italian there besides the cook to correct her . 
  that being said , unless its home made or the labels are lying it 's almost certainly durum wheat . 
  i ca n't imagine how a place would go to the effort to make fresh pasta from the wrong type of wheat . 
  jazz , blues , rock and roll , r&b and hip hop beg to disagree . 
   anglican i was under the impression that the pilgrims went to america because the anglicans were n't protestant enough . 
  there are more jews than episcopalians in the us . 
  yeah , being relevant is highly overrated . 
   cirkeltrek does that mean what i think it means ? 
  if so , do fans of star trek call themselves trekkies in the low lands ? 
  next time , just tell him to click the `` formatting help '' link right under the input box . 
  stop lying , belgium is n't real . 
  are n't all beaches topless beaches ?
