  i actually did this once in munich . 
  i was also using two fingers to make a hitler mustache . 
  it totally was a ironic photo . 
  i have no sympathy for nazis . 
  i have partial newish ancestry , i just thought it would make a funny photo . 
  it would have sucked to be beaten up for it . 
  it was a joke . 
  i like it , let 's make it happen . 
  sorry , switzerland , austria , the balkans , the baltics , micro states and portugal , you should have been more memorable . 
  i do n't think it can be called the netherlands if it 's any more than 322.4 m above sea level . 
  it 's been 600 years . 
  i 'm pretty sure we own the place now . 
  vienna was a fools errand , we should have just built a bunch of galleys landed our troops in calabria . 
  then we could use the defensive bonuses of the hills along with our naval superiority to block enemy movements while we siege down the fort in messina . 
  i 'd like to see the hussars perform in the neapolitan sun . 
  even if france intervened against us , with our resources properly deployed we could have easily wrestled the western mediterranean islands away from aragon . 
  then we would colonize the americas and cause massive inflation in anatolia with aztec and inca gold . 
  at least thats what i always do in eu4 . 
  you 're right , i should have said independent theater or whatever . 
  i guess the point i was trying to make is that you are n't that likely to encounter it at the mall and will have to go a bit out of your way to see a french or italian film and really it 's the same at least in germany and here . 
  kind of missed an opportunity not having it be czechoslovakia . 
  also if the czech republic is looking for a name why not call itself czechoslovakia . 
  not in the sense that they make any claim on slovakia but just like they are the czech part of slovakia . 
  that way i wont be wrong anymore when i forget and say czechoslocakia instead of czech republic or czechia . 
  alternatively , they could rename the country czechoslovenia just to confuse everybody . 
   the average european does actually . 
  i mean look at movies like hot fuzz , mustang and intouchables . 
  i do n't think hot fuzz counts , it 's in english and plenty of americans have seen it . 
  but what makes you think you are average ? 
  if you look at [ last weeks box office receipts in france ] ( http://www.boxofficemojo.com/intl/france/?yr=2017&amp;wk=31&amp;p=.htm ) you will see that the best selling 7 films are from the anglosphere , the 8th in french and you have to go all the way down to number 16 to get something in spanish . 
  [ the germans ] ( http://www.boxofficemojo.com/intl/germany/?yr=2017&amp;wk=31&amp;p=.htm ) watched more of their own stuff last weekend , but they did n't watch any non english foreign language films at all . 
  the average european just watches hollywood and some local stuff . 
  america is not different , it 's just that hollywood is the local stuff . 
  of course in big cities like new york , chicago , san fransisco , los angeles , etc. . you will find theaters that only show foreign language films with subtitles . 
  you might also find such theaters in smaller towns that have important universities . 
  but the average working stiff does n't want to spend his hard earned recreational time reading subtitles and missing the action on the screen . 
  this is why the people in the suburbs of paris and the vast majority of germans prefer dubbing . 
  it just is n't as fun and relaxing to read subtitles as it is to watch a film in a language you understand . 
  now since the hollywood is the local stuff in the us , there really is n't much money to be made in the dubbing industry , what exactly would they dub ? 
  it 's mostly just kung fu movies and really popular classic foreign films that get dubbed eventually . 
   also most of them do n't seem to speak a lot of foreign languages . 
  this is more or less true . 
   from an experience point of view : most americans i 've met in my life are not interested in foreign movies . 
  the market for english films is much bigger than for any other european language . 
  this means that if you have the skills required to make a movie , you will make more money if you make it in english . 
  as a result the majority of money and talent ends up in hollywood . 
  the result is that the vast majority of foreign language films viewed by europeans are in fact american . 
  not only that 65 % of all movies watched in europe are american . 
  why would you expect the average american to watch the low budget dramas and comedies that europe produces when the average european does n't ? 
  if an exceptional film is produced by europeans , it is watched by other europeans as well as americans . 
  it does n't happen that often given how fractured the markets are . 
  otherwise people watch films in their own language and american films . 
  saying you watch foreign films is really usually just virtue signaling . 
  most people have watched maybe three or four films that are n't in their native language or english but then they pretend they do it all the time . 
  it 's only a small minority wherever you go who does so regularly . 
   do the us have theaters that shown foreign movies undubbed ? 
  it 's a country of 320 million people that occupies a third of a continent and contains at least half a dozen world class cities . 
  what do you think ? 
  do you honestly think that there is even the slightest chance there are n't foreign language theaters in new york or san fransisco ? 
  well if you make more than $ 35k then you are the 1 % globally by income . 
  you need about $ 800k in net worth to qualify in terms of accumulated wealth . 
  i think half of all western and northern europeans qualify for the first . 
  the second is more difficult though , most people own only their home , their car and not many homes are 700k . 
  savage, 
  this is of course if you are talking about movable type . 
  it 's not at all clear who invented wood block printing , though the chinese are the strongest candidate for this too . 
  but stamps and seals have been around forever . 
  really , i think , it would have been invented anywhere where the literacy rate was high enough to create a sufficient demand for books . 
  from an army with a state to a company with a state , eh ? 
  or just a bit of wood . 
  i thought the queen was german . 
   people joke the biggest kurdish city on earth is istanbul it 's not really a joke . 
  obviously it 's not a kurdish city since they are n't a majority but the city is big and a low ball estimate of 10 % would put them at 1.5 million , which is more than the population of any majority kurdish city . 
  am i even european ? 
  / grabs popcorn , hides in bushes . 
  come on , man . 
  i 've had a rough night and i really hate the eagles . 
  oh yeah , that is true . 
  also often the sycophants will have an area cleared before a dear leader or other high level functionary who actually thinks this sort of shit works shows up . 
   some countries ban satellite devices for this reason yes but this is really hard to enforce . 
  saddam did it , iran still does it , but still the vast majority of people have satellite dishes . 
  it 's a form of prohibition , it does n't work . 
  there are n't enough rooms in prison . 
  it just creates more corruption . 
  currently satellite internet is pretty expensive compared to a land line . 
  if spacex or some other company can bring down launch costs , then we might see increased competition and lower prices . 
  i thought trickle down economics was an american thing . 
   but we also have a flag !, 
  but do you have a four dimensional hyperfleg ? 
  i do n't know how she would have done at the job , but she was an absolute trainwreck of a campaigner . 
  the media hyped her debating skills but she basically just conceded the nafta point . 
  and keeping bill away from the campaign ? 
  why ? 
  he was an excelent campaigner , a lot of people liked him and the ones that did n't were n't going to vote for her anyway . 
  it did n't hurt obama at all when he showed up for him . 
  did she forget that us elections are about exciting the base and getting a better turnout ? 
  it 's almost as if she did n't want to win . 
  at that size it looks a lot like an upside down bosnian flag . 
  now i assume it was a tk tr type mixup . 
  not even just muslims .
