  amsterdam to copenhagen is a 9 hour drive . 
  that 's like boston to pittsburgh . 
  would you have not considered giving your friend a call if he lived in pittsburgh and you were going to be in boston ? 
  i think it 's not entirely unreasonable , depending on the closeness of the relationship and given that an oceans being crossed , to meet up halfway in hamburg or nyc . 
  [ i 'm a highly desirable private residence in an area of outstanding property values ] ( https://youtu.be/vszghxb4caa?t=1m8s ), 
  i did n't mean why do n't you fill the entire north sea , i meant why not throw rocks into the water until its full instead of walling off an area and pumping the water out . 
  i guess the answer has something to do with where you would get enough rocks and relative expense . 
  though you must have done some amount of it . 
  i was kind of hoping to know what the dutch do with their rubble , wheter the land has actually risen any as buildings are torn down , the rubble burried and new concrete imported . 
  whenever a building gets torn down here , typically the steel will be recycled but the concrete will just get chucked into the sea to make coastal roadways . 
  while the dutch are the most well known for land reclamation , they are hardly the only ones to do it . 
  most of the chinese coastline is artificial , half of mumbai was under water a couple hundred years ago , but the polder method seems to be used mainly by the dutch . 
  everyone else pretty much just throws rocks into the water . 
  incidentally , if you tried to pump out the north sea like in / u/laoba 's post , the water has to go somewhere , so it would n't just be a problem for that ecosystem . 
  i thought you guys were n't in europe anymore, 
  i assume you also have to be constantly running pumps to prevent rain from collecting . 
  since you mentioned the north sea being very shallow , why not fill it in instead ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's how pretty much everybody else does it . 
  was it the hatred of the spanish that caused the hatred of the pope , or the hatred of the pope that caused the hatred of the spanish ? 
  i actually looked it up after making that comment . 
  i do n't think resellers should count and in the [ list i checked ] ( https://clients.txtnation.com/hc/en-us/articles/218714228-all-countries-list-of-mobile-operators-by-country-slow-loading - ) they were separated . 
  5 or even 6 operators were not as rare as i thought , but 3-4 is definitely the norm . 
  according to this list , finland has only 3 primary operators . 
  which sort of proves the point i 'm trying to make : whatever corelation exists between the number of operators in a country and price of service there , it is pretty diminished after you get your third operator . 
  therefore the discrepancies in price must be explained some other way . 
  the competitiveness of a market can not be determined by the number of competitors alone , the legislation in the country regulating competition and the sector as well respective market shares and financial structure of the individual companies are factors that can effect competitiveness of the market . 
  there are probably others that have n't occurred to me . 
  of course this is all based on the data from the link and people in this post have demonstrated that it is n't very reliable . 
  despite shaky data , i do n't expect that my analysis is off by much . 
  there must be diminishing returns for the consumer as more and more competitors enter the market . 
  and the sweet spot is between 3 and 4 . 
  furthermore as the number of competitors grow , at some point the market will become too saturated for any new companies to want to enter it . 
  a large market like india can handle quite a few more competitors than a small one like belgium . 
   we have like three serious providers here i do n't think there are that many countries that have more than 3 operators tbh . 
  more than 4 is probably really rare . 
  so i doubt it 's actually because of the number of countries you have . 
   you refferendum to earthquakes you hold referendums for earthquakes ? 
  i guess it is to be expected , birthplace of democracy and all , but i think that 's taking it a bit far . 
  do you cast your ballots into a volcano ? 
  i ca n't really argue with that . 
  i 've read also that looking for networks can cause a lot of issue , perhaps the phones you have were checking too often for networks , or perhaps the signal was too intermittent and it was disconnecting a lot . 
  i was just surprised . 
  btw if you care about battery life , but do n't care too much about how great your camera is , i would recomend a lenovo p2 or an asus zenfone max . 
  these both have about ~ 5000mah batteries , which is somewhere between double and 50 % more battery than most other phones . 
  i have the p2 and can play gta on it for 10 hours , or use it like a normal person for like 2-3 days before it runs out of juice . 
  realistically , i 'm still charging it every day , but it 's nice not to have to actually worry about saving the battery . 
  it 's heavier than my previous phone , but i 'm very happy with it . 
  shit 's also powerful , which is true of any similarly priced phone you would buy now . 
  it 's amazing to me that you can buy a phone that has basically the same specs as the middle range gaming laptop i bought in 2010 , for a third of the price , in a much smaller form factor and it manages to run much cooler with only passive cooling . 
  really makes you wonder how superior arm architecture is to x64 . 
  people i know that have the zenfone are super happy with it too , hopefully more manufacturers start making phones with extra large batteries , frankly i do n't understand why there are even phones on the market with less than 4ah , having to manage your battery sucks . 
   i never use wi-fi to prevent needless battery drain . 
  umm , generally speaking wifi should require less power than data . 
  it does of course depend , perhaps if your router is shit and the cellphone tower is close and within the line of sight and you get assigned a sufficiently low frequency and your router is set to the highest frequency i can see data consuming less power , but generally speaking it should be the other way around because of the distance the signal is expected to go . 
  the way i see a coat of arms on a flag is like the numbers you put at the end of a username when the one without numbers is taken . 
  well i do n't know about your country , but in the languages i know it 's called the ground floor or the surface floor or the earth floor not zero . 
  so it 's two melons and a banana , not three melons . 
  the ground floor is different , it does n't have to be suspended , it 's the ground . 
  but having a public discussion after a every terror attack causes knee jerk reactions . 
  if someone has a new idea on how to prevent terror they should n't wait till the next attack to express it and the authorities should n't wait until the next attack to listen . 
  conversely if no one has anything new to say , why have the same discussion over and over again ? 
  governments , particularly the intelligence service do need to be vigilant , but expecting private citizens to be vigilant is more likely to empower racists than solve anything . 
  it also increases the terror felt by the public , the very point of these attacks . 
  frankly whenever i hear a politician saying that the public needs to be vigilant , i think they want to scare me into being willing to shell out more for the military and police or go along with more intrusive invasions of my privacy . 
  could it not be argued that treating terror attacks like car accidents disempowers terrorists ? 
  is n't the whole point of committing an act of terror to get people to pay attention to a cause ? 
  perhaps if people did treat them like sad but mundane occurrences they would n't happen as often . 
  what positive result does our current reactions even accomplish ? 
  so do we . 
  that picture looks like merkel is doing an italian impression in front of a mexican flag for some reason . 
  `` hey , enrique , hey , hey , enrique , look i 'm mario draghi : ` spaghetti bolognese ' '' . 
  it 's not really left leaning , i think it 's mostly center right , but european center right . 
  you should see the consulate in [ istanbul ] ( https://www.google.com.tr/search?q=us+consulate+in+istanbul&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjvgma10p_uahvcb5okhu2kc1gq_auicigb&amp;biw=1376&amp;bih=707#imgrc=tcwotfsrxoyspm: ), 
   but rather to give women a platform from which they can train and progress to the point where some of them might be able to join the actual special forces . 
  i am all for women in the military but this is the dumbest place to put them . 
  sure some women might be able to hack it and they should n't be excluded but really there are combat roles where women would actually have an advantage like pilots . 
  if you design a plane around the smaller and lighter pilot you can either armor the plane better , or make it smaller and therefore harder to hit , or put more fuel in it , or pack more ammo on it , or some combination of those . 
  you would have a similar situation in tanks , though the weight savings are pretty irrelevant in that case it 's all about saving a few cubic feet of volume , which can be used to store more ammo or fuel . 
  probably not worth a redesign but it makes sense to put more women in existing tanks because they would be less uncomfortable in them . 
  but special forces or any unit that is expected to travel long distances on foot is where physical strength matters the most . 
  you want these troops to carry as much ammo and equipment as possible . 
  the majority of women will not do as well in these roles as the majority of men . 
  i would also not want the vast majority of women behind a rapid fire gun with a lot of recoil . 
  women wont make the best mg crews . 
  but they will make good snipers . 
  she might occasionally have an advantage by being able to hide in a spot a male sniper would not fit in . 
  i think most of the military establishments in the world are not at all interested in having women in actual combat roles and thus their inclusion is purely as window dressing to appear progressive . 
  if they were serious about integrating women these kinds of things would be discussed instead of this absolutist bullshit dichotomy where women are either never as good as men and that they might be better in any regard is n't even a consideration or they just as good as men in every regard and to say that they might not be as good in certain tasks is taboo . 
  no it means land of hindus . 
  the stan ending is persian . 
  both with turkey and india , the name of the country is older than the name of the bird since they come from south america and were only introduced into europe after colombus . 
  so the bird was named after the country not the other way around . 
  why people were so ignorant back then , i do n't know . 
  we got away pretty lucky . 
   if some kind of economic revolutionary event happens like what ? 
   and the world decides that currency needs to be backed by a commodity again nothing prevents people from using gold and silver certificates as a medium exchange instead of fiat currency . 
  they still exist . 
  you can get them from your bank . 
  people do n't do it because it 's inconvenient as the value of precious metals relative to other commodities is nowhere near as stable as that of fiat currencies . 
  at the end of the day since you can eat neither paper money or silver you are relying on peoples belief that those things have value .
