  these are not the wikileaks emails . 
  those were pretty worthless . 
  it 's a marxist leninist group that did this hack . 
  the chp has 11 million voters but 1 million members . 
  people do n't pay dues , do n't participate in the party process ( the chp even has primaries beyond the delegate system ) and then complain that the party is shit . 
  the akp has 8 million members in comparison . 
  i doubt very many of them pay dues . 
  most of them probably get something out of their membership , like a government job . 
  the opposition voters need to organize themselves and participate more in the political process , voting once every 3-4 years is not enough . 
  the chp needs a patronage system like the akp if it is going to grow , and it ca n't compete with just the treasury assistance . 
  keep in mind the maximum legal donation is a 120 liras a year ( about 40 usd ) so that means at most 40 million dollars a year from membership . 
  for the akp i doubt membership dues , or any legal source is a significant part of their budget . 
  for mhp and especially the hdp membership dues are critical . 
  they did n't fail , the president gave the job to davuto\u011flu . 
  davuto\u011flu held talks and played for time and did not form a coalition with anyone . 
  the president then called for new elections , breaking with the precedent of giving the job of forming a government to the 2 . largest party . 
   then plow and salt all of the earth to make sure that nothing ever grew again that is bullshit . 
  there is no evidence to support it , other than that often repeated quote . 
  the amount of salt you need would have been immense , and remember salt was expensive back then , the word salary is derived from salt . 
  carthage is within the city of tunis , tunisia . 
  so it 's still there too , whatever damage they did , was not permanent . 
   baader meinhof phenomenon what is that ? 
  here is a question i 'm curious about . 
  how many greek politicians/civil cervant and intl. 
  bankers have gone to jail for bringing greece into the eurozone even though it should not have qualified ? 
  should n't the daily mail and fox news be on that list ? 
  it 's not that their conservative , thats fine , i like die zeit for example . 
  but those two barely have any content that is original , and the ones that are original are usually clickbaity nonse . 
  i 'm sure there are plenty of others . 
  still i feel like these should be postable if there are no reputable sources covering it but require a special flare to indicate shitty source . 
  here here . 
  obviously , i just saw an opportunity to make a potato famine joke . 
  so he had a terminal potato deficiency is that correct ? 
  i think he means qatar . 
  damn it the comment is deleted , know i do n't know what stereotype to be amused by . 
  interesting tidbit , in addition to the regular stans , in turkish , bulgaria , serbia , greece , hungary , croatia , india and saudi arabia are also stans . 
  not real ~ ~ scottsman ~ ~ ~ ~ islam ~ ~ christianity, 
  i really wonder sometimes what this mysterious concept of europe is . 
  other than christianity , i do n't see what spaniards and norwegians , or british and hungarians or the swiss and polish have in common . 
  say what you mean instead of this dog whistle bullshit . 
  that sub gave me cancer, 
  yeah , a friend from ukraine told me that they have centralized hot water from the nuclear power station . 
  they do have great food . 
  we really do n't . 
  it 's like 32 % of gdp compared to your 176 % . 
  but if it makes you feel any better we are still poorer than you on average and our bonds were downgraded to junk recently . 
  the flair button is under the subscribe button under the map . 
  says the flairless greek . 
  are you trying to hide from your debts ? 
  i think this guy might be working for the mexican tourist board , 
  i do n't know if you downvoted me , but it was a joke , based on the predjudice that catholics have too many kids . 
  i though it fit . 
  found the catholic, 
  does taco bell count ? 
  i have very little knowledge about uk politics . 
  but i would n't be at all surprised if the majority of people saying labour is unelectable now are people who would never even consider voting labour , regardless of who leads it . 
   of course , everyone here is deathly afraid of earthquakes and the way they 're reported on is a large part of it . 
  one guy apparently panicked and jumped through his window , good thing he was on the 1st floor . . 
  there have been a couple of cases of this too . 
  one guy who jumped out of the window was the only person to die in that earthquake . 
  another time a cop jumped out of his window and was injured . 
  proper earthquake safety education is a must . 
  the easiest way to get injured is to have something fall on you , so do n't put anything heavy or sharp up high if you live in an earthquake zone . 
  we are already in it , there are two proxy wars being waged , one in ukraine , the other in syria . 
  just like the good old days :(, 
   derivatives ~ ~ business ~ ~ pyramid scheme ftfy, 
   conservative liberal party wut ? 
  his english is fine though . 
  i mean he missed a preposition here and there and made a few spelling errors , but i had no difficulty understanding what he wrote . 
  perhaps it is you who does n't speak english well enough . 
   nah , turkey is doing both i actually do n't think we are really bombing the pyd at all , we mainly just shell empty fields to satiate public opinion in turkey . 
  what i find even more ridiculous is how easily people believe that we would actually shift alliances from usa to russia . 
  that is not going to happen either . 
  erdo\u011fan might threaten obama with this to gain some concessions but he would n't actually go through with it as it will result in the us actually arming the pkk in reality and not just in the fantasy world that the majority of my countrymen seem to be living in . 
  i do n't mean trevor noah but the sikh guy in the interview . 
  he makes basically the same point i made , but about sikhs and muslims rather than finns and poles . 
  i probably should have linked with a time stamp . 
  i think trevors ok on the daily show though . 
  to be fair i hardly ever watch it anymore though . 
  still a much better replacement than whatshisname is for colbert . 
  doug stanhope is great , for some reason i keep thinking he is dead though . 
   conservative parties how often have you ever seen anyone in turkey ( or anywhere for that matter ) admit that they were wrong , let alone conservatives . 
  let 's give erdo\u011fan some credit ; his , `` we were tricked , '' rhethoric is groundbreaking . 
  what ? 
  no , if wales leaves you will have even more of a vowel surplus than if only bosnia joins . 
  maybe bosnia should join wales instead of the eu . 
  whatever point you were trying to make is completely obscured by your overly sarcastic tone . 
  i expect the person who you replied to has no idea what you 're on about either . 
  a table for 4 but only 2 beers ? 
  i do n't see how the barkeep is gon na be impressed by a bunch of teetotalers . 
  i do n't know man , i think the correct thing to do is to shout abuse at them while allowing them to continue thinking you are polish . 
  saying you 're finnish sounds like you are saying , `` i do n't mind your racism against polish people , but you have the wrong guy '' . 
  this guy has the right idea : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rskvzgc_s9g, 
  you ca n't eat money . 
  it has to be backed by production . 
  you ca n't save money now and pray that people will take your paper in the future even though you are n't producing enough because of a decline in working age population . 
  you need direct investment , real tangible assets owned , otherwise a rude awakening awaits germans when the real crisis hits and all those euros they saved are not worth nearly as much as they thought . 
  what will you say when your child asks : why did n't you invest in eastern poland ? 
  i had very little problem finding real bread at the local safeway in santa cruz . 
  maybe it 's different in bumfuck , idaho .
