  how great they must feel now that their daughter has been beaten by mr. boaty mc boatface . 
  i guess it 's some consolation that she was n't beaten by hitler did nothing wrong . 
  some people have no sense or reason and i bet they thought they were actually helping someone and felt all warm and fuzzy inside . 
  shallow bastards . 
  yeah my bad i got them mixed up with liechtenstein . 
  did n't switzerland accidentally invade luxembourg a while ago ? 
  it 's not like the dutch need to protect against an invasion at all . 
  i do n't think it 's foreigners as much as owners of kebab shops in europe . 
  though the reheated abominations they serve do n't deserve to be called lahmacun either . 
  pide is the real turkish pizza . 
  pide is probably not that different than what have been served as pizza in italy prior to the arrival of tomatoes from the new world , with the exception of the lack of pork as a toping . 
  are you guys about to balkanize over pizza ? 
  there is precedent at the echr against those laws . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/perin%c3%a7ek_v._switzerland interesting would be if b\u00f6hmermann also takes his case to echr, 
  if that is correct i expect this is partly because some fake being a russlanddeutsche . 
  why overstay a visa and work illegally when you can get bribe some record keeper in russia and get german citizenship ? 
  there might be other reasons . 
  but russian and turkish gdp per capita and wealth distribution is pretty much the same . 
  they might have met of the expectations if they had n't declared war on and taunted pretty much every nation on the earth . 
  why even fuck with japan when you do n't have a border and they have no muslims ? 
  there are tons of muslims in russia , and i understand why they would would have to adopt an agressive stance against them , to entice recruits , but japan ? 
  on the one hand i read some pretty convincing pieces about how they had a lot of the baath party guys with them , but the baath party was a rational actor , this seems more like an apocalyptic cult type situation . 
  i do n't see why the emirates would descend into chaos and yemen is already in chaos . 
  since you 've excluded oman , all that 's left is saudi arabia itself . 
  in fact , yemen might calm down as the iranian side would probably win if saudi arabia fell into disarray and started fighting itself . 
  though i do n't see the saud family losing control unless the us imposes or tacitly approves an iranian blockade . 
  all the oil is in najd , where the saud family is from . 
  even if they have to retreat from hejaz ( the holy parts ) , i expect they would take it back rather quickly . 
  and this is all purely academic , i do n't think even bernie would try to change us policy with regards to sa . 
  are you simple ? 
  are you incapable of understanding that an effect might have more than one cause ? 
  i certainly believe that racial discrimination plays a part in causing crime , i 've observed the connection in other countries not just the united states . 
  but i 've made it clear enough that i think poverty is the biggest predictor of crime . 
  if you are going to try and erect straw men to shake your head at instead of making an attempt at understanding what i have said , i see no more value in discussing the issue with you . 
  i 've spent a few years in california , a few months in new york and a few years of my childhood in tennessee if you must know . 
  i 've also lived in germany and turkey , visited france , holland , england . 
  my impression was that crime was committed more openly in the united states and there were more hotspots in urban areas . 
  also there are more homeless people in america than in western europe . 
  even in my home town of istanbul you saw less homeless then i 've seen in major us cities until the syrian refugees started coming in . 
  and the homeless situation here now is comparable to what i saw when i visited the states after the recession . 
  my personal experience does have limited value though as does yours or anyone elses . 
  i definately do n't base my opinion solely on personal experience . 
  i find statistics to be more telling . 
  overall i think your problem is caused by a large number of factors but the drug wars in south americas are a red herring . 
  it has more to do with poverty and racial discrimination as i outlined in another post in this thread . 
  yes a lot of innocent people are taking plea deals and there is more corruption in your police force than you might think . 
  there might also be too much pressure to fill quotas from your elected officials . 
  electing prosecutors and judges is also not the best idea , most european countries do not do this . 
  your income distribution is way too top heavy too . 
  you have the fourth worst gini coefficient of all the oecd countries , barely beating my shitty country and the other two are chile and mexico , the only south american countries in the oecd . 
  so i expect your crime rate has mostly to do with that . 
  i actually think it has nothing to do with your gun laws . 
  though i think it 's silly that you have them in your constitution . 
  it depends on where you live . 
  that happened to me in downtown santa cruz in ca . 
  parts of san francisco are sketchy too . 
  los angeles is a shit hole . 
  there is nothing comparable to la anywhere in europe . 
  and it 's not like europe does n't have minority communities , those exist , and they have higher crime rates . 
  but it 's not as bad as some of the stuff i saw in california . 
  to me it seems like it 's mostly just shitty police work . 
  maybe cops spend too much time harassing innocent minorities than setting up surveillance on known hot spots . 
  i mean a lot of shit goes on out in the open , that was what was most shocking for me . 
  it should n't be too hard to stop most of it . 
  if nothing else it will become less visible , which is still a big improvement . 
  convenient scapegoat you have there buddy , but you have had consistently 2-3 times more homicides than israel and romania , two countries bordering failed states . 
  sure the us is not africa , but you have a problem and blaming your problem on mexico is just a form of denial . 
  but seriously you guys do have a crime problem . 
  obviously it depends on where you go , but the usa is the only country where i 've been actively solicited on the street to buy heroin . 
  it 's not just the us either , there is ridiculous crime compared to gdp/capita everywhere in the americas except canada . 
  * bulgaria : cheap cigarettes and booze i guess . 
  * greece : great food , music and beaches * syria : relatively secular , not isis * isis : cheap oil * kurdistan : cheap oil , relatively secular * iran : ancient culture , your theocracy is n't as disgusting as isis or saudi arabia . 
  * azerbaijan : we can understand your language * armenia : your food is even better than the greeks and you have nice looking monastaries . 
  * georgia : you are a reliable ally , defying russia takes balls . 
  the distribution of haplogroups in turkey is closer to armenia than greece but overall it 's pretty much an average of her neighbors . 
  to say that the gene pool is 10 % central asian is an overreaching conclusion based on specific haplogroups found commonly in central asia and mongolia but rare elsewhere . 
  these are n't the however even the most dominant haplogroup among native central asians except for mongolians and kazakhs . 
  i think this map explains it better than i can : https://dnaexplained.files.wordpress.com/2013/01/haplogroups-of-the-world-y.png do n't misunderstand me i 'm not saying that turks are all from central asia , they are not . 
  nor am i saying that a majority of turks are from central asia . 
  i 'm saying it is n't clear cut and that any such percentage is either poor science or has a huge margin of error due to the diversity of central asian populations themselves . 
  beyond that is the fact that your grandchild might get 0 % of it 's genetics from you . 
  it 's a rather low probability ( lower than winning the lottery ) , but it exists and goes up with the number of generations . 
  so ultimately your y chromosome or mithocondrial dna can show that you are central asian , but then all the rest of your dna is from your other ancestors . 
  it 's real piss . 
  why the hell do we hate brazil ? 
  you realize that not all of us are muslims right ? 
  nah , it 's way more complicated than that . 
  a lot of slavic and caucasian muslims were forced to move to anatolia after the balkan and russo-turkish wars and most of the greek speaking population of anatolia were native anatolians who were hellenized over the millennia of greek and roman domination . 
  what complicates things further is that central asian turks themselves are a pretty diverse group . 
  just because a person does n't have an epicantic fold or pronounced cheekbones does n't mean they are n't from the eurasian steppe . 
  it is fair to say that some of the ancestors of many modern turks would have called themselves greek at some point in history . 
  wrong thread, 
  only one king allowed in the holy roman empire ( bohemia ) . 
  austria called itself an archduchy , and the prussian monarch was a king but only in the eastern parts of his realm that were n't a part of the hre until germany was unified . 
  so most of the monarchs in the hre were dukes or princes , though there were republics in the hre too . 
  i imagine all the aristocratic titles in the german empire were continuations of the monarchies in the german parts of the hre . 
  are n't ossetians the ones who russia gave passports to in order to justify their invasion of georgia ? 
  after wwi constantinople was occupied by allied forces , mainly the british . 
  but having been throught the meat grinder your people were weary of war and you let the more motivated greeks do all the fighting against the insurgency . 
  when the greeks lost , your leaders signed a treaty with the new government in ankara that was more favorable to turkey than the one you had signed with the sultan .
