  i went to bulgaria a few years back and saw some of the old commie blocks . 
  perfectly acceptable from the inside but i found it astonishing that they would n't even paint that shit , let alone put insulation on the building , just naked grey , coal stained concrete , both ugly and uneconomical . 
  ffs we insulate our buildings here and does n't even get that cold in the winter . 
  why must you germans dub everything ? 
  unless it 's a children 's flick , i see no reason to dub movies . 
  i can read fine . 
   self-segregation i do n't think this is exactly self segregation , though i 'm sure that plays a part too , but the fact that people are reluctant to rent to minorities in non minority neighborhoods lest their property values fall . 
  i always found it much more difficult to find a flat in germany , than my german friends . 
  you know , many heroin addicts start after they get an injury and get prescribed opiates for the pain . 
  so it is even more of a medical issue with heroin than with other drugs . 
   responsible ~ ~ of ~ ~ for, 
   i get extremely cranky after a couple of hours of not eating already ( low blood sugar i think ) . 
  low blood sugar will make you more than just cranky , your hands will become shaky and you will be unable to concentrate , it 's very very uncomfortable and life threatening . 
  but , after the first few hours you wont feel hungry at all , you might feel like you have an empty stomach , but not hungry . 
  you will also have plenty of energy , and you wont get low blood sugar because your body will have switched to converting your fat into sugar . 
  so it 's not that hard to go for a few days without any calorie intake once you have gotten over the first few hours . 
  however , if you go for too long without eating your body will get depleted of some vitamins and minerals , which can cause problems like scurvy and anemia, 
  haha , you 're old !, 
  i wonder if kurdish nationalists are more pleased by the fact that southeastern turkey is n't colored in for turkish or more annoyed that they were left out . 
   nobody gives a shit about the philippines strategically i would n't be so sure about that . 
  it 's assault , a criminal act , refugees have rights too and the state is responsible of bringing charges even if the victim does n't want to in many countries . 
  do n't know about hungary , but i suppose this is the case . 
  i also doubt her career is ruined . 
  i 'm sure there are plenty of racist outlets who would hire her because of this incident . 
  lol trying to imagine the crimean congo . 
  why ? 
  we 've been fabricating a claim since at least 2013 , remember the audio tapes ? 
  oh please , h\u00fcrriyet is trash . 
  ayd\u0131n do\u011fan is the turkish rupert murdoch the man has no principles , just interests and his media coverage reflects those interests , not that of the public . 
  recently half the headlines are the same as ensonhaber . 
  though to be fair , there are some critical headlines and comentaries , but it 's in no way better than most european media channels , its basically the bild zeitung of turkey . 
  actually , since the orbits of most things in the solar system are roughly on a plane , and because an object moving perpendicular to the earths orbit has a shorter encounter window for the earths gravity to pull it in than something coming a little faster from behind or a little slower from ahead of the earths trajectory , the ones that hit will probably be coming at the earth from one of two directions . 
  if the earths axis of rotation was n't tilted you would expect the vast majority of meteors to hit the equator . 
  but since the earth is tilted in its rotation around itself compared to its orbit around the sun there is a range of latitudes an asteroid is much more likely to hit , depending on what time of the year it is . 
  so if it 's the same time of year give or take a week and the same time of day give or take a few minutes , it will most likely land at the same place . 
  in reality something has probably been on a trajectory to hit it multiple times but was too small and burned up in the atmosphere . 
  there is already demand for more runways . 
  it 's quite common for aircraft to be delayed in istanbul because of air traffic currently . 
  whether there is as much demand for 6 is another question , but they are planning on turning ataturk airport into a cargo only airport so you lose 3 runways for passenger traffic there . 
  it 's extra stupid because they are both banning men and requiring burkinis . 
  a turkish company invented the burkini in 1980 , and they are known here by the name of that company , ha\u015fema . 
  i believe it stands for hakiki \u015feriat mayosu meaning true sharia baithing suit . 
  it was intended so that women could bathe together with men , instead of going to womens only beaches . 
  i 'm pretty laisez faire about it , but i 've always found it ridiculous , this particular party is even more ridiculous . 
  they have taken sexual repression to the next level . 
   295,000 on welfare many of these people also have a job where they get paid under the table . 
  those numbers would drop pretty quick if there were better inspections . 
  this guy is actually making a `` political speech '' in turkish : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0tqrdd_gagw, 
  yeah it was kind of unclear what you meant . 
  but i think my comment still kind of answers it . 
  i do n't think that the audience that this is intended for would have noticed that . 
   what could the weather cheat mean ? 
  it changes the ingame weather  when you finish university 70 % akp voters have n't finished high school let alone university . 
  this is the target audience . 
  so i fail to see what university has to do with the subject at hand . 
  there are actually places in turkey where only dialup ( and probably gprs or 3g ) are available . 
  they are rare , and all rural backwaters , but they do exist . 
  believe it or not , it 's also pretty common in the us . 
  sometimes population density is just not enough to make the investment in infrastructure profitable in any reasonable amount of time , so unless the government steps in to cover the cost , either directly or through subsidy , it does n't happen . 
  i 'm not saying that 's the case with wherever the cheat codes were found though . 
  you just have to survive the day time , you can eat at night . 
  not being able to heal half the day would actually make for an interesting mechanic . 
  same tv channel . 
  i was expecting the beatles song . 
   a normal person would go back home a normal person would leave the airport and experience a bit of china since he already paid for the trip . 
  if they are so kemalist why did they cancel the victory day celebrations ? 
   1980 that one was n't secular either . 
  kenan evren instituted mandatory religion classes in school , increased the number of seminary schools and enabled the gulen movement in the first place . 
  i also kind of hate mobile users for posting mobile links . 
  but i hate websites that do n't detect that i am on a hd screen and show me the actual website instead of the mobile version . 
  i mean it 's only two lines of code people , you do it when it 's the other way around . 
  who ? 
  putin or the author ? 
  no one is blaming capitalism itself . 
  the transition was horribly mishandled in russia , and also in eastern germany . 
  in the case of russia , the blame can be put at least partly on the reagan administration . 
  this is not exactly true , sunni muslims in turkey often visit christian monasteries and other religious sites ( graves of saints ) if they think it will provide healing or help them find a wife/husband . 
  it 's not sanctioned by any sunni scholar with any credibility but superstition often trumps doctrine . 
  how would you feel if someone was talking about partitioning your country ? 
  ah yes , did n't hitler have some kind of problem with this too ? 
  if i were you i would start replacing your rail with the european standard . 
  especially if trump wins . 
  make it slightly harder for russia to invade . 
  not that it will stop them , but hey , at least they will be inconvenienced . 
   we just follow orders . 
  this defense did n't work at nuremberg and it does n't work on reddit either . 
  come to the dark side , mother russia will give you all the rail you need , 
   hungary vampires til vampires are actually hungarians . 
  but why carry it all the way back to romania ? 
  ca n't they just unload it in spain ? 
  cash is much easier to transport than garlic . 
  i actually prefer greek mousakka to our musakka . 
  bechamel sauce is a pretty good addition . 
  i was making a joke , i never expected it to spark a huge debate . 
  i would have thought `` borkistan '' is a big clue . 
  it does n't actually bother me that scandinavia is n't one country . 
  but i ca n't help but remark that low population density has drawbacks . 
  there is a reason rural communities are more conservative than urban ones . 
  there are huge economies of scale available to large cities . 
  you ca n't build an opera , library and university in every little village .
