even though people downvoted you for this , there are some people who have voiced this opinion on social media . 
  it is n't very serious though . 
  the reality is that a federal system would probably solve a lot of the problems . 
  eh , it 's mostly talk here too . 
  the transport ministers son was recently filmed gambling ( sin in islam ) , then you have [ this ] ( https://www.google.com.tr/search?q=%c3%bcst%c3%bc+minare+alti+kerhane&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjoz-sls67mahuc6x4khbwmclaq_auibygb&amp;biw=1097&amp;bih=555 ) . 
  the most troubling aspect is the changes they have made to the education system , but that can easily backfire . 
  there 's a catholic church grade pedophilia scandal right now at a religious boarding house . 
  that hashtag kind of proves my point , most of the comments are pro secular . 
  you ca n't judge the popularity of an opinion by the ( temporary ) popularity of a hashtag anyway . 
  a survey by metropol shows half of akp voters and 75 % of the total population want the state to remain secular ( though i would argue it has n't been really secular since the 1980 coup ) . 
  pew survey shows that only 12 % want sharia ( and that half of that 12 % do n't understand what that would mean , for example they want sharia but do n't want religious civil courts ), 
  they 've had to backpedal . 
  there is n't much support for this , not even among akp supporters . 
  it 's weird that your king gets to decide this . 
  do n't most constitutional monarchies transfer this power to an elected representative ? 
  still quite a challenge to one tag with france or otto if you ask me , though it does get a bit tedious . 
  austria on the other hand is pure tedium and to me brandenburg is essentially the same as austria , i just ca n't fathom why an elector would n't go the hre route and it just turns into an austria game with space marines . 
  it 's even more ridiculous then that , we did n't even elect the people that are responsible , they took power with a coup ( with your kaisers support btw ), 
  what country do you typically pick ? 
  unless it 's a government job , i think you should be able to fire anyone for whatever reason as long as you are willing to pay appropriate severance . 
  no one should be forced to employ people they do n't like . 
   unless turkey 's attempt was to erase them off the map and their history from the world . 
   we have a winner what exactly are you basing the judgment of intent to destroy armenians all together instead of just within the borders of the ottoman empire ? 
  i 'm not saying you 're wrong , i would like to know though . 
  in what world is iran secular ? 
  i do n't understand why some eastern europeans think that turkey is rich . 
  i just checked and the average latvian makes 50 % more than the average turk . 
  not that that is a good enough reason not to make any reparations but i 've heard the same thing from a couple of eastern europeans . 
  besides the us is the richest ( non-city state ) country in the world and has made no reparations to either the descendants of the african slaves or the few remaining native americans . 
  i do n't think you will find anyone here who has denied the events were genocide . 
  if this were the case they would be banned . 
  i think that was hitler though . 
  i see where this going and i do n't like it . 
  preemptive combo break . 
  like they give a shit whether you acknowledge them . 
  at least go and vote with an empty ballot if you want to protest , or write someone in if thats an option , or vote for some random independent that has no chance . 
  otherwise you are just finding excuses for your laziness . 
  have you read the rest of the article ? 
  love is such a strong word , respect i think is more appropriate . 
  the island thing is pretty unlikely , but if you think greece is going to be able to pay back its debt just because it 's no longer paying 35 % per anum on it , you are living in a dream world . 
  the reality is that all the eu 's credibility has only brought down the yield to 15 % , and the greek economy continues to shrink . 
  the eu has also brought zero pressure to bear on greece with regards to tax fraud , preferring instead to push for legislation that punishes the greeks who have the least amount of blame for the crisis with regressive value added taxes , reduced pensions etc. . . 
  bankruptcy is overkill . 
  what should have happened is that greece , rather than the banks that owned greek debt should have been quietly bailed out on the condition that the people who fudged the numbers , the bankers that helped them and the greeks that committed tax fraud go to jail . 
  unlike bankruptcy the bailout would n't have to cover anything near the full amount of the debt . 
  as it stands , in the 6 years since the debt crisis was announced at least another 20 billion euros were added to the greek public debt . 
  but then how will bankers leech money out of the european tax payers pockets ? 
  it is not whataboutism . 
  i 'm not denying the armenian genocide or taking it lightly . 
  i am merely pointing out that turkey is being held to a higher standard than some of the richest countries in the world . 
  1 ) all of the things i have listed were clearly systematic . 
  you might make the argument that some of these were not extermination campaigns , but you can do the same for the armenian genocide , after all there was no attempt to exterminate the armenians living in istanbul . 
  not that this sort of argument holds any value . 
  but for example the argument that the trail of tears is not an extermination campaign is very similar the one made in defense of turkish actions . 
  the french make the same sort of argument for their massacres in algeria . 
  2 ) i find it interesting that when it 's more convenient to making turks look like monsters what happened to the various christians minorities is totaled and when it is more convenient they are separated into 3 genocides . 
  the irish famine affected more people than the armenian genocide , unless you count assyrians and greeks ( which you should imo and it should be called an orthodox christian genocide ) . 
  but what does scale have to do with anything ? 
  are you saying the murder of 500 thousand people is less of a crime than the murder of a million , or less tragic ? 
  i admit , that the turkish state should do a better job of informing it 's citizens in schools about what happened . 
  when i was in school it was relegated to a single paragraph , with a quarter of it making excuses for it . 
  i do n't know if its gotten better or worse . 
  but this does n't change the fact that parliaments have n't been passing laws for decades to recognize what france did in algeria or belgium did in congo . 
  nor was there ever any annual media coverage on the anniversaries of the events . 
  without a doubt , people in the west care more about christian victims . 
  to an extent this is understandable , i merely point it out so that people can understand how their views might be skewed . 
  denialism is by no means exclusive to the turkish government . 
  does the us consider the trail of tears to be genocide ? 
  does france consider the massacres it committed in algeria to be genocides ? 
  has belgium made any apologies for it 's atrocities in the kongo . 
  what about japan 's denial of it 's atrocities in china and korea ? 
  does britain consider the irish famine as genocide ? 
  of course the armenian genocide was terrible . 
  but let 's face it , the only reason it makes the news regularly in the west is because it 's victims were christian and the perpetrators were not . 
  turkey is not unique in it 's denial . 
  not even close . 
  we are the borg . 
  you will be assimilated . 
  resistance is futile . 
  is n't boris johnson part turkish ? 
  yup it 's dracula . 
  that would be august of next year . 
  that is pretty far from the truth . 
  first of all , about half the land they claim in turkey once belonged to the armenians . 
  but beyond that kurds are not a very homogeneous group either , some of their ancestors were surely indigenous , others would have come from persia or central asia along with the original turks , as there have always been indo-iranic tribes in central asia like the people of tajikistan . 
  besides the majority of turks are indigenous too . 
  less so than the kurds , but that 's mostly because some are decended from refugees fleeing ethnic cleansing in the balkans and caucasus in the aftermath of the 19th century russo-turkish wars . 
  what polls are you talking about ? 
  the ones i saw from pew showed that about 12 % of turks want a theocracy , which is a lower percentage than the usa . 
  i think you mean green card . 
  he actually went though . 
  pretty cool of him , even though i doubt he has much fans in kodiak , i expect people around those parts do n't get to meet many celebrities and were excited nevertheless . 
  i think it has more to do with understanding it than loving it . 
  if they thought other names that they did n't love as much would have had better marketing value than the ones they chose , they would have used those instead . 
  it 's also greatly preferable to naming it after a dying child . 
  what a downer that is for the people on the boat . 
  and for what ? 
  what possible value does having a research boat being named after her have for a 2 year old that has a few days to live ? 
  you could just tell her they named it after her , it 's not like she can read . 
  and do the parents really need to be reminded of their dead daughter whenever this boat comes up in the news ?
