  large cities are generally more efficient in other respects too , like public transport and health services . 
  of course metropolises like istanbul , moscow , london , mexico city etc. . . are a bit of an overkill , especially for rich societies which can afford to make larger investments for the same return . 
  and frankly i do n't want istanbul to get any bigger . 
  it has been growing at an average of 200,000 people a year and the infrastructure is stretched to the limit . 
  but i also feel that in a global sense we do n't have too many people . 
  overpopulation is n't a real issue . 
  the earth can support about 40 billion people with our current tech , and it looks like we will top out at about 11 billion . 
  having more people means more genetic diversity which means we wont be easily wiped out by one disease or another . 
  i mea n't individually . 
  greater tokyo and new york are bigger than 20 mil though . 
  in the end both sides look brainwashed by their respective media to each other , which to be honest , is n't too far from the truth . 
  after all there are other more subtle carrots and sticks that can be wielded by power centers than jail terms . 
  i wish more people could just admit that they do n't actually know whats going on . 
   but even if the coupt was organized by gulen/his supporters , there really is n't any doubt about this . 
   is n't erdogan exploiting this situation and arresting all sorts of people that do n't agree with him , not just the gulen supporters ? 
  yes . 
  i can confirm that people that have nothing to do with gulen have been arrested . 
  to be fair , all of the ones i have identified were subsequently also released . 
  again to be fair , no one fired in the aftermath has been returned to their jobs , and certainly many of the fired people had nothing to do with g\u00fclen . 
  the akp has never been weaker . 
  they look incompetent to the public . 
  but western media is actually helping the akp with their narrative . 
  if it it 's akp vs the rest of the world , most turks will chose the akp . 
  i guess it depends on your arbitrary definition . 
  interesting that europe has been expanding eastwards throughout history . 
  there really is n't a definition of the word continent that would separate europe from asia , without creating any other continents or making a special case out of europe . 
  kazakhstan has land in europe , wut ? 
  geography fail . 
  denmark , norway and sweden all have less population than the city i live in . 
  since the languages you speak are pretty much mutually intelligible , and there are n't significant religious differences between you it baffles me why you are n't the same country . 
  if i were dictator of the world , i 'd put you all together in the state of borkistan . 
  it 's either both or neither . 
  neo nazis can be terrorists too , it 's not exclusive to muslims . 
  if it 's a politically motivated rampage then it 's terrorism . 
  emperor was better , padishah is the more accurate local term . 
  all the members of the royal family were called sultans , including the women . 
  trump is not going to win . 
  exactly . 
  this guy has been in our consciousness for ever . 
  it 's not our fault that you do n't follow turkish politics very closely . 
   '' a wet man does not fear rain '' ( i 'm not sure if it translates well to turkish though ) i think that can translate to any language . 
  it would be '' \u0131slak adam ya\u011fmurdan korkmaz '' in turkish and makes perfect sense . 
   probably illegal although some eu support on this issue would be welcomed . 
  however our pm and fm are idiots so . . 
  i honestly do n't blame the greeks for the mess they are in . 
  europe has been too focused with the money owed . 
  but what should have happened is that the people who got you in to the eurozone and hid stuff should have gone to jail , as well as tax fraud investigations . 
  the debt was something the german tax payer could essentially laugh off . 
  yes . 
  it is important not to overreact to rare events . 
  the problem is that you have too many muslims . 
  if you only have a few muslims they are great . 
  did you know the vatican owns a whole city block in istanbul near gezi park ? 
  it must be worth billions . 
  i do n't understand catholics at all , this is not just a religion , it 's a business . 
  i 'm sure there are some economic measures turkey can use . 
  especially given greece ' situation this might be bad . 
  although greece can use this as a bargaining chip with the eu . 
  keep them in greece in exchange for eu funds . 
  please do not confuse being against the coup as being for erdo\u011fan . 
  also they have nuclear weapons . 
  their own nuclear weapons . 
  yeah , i 've hear it referred to as the turkish slavery from bulgarian friends ( i have quite a few that i met in germany , we can still get along despite the indoctrination ) . 
  i think most bulgarians also do n't know that the devshirme system of harvesting christian boys for the army ended in 1648 . 
  so slavery seems like a bit of an overstatement . 
  i think it has to be presented as really bad to justify the expulsions when bulgaria gained it 's independence . 
  they are probably old though . 
  this needs to be understood more . 
  nah , nostalgia has been around for ever . 
  the greeks wrote about it . 
  it has more to do with the innocence of a child than any modern contrivance . 
   probably met ataturk maybe . 
  she was 12 when he died . 
  i read some time back if you buy 300k worth of property in spain you can get citizenship . 
  i expect many rich secular people from turkey will start doing that . 
  yeah . 
  if the chp and mhp had run separate candidates i do n't think we would have erdo\u011fan as president right now . 
  it is n't . 
  the government is ok with it . 
  they even added a day of free public transport and one mp asked akp voters to show their support as well . 
  unless it 's a devious trap where they are willing to kill their own voters too potentially , i think they will do their best to keep isis away . 
  this is a democracy rally not a coup rally . 
  it 's important that secularist show their numbers though . 
  should n't it be priced in, 
  i feel your pain . 
  but please do n't go . 
  if you are in istanbul or close by ; come to the chp meeting on sunday 18.00 in taksim . 
  bring an ataturk flag . 
  remember : mustafa kemal atat\u00dcrk 's address to turkish youth turkish youth , your first duty is to preserve and to defend turkish independence and the turkish republic forever.this is the very foundation of your existence and your future . 
  this foundation is your most precious treasure . 
  in the future , too , there may be malevolent people at home and abroad , who will wish to deprive you of this treasure . 
  if some day you are compelled to defend your independence and your republic , you must not hesitate to weigh the possibilities and circumstances of the situation before doing your duty.these possibilities and circumstances may turn out to be extremely unfavourable . 
  the enemies conspiring against your independence and your republic may have behind them a victory unprecedented in the annals of the world . 
  it may be that , by violence and trickery , all the fortresses of your beloved fatherland may be captured , all its shipyards occupied , all its armies dispersed and every corner of the country invaded . 
  and sadder and graver than all these circumstances , those who hold power within the country may be in error , misguided and may even be traitors . 
  furthermore , they may identify personal interests with the political designs of the invaders . 
  the country may be impoverished , ruined and exhausted . 
  youth of turkey 's future , even in such circumstances it is your duty to save turkish independence and the republic !, 
  you will find the strength you need in your noble blood, 
  unless the ~ ~ king ~ ~ ** queen ** really wants a divorce .
