  i thought france was neutral after the agricultural subsidies . 
  erdo\u011fan and his supporters say stuff like this too . 
  same shit different asshole . 
  this bullshit gets repeated too often . 
  all they got was a public tv station in kurdish and the right to open private kurdish language courses . 
  the kurdish language ban was lifted in 1991 , a decade before the akp came into existence . 
  i do n't get the bit about being talked to but going into a bus where every seat is taken except the ones next to them is a true nightmare to me . 
  it 's not the discomfort of having to sit next to someone but having to chose . 
  it feels like you are making a personal statement with that choice . 
  especially nerve racking if the choice is between a beautiful girl and a guy ( who is n't fat and therefore uncomfortable to sit next to ) . 
  if i choose the girl , i feel like people will judge me as a pervert . 
  if i choose the guy i feel people will judge me as being a homosexual . 
  fortunately bus stops around here generally look like [ this ] ( http://i.sozcu.com.tr/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/metrob%c3%bcs-0021.jpg ) so it 's rarely an issue . 
  i suppose that would be hell for a finn though . 
  i have been considering selling all my property and moving to spain . 
  i 'd have to be convinced that the political situation is hopeless though . 
  i might have done it too if those 3 billion euros from the refugee deal came through as it would have had a significant effect on the exchange rate . 
  but not everyone can afford to buy a bunch of real estate in spain to get citizenship . 
  so it 's not a solution for most people and i would feel bad leaving poorer secular turks to fend for themselves . 
  not that i would do them any good by staying , it just feels wrong . 
  until the oil price dropped turkey was running a 10 % of gdp trade deficit . 
  the growth you see is fueled by construction and private foreign debt . 
  it is unsustainable in the long run . 
  the lira has lost about 40 % of it 's value against currency basket since 2013 . 
  i am not very optimistic , especially with erdo\u011fan in charge . 
  not really , depends on your metric . 
  employment ? 
  yes . 
  gdp growth ? 
  yes . 
  average income ? 
  savings ? 
  future prospects ? 
  about even . 
  or maybe he brings back top hats . 
  i do n't think there would have been as many casualties without nationalism . 
  sure the reasons for war were the same as ever , but nationalism made it possible to enlist an order of magnitude more people in the war effort . 
  you see this first in the napoleonic wars . 
  the aegean will be like the dead sea from all the salt . 
  i think pretty that pretty much any politician in turkey would have called back the ambassador . 
  the vast majority of turks deny the genocide , and about half of the ones that do n't would like to repeat it . 
  so the ambassador thing is not a great argument . 
  i think he does care though , germany just called his bluff . 
  this is pretty much exactly the argument used by turkish genocide deniers . 
  europeans got to stop thinking that eu membership can be used as a carrot for turkey . 
  and it 's not just a credibility issue , most turks are against eu membership now , an atheist erdo\u011fan hater like myself included . 
  after seeing what happened to greece , i ca n't support it , it 's just too easy for the same thing to happen here , we have corrupt politicians too . 
  but erdo\u011fan supporters have been whipped up in a frenzy against the supposedly jealous west , you think they want to join the eu ? 
  do you honestly think erdo\u011fan wants to join the eu and share power with brussels ? 
  he is incapable of sharing power with his own prime minister ffs . 
   this is n't the 60s anymore when the american system was pretty inclusive for people from all classes as long as you were white and a dude . 
  mohammed had been dead for 5 centuries by the time muslims conquered india . 
  the ummayid ( later rebranded the mamluks with a new dynasty ) held the most legitimate claim to being the caliphate at the time but they had no influence over persia let alone the mughals . 
  the dutch will hate me for this but as far as i am concerned they are just tall water germans . 
  so he 's a catholic now ? 
  afaik there is absolutely no religious reason for muslims to be against birth control . 
  you ca n't really prevent people from going to an unofficial court and getting a non binding ruling on something . 
  the key is the non binding part . 
  if a woman wants a divorce and takes her husband to a sharia court and the court says no you ca n't have a divorce , she can still get a divorce in the regular courts . 
  in fact she would have to get a divorce in the regular courts even if the sharia court said yes , otherwise she would still be legally married . 
  you cant , however , prevent her from agreeing to the conditions set by the sharia court for the divorce or deciding against a getting a real divorce if the sharia court says no , without compromising individual freedoms and privacy . 
  all you can do is make sure that the woman does n't have to fear for her life and can support herself financially if she decides to flee her islamist family . 
  obviously you do not want to support sharia or any other parallel courts with public funds or official recognition . 
  but banning them would be a mistake too . 
  the way to help women stuck in a bad situation is to have women 's shelters , social welfare and education programs for adults . 
  i think germany is already more or less up to speed with those things , but there is probably some room for improvement , mostly in getting information about their options to the women . 
  yeah , there is no way it 's that deep . 
  the people in the trains would be cooked . 
  however due to the curvature of the earth you could dig a downwards sloping tunnel and still come out the other end at the same altitude you started digging , gravity could ( partially ) propel the train in such a scenario . 
  why not show it on a rail map of europe . 
  would have been interesting to see how it compares to the chunnel . 
   not to mention if you are banking on future generations rather than now , then it 'd be thousand times more effective just employ young men in public sector rather than women and forego with gender studies and whatnot . 
  so you 're proposing europeans should adopt a `` barefoot pregnant and in the kitchen '' solution to your demographic problem ? 
  how is that different than just letting in a bunch of conservative muslims ? 
  they have the same kind of ideas . 
  it might actually be possible to coast through it to a certain degree with automation , but i would n't bet on it , not for europe , you are already too old . 
  whether you like it or not , this is why your elites have been pushing for increased immigration for decades now . 
  it 's why you 're forcing neo-liberal death spiral austerity policies down the throats of the periphery . 
  you ca n't be rich if there are no poor people the labor of to exploit , money is only a number . 
  currently the average european is over 40 years old and your birth rates are low , you need immigration for your people to be able to retire . 
  you ca n't eat money , someone actually has to work when close to three quarters of europeans are retirees in about 20 years . 
  there are a lot of international companies in ireland but they are there for tax purposes . 
  the majority of their white collar workers are elsewhere and their production is outsourced mostly to east asia . 
  if you know a european language , you should be able to understand it , though being able to speak or write it is another thing . 
  the problem with all invented languages is that no one wants to learn a language that hardly anyone speaks . 
  of course it did . 
  they could have sent [ mr. methane ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xpqqpiocp_a ) and won, 
  i am sure he will try , he seems to also be making preparations against a possible coup or to mount a violent resistance if he is thrown out of office . 
  he had anti aircraft guns installed in his palace . 
  i 've recall talking to one homeless romanian on the reperbahn in hamburg once , i do n't know if he was a gypsy . 
  i had two romanian friends who overheard some construction workers talking romanian and assumed that they were probably gypsies . 
  i also knew one turkish gypsy hairdresser and her boyfriend who was a german gypsy but they had nothing to do with romania and were quite respectable . 
  i feel like it 's probably hungarians rating romania at 0 and british contractors angry at being undercut more than gypsies that result in such a low rating . 
  so how do you feel about hungary being rated higher than romania ? 
   davatoglu threatened that turkey was in serbia and that they will be in serbia again sounds like bullshit to me , it would have made our papers . 
  got a source for that claim ? 
  i have n't traveled all of europe , but i can say that i 've not seen one gypsy begging in front of a supermarket in the 10 years i lived in germany or during my visits to paris , amsterdam and london . 
  you mean by filling up the sea ? 
  i do n't think that erdo\u011fan is undermining western interests at all ( as long as you define it as us foreign policy goals set in line with oil and arms companies ) . 
  part of his function is to draw criticism of us foreign policy to him .
