  they just rub some dirt on regular immigrants and put them in fancy packaging to sell them at a ridiculous markup . 
  i 'm not a monster , i can see the point of free range immigration . 
  but even if your immigrants are genuinely organic that 's still pretty meaningless . 
  arsenic is fully organic but that does n't mean it wont kill you . 
  you might also ask the romans how they liked their free range , fair trade , organic visigoths and vandals . 
   turkey is no continent how dare you !, 
  turkey is as much a continent as is europe . 
  given what tolkien lived through ( the trenches of the somme ) , and when the books were written ( during ww2 ) , mordor draws from the image of germany . 
  i think it 's safe to assume that the soviet interpretation was meant as satire . 
   take this all with a giant rock of salt kek, 
  2.4 billion is a lot of money , even for bill gates . 
  i 'm pretty sure your german overlords prefer eu-ro-pa, 
  i mean , you would expect the queen to be pro eu given that she comes from a family of german immigrants . 
  [ this is another article ] ( http://newsthump.com/2017/06/21/queen-criticised-for-lack-of-impartiality-by-wearing-brexit-means-clusterfck-t-shirt-during-speech/ ) from that site . 
  i think it 's safe to say it 's satire . 
  it 's actually been an unusually cool summer here . 
  eh , we do n't get triggered by being compared to our cousins across the aegean . 
  calling us armenian , those are fighting words , even though we are way more similar to the armenians than the greeks , or perhaps specifically because of it . 
  why do you know so much about turkey ? 
  do you work with turks or something ? 
  culture can permeate across borders and even religions , who would have thunk it . 
  this guy class struggles . 
  pfft the hitites started it when they killed of the hattians . 
  i 'm so fucking jealous . 
  our trains suck so bad . 
  the newly re-opened istanbul - sofia train goes with fucking 60kmh . 
   not actually iranian what are you then ? 
  i mean , not from any legal standpoint . 
  unless not having gay marriage is enough to count as oppression . 
  individuals on the other hand can be quite fucked up and try to empose their sexual morality on others . 
  still it 's not as homophobic as you think . 
  in my dorm in hamburg besides two regular stalls there was one urinal for the boys in it 's own stall . 
  there are other ways to sort this stuff too , and honestly i do n't have a urinal at home and i survive fine . 
  it 's always flairless people from / r/all that jerk this particular circle . 
  this sub definately considers turkey to be in europe , look at the fucking map . 
  because of the timing . 
  inbred stupid intolerant smegmaspawn, 
  he also likes [ money ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=szhcvyllnck ), 
   implying austria is n't carpathia therefore romania ftfy austria does n't border belgium . 
  ^ translation : `` we are the soldiers of freddy mercury . '', 
  a reference to the popular slogan , `` we are the soldiers of mustafa kemal '' ( ataturk ) . 
   sunni/shia divide is a political divide it 's quite a bit more than just a political divide . 
  it might have started out that way but there is plenty of theological difference between sunni and shia islam as well . 
  what 's your source ? 
  europe is pretty diverse too . 
  other than jesus , how much does the person from lisbon have in common with the person from helsinki ? 
  i think that was sarcasm . 
  i 'm not sure , but i sure hope so . 
  where the fuck do you live that you have to eat frozen bananas ? 
  no it just means you ca n't pick and choose your verses . 
  you can still chose what you consider to be metaphor and what is literal , furthermore because vowels and punctuation did n't exist yet when it was written down , most of the individual words have multiple possible interpretations and the meaning of a passage can be inverted entirely by inserting a pause . 
  i do n't know about the russian mob orgies , but the coke is just as good if not better in antwerp and rotherdam . 
  we have a satirical novel and play about a situation like this . 
  in the book the guy is often not considered dead when it comes to stuff like collecting taxes , doing military service , but whenever he needs something from the government it turns out he died once in 1912 and sometimes also in 1935 . 
  it 's called `` ya\u015far ne ya\u015far ne ya\u015famaz , '' meaning ya\u015far neither lives nor does he not live . 
  14 years is a crazy long time , but this sort of thing is n't that rare . 
  most people , i believe , will get it sorted quicker than that . 
  there was a radiolab podcast about a girl who ran away from her hardcore evangelical homeschooling parents who never got a birth certificate or anything from the government for their children to live with her grandparents . 
  she was having a lot of trouble getting that stuff done as an adult , i belive it was a struggle . 
  this sort of thing must be an absolute nightmare if you look foreign . 
  it also looks like a victorian woman with a large head in a strange hat . 
  oddly enough , you might discover things work just as well without politicians . 
  `` alot '' is not a word . 
  you made a typo , should have been , `` a lot '' . 
  that is an image of what someone on the internet imagines an alot to look like . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mary_magdalene#the_.22composite_magdalene.22_of_the_middle_ages `` though mary magdalene is named in each of the four gospels in the new testament , none of the clear references to her indicate that she was a prostitute or notable for a sinful way of life , [ 3 ] [ 23 ] nor link her with mary of bethany . '', 
  `` the `` composite magdalene '' was never accepted by the eastern orthodox churches , who saw only mary the disciple , and believed that after the resurrection she lived as a companion to the virgin mary , and not even in the west was it universally accepted '' -- i do n't know what other mary 's have to do with it though . 
  if you strip away faith and look at this book as if it were the odyssey or the iliad , or the epic of gilgamesh , it looks incredibly similar to verbal irony . 
  i expect it 's hidden because they wanted to be able to tell the story to kids over whose heads it would have gone and eventually it just became dogma because it was convenient to the power structure . 
  you asked what people have to fear and i responded with what people have to fear which is arson attacks mainly . 
  i just wanted to relate my general impression after living as an atheist turk in germany for about 10 years . 
  i was n't trying to being hostile , sorry if it came out that way . 
  it also occurs to me that it might also help to be attractive , i 'm pretty sure attractive people deal with a lot less racism than ugly people do . 
  this is just a gut feeling though . 
  need to see if there is any kind of evidence to back up this hunch . 
  there certainly are no go zones for non germans in eastern germany though . 
  staying away from those areas is probably necessary , as is not living in a building that only has turks or other minorities as those are more likely to be targetted by neo nazis for arson attacks . 
  basically do n't be poor and you will be fine , helps also to have light skin and not to have black hair , but its not necessary , a lot of prejudice can be avoided by not dressing or having haircuts like the typical turkish asi . 
  you must send out a party of wise men to visit all the births that occurred at the moment of his death . 
  bring along some of his personal belongings to show the children to see if they recognize it . 
  the kohl lama must be found !, 
  personally i 've always thought calling mary a virgin was just a nice way to insinuate she is a prostitute and son of god is just a euphemism for bastard . 
  it 's like ancient sarcasm , you take it to the impossible extreme to indicate the opposite thing . 
  at least that 's the way i 've always interpreted it . 
  i think if people treated the religious books as what they are , ancient literature , the world would be a better place . 
   the winking anus sounds like the name of a gay bar . 
  be more cynical , this is erdo\u011fan . 
  this is not a mistake , he is actively looking to create conflict to consolidate support back home . 
  the fact that you are talking about it is a pr victory for him . 
  furthermore your politicians appreciate him for this . 
  they get to score cheap political points by stating the obvious about something that does n't really matter . 
  remember the we wont allow a death penalty referendum on our soil circlejerk they had a month or so ago ? 
  you can turn umbrellas to face the rain , there 's no law that says they have to be pointed straight up ( or maybe there is , in ireland , i 'm not an expert ) . 
  wind is not endemic to ireland . 
   plus you ca n't really dress for the warmth because there 's always the chance of rain . 
  has the umbrella not yet made it to ireland ? 
  do you guys insulate your buildings ? 
  it 's been noticably abstent from most of the buildings i 've seen in the balkans , which i think is insane but those countries are not quite as cold . 
  is -30 enough that it makes sense , even for communists , to insulate their exteriors ? 
   meant i will be near copenhagen to be fair , it 's not like denmark and the netherlands are a continent apart .
