  i do n't get why this is something for the government to take care of . 
  you would think if the products are shit , people would just stop buying them and some other company would capitalize on the market gap . 
  the arabic script is great for writing , it was a significant advantage to use it until the invention of the printing press . 
  in fact if you look at stenography alphabets ( alphabets designed to write a language quickly for example in courtrooms ) they look kind of similar to arabic . 
  [ examples ] ( http://www.probaway.com/script/prayer.gif ) ) ottoman script is not quite as good at this , because letter frequencies are different . 
  particularly , arabic only has 3 vowels , compared to the 8 in turkish . 
  ultimately when writing ottoman you end up using a lot more letters mid word that do n't connect to the next one than when writing arabic . 
  so you have to lift your hand from the paper more often . 
  but it does n't matter that much and could have been fixed . 
  however arabic script is rather difficult to learn especially for turkish people , here is why : 1 - arabic script has unintuitive forms . 
  a lot of people get hung up on the number ( there are four : initial , middle , final , separate ) but really cursive latin has double the forms : all of those plus the capital letters ( which arabic script does n't have ) . 
  the difference is that the relation all these forms in cursive latin are pretty intuitive . 
  only some of the capital forms , like ` e ' and ` e ' or ` r ' and ` r ' , are not immediately obvious the way ` c ' and ` c ' or ` u ' and ` u ' are . 
  the connecting forms in latin are all very intuitive . 
  whereas in arabic script the final and separate forms are often very similar to each other and intuitive ( though there are exceptions ) , as are the initial and middle forms , but the final and initial forms are at best as similar as ` l' and ` l' , but often as different as ` a ' and ` a ' . 
  and there are a bunch of exceptions : letters that do n't connect , letters that only connect to the previous but not the next , letters that have considerably differnt final and separate forms . 
  2 - the arabic script uses too many letters that look the same . 
  turkish has 6 pairs : c / \u00e7 , s / \u015f , g / \u011f , \u0131 / i , u / \u00fc , o / \u00f6 and all of them are phonetically related and if you forgot the dot ( s ) it would still be very obvious what you meant . 
  whereas arabic has 8 pairs , one triplet and two sets of four letters that look identical except for the presence number and position of dots . 
  to complicate things further , sometimes the separate form is a little different . 
  and unlike our current writing system , in some of those groupings the sounds the letters make are not very close at all , like the triplet : r , z and j or the quadrouplet : b , p , t , s for example . 
  3 - arabic has many more consonants than turkish : there are 3 different s , h and z 's , two different k , g , t , and d 's . 
  this is by far the biggest hurdle for learning the ottoman script , it 's not very phonetic at all and there are more letters than you actually need , so you can easily write the word wrong because you used the wrong s or the wrong k. 
  there is at least an 85 % chance your grandfathers could n't read the graves of their grandfathers either because they were illiterate . 
   class is n't just defined by a degree . 
  that 's somewhat outdated as degrees are fairly common now i would argue that even though degrees are common , a large number if not a majority of people who have them are doing jobs that could just as easily be done by someone with a high school education . 
  but with a competitive job market and increased access to education you wo n't get hired without a college degree , because so many other applicants have one . 
  it 's different , though , for engineers , architects , lawyers , doctors , etc. . . in those cases the education is actually relevant to the job . 
  furthermore because science and technology has progressed , and there are goods and services that we did n't know that we needed , the middle class has had to expand to produce those , while the lower class has n't because of increased automation . 
  so there really are more middle class people nowadays , just not as much as there are if you asked people what class they think they belong to . 
   also the number of people that only live from capital is very small . 
  so the upper class would be close to zero i never said only , i said that their income from capital exceeds their income from labor . 
  for sake of clarity , capital incomes includes rents , interest payments and profit ( dividends or capital gains ) . 
  of course alot of people that have this kind of income also do some work aswell , but if we take elon musk as an example : if he were to replace himself with an employee he would be paying that employee a salary far below what he makes from his investments . 
  the number of such people is indeed small , smaller than any of the others , it is a pyramid scheme after all , but it is far from zero , i expect it 's closer to 10 % by my definition . 
  of course any class boundary you draw is going to be a bit arbitrary . 
  i could have drawn the line at double labor income instead of equal amounts . 
  one could also argue that plumbers and carpenters should be considered middle class , because they require additional training after high school , while some jobs do n't really even require more than a primary school education and there exist even a few jobs that do n't require any education at all . 
   anyway , here is a class test from the bbc : http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-22000973 ultimately i am only interested in class as a way to roughly classify political interests and behaviors for the sake of making predictions . 
  any other reason is tainted with narcissism . 
  the third section of that quiz reeks of this . 
  there are plenty of poor people who enjoy classical music/jazz/art , and while entertainment might indicate class ( not everyone can go to the opera or stately houses , while others are socially obligated to ) it 's not an important aspect of it , at least not for my purposes . 
  and while 3 classes are a bit of a rough approximation there is a reason that it 's stuck and i do n't particularly think the 3 new classes that quiz has introduced are all that useful . 
  if you do n't mind i 'd like to end this wall of text with a couple of paragraphs from the fictional book , `` theory and practice of oligarchical collectivism '' by emanuel goldstein : throughout recorded time , and probably since the end of the neolithic age , there have been three kinds of people in the world , the high , the middle , and the low . 
  they have been subdivided in many ways , they have borne countless different names , and their relative numbers , as well as their attitude towards one another , have varied from age to age : but the essential structure of society has never altered . 
  even after enormous upheavals and seemingly irrevocable changes , the same pattern has always reasserted itself , just as a gyroscope will always return to equilibrium , however far it is pushed one way or the other . 
  the aims of these three groups are entirely irreconcilable . 
  the aim of the high is to remain where they are . 
  the aim of the middle is to change places with the high . 
  the aim of the low , when they have an aim -- for it is an abiding characteristic of the low that they are too much crushed by drudgery to be more than intermittently conscious of anything outside their daily lives -- is to abolish all distinctions and create a society in which all men shall be equal . 
   cicero they are n't called roma because they claim roman ancestry or something , they are called that because that is what they call themselves . 
  gypsy is a corruption of the word egyptian or coptic . 
  they are not from egypt , it is n't particularly offensive , just incorrect . 
  the other word people ( most of europe ) use for them is derived from the ancient greek . 
  it means untouchable and is a pretty fucked up thing to call someone . 
  the upper class is the people who make more of their income from capital than from labor . 
  what distinguishes the lower from the middle class is education . 
  if you work in a job that requires a college degree in a sought after field , you are middle class . 
  a trash collector might make more than a junior professor in some jurisdictions , that does n't make them middle class . 
  for some reason a lot of people have convinced themselves that they are middle class , who are not . 
  i 'm not saying that these people should be poor , but they should stop pretending they have the same political interests as people who are actually middle class . 
  that 's what they said about the euro , and look how that 's worked out . 
  what 's your male to female ratio ? 
  and how do you handle polination ? 
  do you keep bees ? 
   65g ( the legal minimum ) there are illegal kiwis , til . 
  i like this one too . 
  i expect a considerable amount of water would evaporate there . 
  i wonder what effect it would have on the climate of the surrounding desert . 
  i expect it would cause more percipitation in italy and in the desert highlands in eastern libya and egypt . 
  i expect it would help the local economy considerably . 
  the biggest issue is what to do with all the salt that is going to accumulate as you keep taking water in from the mediterranean . 
  you do n't want it to end up like [ salton sea ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/salton_sea ) . 
  there are fish that live in the atlantic but then come to breed in the mediterranean , like the atlantic blue tuna . 
  such a damn would kill those . 
  furthermore with the exception of egypt and libya the mediterranean is surrounded by mountains and the land rises rather quickly above sea level . 
  egypt is the most vulnerable part with a majority its crops in the nile delta which is close to sea level . 
  other than that , most countries with mediterranean coast have less to worry about from sea rise than other places in the world and less rise in the mediterranean means more rise in the oceans . 
  i 've heard or read this opinion from quite a few people . 
  it 's quite naive . 
  who do you think is bribing the politicians in the first place ? 
  giving bribes is no less immoral than receiving them , it 's still corruption . 
  and the odds that you will find a rich guy that got rich on merit and cares about common people and is willing to put up with the stress and lack of privacy that comes with being a politician is pretty damn slim . 
  people turn a blind eye , because it 's obviously a damn joke . 
  one that makes brits salty , which makes it all the more delightful for those making and laughing at them . 
  could n't help but think of snowpiercer when he said ecosystem . 
  he was elected mayor of istanbul in 1994 . 
  thats ' 32 years ago . 
  he is 62 years old . 
  so effectively he has actually been rich for longer than he has been poor . 
  i do n't know if he is still legitimately religious , he certainly wants to make the population more religious but that can be easily explained by the desire for more control . 
  whether he wants to bring sharia or not , i do n't believe he thinks he can achieve it within this generation , hence all the fucking around with the education system . 
  no matter what he 's done so far though , it seems the younger generation is less religious than the previous . 
  i expect , however , that the young are always less religious than the old . 
  i would really like to compare statistics over a decade for the age bracket , but i do n't know of multiple studies using the same methodology . 
  i expect whatever effect age has on piety it crosses religious boundaries so maybe one could find such a studies on other religious communities and subtract that effect to see what the actual result of erdo\u011fan 's education policies have been . 
  i have n't done the work or the math though , and i think making both optimistic or pessimistic prognoses without doing it is kind of useless . 
  they wo n't be reading this . 
  it 's like how tv shows do n't have to care about blind people . 
  if you want to make very clear distinctions you could say a castle is a fortified manor with the primary purpose of housing landed royalty , while a fort 's primary purpose is military .
