  the bible is old and boring too . 
   the people in question simply do n't care to try well many people are busy , with work and kids , they do n't really have the time . 
  what little free time they have they wo n't spend on that because it 's not very entertaining . 
  you ca n't expect everybody to investigate this personally . 
  these books just need to be classified as fiction by trustworthy authorities . 
  well duh , who the hell reads scripture ? 
  it 's really quite arduous . 
  i mean it 's 1400 years old . 
  you need annotations to read shakespeare which is only 400 years old . 
  so it 's not really for everybody . 
  oooh , ooh , i think i know this one . 
  is it because religion is dumb ? 
  jeans ? 
  do estonians wear pants on their hands or what ? 
  that would explain the longer solve time . 
  please explain, 
  yeah at this point , the us is a bigger richer turkey . 
  i wish there was a proper tengri organization in turkey . 
  i would totally join . 
  not that i believe in it , but i think it 's fun , and i think that bringing people together for a sense of community and fostering charity is great . 
  i just do n't like any of the religions . 
  tengrism does n't have a book . 
  so it can be more or less whatever you want it to be . 
   coal jobs you joke , but the turkish coal industry is deeply in bed with the erdo\u011fan government . 
  remember the soma mining disaster a few years back ? 
  hundreds of dead workers , no one got punished . 
  they provide cheap coal to the akp so the akp can bribe other voters . 
  to this end all the worker abuse gets covered up , unions are suppressed . 
  erdo\u011fan recently admitted to an angle i as an upper middle class person did not realize , the state of emergency is preventing all labor strikes . 
  is n't there a scientific method to get a reasonable idea of a persons age ? 
  i do n't think this guy is 17 but he might be younger than he looks . 
  there are various genetic and environmental factors that impact how old a person looks . 
  he is from a war torn country , it 's understandable that he would look older than he is . 
  that being said , this guy is not a day younger than 25 . 
  i just think it 's fairer to everyone if we had a way of approximating someones age scientifically . 
  and i would like to know about what they are and how accurate they are . 
  there is probably an extension or something you can get for this . 
  something you can toggle to auto hue shift the image . 
  you might be able to get it for your os in general instead of the browser too . 
  i do n't actually know if this exist , because i 'm not colorblind , but it 's possible . 
  go back to playing pokemon kid . 
   you are in opposition to current government you are pretty much forced to vote for either po or nowoczesna , why ? 
  just vote for whoever you want . 
  in fact , do more , join a party and help chose the politicians who will run for election . 
  this is the part most people are missing . 
  you , the individual citizen are responsible for the opposition being shit . 
  it 's easy to complain , you must do , otherwise you will just end up like us . 
  we complained about the opposition being shit for a decade and a half too , they do n't magically become good . 
  central california coast is like that . 
  they also have earthquakes though . 
  i think most of them live in the parts that are shown though . 
  except for the finns , i think they are missing completely . 
  netherlands wins by default ? 
   the south east gets 130 . 
  i do n't know . 
  serbia , croatia , hungary , greece are also stans , the rest of the balkan countries are n't . 
  the ending iteself is persian . 
  we use a turkish ending for albania and a greek/arabic ( - ya ) ending for everyone else except bosnia , montenegro and kosovo . 
  i ca n't find any sort of rule to it . 
  it 's probably just what sounded more natural to people when the countries came about . 
   engendering i think you mean endangering . 
  engendering is something else , also no homo . 
  in turkish , bulgaria , along with about half the balkan countries , is a stan : bulgaristan . 
  many turks go gambling in bulgaria . 
  i ocassionally visit to buy cheap alcohol . 
  as far as i can see the country needs a lot of investment . 
  i do n't think enough eu money is going where it should . 
  for example , most of the big buildings i saw in sofia did n't have proper isolation . 
  this is a no brainer . 
  if people ca n't afford to get their building clad you can safely lend them the money because they will be able to pay you back with the fuel savings . 
  i also think it will be interesting to see what happens to the country when all it 's expats start retiring and coming home to spend their german pensions . 
   bride kidnapping just mongol things . 
  this witty retort is blocked by gema, 
  oh the irony . 
  hey , that 's our job !, 
  do n't make us squeeze some brussels sprouts and eat a waffle !, 
  reading about polish politics gives me a great sense of deja-vu . 
  notary president , slow judiciary as an excuse to pack the high courts with lackeys , all stuff that happened here these past 7 years . 
  maybe you can learn from our mistakes . 
  do n't wait for the opposition leaders to fix stuff , fulfill your civic duty participate properly in the political process . 
  do n't just complain online , go join a party and vote in their delegate elections . 
  this is the least you can do . 
  you should also write letters to the people in charge and encourage others to do it . 
  not everyone can go out and protest but everyone can write a letter . 
  no one can paint you as an anarchist if all you are flooding the government inbox with reasonable demands . 
  you get to show your numbers to the power without scaring regular people who do n't want their cars to be set on fire by some assholes . 
  the only joek here is that greeks and bulgarians believe they can stay independent forever . 
  add kebab to premises or we send falafel and hummus . 
  but the uae is n't in saudi arabia , it 's a different country entirely . 
  are you trying to say argentina is white ? 
  we are all vikings on this blessed day . 
  because cheating is n't nearly as easy as you think , at least not everywhere . 
  is that a taco ? 
  hate to break it to you , but 3 european languages have gone extinct since 2000 . 
  fun fact , the entire platform the people are standing on as well as the green areas did n't exist a just a few years back . 
  the sea has been filled in with old concrete from the various gentrification projects around the city . 
  if you look at a [ map ] ( https://www.google.com.tr/maps/@40.9332836,29.1206365,3555m/data=!3m1!1e3?hl=en ) , the original coastline is right behind the road , the road itself was filled in some 20 years ago though . 
  the one they made on the european side is attrocious : https://www.google.com.tr/maps/@41.0001774,28.9467569,2111m/data=!3m1!1e3?hl=en why would you even fuck with the historic peninsula ? 
  just dump your shit somewhere beyond the city walls . 
  i 'm glad that k\u0131l\u0131\u00e7daro\u011flu chose this one to hold his rally in .
