  i would be surprised if you could name three cities in those countries other than bogota and jakarta . 
  i doubt you are an expert in how they collect crime statistics . 
  for all we know they are better . 
  hell since the us is arguably more democratic , there might be more incentive for incumbent politicians to hide the statistics . 
  i 'm not comparing the us to south america . 
  i 'm comparing the us to europe and south and central america to the middle east and africa . 
  all of these do worse in terms of crime then their counterparts across the ocean . 
  canada is the only exception , they do alright , but there is something rotten in the americas . 
  i expect it 's cocaine , but it might also be related to scapegoating as a result of racial diversity and predjudice . 
  you forgot seal clubbing . 
  that 's just a map of the countries where they did more detailed studies and have sub-national data . 
  here is a link to the [ full report ] ( http://www.unodc.org/documents/gsh/pdfs/2014_global_homicide_book_web.pdf ) . 
  they have data for all the countries , granted it 's based on who estimates in most of africa and about half the middle east . 
  there are , however , more than three countries in africa with more direct research , they just did n't dig down to the province level . 
  you also counted wrong , in fact there are six , not three countries in africa with sub-national data ( south africa , swaziland , lesotho , namibia , kenya and south sudan ) . 
  there is also the issue of what constitutes a homicide . 
  i 'm pretty sure that when you are killed by mortar rounds or barrel bombs you become a war statistic not a crime statistic . 
  you can however compare mena countries like lebanon , jordan , morocco and algeria ( none of which are who estimates ) that are not currently in the middle of a civil war and they all compare favorably to all the south american countries . 
  their homicide rates are closer to canada . 
  so yeah do n't go to iraq or syria , but you are significantly safer in the parts of mena that are n't in the midst of a bloody civil war than in brazil or peru . 
  central and south america is about the same but slightly worse than africa , but considering it 's not as poor , it should n't be . 
  yeah , because there are so many black people in the dakotas and alaska . 
  it 's not just the us though . 
  almost all the worst countries in terms of crime are all in the americas . 
  for murder rates , all but 3 of the top 20 countries are in the americas ( the other 3 are in africa ) . 
  yeah i do n't get people who think that nothing in the world must change . 
  ffs the world is going to change , ecosystems are going to be destroyed . 
  some people are even against killing mosquito that carry , malaria , dengue , etc. . 
  coal plants produce more radiation than nuclear plants . 
  none of this is accounted for . 
  in nuclear plants the radioactive waste is concentrated and its handling is priced in . 
  renewable are great , but they are n't waste free . 
  turbines and solar cells break , plus they are intermittent and nuclear can provide a good baseline to supplement solar , wind and wave . 
  hydroelectric can be used to store excess renewable energy and help with peak demand . 
  nuclear is n't even one thing . 
  there are various plant designs with different risks . 
  nuclear has to be a part of the solution in most places . 
  i think the anti nuclear movement is largely sponsored by the coal industry . 
  ok , let 's go with a more real example . 
  if i payed taxes on 80,000 of rental income in turkey . 
  the first 2,600 would be tax free . 
  leaving 77,400 . 
  i can further deduct 25 % for expenses because i 'm too lazy to collect receipts and besides it probably is n't 25 % a year anyway . 
  that would leave 58,050 as the principal . 
  there could be further deductions for educational and health spending as well as a retirement account , charitable donations and losses from previous years but let 's ignore those . 
  of that 58,050 , the first 12,600 would be taxed at 15 % . 
  which comes out to 1890 . 
  subtract from 58,050 the 12,600 of the first bracket and you are left with 45,450 . 
  now for the next 17,400 of income i have to pay 20 % or 3,480 . 
  this gets added on to the 1,890 from the first bracket and makes 5,370 . 
  now we subtract 17,400 from the 45,450 to find the amount eligible for the next bracket which comes out to 28,050 on which i would have to pay 27 % or 7,573.50 . 
  add that to the 5,370 from the previous brackets and you get 12,943.50 as the total taxes owed . 
  that comes out to about 22 % of the 58,050 that was taxable , which is lower than the 27 % of the highest tax bracket i hit . 
  if after the deductions i had over 110,000 of taxable income , i would have payed 15,900 on the 110,000 but 35 % on every cent i made over it . 
  of course you do n't actually have to do all these calculations . 
  you only have to calculate your deductions and figure how much is in the highest bracket . 
  so for the 80,000 scenario , i only would have to subtract 30,000 from the 58,050 that is taxable to figure out how much is to be taxed at 27 % , the rest i can just look up . 
  conversely if i had made 1,000,000 after deductions i would only have to subtract 110,000 from it to figure out how much of it will be taxed at 35 % and just looked up the 15,900 from the lower brackets and added it to the final figure . 
  no need to go through all the lower tax brackets . 
  hanukkah has only gained some significance because it falls on dates close to christmas . 
  if you want to show respect to jewish culture , yom kippur and rosh hashanah are the high holidays . 
  purim also celebrates something significant : the avoidance of genocide ( but not the one you are thinking of ) . 
  hannukkah is just about the oil in a lamp lasting longer than it was expected to . 
  though i suppose it 's a nice gesture . 
  people have a fundamentally false understanding of how tax brackets work . 
  it 's not like if you make $ 99,999.99 a year you pay 30 % or roughly $ 30,000 and if you make $ 100,000.01 a year you pay 35 % . 
  or roughly $ 35,000 . 
  that would be dumb . 
  no you pay 0 % on the first 20k , 10 % on the next , etc. . . obviously i 'm making up the brackets here , but in this example you would only be paying 35 % on the last cent . 
  the idea that you can lower your tax burden by giving to charity is also ( mostly ) bullshit . 
  however sometimes charity donations might have a much bigger pr impact on your company than their cost , also charities funded by large financial interest can end up pushing a favorable narrative more directly . 
  you can look at the rockefellers for an example of that . 
  i for one would love a sad pepe head in a pokeball . 
   better if he would 've have been prosecuted and left to rot in jail . 
  i do n't think this is necessarily better really , but it might have been useful to be able to interrogate him . 
  mmmm heart attack, 
  hamburg is definately beautiful . 
  i was lucky enough to spend three years in a dorm on the alster with a dock for canoeing . 
  but if i were to move back to germany , i would probably move to berlin because it has more going on and half my friends moved there after uni . 
  i spent about 9 years in hamburg . 
  still visit occasionally . 
  no we do n't have it in turkey . 
   but i guess you can also be a citizen of a city . 
  i 'm pretty sure that was the original meaning . 
  yes , i would like fries with that . 
  yeah its in the old city . 
  you can tell because the golden horn is in front and the bosphorous is to the right . 
  i used to ride the metrob\u00fcs to work every day . 
  i got sick at least 2 times every winter . 
  i have n't got sick since i stopped . 
  this kind of crowd is a terrible public health hazard . 
  they really need to add a few more busses during rush hour . 
  while it has a certain aesthetic appeal , i do n't think it actually adds any flavor to the gl\u00fchwein . 
  i always prefered the stuff you got at stalls at christmas markets to the feuerzangenbowle we made in the dorms . 
  then again , we were using gl\u00fchwein from a tetrapack , so maybe that was the problem . 
  believe it or not , most of us are n't obsessively checking the news from perfidious albion . 
  i probably would n't have known about it if it were n't posted here . 
  well mexicans are in large part amerindian . 
  in fact not an entirely insignificant number of them were fleeing to mexico from what is now us territory . 
  so it definitely seems fair .
