  i never said people should n't call out racists , racism is literally retarded ; that skin colour can affect a persons mind is beyond moronic . 
  no culture and education does that . 
  i object to crybabies like you that ca n't have a conversation without being outraged on someone else 's behalf and taking things to the stupidest extreme should someone mention someone that is not identical to themselves . 
  police will investigate because people are generally good and you do n't become police without wanting to catch people who commit crimes as bad as these . 
  however they are being hampered by numskulls like you . 
  are you just going to ignore the fact that peoples main characteristic is n't their sex when it applies to men ? 
  north african and middle eastern males are 17 ( ! ), 
  times more likely to commit a sexual assault than native male finns [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sexual_violence_in_finland#cite_note-maahanmuuttajat-21 ) do you actually believe that all men in germany are equally to blame for the assaults in colgne ? 
  well all men are being classed as potential sex offenders in the upcoming carnival , with men free zones . 
  i do no think that is fair . 
   life is all kinds of shades of grey dude , we can disagree and be buds still !, 
  yeah , that 's true but i think i would have got that one :p, 
  the figure you quoted was intimate partner and sexual violence , with includes only domestic violence of * those * victims about 4 % were attacked by men . 
  so to answer you question specially : 30,077,760 men were attacked by women , + / - 313,310 i am being called a gender warrior by `` lgbtlibrarian '' , frankly that 's rather impressive . 
  based on the second source , table 4 ; less than 3 % were male on male physical violence victims , or less than 5 % if you include bi couples , thus likely to be somewhere in between the two . 
  any further questions you have as you try desperately to hang on to your prejudice ? 
  so your saying it is perfectly fine to blame 50 % of the population of a nation for the actions of a small group of recently arrived people because describing them accurately as north africa and middle eastern recent immigrants who make up a tiny proportion of the population is fair ? 
  geez , better not describe any robbers skin , hair or eye colour to help police investigations any more either , just assume everyone in the broadest possible group you can is equally guilty . 
  that 's moronic . 
  talk about trying to close the stable door after the horse has bolted ... border in the south still totally open and wo n't send resources to secure it ; throws out a few people . 
  in the title ...  ` we ca n't arrest refugees without being accused of racism ' police arrest people to question them as part of an investigation ... 
  i am in no way against muslim immigration , yes those of islamic faiths are frankly more backward in socialital views than those in europe but with moderate numbers integration is easily possible . 
  i object to open borders . 
  what invisible man you pray to in the sky doe 's not make you a better or worse person , there are plenty of hardcore american christians i view equally to islamic extremists . 
  this is not true , 40 % of physical domestic abuse victims are male and 60 + % of psychological aggression victims are male . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/ss6308a1.htm?s_cid=ss6308a1_e#table6 ) lesbian couples also have a higher rate of sexual violence than hetro couples [ source ] ( http://www.cdc.gov/violenceprevention/pdf/nisvs_sofindings.pdf ) you simply have choose to believe women are equal yet somehow superior to/less bad than men , that is what makes you sexist . 
  edit : op deleted a comment where they compared male to female rape incidents and suggested the large number of women rape victims supported their sexist belief ; the following was my response before the deleted it . 
  rape is a legal term that involves penetration , females forcing a male to perform sex can not be included in that definition and thus is not a like for like comparison . 
  with males stat being only male on male ( or perhaps penetration with an object , not sure ) physical violence ( lifetime victims ) * female : 38,028,000 * male : 31,331,000 whether you identify as male , female or anywhere in between is irrelevant if you hold the factually incorrect belief that men are any more violent or bad than women and use it as a reason to support discriminatory action against males ; that makes you sexist . 
  surely it 's worse ? 
  it is by definition making the group wider and unduly punishing more innocent people ? 
  ethnic profiling can be very negative , like parts of inner city london , but there were literally hundreds of reports of a few national/ethnic groups that had recently arrived to the area . 
  police work is all about reducing the numbers of potential people until the perpetrator is found . 
  for example , it would n't make sense to search all men in a city if an iberian man robbed a bank . 
  that is horrible , they are still human and once born are just as deserving of life as anyone else . 
  i am in favour of abortions for serious illnesses but , no , a human is a human regardless once a certain level of brain function is there . 
  do you think someone who had an accident and went from being ` normal ' to severely crippled is less equal ? 
  yet [ profiling all men as potential rapists ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/12122998/cologne-sex-attacks-safe-zone-for-women-planned-ahead-of-citys-carnival.html ) because of the actions one group is fine and dandy right ? 
  yeah anger is growing , i 'm just really concerned people will get killed : s, 
  what, 
  no one is more against free speech than people like you by attempting to lock out anything you do n't agree with by jumping to extremes , you might as well go whole hog and call be a nazi sure . 
  i am no where near right wing at all , ukip and the like are a bunch of tossers ; but i am also not ignorant to realities like you are and i can see things in more than a binary way . 
  you really need to grow up . 
  shanty towns will develop , they always do ; those at calais do n't even want to leave theirs . 
  these people are fleeing bombs and genocide , a shanty town on the turkish border will still be a huge improvement for them , and hopefully they will get the help they need if genuine . 
  [ the only reaction to this ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hlc8dlm.gif ), 
  vienna ; the singapore of europe . 
  kind of yes , except with much better coordinated effort and turks are not allies as much as the brits are ( yes i know the brits are very annoying , but they have a fair reason for being pissed off too ) . 
  wanting to limit suffering is always the goal - but you have to be realistic , if you let in everyone care you can provide per person will fall and you also allow people who are not genuine cheat the system which hurts those that are really trying to flee violence . 
  letting things go on the way they are now is madness, 
  people like you are the very worst , you are so incredibly dogmatic you call anyone who questions anything related to immigration far right wing as an attempt dismiss any concern . 
  german police have already been branded racist for simply trying to [ investigate . 
  ] ( http://metro.co.uk/2016/01/12/german-police-officer-we-cant-arrest-refugees-without-being-accused-of-racism-5618383/ ) i am pro vetted syrian immigration , as i really do want to provide those that need it a safe place . 
  but immigrant populations do not share the same values as us , middle eastern and north africans are [ seventeen times more likely to perpetrate sexual violence in finland than a native finn . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sexual_violence_in_finland#cite_note-maahanmuuttajat-21 ) people like you who are the ones who let people hide behind the shield of racism accusations and you should be ashamed of yourself . 
  we secure the border with turkey , and the south in general . 
  fence the land and patrol the seas if necessary and yes it will need military troops but not ones armed with live ammo . 
  we will have called turkeys bluff because you are very correct , that is exactly what they are doing right now - refusing to do anything until they get what they want . 
  once the border is secured we can vet those seeking asylum , genuine syrians fleeing can given asylum , their identities and fingerprints stored and given a location in europe where they will be housed . 
  i do agree it needs to be spread out , but it should n't be forced on people and not into camps ; spreading out will also aid integration massively . 
  if they do not want to go to [ random town in europe ] where housing and basic allowance will be provided then they are not welcome - we are there to provide them safety , not give them excellent lives in capitals . 
  once those that are either not genuine , want only to go to london , or are not even fleeing anything are refused at the eu border they will have no choice but to return to where they came from or be a burden to turkey . 
  turkey will suddenly be much more welcoming of help then . 
  fine we ca n't help those outside the eu if they refuse help , then it is their own problem , we can certainly protect our own borders around turkey . 
  yes there will probably need to be fences in places but . .  shoot everyone that comes across and hide ourselves from the real problems . 
  now you are just being moronic . 
  i see this conversation is going to go no further . 
  it must be easy having such a binary view of the world . 
  did a bit of googling , and it appears you are correct . 
  there is nothing to stop a bank from checking your debts and credit ratings in your previous country before something like a mortgage loan is given however . 
  helping people in need is no absolutely no way the same as open borders to everyone who feels like it . 
  you also have not commented on how only a proportion are actually syrian while other are north african , iraqi etc. 
  why is wanting to keep an accurate and safe control on the flow of people into your nation suddenly a bad thing . 
  can you please just tell me why you seem to see no other option than continuing to have open borders ? 
  iirc many credit ratings share payment info of unpaid debts across countries , otherwise i could take out a card in multiple countries across the eu and run up separate debts . 
  i do n't know exactly what countries are part of it but i suspect it 's most of the ` west ' as companies are * really * keen on not lending money to people to cheaply . 
  i know china is n't part of it because , well , its china and they have to be special . 
  no that is not the reality at all , that is utter nonsense . 
  we have every right to stop them before they enter eu borders ; it is other countries responsibility to stop them before the enter there 's if they are outside eu borders . 
  there is no reason we ca n't aid in border defence of non eu neighbours too however . 
  why should european nations be forced to accept that people can simply walk into their country and we have to shelter them when they have given no proof or evidence of their need , most immigrants are not even syrian for flip sake . 
  i genuinely can not understand how you do n't think we should stop being simply freely walking into the eu . 
  really ? 
  as a full us citizen not because your parents were german or something ? 
  did not know that . 
  that is not a logical argument . 
  you are saying that because i do n't want literally anyone walking freely into europe i am uncaring about the plight of those trapped in syria ; that is nonsense . 
  i said i want border controls and vetted immigration , i agree that the eu is making stupid decisions and massive manpower needs to be deployed along the southern border . 
  hell , i would support greece inciting article 5 of the nato treaty saying their borders are being attacked if it got them the resources they needed . 
   coming over the border they should n't be coming over the border freely at all . 
  people should be vetted before that happens , and ones that are accepted are always given roofs over their head . 
  i would be happy for the eu to fund mass camps in turkey , but turkey is playing this for political uses not humanitarian . 
  nope , i never said that at all , i also get the feeling users who comment such as you can see no grey and that there is only two options - let them all in or let no one in ; i genuinely do n't mean that as an insult btw . 
  i am in favour of large scale * vetted * immigration but i think the police should be free to collect statistics and investigate freely without being demonised for it and deportation is a fair punishment for such heinous crimes . 
  racism exists ; i do not doubt that but when you point blank refuse to compromise at all you are only making the situation worse . 
  and i know that the 10 % figure was just an example , but if that figure were roughly right that would be many orders of magnitude greater than the local population , would n't it then make sense to focus policing in that area ? 
  ~ ~ unless you are chinese unpaid bills could damage your credit rating china is not part of same banking network the rest of the world uses pretty much ~ ~ edit , i was wrong about credit ratings . 
  you may also be denied entry back to europe if the matter is reported to the police . 
  so we should just have no borders at all ? 
  i honestly can not believe this level of childishness .
