  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/raising_the_flag_on_iwo_jima#raising_the_second_flag ) this is a bunch of soldiers doing what all soldiers do - fuck about . 
  people need to calm their tits a little . 
  yes ... 
  they dramatically reduced in popularity post war , but they have existed since before america was discovered . 
  interesting factoid , the eu was originally going to use the same frequencies as the american gps system so that the usa could never turn off their system on us . 
  american 's promptly went mad at the idea and we unfortunately caved to pressure and used different band so that now separate systems . 
  im sure the us also , someone , has the capability to turn ours off however . 
  1cm is the encrypted level of accuracy though ? 
  that 's military applications only i presume , so is n't commercial . 
  this is very normal , immigrants tend to almost always be men - they get there and get home set up before they can bring their families . 
  i ca n't say how this effects the particularities of the asylum claims however . 
  this has been ` culturally up-cycled ' ( god i hate that phrase ) by pretentious american hipsters who feel that they are solving the worlds ill 's in their starbucks by going this . 
  i know a few baristas over stateside ( not sure if stabucks , but some big coffee joint ) and they say the amount of people who ask for free coffee is tiny in comparison to the amount that pay , so they effectively are giving a corporation free money and feeling that they are being all socialist style rebellious i guess . 
  the people that are most likely to avail of this free service , the very poor/homeless already do n't come to starbucks as they ca n't afford it or are actively removed from the malls by security . 
  it 's basically become slacktivism irl . 
  i have been wanting to head down there for years some night and just park the car up and lie on the bonnet and watch the stars - but it 's a fair good drive from antrim and the chance of cloud cover has always put me off :(, 
  in theory , a country with a coastline is infinitely big - as each time you increase the accuracy of the measurement you will increase the length of the coastline for ever . 
  the only thing that matters is that all countries use the same scale to measure their costline , so true comparisons can be made - which of course most do n't . 
  [ good veritasium vid on it here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_rw-ajqpcm&amp;ab_channel=veritasium ), 
  i did not know it was that jokingly tiny , i actually googled it to be sure you were n't taking the piss . 
  i hope its a work from type job then ... 
  still i think it may be intentionality that weak to court business interests , not saying that 's a good thing like . 
  americans love the irish and tend to prefer to base in native english countries from what i see , so the uk would be best if it 's tax was n't as high . 
  if they are going to pull a empty office hq move for tax outside of ireland , luxembourg is still he best bet . 
  and most importantly , irish data laws are some of the most ` business friendly ' in europe - low tax is not the only reason facebook and apple etc have huge data centres here . 
  ok not the most accurate description here but its basically correct . 
  do n't think of the alps as a single range but as the highest step on a staircase that descends all the way to central germany/europe . 
  every increase in elevation ( step ) distorts the wind coming in , repeat that over and over you end up with pockets of displaced air that comes in slowed down ( so turbines at base of alps would n't be useful ) and high intensity through the gaps in the ranges that is to fast for wind turbines to be useful . 
  makes it doubly ineffective . 
  contrast that with ireland and denmark , vast unbroken flat sea that results in powerful ( but not too powerful ) and steady wind provides constant , reliable source of rotational energy for the turbines . 
  also the prevailing wind comes from the north , north west so that area gets the most . 
  a mix of subsidies making them cheap , higher wealth in that area to a. afford them anyhow but mainly b. among the wealthier and higher educated it is seen as the current socially responsible `` thing to do '' . 
  it matters less for image purposes if they are actually effective than it does for displaying your social standing . 
  people are to quick to remove normal human nature and social constructions from environmental related issues . 
  without examining them you are using your resources in a less effective way i.e. 
  wind turbines in bavaria where the science says they are of poor yield when something that is less individually gratifying such as hydroelectric power dam would be better . 
  but at least they are trying i guess !, 
  i ca n't speak so much for india but in relation to china ; it 's widely accepted that it produces vast qualities of hugely plagiarised articles that artificially bump up a universities ranking there but that the substance and quality of the work is incredibly poor . 
  the result is while academics there look like they have an impressive list of publications to their name , almost all of them would be rejected if they were produced in the west . 
  that along with systematic and institutionalised acceptance of cheating ( xi jinping is trying to instigate reform to this right now ) results in people that are qualified on paper but do n't know jack in reality . 
  it 's sad , wanted to study in china but more i read and talked to friends there the more i realised it was nearly worthless except for a few top & subject specific universities such as harbin for engineering . 
  but do they want them to continue to grow to a level equivalent to the nation state , or even county level or remain in small communal gatherings of a few 100 to a few thousand ? 
  i have always heard them supporting around the latter level as the `` ideal '' limit to reorganisation ? 
  every time i have heard it mentioned it has been described ( even by the raping soldiers sometimes ) as ` playfully chasing polish girls around the house for a slap and a kiss ' type event where as the rapes in germany has always been just unbelievably brutal repeated gang rapes . 
  i honestly never can tell if the polish part is more propagandised to seem less harsh or was ( despite how bad it was for the polish women of course ) almost trivial in comparison to the unrelenting savagery on the germans . 
  the problem with anarchy is all it does ( in principle if applied perfectly ) is reset the clock on all the intuitions we have now , societal , governmental and political back to zero . 
  while this may have interesting short term results ( unlimited freedom or none depending on how you view it ) , to think that people will not start banding together into factions just like the ancient tribes did is ludicrous . 
  these anarchy groups tend to fetishize the `` communal societies '' despite them be hugely more war-like and much more likely to be dominated by a single or few powerful people than our current society ( trying my damndest to find the paper on this to link ) . 
  it 's like a silly extreme version of the us idea of `` burn it down and start again '' to political change . 
  what are you , finnish ? 
  now now , do n't get your dirndl in twist , i 'm only teasing !, 
  i 'm just saying each way switzerland did pretty well out of the whole thing !, 
  anyway 's , im from the north of ireland , so island or not we were part or the uk wwii effort and were not neural like the south was , 
  i know it 's awful !, 
  i mean if you look to long you might even see the places where you got all that nazi gold from that you would prefer to imagine never existed !, 
  switzerland got rich though hard work ethic , nothing else !, 
  go back to you mountain fortress , [ fascist !, 
  ] ( http://www.theartofslowtravel.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/08/svp2007-black-sheep-poster1.jpg ) ^ ^ ^ only ^ ^ ^ kidding, 
  from what i hear from women its a confusing combination of women smoking because it reduces appetite and so they stay thinner and on the other spectrum entirely it 's women who have the attitude that society should n't have any say in how they act at all . 
  so yea , odd combination of thinking i guess . 
  we can defenestrate him as a capitalist roader just like deng xiaoping 's son !, 
  oh joy glorious comrade, 
  because in california there is not enough surface water for the population at all , it has been sourced from groundwater aquifers for a long time and it is a finite resource that is becoming depleted now . 
  california 's is literally a desert climate similar to the middle east where as all the eu nations highlighted on this map are oceanic climates that do not have water ( rain ) shortages at all . 
  always relevant [ xkcd , ] ( https://xkcd.com/1217/ ) as far as i can tell this was n't a animal/human trail , it 's pretty easy to kill lots of stuff in a petri dish . 
  it it works in real life applications , now that will be a big find . 
  i think that this map is conflating some european countries shitty/outdated infrastructure that fails to meet modern demands or has high leakage to ` scarcity ' . 
  i 'm pretty sure there is ample water in all of the eu countries marked yellow/orange if we really wanted to spend the money and build enough reservoirs . 
   northern ireland 's another planet \u0ca0_\u0ca0 hand over more of your nice english money and we will forget this insult . 
  ulster scott 's : add harsh mid-ulster accent and slang to the english text . 
  i freaked out a good polish friend of mine when i was asked in polish to move my chair to let someone pass by . 
  i just guessed the meaning from the situation , but for about 10 seconds my friend thought i was amazing . 
  pastry white irish guy here . 
  i 'm pretty sure we got the first/highest levels of whiteness back 8000 years ago , that or we have perfected it since then . 
  while there is certainly an argument for paying for what you use , the economies of scale in nationalised water management are huge ( when it 's not scare ) , which will cancel out some of the benefit of the charges . 
  for example millions of meters will have to be installed and read constantly which means lots of vans doing call outs . 
  also , worth noting that the taxes would n't be lowered to account for water being removed from the government budget ( big surprise i know ) . 
  ireland is not a nation with water shortages ( lack of reservoirs maybe ) domestic consumption is n't a huge drain in general . 
  my understanding is this - wool keeps its thermal properties when wet so stays warm when walking though wet grass/puddles/marshy areas . 
  having socks separate from the rest of the clothing keeps water from being drawn up via capillary action and so the kilt stays dry . 
  of course would work with shorts too . 
  pretty normal republic thing , i mean it makes sense in one way , stops your political enemies trying to stop you through non-democratic means . 
  it is of course open to abuse ; see most of ancient rome . 
  the m1 abrams is actually horribly expensive tank , no other country has bought them apart from australia ( political reasons i believe ) , it also burns through fuel like nothing else = longer supply convoys . 
  the german leopard 2 is a cheaper and superior tank in almost all ways , 
  do n't worry , if there is ever nuclear war i 'm sure one will be delivered to you anyway . 
  just think of it as having one in storage ( silo ) somewhere :p, 
  well at least we came to * some * common ground . 
  good discussion , more than i was expecting on here !, 
  and american 's say they do n't have propaganda , hah . 
  your comment 's were pretty childish and just being contrary ; i do n't think they are worth a retort . 
  it 's worse than bland , it 's repellent :(, 
  uht milk tastes simply terrible - it 's not really milk any more imo . 
  if you grew up drinking fresh pasteurised milk , and many people here ( especially men it seems ) drink 1 or two large glass of fresh milk daily you simply can not drink uht milk ` straight ' like that , i can barely use it on my cornflakes withought feeling gross . 
  you almost cant find it even if you wanted to buy it in the uk and ireland so i guess those percentages are from manufactured drinks like milkshakes and commercial food manufacturing and not people actually buying plain uht milk . 
  typical dutch , focusing on this part instead of the important milk part !, 
  i agree that a nuclear armed country is exactly as threatening , but i honestly think the west believed it had subdued russia to such an extent that it has essentially pacified it and was riding high on it 's inflated ego . 
  i ca n't see how they would not see increasing any western influence in ukraine as something that would anger russia because the very strong precedent of nato following very quickly after . 
  for example , much of the eu and uk foreign office type institutions had gutted it 's russian speaking workers because they felt they were no longer need . 
  how can you rationalise that other than them seeing russia as not an important player any more ?
