  come on m8 ... but good knowledge anyway . 
  the flag is very politically divisive ; it was the flag of a government where catholics were oppressed and only flown today by unionists/protestants . 
  shit 's complicated . 
  the ` northern ireland flag ' is not actually the northern ireland flag ; it has n't been official since 1973 . 
  it 's just nothing has replaced it as the topic is to divisive . 
  i think you might be out of luck , you definitely need one grandparent to be an irish citizen , though that is anywhere on the island , north or south i think . 
  m8 we do n't even have a flag , you ca n't take our flair !, 
  and i do n't think the last time englishmen came to northern ireland went to well !, 
  anyhow , we are all dual nationals so if you brits leave ; sod ya - i still have my irish passport :p, 
  [ relevant monty python ] ( https://giant.gfycat.com/silkyboringhorsechestnutleafminer.gif ), 
  it 's awesome i love it loads , there are loads of little great things like freedom to travel , freedom to work anywhere , having many friends all across the eu now , but these are side benefits . 
  the eu is the next level of governance ; communication and technology have massively reduced perceived distances , why should we limit the size of a group of people to a hundreds of years old idea of what a nation state is when all they had were horses and printing . 
  the nation state is not some golden ratio for governance , it 's only what was possible with old technology and what we have become used to . 
  europe is far , far better of for the eu 's existence , we are more connected , more competitive , more influential and better of socially and governmentally for it , we have gotten so used to it we take it for granted to often . 
  as more people from different countries mingle and have kids the roots of the eu will only go deeper , no new government style ever had an easy birth and we are still in the early years of the eu . 
  sure it 's got plenty of problems , and there are a tonne of things that drive me crazy about it ; but you find me one person that thinks their national government is perfect and you 've found a liar . 
  no one seems to think that a national government being crap is a logical reason for no government ; i do n't see how the eu is any different . 
  the eu is a convenient bogeyman for all nations politicians to blame when things go bad ; but the truth is it 's the politicians who are bad not the organisation , becoming more insular wo n't stop that - it will only make it worse . 
  edit : thanks for the gold fellow european !, 
  united in diversity is literally the eu motto . 
  it 's not only possible ; it 's been done by india and china , both of their carriers are old retrofitted soviet ones . 
  ( india has a british built one too that was sold as is but its getting decommissioned soon as it 's from 1950 ) but your getting a second rate , old and used ship . 
  it 's also questionable if it would be worth it in an advanced economy were wages for extensive retrofitting may be higher than actually building a new one . 
   to take full advantage of multimedia content , you must have the flash plugin installed in your browser . 
  haha ; no . 
  cool ship , crap website design . 
  sounds fair . 
  it 's not like they are going to force an abortion on the mother ; but it 's effectively saying the man would rather abort the baby than be a father ; if the mother feels definitely then it nullifies his responsibility to the baby . 
  why should the male be locked into a 18 year financial and supportive obligation due to an accident with contraception when the mother is free to choose one way or the other ? 
  northern irelander here ; he basically has to say this - his party sinn fein have refused to take there seats as mp 's in westminster for ages . 
  immediately after a brexit there will be little desire for it , however if things start getting worse economically for us , and if scotland ends up leaving the uk over it then i see a decent chance of us leaving the uk . 
  until then , shut up and lets try to keep the peace shall we . 
  small drones have pretty soft blades , and talons are hard . 
  would n't be possible on larger commercial drones with carbon fibre blades though , that would snap that poor birds legs . 
  i would n't be surprised that if this becomes a common way to stop drones that laws are brought in to require consumer grade ones blades to be flexible enough blades and/or low revs enough to not hurt a hawk . 
  when you consider that often a single ship out of several surviving the trip to and back from the the far east with some of these spices and wares could pay for the entire enterprise with a nice profit as well it 's no wonder they wanted to keep control so much . 
  the closest thing we have today in value that is not actually really scarce that you can compare it to is printer ink ; imagine one company had a near monopoly on it - a single tanker would be worth # 25bn roughly ( assuming 1ml ink = # 1 and tanker size = 25 million litre capacity ), 
  hah limburg ; it took me all of two weeks in flanders to start hearing jokes about you guys . 
  i 'm no longer part of the uk ? 
  crap when did that happen ... 
  i only looked away for 5 min !, 
  dutch . 
  it 's like someone put english and german in a blender and then reduced the speaking speed to 80 %, 
  ok , northern ireland native here ; let me state simply - those are not borders in any definition of the term . 
  those are localised barriers between flashpoints i.e. 
  the street connection of one housing estate onto an other . 
  if you walk 100m either direction you can get around them ; they are there to allow police to maintain control of areas via blockading roads during incidents . 
  you can even see how short they are in the aerial photos . 
  the exit festival is actually a huge music gig in serbia every year ... 
  it 's the british way , nothing is ever good and we enjoy complaining about it . 
  i agree , but i am saying it still does have huge influence , not that it simply thinks it does . 
  uk in general : pros : * diversity . 
  although it ranges from extremely diverse in london , birmingham etc. 
  to no diversity - northern ireland * everyone is pessimistic * people are civilised here ( know how to queue ) * tea is ubiquitous * sterling still pretty good * uk punches way beyond it 's weight in global affairs and trade * we do n't smoke anywhere near as much as you euros ( stares at greece ! ), 
  cons : * it 's been ruled by the same upper-class elite since the norman invasion . 
  * people read/trust tabloids to much * people demonise the poor , [ the class system very much still exists ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2k1ird2f-c ) * population is ageing , it 's bleeding the nhs dry and no one young person will ever be able to afford to buy a house anywhere close to the south * people think the eu is the boogy-man * the english can be twats sometimes edit : genuinely confused why this is getting down voted ? 
  woo , violence + violence = peace right ? 
  right guys ? 
  but they are not employment dependant are they ? 
  like if you are unemployed in the uk student loans payments are not made . 
  the level of debt tripped just a few years ago however , its awful now . 
  they are not , about 8 % are female on male [ source ] ( http://www.statcan.gc.ca/pub/85f0033m/2010024/t001-eng.htm ) coulpled with the fact courts are far , far more lenient on women , with 1/3 the conviction rate of men [ source ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/380090/women-cjs-2013.pdf ) and that people have outdated ideas like you leads to assaults on men going under punished . 
  men also do n't report physical assaults by 2/3rd because people like you are so venomous , even twisting it entirely and blaming the men . 
  [ source ] ( http://link.springer.com.sci-hub.io/article/10.1007/s10896-012-9482-9 ) im really done now , i have provided you several sources and you have done nothing but be contrarian without backing up any statements so you can continue with your beliefs regardless . 
  probably because men have a much heavier societal need to be masculine , where as women 's societal pressures to act a certain way has reduced and modernised ( which is positive ) . 
  these people who have assaulted you , which i am genuinely sorry for , probably did it because they subscribe to outdated ideas of masculinity , ones you are helping maintain by refusing to think the image of men need to improve . 
  i do n't know what your orientation is , but i sure have had a lot of women bitch at me for being a pussy etc. 
  i would be shocked if at least some of the men that assault you were not encouraged to do it by female friends/partners sometimes too ( people tend to share the same prejudices as their partner . 
  i did answer your question , legally women can not rape . 
  there is also the obvious practicality of it . 
  one penis to multiple women does n't really work because regardless if how little the man wanted it or not he will cum at some point and a pause will be needed . 
  women can be abused without pause . 
  because men are physically stronger than women , there is no doubt of that and the few who are bad , they can more easily assert their will over women and children . 
  the centuries old legal definition of rape is also only male based as it involves penetration , from a time when men were permitted to beat women . 
  women can not be convicted of rape even if the force the male to have sex . 
  and do n't you dare say ` he got it up , he must have wanted it ' . 
  women are very often aroused and wet/lubricated during rape ; does not mean they wanted to do it . 
  because we live in a society where people such as yourself view men as the constant aggressors despite evidence , when men sexually assault women and children they are treated as the monsters they are , but when women do it to men and boys are told how lucky they are and they must have wanted it . 
  i could give you a dozens examples of female teachers sleeping with boys that got off with minor sentences if at all but perhaps just one link will do it - a ' [ top 10 were 7 are female ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/12/26/teacher-sex-scandals-2013_n_4392614.html ) ' ... 
  i 'm done talking . 
  this is depressing . 
  not answering the question because it would hurt your argument , got ta . 
  no , you are not expanding it ` slightly ' you are expanding it about more than 50 times to include people who hold widely different ideas about the world . 
  i 'm not angry , i am annoyed that your so reactionary that anything involving peoples of a slightly different skin tone than you is somehow automatically racist . 
  people are equal , ideas are not . 
  i really do n't care what sex you are , if you refuse to think the image of men needs to be modernised and you refute basic figures when they are given to you your just as sexist as anyone . 
  plenty of women did not want the vote - does n't mean they were right . 
  so it 's ok to discriminate against 50 % of the population simply because they share they share one characteristic with offenders ? 
  guess you are ok with white only zones in america then too ? 
  they are more likely to commit a crime than a white person , surely it 's safer to keep them separated ? 
  im really not trying to take this to extremes , because i do n't have to , you/the organisers already did . 
  50 % of the population excluded - that is insane , simply change men to any ethnicity or even women and i bet you would not feel the same . 
  geez that 's odd , last time i checked geographical regions were not actually people . 
  peoples skin colour has no effect on their minds , but their culture and education does . 
  the prevailing belief in many * countries * in the area are that lgbt people should be killed . 
  you ok with that then too ? 
  your so desperate to make this about sex because it 's the broadest brush you can possibly tar people with . 
  you just refuse to give up your prejudice even when you are confronted with facts - you are a sterling example of how selfish and ignorant people are ; the lgbt community has suffered great hardships because of peoples wrong opinions that they refused to change . 
  you would think you would understand discrimination better but you still think that a baby that is born male this second is destined to be violent and aggressive simply because of his genitalia . 
  your an awful person .
