  haha , * looks at the curtains he installed in his room in belgium * , am i dragging this place backwards in time ? 
  seriously though , those shutters are really not a thing in the uk and ireland in residential properties , i think a lot of people would n't like them either . 
  i dearly wish they would connect the train line directly to the airport there so i would n't have to swap for the shuttle bus at the train station :(, 
  i mean you more resemble the dutch culture etc. 
  than you do the french . 
  i meant you are similar to the dutch , not that you actually like them . 
  ahh come on !, 
  we can totally discuss greek debt over some beer or extra points for apfelwein !, 
   why would russia agree to have its entire black sea fleet encircled by a nato signatory country ? 
  this is my point kind of , russia would not have agreed , but the level of hubris of the west and nato was so high that would n't have cared how russia felt as until recently they saw russia as incapable of doing anything meaningful to stop them . 
  the west and especially certain sectors of america were so gun-hoe they thought they could do whatever they wanted and run roughshod over anyone ( like russia ) who tried to stop them , because , and i feel im over using this phrase but it 's a good description ; `` what where they going to do to stop us anyway '', 
  it depends on your personality , if you are interested in history or modern art it 's awesome . 
  it also has great party scene but it can be hard for a tourist there for only a few days to find them as they are a little , umm bohemian ? 
  they tend to be in odd places so if you have a friend or contact in the city the party bit is much better . 
  belgians have these too . 
  when i first arrived i was extremely confused because in the uk and ireland you only ever see these on commercial buildings . 
  i still ca n't quite figure out their logic - thermal insulation would be comparable to heavy curtains inside and security on ground floor is usually with a few steel bars . 
  the shutters make me feel like im in zombie apocalypse . 
   germany : special kind of german logical drunk but slightly happier haha totally this . 
  i love getting into far too serious conversations about geopolitics etc. 
  when getting drunk and the germans are awesome for this , 
  flanders - your supposedly like the dutch , but you drink horrible uht milk like the french . 
  not acceptable !, 
  i do n't think it would have been that big of a deal to them prior before 2014 to be honest . 
  i think the russians would have been allowed to remain their fleets already stationed there for some amount of time under the pretence of following the agreements already made , heck maybe even have given them some autonomy over crimea for a while . 
  then slowly over time things would have been ratcheted up to make russian operations more and more difficult there to the point of becoming untenable . 
  prior to 2014 i think there was a huge feeling of russia being impotent and a c-rate power , especially in america ( much as this article tries to show ) and if they did n't like it what where they going to do about it anyhow ? 
  well , unfortunately for all involved and terrible civilian suffering , putin showed what he was going to do about it . 
  edit : spelling, 
  yet none of those countries were an old ssr , and every eu member today that was under ` the iron curtain ' is a nato member . 
  so while finland may be a decent example due to it 's war with the young ussr the other 's are a bit of a moot point in regard to nato encroachment . 
  i do n't think the requirements would be all that high at all if the events of the last year had n't happened . 
  while i do n't see much chance of ukraine joining nato now , i think it could have easily been a matter of course for it to integrate further into the ` western ' fold ; if russia had not reacted , and indeed , reacted so violently - ( which i deplore , but see it as a rat in a corner kind of response ) ukraine could have very easily copied the baltic model . 
  come on , that 's a little naive , nato membership could be pretty quick to follow eu membership just like in the baltic 's . 
  even kissinger said something to the effect of is 300 miles from moscow , it would be like the chinese taking over ottawa , usa would n't just let that slide if the chinese said , oh it 's nothing personal so you should n't be offended . 
  nato is inherently anti-russian , and now russia is lashing out at it being encroached on when there was an ` understanding ' when the nukes were removed from ukraine after 91 ' that nato would n't expand to ukraine . 
  look i like ukraine and i would like it to come to the eu , i think that would be the best improvement economically and socially for them , but to say that it 's not provoking to russia so they should n't be annoyed is rather presumptuous and frankly dangerous . 
  i know it 's asking a lot , but perhaps do n't shower me in down-votes for going against the flow and instead discuss this ? 
  because it has a huge nuclear arsenal and belittling russia even more is only going to lead an even more nationalistic leader in an angry country who does n't have full control over them in the future . 
  should russia be allowed to invade ukraine without rebuff ? 
  should we treat them like they are meaningless until they feel they need to prove they are not ? 
  also no . 
  dan carlin has a good episode on it , number [ 288 `` re-heating the cold war ] ( http://www.dancarlin.com/common-sense-home-landing-page/ ) edit : anyone else feel slightly disturbed by literally being told ` how to think ' ? 
  if you post that to tumblr you will make the website implode . 
  imo it does n't should natural / correct in english . 
  it just feels a unpleasant to say , it kind of makes your brain stutter . 
  czech republic or simply czech is much more pleasant . 
  very true , it 's definitely progressed a lot , i 'm the generation that grew up after the peace process and so it was n't even ` bad ' when i was young and even i can see the improvement . 
  economy is still pretty uncompetitive and we need lots of your nice free english money to keep afloat but quality of life is high and most things are cheap ( belfasts rent per month was what some of my friends pay a week in manchester nearly ) . 
  were still doing what ireland as a whole has done for ages though , been an exporter of people with good education to other countries economies . 
  speaking personally , it 's just too damn small for me though . 
  lets be honest , that 's a game that would be made in japan . 
  if someone there has n't already made that game , their will be some guy in tokyo working on it now . 
  northern ireland * cheap * comfortable * rural * dull * insular, 
  an other guy from n.i. 
  here , yup pretty much agree , totally want to move away , spent last two years outside the country and do n't miss much . 
  having said that , public services are actually pretty good in n.i. 
  ( as long as we keep getting that free english money that is ) and the cost of living is cheap as hell compared to the high quality of life . 
  it 's a bleak but comfortable place i find , good quality education too , and yes belfast is one ugly provincial level city . 
  for me n.i. 
  's biggest problem is it 's so very insular , but i guess there is good historical context to that . 
  additionally , once you get outside of northern europe of god how much you miss our quality of milk . 
  we do n't give a shit about it in the first place , nationalism is seen as moronic in most of the western world outside the usa . 
  hahahahaha ... go back to thedonald mate . 
   are more concerned with who you are than where you came from . 
  yeah ; americans are not at all famous for a fanatical interest in proclaiming their lineage to various ancestor countries at all . 
  this has got to be a troll comment right ? 
  flip sake , when will people stop falling for these stupid articles . 
  obvious forced perspective picture is obvious . 
  i think your more optimistic about politicians that me haha . 
  they are all grey to me . 
  while i do n't disagree in theory , i just do n't think the most defining characteristic about someone is their sex . 
  i 'd say a current male politician has a lot more in common with a woman of similar age and economic status than those in the poorest sections of society wether male or female . 
  i 'm sure plenty gets overlooked for them too . 
  getting a well educated career politician who happens to be a female is a marginal increase in representative power of the general population if any imo . 
  my point was more that we should n't be making assumptions about either sex based on the small amount of human beings that want to become politicians . 
  i agree , hence the ' ' . 
  but i 'd argue it 's actually the more extreme feminists that are the most vocally against prostitution , seeing it all as violence by men upon women . 
  remember when it was because the sexist men did n't understand the female body but were legislating on it was the excuse ? 
  it 's almost refreshing to see that politicians regardless of sex care just as little . 
  makes you remember it 's the politicians not their genitals that are the problem . 
   that 's the default state . 
  notice that if you knock woman up while you 're not married , it 's her who has to go to court and pay for paternity tests . 
  i do n't believe that is how it works in the uk . 
  it 's usually the csa who simply decide on the matter and it 's up to the male to fight back even if they were n't married . 
  it 's an interesting time however because most of these anti prostitution laws are supported by ` feminists ' who seem fine making laws on what other women can do . 
  it looks like since once the legislators have the same genitals their choice does n't matter any more ... 
  this is n't in court ; this is to the civil service who automatically assume the male is a liar is my point . 
  in a disputed case the dna test should be taken as a matter of course and the false party issued with the fee afterwards . 
  why is n't the burden of proof on the mother then ? 
  onus probandi to the male in a he says/she says is incredibly sexist . 
  as the article says , it 's surprisingly low . 
  the whole system is stacked against fathers even questioning the paternity . 
  the father is even made to pay out of pocket for a dna test when he tells child maintenance it 's not his child , the man is always assumed to be the liar . 
  well of course ; the people who own most of the newspapers are the ones most involved in this type of stuff . 
  that 's almost irrelevant though because it still makes the business they operate in illegal . 
  whether or not the will get arrested is not the point ; the point is it will drive prostitution deeper underground and make them more vulnerable to criminal gangs and abuse . 
  we should be aiming for the german model not the scandinavian one . 
  i would be sad to see it go through but lets be real , a lot of poland is really catholic - i 'm sure there is plenty of support for the ban . 
  i used to joke to my polish friends that the taking in of middle eastern refugees would actually dilute the level of religious fanaticism in poland .
