  the mainstay of argentina 's claim on the faklands is that the population that voted on the sovereignty were implanted british and thus not truly representative . 
  this however is a dumb point because there were zero natives on the island when it was first discovered by europeans . 
  the spanish were/are probably encouraged to say the pro-argentine version because gibraltar pisses of spain continuously and it 's thus a way to de-legitimise british control of islands . 
  however this has the massively irony blinkers of ceuta and melilla that morocco has the exact same type of issue with spain on . 
  it 's basically a giant game of ` fuck you i want it more ' and my enemies enemy is my friend . 
  because people ; including yourself , are shit are seeing shades of grey , reducing everything to black and white . 
  everyone classes everyone else into one of two groups : anti-immigration racist islamophobes vs. hyper-pc , over-educated and monied enough to be isolated from economic hurt immigrants can cause in the short to medium term . 
  sure there are racists , no doubt - just like there are anarchists encouraging vulnerable people to charge international borders to further their agendas . 
  there are a multitude of real and pressing issues with the current un-vetted , free-for-all immigration that is going on in the eu now and your horribly loaded question of `` i for one think we should not let fear decide which party we vote for or who get 's to go and who get 's to stay . 
  people should remain rational . '', 
  shows how you are already deciding that anyone who disagrees with you is thus irrational , even if this was subconscious . 
  i strongly suggest you read further on generating non-biased & non-leading survey questions if you are a social work student . 
  to get back to the point : no one likes there national borders being open to any random ` er who want 's to stroll into it , the failure of the eu to secure it and properly vet refugees is adding fuel to the fire of people feeling their welcoming and generosity is getting exploited . 
  if syrian refugees were all vetted and properly documented and handled there would be significantly less backlash because now there are mixed in with lots of purely economic migrants . 
  the eu is not an infinite pool of jobs and resources we can give out to the rest of the world - we have a duty to prioritise the genuine and most needing , open borders is making this a mockery . 
  sounds shitty ; who want 's to be paid in a sporadic unreliable currency when you have rent to pay . 
   compassion fatigue , also known as secondary traumatic stress ( sts ) , is a condition characterized by a gradual lessening of compassion over time . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/compassion_fatigue ) no surprise ; merkel swings to the public mood and the public has gone from overwhelmingly welcoming at the start to seeing the numbers rise and seeing the negative effect the massive numbers are having on peoples lives in general . 
  humans have a limited capacity to care before you become hardened to the world . 
  wait ; so the us is saying how business can be done in cuba now ? 
  colony attempt mark 2 ? 
  push virgins into it of course !, 
  better cooked than awkward first time sex xd, 
  i 'd rather have a slag please . 
  no joke ; the gases released from the shit in sewers is quite warm . 
  take a trip out into the countryside any decent distance from a major town and every kid runs around with pen-knives . 
  we survived millennia with them - they are n't instant killing devices like guns , a cut ( which you will get plenty of ) soon teaches you to be careful . 
  grew up playing with knives and eating roast meat and cheese from a kitchen knife , all fingers still attached . 
  pork i can get , but 2/3 do n't contain cheese ??? 
  if you see that behaviour as excusable in any way today then that 's deplorable . 
  anyone attacking the police from either side should be hit with the full force of the law . 
  wise your head dude ; bloody sunday , operation demetrius , b specials , gerrymandering , baring catholics from jobs and government positions the list goes on and on of the injustices onto the nationalist population . 
  we had the good friday agreements to move on from all that shit and it was supported by over 70 % of the population who agreed on it . 
  there is no excuse to be acting like a pack of cunts today regardless what side you are from ; move the fuck on and do n't try dragging the whole nation backwards with you . 
  haha , we too have our version of [ that !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xckdld0om8s ), 
  ghardaia goes pretty dark ; i knew the berber 's were fighting the arabs there but damn . 
  serious question , is there a possibility for a vote of no confidence in government in polish law ? 
  in the uk the government can be dissolved early that way and an other election made . 
  that 's your question ? 
  my question is how the fuck did someone who got caught making a pipe bomb get hold of an ak ? 
  the uk is keenly aware that it 's lager-lout tourists are a bunch of dick heads ; it had been confined to the coasts of spain and parts of greece for decades until cheap flights on budget airlines opened up cities like krakow , tallinn and riga to the onslaught . 
  even with the euro your alcohol and accommodation is still very cheap so that encourages them . 
  im northern irish so i would n't know :'(, 
  in all honesty i do think it is a very hard language ; german was much easier . 
  though in large part my failings have been down to sheer laziness . 
  but your right about the polish people being encouraging ; they really are !, 
  the poles ( and chinese actually too ) are super excited and helpful when i try to speak the language , vs. the french being disappointed by how bad it is and the dutch confused as to why i would try haha . 
  also , somewhat randomly - my best polish friend is also from silesia too , 
  i get the feeling turkey * might * just * maybe * want to be part of the eu with us from that pic ? 
  my ancestors did n't puke until they gained the ability to digest milk for nothing !, 
  milk for one , milk for all !, 
  northern european stomach stronk . 
  i know . 
  it 's because ` my enemies enemy is my friend ' . 
  irish republicans/catholics kind of seen a brother in arms with palestine ; a small nation being bullied and occupied by a larger more powerful one . 
  also , the irish defence forces have long been stationed in lebanon as part of un peacekeeping , they are seen quite favourably by the arab community there as a number have been killed during israeli offensives ( not by the israelis themselves but their allies ) ; i believe there is even a gaeilge football team in beirut . 
  so ; not to be outdone when one side raised the palestinian flag , the other side ( the loyalist/protestants ) raised the israeli flag . 
  and thus the political lines were drawn . 
  flags are complicated here . 
  :( do n't you think i have suffered enough haha, 
  dude , turn your lights down a little bit ok ? 
  i ca n't really put it into words but they are just incompatible with my brain :(, 
  [ hardly banned now are they ? 
  ] ( https://jakubmarian.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/number-of-guns-per-capita-new.jpg ) we just do n't let anyone get them nor let people carry them around because trolls like you with mental issues would be dangerous . 
  i honestly do n't know what they expect europe to do beyond what it already is . 
  we are not going to arm jews like israel does , besides i bet they are a hell of a lot more danger in israel than the eu . 
  obviously anti-semitism should be cracked down on hard and i hope the majority stay ; but this is panic-mongering . 
  * swaps to his second passport * ah hah , ca n't keep me out , 
  oh sorry , cases not tenses . 
  no way there are like 7 tenses ? 
  that 's inhuman !, 
  if learning polish was easy every guy here would have done it already because of polish women . 
  user interface . 
  correct ? 
  was merkel visiting that day ? 
  you can turn nuclear waste into glass now ; this means zero leakage into the ground . 
  still requires large-scale and secure ( in a mountain basically ) confinement though . 
  there would need to be a centralised depot in the eu for it . 
  * waits for people talking about polish * not even my language ; but god damn . 
  nice but if you want some genuine criticism : song ? 
  american boy about a vid on london bit odd imo , try something at least a bit english . 
  the taxi shots are a bit overdone and drag on as is the red phone boxes ; those 3 together at 1.56 look depressing . 
  the flip/swipe to new views is really nice , its much better than the zooming in and out of the same perspective later in the video . 
  try the last couple of decades of us foreign policy for starters . 
  hahah your funny . 
  our problem ? 
  the us brought isis to power with it 's shitty short slighted policies but they get to sit in splendid isolation from the results throwing rocks from their tower for others not cleaning up their mess well enough . 
  hah , easy to say that when your nation is thousands of miles away doing nothing about it . 
  i 'll take your little moral treatise more seriously when you pressure the us take a decent number of refugees ok ? 
  no excuse for revealing in other peoples misery , even if they are roma and you do n't want to give because it 's probably just a racket you have no reason to act like this . 
  pretty disturbing . 
  taking lessons from the british i see then . 
  it 's macedonia to everyone except greeks because no one has time to say ` former yugoslav republic of ' the same way no one says the united states of america when talking about the us . 
  the greeks should have settled on a shorter preamble for the name if they wanted it to stick . 
  the equivalent in english is simply ` enjoy ' . 
  so many sea warriors in ireland , we should set sail and raid finland , they will never hear us coming and then we can make latvia our little ~ ~ birch ~ ~ bitch . 
  firmly split yeah , you could say either nationalist or catholic and it would be the same and vice versa . 
  yeah younger people are a massively ` softened ' form if it , still know all about it but anyone who is n't a chav does n't give a crap about violence any more . 
   do you really need it to be approved by the state to be your flag ?
