  i think large scale * vetted * immigration is good and we should try to help , but you just cant let everyone in , that is madness . 
  most human beings are good people , and that apples to both native europeans and to middle eastern immigrants . 
  however the same values are not shared by all people , and their are many opinion polls showing how much these immigrants hate homosexuals and consider death to be the correct response to leaving islam . 
  however you are right we ca n't say how many immigrants are like this or are criminals in general , because even making lists is deemed too offensive . 
  it was to easily blamed on men in general instead of those who actually did it . 
  those that scream injustice and racism would rather slander all men in europe than be grown up . 
  while i agree it 's possible the uk may dissolve as scotland leaves , england will do fine out of the eu economically . 
  think it will be bad for the citizens though . 
  northern ireland will be a bigger head ache - half a billion euro of eu funding will suddenly end for us , maybe the south will agree to take us if they can get some of that sweet , sweet euro monies funnelled back in for ` cooperation ' huh ? 
  this is going to build up and build up until sometime terrible happens . 
  the police , government and local authorities are totally hamstrung to take action for fear of being condemned as racists . 
  people are all equal , but ideas and attitudes are not . 
  your right there is no legal obligation , nor is there any obligation to give favourable terms to them . 
  the eu can be as cut-throat with them as they wish and it 's legally fine . 
  the point was czech republic got free money for joining the eu . 
  it would be extremely selfish to have gleefully accepted that money and then want to leave after you got it . 
  they could do it of course ; they have the right too , but it would damage relations . 
  you seem to find the eu acting in it 's self interest terms as punitive yet find it acceptable when the czech republic does it . 
  the whole point of interrail is you can go anywhere you want at any time without reservations ( mostly ) . 
  it 's one journey per entry , so that is the same as amsterdam to brussels as it is from paris to berlin . 
  you also did n't say if you have the unlimited travel option or set limit one . 
  do your research on-line , no one here has any idea what you will like , for example would you rather take a train to bergen in norway and see the fjords or party in barcelona ; only you can answer that . 
  europe has more than you will ever be able to see ; find what you want to do on line . 
  belfast is literally one of the safest cities in the uk according to the british crime survey , odd it is in this list . 
  with the exception of norway they are n't getting the same fees as locals you know ? 
  they are charged international fees , that is multiple times what citizens pay , for example chinese students fund a shocking amount of uk universities income . 
  us universities are just so astronomically inflated in cost that european ones are a much better investment ; that is a competitive advantage for us . 
  because it 's no where near that simple , there are a huge amount of policies that need to need to be agreed on . 
  switzerland does n't just sign one bit of paper and there is free trade , regulations about many different things need to be agreed on , there are hundreds of bilateral agreements and they are updated and renewed often . 
  the czech republic does n't have the economic power to have any leverage over these negotiations - if they just want the free trade then it 's a business deal , why should the eu not fight for it 's own interests ? 
  also the czech republic has received billions of euros in aid from the eu , if the left would n't it be fair for the eu to say they are owed it ? 
  in a very crude analogy the government does n't pay for your education as a youth and then you say ` cool thanks , im not going to pay you my tax though ' . 
  the eu a mutually beneficial union , in the eu a more developed czech republic means a better eu , if they are not in the eu why should they be expected to have it 's best interests at heart when they do n't care about the eu ? 
  it 's the fetishisation of poverty as a spiritual purity kind of thing . 
  there is an odd inverse relation between wealth and education and desire for a ` simple existence ' , but only when they have the wealth to live that life without the real concerns of people who live that way . 
  it exists even within nations and western europe as a whole , iv ' e lost count of the amount of city people who have told me how much they would love to move to the country and own chickens because i come from a rural area . 
  yes the countryside is pretty , but it sucks being 40 minutes from the hospital and having no services within miles of you . 
  also real farming is so far removed from their idealistic idea of their ` play farm ' that it 's ridiculous - farming animals when you need to make a living from them is very hard work . 
  it 's not even a new idea either - lederhosen ; once were a really basic , simple peasant working clothes but then the monied business classes began to copy them in a supposed desire to get back to their roots . 
  of course they did n't want to wear rough cut , ragged clothes so they became very well embroidered and expensive ; yet still keeping the illusion of being humble in their minds . 
  do n't really agree to be honest , if the uk got the trade part it would manage just fine . 
  i think it would be terrible for many other reasons and we should n't leave ; but the economy would n't tank that much . 
  no more of [ this !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/wdqayc1sr7g?t=1m22s ) seriously though if the uk does leave , it will probably be one of the biggest steps forward for eu integration , that 's assuming of course it does n't implode from the current crisis . 
  i generally like merkel ; she is one of the most competent and intelligent leaders in the eu . 
  but the fact that she made the unilateral decision to allow unfettered immigration in a blatant attempt to stem the ageing populations effect on her economy is one of the most destabilising things that has happened to the eu in decades and is utterly ridiculous . 
  i say this as someone who is in favour of large scale * vetted * immigration from syria , i think it will be a long term benefit to europe , but you ca n't allow one leader to basically nullify the whole border of the eu and then have the audacity to tell other nations to accept their ` fair share ' of the immigrants . 
  merkel bit off more than she can chew here and a lot of the eu is angry enough that they wo n't be cowed by the flow of german euros or threat of it 's removal any more . 
  to be blunt , is the czech republic wealthy enough to go it alone ? 
  as of 2013 they received a net amount of 3.4 bn euro ( 2013 ) , about 6 % of it 's total tax income ( 2014 ) , where as the uk lost 8.6 bn euro ( 2013 ) , a minus 1.4 % of government tax revenue ( 2013 ) sources : http://english.eu.dk/en/faq/faq/net_contribution http://www.oecd.org/ctp/consumption/revenue-statistics-and-consumption-tax-trends-2014-czech-republic.pdf http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2013/mar/20/budget-2013-tax-spending-visualised, 
  trees are not counted , a small sample area is counted and that is generalised up into huge areas . 
  small errors and variations can multiply quickly . 
  yeah i guess so , but there is still a variation in what counts as tree cover country by country , so while with finland you may be able to add two columns say for bulgaria there may be only one count that uses a different measurement scale to say belgium , so what is tree cover in belgium may be shrubs in bulgaria . 
  the map is still useful , i just think it 's interesting how people cant even agree what counts as tree cover . 
  haha , i guess i 've been lucky ; never had much of an issue with passport checks , i even flew into singapore on my british passport and then to india on my irish ( much cheaper visa ) ; got a few odd looks but nothing substantial . 
  a vietnamese cop once found my irish passport in my bag during an inspection and had a minor heart attack when he could n't find the visa as it was on my british one at the hotel , took a lot of explaining via google translate that i had dual nationality but he was quite nice in the end . 
  so i ca n't find my lecture notes on it now but countries actually measure there tree cover very differently , with varying heights and % canopy cover to be considered forests etc. 
  finland on this map must be including commercial logging for example as they have this weird category were planted trees for harvest are not considered forest and so in some tables can have extremely low forest cover . 
  do n't worry , the torries will make the police force effective and efficient for the 21st century by [ privatising it !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vlfghlqe3f4 ), 
  i really ca n't understand when or how having effective border controls ever became a bad thing ? 
  i am in favour or large scale vetted immigration from syria , but you simply can not have no border , that 's childishly moronic . 
  the eu is a bit undemocratic ; but that 's because every nation state deals with it at an arms length rather than dealing with it effectively . 
  on the up side , the eu bureaucracy is one of the most efficient governmental organisations in the world , doing a lot with a relatively little amount of money . 
  it 's the big development style grants that go to nation states that get totally wasted and siphoned off by local corrupt authorities . 
  i would imagine somewhere in between ; the girls tend to not want to kill but think the male fighters are heroes etc , turns out genocidal maniacs actually are n't that nice to dim witted western girls , shocker . 
  ~ ~ now 12-15 % of the uk 's total tax income will be will be linked to the eu ! ~ ~ ~ ~ good luck leaving now and not feeling the hurt . 
  pretty ballsy move by the city , basically playing their hand saying `` we are staying in europe , it would be good if you do to ~ ~ edit ; as the comments below have pointed out , i was mistaken in this belief , it appears it will not bring a closer eu integration in any meaningful way . 
  cheers for the corrected info guys . 
  fair enough , i believe the gov cracked down pretty hard on cops/border guards giving tourists a hard time in 2011 because the realised the only way to open up was to get tourists in . 
  ok yes , apart from iran and north korea due to sanctions what countries do not accept visa or mastercard ? 
  even burma/myanmar does . 
  yes , many places like cash ; but you can take out cash from the atm and if your card does n't have terrible charges it works out much better than money exchangers and is safer . 
  look , do as you want man but you asked for advice and i 've been to transnistria and about 30 other countries and atm withdrawal is simply the best way to go . 
  unless you are going really far off the beaten track like into the siberian or amazon there is no good reason to carry so much cash on your person . 
  myanmar does have atm 's at the money exchangers , rates are awful but they exist . 
  foreign cards do n't work in iran due to the western sanctions , hopefully that will end soon . 
  i also know from experience that many people want bribes , and i also know that once they realise you really do n't have that much cash they will give up because you are not worth the hassle to intimate further , and if it 's the real police it would only be a pain in the ass if the embassy were to get involved . 
  by carrying lots of money you are simply opening yourself up to getting it taken off you . 
  only reason to carry large wads is if you are going somewhere very remote . 
  edit : here is a via map locator of all the atms in rangoon alone , about 100 or so . 
  http://www.visa.com/atmlocator/index.jsp# ( page : results , params : ( query : ` rangoon , yangon , myanmar , mmr ' ) ), 
  posted this befoere : i was in transnistria in 2011/2012 , i overstayed my one day visa , every comment on-line was how bad it is there and how rampant corruption is . 
  so with this trepidation i meekly went to the police station to extend my visa , i banged on a huge steel door that looked like a blast door for nuclear fallout and out popped a very surprised officer with those big brimmed soviet caps . 
  in broken russian and exasperated english i pointed to my visa page , and showed the date . 
  he gave a hearty smile and called out his fellow officers , brought me into the station ( that was actually closed ) and sat me down and gave me tea and vodka ( yes stereotypes exist for a reason ) and easily extended my visa , wished me well and waved me off . 
  i then went about looking for a hotel to stay at in tiraspol , and a thunderstorm jut happened to start almost immediately upon finding a rubble husk that was once a hotel . 
  dejected , i set out once more to find a hotel , finding nothing but empty shells of hotels i decided to hail a cab and try to explain in hand signs i was looking for a somewhere to sleep , upon seeing my fumbling a nice young couple came over , asked me what was up , got in the taxi directed the driver to a nearby hotel , paid my fare and helped me check in . 
  they would not accept my roubles as payment but gave me their skype to chat instead once i got home . 
  sincerest people i met in a long time . 
  also that pic of the beach on the river is the capital tiraspol behind it , the whole small city is only one one side of the river ; i found this to be the oddest thing of my time there . 
  super friendly people in general , there has also been an official crack down on cops looking for bribes from tourists because the government want 's to open up to tourism so i would n't be too concerned about that any more . 
  it 's definitely worth a day visit so see the quirky soviet style stuff , but it is really small and not a whole lot else to see beyond a couple of days . 
  pro-tip : there are two options when taking money out of the atm 's there . 
  russian ruble or transnistrian ruble - take only the russian as the transnistrian is not an internationally traded currency so you have literally no idea how much money the exchange rate is . 
  russian currency is accepted everywhere but change is usually given in transnistrian . 
  awful idea , atm 's are literally everywhere these days there is no need to carry that much cash in this day and age . 
  as long as you have a visa or mastercard you can get money anywhere on the planet . 
  you are insane . 
  that is waaay to much money to carry in the 21st century and you are only opening yourself up to lucky pickpockets .
