i was never in my life treated good by government employees and i am a native . 
  dw write the whiniest , darkest articles about bulgaria i 've ever seen . 
  most of the authors are middle-aged liberal arts educated women who espouse leftist ideology . 
  it 's sad , really . 
  exactly !, 
  80 years ago they started deporting and chasing down people different than them , now they are doing the reverse ... 
  which policy do you mean ? 
  taking more immigrants ? 
  i am really interested to hear what austrians and especially the young ones think about that crisis . 
  what are the prevailing attitudes ? 
  i thought the stereotype was that they are huge bitches , 
  you are just seeing the difference between government and private sector employees in bulgaria . 
  the public sector ones are really not motivated to do their job properly and treat you like an annoyance instead of a customer . 
  there are no private train companies in bulgaria and the single government one we have is a huge money sink , but bus companies are all private and offer an acceptable service . 
  one of the most disgusting things i 've eaten is baked pork chops with prunes . 
  thank you for linking / r/personalfinance . 
  sure looks useful and i 'll check it out . 
  ca n't find authoritative data now , but i 've seen figures around $ 2 trillion . 
  are you speaking from experience ? 
  i am interested in hearing first-person accounts of what you know about the us health system , except that treatments are expensive if you have no insurance . 
  we are so rich that we do n't need money anymore . 
  right , guys ? 
  i guarantee you that bulgarian policemen and soldiers are neither educated nor competent in any way . 
  and stupid people will remain stupid . 
  you do n't remove the only thing that allows you to defend yourself , just because some people ca n't use a safe . 
  in bulgaria , there are more active hunters than there are soldiers . 
  there are also ~ 55,000 private security guards , each owning a gun . 
  there are also around a 100,000 ex-police & military personnel with gun licenses . 
  overall 500,000 + weapons in a country of 6.5 million people . 
  how come we do n't have mass shootings ? 
  it 's almost as if you are circlejerking with the other anti-gun people here . 
  holyshit , that apc is huge !, 
  i ca n't even begin to grasp why people are so emotionally charged when it comes to islamic terrorism . 
  bad guys with stupid beliefs hate us and our way of life , and wo n't stop any time soon . 
  what 's so hard to understand ? 
  why do they keep denying it ? 
  hey , i want to learn more about what happened in lebanon . 
  could you please point me to important events and/or people i should research ? 
  also , as someone who lived in the me area , could you tell me what the muslims in your society are like ? 
  what kind of beliefs do most of them hold ? 
  lol , the conflict between muslims and christians started in the 8th century , for fucks sake . 
  when you melt down sand you get glass . 
  nukes melt everything , ergo nk will become a glass parking lot . 
  as if they care about that . 
  you are really underestimating how brainwashed the vatniks are . 
  russians are ready to endure hardship for decades if that means their glorious motherland is sticking it to the `` fascist '' usa and the `` gay '' eu . 
  additionaly , the eu economy is [ really dependent ] ( http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/be9cd1a6-cbad-11e3-a934-00144feabdc0.img?width=796&amp;height=758&amp;title=&amp;desc= ) on russian gas . 
  those pipes are n't getting shut down any time soon . 
  i can absolutely guarantee you that if nato disappears my country and the rest of eastern europe is getting annexed in one form or another . 
  hahaha , actually that line about europe being rich and that we have to share the riches was given to me by a young german guy in the summer . 
  you do n't understand , nazi . 
  we have to be tolerant . 
  europe is rich and we need to share that with the doctors and engineers from africa . 
  immunity does n't matter when the mafia owns the judicial system . 
  how can you believe that paper ca n't be tampered with ? 
  i can give you plenty of examples from the last few elections . 
  i think the only way to a fair election in a corrupt country like bulgaria is total voting transparency . 
  if voters are split in small groups and each of us can verify that our vote is counted right on a local level , things would be much fairer . 
  i do n't think that voter anonymity is possible with any system or that it 's important . 
  plenty of disenfranchised people from small towns and regions get pressured to cast a vote for a certain party/candidate with the way things are now . 
  there is no anonymity when you work for the local shady business people and they own the vote counting commission . 
  in fact , an e-voting system with no anonymity will bypass local vote counting and will definitely bring a lot more transparency to the whole election process . 
  true , but on the other hand it signifies that their tradition is accepted . 
  it does n't matter that it 's harmless , it 's running with it that 's the problem here , imo . 
  and the hijab is just a scarf , what 's the big deal ? 
  women should be covered , it 's just common decency . 
  what are you , a pervert ? 
  that 's what happens when you have lots of people who do n't want to integrate in a society . 
  they slowly start imposing their traditions and culture . 
  that 's ugly ??? 
  laws should change according to technology development and to also accommodate new business models . 
  they are made to serve society , after all . 
  theoretically , why would i risk my life for some group of random women ? 
  i feel sorry for them being attacked , but i do n't owe them anything . 
  where are you located ? 
  do you speak the local language ? 
  a lot of european cultures are less open to communication with strangers than what 's expected in the us . 
  maybe you are mistaking that for discrimination . 
  as an eastern european who lives in a western european country , i have never been discriminated against . 
  that 's true for muslims too , since i know a few and they never had any problems . 
  a phobia is :  a persistent , abnormal , and irrational fear of a specific thing or situation that compels one to avoid it , despite the awareness and reassurance that it is not dangerous . 
  aversion to islam is the most rational thing in the world if you ask me . 
  in bulgaria most people do n't give a fuck if you are gay . 
  religion is not a big part of life here , so nobody cares what the church has to say on that matter . 
  yes , gay marriage is not allowed , but it 's not even a part of the sociopolitical discourse , since there are lots of other more important issues . 
  we had a gay pm from 2005 to 2009 , so being gay does n't even hurt your political career , which is primarily based on public approval . 
  i do n't know about the rest of ee . 
  russia has had a huge campaign against gay people . 
  it 's part of putin 's pr strategy - a push towards traditional `` values '' , promoting a nuclear family and whatnot . 
  i do n't know why you asked me that question , though . 
  are you implying that eastern europeans are just like the muslims , because gay marriage is not allowed here ? 
  the most radical thing about lgbt people i 've heard in my life from someone here is that they are a bad influence on kids , and that 's mostly coming from a minority of old bulgarians . 
  on the other hand , gays are getting brutally killed in the muslim world . 
  so there 's that ... 
  it has always amused me how western europeans think that the refugees are just like them - freedom-loving , secular , and educated . 
  there is a reason why the middle east is a shit hole and it 's not just because of outside intervention - the majority of people there is indoctrinated into a terrible value and belief system , namely islam . 
  they think a lot differently than us and their society is organized in a different way . 
  they wo n't fit here , not unless we change our way of life to appease them . 
  e-voting is difficult to secure , but it 's a step in the right direction . 
  if done correctly it would lower the influence of paid votes , because more people will have the chance to cast their vote .
