  an idea of a future reform ? 
  now , the recent changed to the constitutional tribunal - that 's something to be concerned about . 
  not this . 
  law and justice has a significant , very loyal group of supporters that votes for them every election , allowing them to easily score at least 20 % every time . 
  those people are usually highly religious , believe president kaczy\u0144ski was ruthlessly assassinated , and that the current political system is corrupted and unjust and needs to be extensively reformed . 
  however , every election they recognize this narration will never let get more than 20 % , so they go with a lighter touch and tempt people with promises of social reforms , dropping the `` russian plot '' narrative ( the main advocate of the `` smole\u0144sk was a russian assassination '' theory , antoni macierewicz , was suspiciously absent through the whole campaign ) . 
  this has a varying degree of success , but this time allowed them to win the presidential elections ( even though many assumed the civic platform candidate would easily win , but f * cked so badly it was n't even funny ) , and get 38 % of the votes during the parliamentary elections , which with a massive stroke of luck ( left coalition got 7,5 % of the 8 % needed to get in , libertarians got 4 % of the 5 % needed to get in ) got them enough mandates to rule alone . 
  then again , i 'm not exactly a fan of them , so my viewed of this is skewered . 
  one could argue their concerns regarding the constitutional tribunal are very much legitimate , and the media power grab is more or less what every party does after the elections . 
  law and justice simply does n't bother with beating around the bush like every other party would . 
  the narration they are going with is `` as we have the mandate of the people to institute the reforms , any law that could possibly prevent us from implementing those reforms is inherently evil and needs to be destroyed . '', 
  you can go a long way with that mindset . 
   it is a democracy coming of age , learning to play the kind of bare-knuckled , hard-ball politics that have always prevailed in the anglosphere . 
  a bit condescending there , but otherwise a good article . 
  and you make excellent points . 
  i would add to the the fact cge predictions do not differentiate between effects on small and medium enterprises ( sme ) , and big multinational conglomerates . 
  it also does not acknowledge how the predicted increased efficiency will affect the current distribution of wealth . 
  ( rodrig estimated that every 1 $ of efficiency results in 50 $ shifted around ) though i will argue the current economy collapses are n't exactly our fault . 
  you will find several economists that have warned the public about previous bubbles , and that it is only a matter of time until they burst . 
  couple of them were lucky enough to be in the limelight when it happened , and end up hailed as `` the man who predicted the collapse '' , when in truth everyone saw it coming , and they were only taking guesses at when . 
  hell , even now there are people who are warning against the next financial bubble , but nobody gives a shit . 
  they never do . 
  the problem lies on the legislative side of things . 
  sadly the big money lobby got so massive and cancerous , it keeps blocking all attempts at regulation . 
  and yes , there are still people who believe the market `` will fix itself '' , but i do believe it 's a shrinking percentage . 
  i would say liberalism is in retreat , but that 's just my opinion here . 
   a scientific approach would discard or modify the model , rather than entrench itself further . 
  and what model would you use , to predict the effects of something like ttip , which will affect , hm , nearly half of the global gdp ? 
  the i believe first one of such scale , such nature ? 
  models have their limitations . 
  but how is a scientist supposed to work in under the assumptions that anything can happen ? 
  we use simplified assumptions to focus on certain aspects , and then switch our focus to what we previously assumed as given . 
  thats why we still at times use the rather laughable belief that people are 100 % rational - as there are other fields , like behavioral economics , that study just how rational they truly are . 
  but it is true , that economics have become increasingly doctrinal over the years . 
  i would guess it 's only natural - it 's not easy to admit everything you have learned in the past 10 , 20 , 30 years is a pile of manure . 
  but the tide is turning - nowadays old models crumble to dust , and we all struggle to guess what will be the new paradigm . 
  we truly live in interesting times . 
  sigh , fair enough , against my better judgment i 'll bite . 
  what exactly is the problem ? 
    the scariest part for me would be that us companies could sue eu governments for denting their profit margins . 
   that 's not how isds works . 
  the government needs to actually break contract or the likes before they can get sued . 
  yes , but what happens when , lets say , the eu passes a new legislation , that affects american firms stronger than it does european firms ? 
  wo n't the american firm then could sue the eu for future profits lost , and unfair discrimination ? 
    oh and yeah apparently health services and other services get outsourced to usa and the eu citizens loose jobs  have not heard about that . 
  among many things it does , the ttip opens up some of the last markets that remain protected within the eu . 
  health service is one of those , and there is a ( justified ? 
  unjustified ? ), 
  fear that european companies will lose against american ones . 
   honestly if you want unbiased info on it just go for the actual source . 
  people act like those lawtexts are written in magical runes that only weathered bureaucrats can understand but for the most part that 's not actually true . 
  partially true . 
  while some studies are certainly accessible to the common man , good luck having them figure out where the cge models fall short , and where the gpm is inadequate . 
  if you do n't dig in pretty deeply , you will not have the whole picture . 
  for those interested in the gpm model that was used in the following study , [ here 's what ecipe had to say about it when capaldo used for his analysis of ttip . 
  ] ( http://ecipe.org/blog/capaldo-fails-to-convince/ ) i 'm no fan of ttip and tpp , but i also do n't believe it 's such a black and white issue like some other people try to paint it . 
  ah , and the battle between cge models and the gpm model continues . 
  ca n't say i 'm too surprised , but it 's nice it is n't capaldo again . 
  unlikely , pis has already pacified the last radical right winged party [ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/league_of_polish_families] , they have nothing to gain by doing this again . 
  their strategy revolves around keeping the `` 500 + '' families happy ( a new program that subsides families with a monthly allowance of 500 z\u0142oty per child ) , since that keeps the center loyal to them - the right is theirs by default . 
  if anything , they want onr quiet . 
  recent attacks on poles in great britain lets them play the victim card , but if onr mistakenly beats up a foreign tourist or students , the following shitstorm would be massive . 
  i would n't be too surprised if onr leaders have been quietly informed to steer away from immigrants , but that 's just speculation on my part . 
  ugh , politico is really reaching with this article . 
  yes , law and justice is probably turning a blind eye to onr , because onr is such a fringe movement they ca n't be bothered to extend the effort to keep tabs on them . 
  while law and justice emphasis on national matters does encourage movements like that , there is no `` nurturing '' here . 
  from kaczy\u0144ski point of view , onr are at best useful idiots , and will be dealt with the moment they start acting up . 
  then i am sorry for the suffering your family was put through and i hope that for every man who actively persecuted them there was another who helped them along the way . 
  i 'm not saying antisemitism was n't a problem or that it did n't exist , i 'm only saying it was n't the default view of an `` average '' european . 
  most europeans did n't care , which is why the jews could settle peacefully in the first place . 
  only at times of great instability , like all three of the above , the antisemites could act without fear of lawful retribution . 
   most people were more than happy to take their murdered neighbors belongings . 
  you will find that being fairly common at times of war regardless of the victim religious beliefs or nationally . 
  but i digress . 
  why would you say people hated jews ? 
  i was always under the impression the average man could n't care less about his neighbour religious views , but thanks to the nazis the hateful minority could finally take action . 
  currently , no . 
  but is knowledge of the holocaust widely known because it 's only natural that people would learn of it , or is because there are certain people who actively promote it ? 
  if the polish and isreali governments were to leave the matter alone , would the current level of awareness remain in the following 10 , 20 , 50 years ? 
  they might be a tad overzealous here , but perhaps not without reason . 
  there are still people who think that [ katyn ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/katyn_massacre ) was done by the nazis , even among poles , so we know how hard it is to eradicate once sown misinformation . 
   not insignificant -  several thousand in a population of about 35 million that 's 0,03 % , and i 'm being generous here . 
  how low would it have to be to count as `` insignificant '' ? 
  oh , i 'm not trying to bash them . 
  they have every right to be salty about the whole thing . 
  i 'm just saying we probably should n't lower ourselves to what is , indeed , the diplomatic equivalent of `` we f * cking told you so '' as amusing as the whole matter is ( ignoring the whole murder aspect , that 's horrible ) , thinly veiled gloating is best done behind closed doors . 
  he opens with `` dear mr. minister , dear colleague '' , then it 's roughly `` please tell us whether there were any female polish citizens among the victims of cologne new years eve sexual assaults '' then he asks to forward this to someone who would know ( if they do n't ) , and finishes with `` thanks in advance for your effort , with deepest regards '' yada yada yada, 
  context : germany : take these muslim immigrants . 
  new polish government : f * ck no , those guys are dangerous . 
  germany : well sucks to be you , your previous pm agreed to it . 
  new polish government : * grumble * fine ... * several terrorist attacks later . 
  * new polish government : oh gee guys , sure sucks all those countries with muslim minorities keep getting attacked by isis wannabes . 
  i sure do wonder why does that keep happening . 
  by the way , [ we just caught an iraqi immigrant trying to make explosives right before world youth day ] ( http://abcnews.go.com/international/wirestory/poland-arrests-foreigner-possession-explosives-40847701 ) , not sure if that 's relevant or anything . 
  but you know , you guys might want to look out for stuff like that . 
  ( not exactly mature , but hey , it 's international politics ), 
  it is part of it . 
  if enough countries decide to refuse letting in refugees , then a different solution might be devised . 
  like creating a special area for them in greece in exchange for forgiven their debt . 
  but that also is n't a solution to the refugee problem .
