  let me dumb it down for you as much as i can , since you obviously do n't understand basic math . 
  say you start with $ 1 million , and invest it in the stock market . 
  it earns 8 % a year , and you have $ 2.16 million after 10 years . 
  but , say , instead of saving all of it , you spent $ 50,000 per year while investing the rest in the stock market . 
  now , instead , you have $ 1.38 million after 10 years . 
  to get to $ 2.16 million from the initial $ 1 million , while spending $ 50,000 per year , you 'd have to get 13 % interest per year , instead of 8 % . 
  so , to end up at the amount of money you 'd get from saving all your money in the stock market without spending , your investments would need to beat the market by 5 % . 
  so , since donald trump has $ 4 billion or so , while spending quite a bit of money during the past few decades , his investments must have had above-market returns during that time . 
  are you retarded ? 
  given that he 's spent a lot of money , he would need to have made a significantly above-market return to reach the same amount of net worth in 2016 . 
  of course you need to consider spending when doing the analysis that vox did . 
  i do n't see how his day job means he 's an idiot . 
  sure , people that watch reality tv are stupid , but that does n't mean the people that make it are . 
  and saying that you think he 's stupid because you disagree with his politics is exactly my point -- you do n't have any objective reason to think he 's stupid , you just disagree with his politics . 
  it also assumes that he did n't spend any money to get to that same level , but he obviously did spend quite a bit of money , through his lifestyle and divorces . 
  the amount of cognitive dissonance that it must require to take this tiny clip and say that it proves donald trump is stupid is simply astounding . 
  you obviously would not reach the same conclusion if it were a politician that you liked , and only think this because you dislike donald trump for other reasons . 
  this is obvious to everyone else , but somehow , you ca n't tell that you 're doing this . 
  the ` conspiracy ' is that in the 9/11 commission report , there is a classified part that names a country that knew about the plans before the attacks happened . 
  the name of the country has never been released , but it seems like it 's probably saudi arabia . 
  that analysis assumes that fred trump gave all of his assets to his children in 1974 , 25 years before he died . 
  there is no evidence for that . 
  no objective person would look at that , and conclude that donald trump ca n't possibly be smart . 
  he said it was a communication problem , they could n't hear the announcers from there , but even if that 's not true , and he just screwed it up , it obviously does n't mean he 's dumb . 
  you just think he 's dumb because you dislike him for other reasons , not because of any actual evidence that he 's dumb . 
  this is a lie . 
  he did not inherit money until his father died in 1999 , when he was already a billionaire . 
  he started with a $ 1 million loan from his father in the 70s ( which is certainly much more than most regular people ) , but the idea that he 's only rich because he inherited hundreds of millions in the 70s is wrong . 
  all candidacies are based , in large part , on personality -- that 's how politics works . 
  it does n't mean they do n't have policies . 
  trump has a very consistent ideology -- he 's been saying the same thing about these issues for decades , before he was a politician . 
  he 's a nationalist , and says the government should do what 's best for the american people . 
  he was saying the exact same stuff about trade and foreign policy 30 years ago -- the idea that he 's all personality and no ideology is nonsense . 
  a summary of trump 's positions that may affect europe : * he supports attacking isis , but leaving assad alone ( other candidates support trying to destroy isis and overthrow assad at the same time ) * he supports either withdrawing american military bases from our allies ' countries , or forcing them to pay more for our protection * he favors good relations with russia , and does not care about russia 's interventions in eastern europe or the middle east * he favors renegotiating trade deals to make them more favorable to the u.s. 
  he mostly mentions china , japan , and mexico when talking about this , but probably because those countries are more unpopular than europe -- this would affect our relationship with the eu too . 
  overall ( from a european perspective ) , if you think america intervening around the world is a good thing , you will not like trump , and if you think it 's a bad thing , he 's your guy . 
  trump is the most anti-interventionist candidate . 
  only bernie is close , but he most likely wo n't win the nomination anyway . 
   he 's an egotistical and arguably delusional billionaire who exploits media coverage by saying outrageous things and bullying the other candidates . 
  well , even if that 's a bad thing , it certainly is n't `` what 's wrong with the american political system . '', 
  there is n't anybody else like him in our political system . 
  that is totally wrong . 
  polls show that trump wins a 3-way race with rubio and cruz easily , and also probably wins a 2-way race with rubio . 
  and trump has much more support from moderates and independents than rubio -- the idea that rubio appeals to the center is nonsense , he is an extremist on everything except immigration . 
  we are doing better . 
  perhaps , but i doubt it is a majority of each country -- in some countries , most support it , and in others , most are opposed . 
  it makes no sense to talk of the majority of the people of the eu , when each member is a sovereign nation . 
  if christians went to saudi arabia and did the same thing the saudis do in europe , they would be executed . 
  what , exactly , is the eu going to do to austria in response to this ? 
  fortunately for austria , there are no real consequences for breaking international law . 
  we should build a wall , to protect those poor migrants from all those dangerous europeans . 
   he said : `` i was castigated from many quarters , received many abusive pieces of correspondence and on one occasion was forced to clear my constituency office after receiving a threat . 
  it sounds like the threats were anonymous correspondence , random people sending threatening phone calls/letters , etc. 
  if it were n't for those people , different people , maybe different immigrants , would have done different things . 
  we would be fine without those contributions . 
  and the people killed by muslim terrorist attacks would still be alive . 
  it does n't matter if some or even most muslims contribute to society , we 'd still be better off with non-muslim immigrants instead . 
  yes , the nazis were notorious for putting a tax on all the refugees that they took in . 
  other factors can be important , but do not necessarily preclude someone from radicalization , especially for muslims . 
  the 9/11 hijackers , for example , were well-educated , as is the leader of isis . 
  osama bin laden was well educated , and from one of the richest families in saudi arabia . 
  yes , every religion has * some * bad people . 
  atheists do too . 
  but the proportions are different for different religions . 
  you ca n't just say that they 're all equally bad , because they all have some bad people , when one religion is , on average , much worse than the others . 
   western liberals were utterly enraged by him the moment he put himself forward for election . 
  really ? 
  why ? 
  i know american liberals disliked him then , but i did n't think europeans cared very much , at least before the wars . 
  this seems like a sensible policy to encourage refugees to go home when it is safe for them to do so . 
  it 's basically a forced savings plan , and it would probably be a good idea for refugees working in denmark to save some % of their wages anyway , to make it easier to rebuild their life when they return home . 
  immigrants do not need to have high birthrates . 
  the population is expected to age , decline , then stabilize , not continue aging and declining forever . 
  if you want the benefit of young workers , it only needs to be temporary -- having young workers for a few decades would solve the problem . 
  interesting that you 'd use a study of only muslims in germany , who are generally turks , and thus from a more moderate and secular culture than 90 % of the world 's muslims . 
  turkey is already fairly secular , compared to most muslim countries -- it does n't mean they are integrating better , many were already like that . 
  blame it on discrimination if you want . 
  it does n't matter what the cause of muslims failing to integrate is . 
  whatever the cause , since they do , in fact , fail to integrate , europe is better off without more of them . 
  again , even if immigrants would benefit europe , there is no reason for those immigrants to be muslims . 
   the `` benefit '' is that stopping it is too expensive . 
  no it is n't . 
  stopping it would be much less expensive than continuing it . 
   the `` benefit '' is for the muslim migrants . 
  why should they benefit , rather than other potential immigrants , who do not cause the problems muslims cause ? 
   you do n't get to choose who migrates where . 
  of course you do . 
  that 's how countries work -- they get to decide what goes on within their borders , who can or ca n't enter , etc. 
  this study was done several years ago , before the migrant crisis , and is about both immigrants and muslims born in europe . 
  you have no sense of history if you think christianity spontaneously started changing toward the modern views only 100 years ago . 
  it started a long time before that , slowly evolving over centuries . 
  and if that was all it took , you 'd think there would be more progress toward secularization from muslims that lived in the eu their whole lives , whose grandparents were immigrants . 
  but there is n't . 
  now you 're just trolling . 
  there 's no reason the eu has to favor countries close to them geographically when it comes to allowing legal immigration . 
  it does n't have to matter , when people can just fly in from wherever . 
   eventually that took like 1000 years . 
  so , yeah , that will probably `` eventually '' happen to muslims . 
  but not necessarily in a reasonable amount of time . 
   there is no reason to believe that they would n't eventually abandon the reactionary views .
