corruption . 
  people do not want to invest in very corrupt states -- it makes it much harder to do business , and there 's a higher risk of losing your investment to confiscation by a corrupt mafia state . 
  trump has repeatedly said that he thinks that saudi arabia funded the 9/11 terrorists , and that releasing the classified 28 pages of the 9/11 report will show this . 
   if he invested his money , he would be free to work another job and live off that money . 
  even if you account for this `` lavish '' lifestyle , he 's only performed within the average market rate . 
  how do you know ? 
  remember , that with compound interest , spending millions of dollars in the 80s would result in 10s of millions less today . 
  and he lost likely lost 10s of millions in each of his two divorces alone -- not even counting his extremely lavish lifestyle throughout his whole life . 
  there 's no way he would have made up for that working , unless he made 7 figures a year his whole life , which is unrealistic . 
  including that , even if it ends up with him being only a few % above the market per year , is still really good . 
  even an average market return is n't actually ` bad ' -- the stock market return of 7 % or so is n't a law of nature , is just the average of a bunch of businessmen like trump growing their businesses . 
  doing the same as the stock market in your own business is n't bad , it 's just average , and doing better than that is good . 
  you are conflating business expenses and personal expenses . 
  obviously , a business ' expenses are already included in the average stock market growth of 7 % . 
  but not personal expenses , like private jets and multiple divorces . 
  the 7 % market growth includes a business ' expenses , but not the personal expenses trump has incurred . 
  trump got the same 7 % return , not only after business expenses , which are also counted in the stock market returns , but also include many large personal expenses , that are not included in vox ' calculations . 
  let 's say trump did what vox suggests , and invested it all in the stock market , but also kept up the lifestyle he had during those decades . 
  how much money do you think he would have today ? 
  and in regards to the bet i mentioned earlier , i expect that they 'll say the same thing i 'm saying , as they did here https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/comments/3jh4zl/another_reminder_that_even_professional_investors/cupazxj in response to the article . 
  you can post it again if you want , and see if there 's a different response . 
   so his three most reasonable positions in your opinion are his most liberal ones . 
  i think you 're in the wrong camp bud . 
  he is more anti-interventionist than either of the democrats , so it 's democrat anti-interventionists who are in the wrong camp . 
  even bernie sanders , who is good on most foreign policy issues , supported the war in libya . 
  it 's also interesting that you ignore these hugely important issues , and focus on mean things he said . 
   his rhetoric i remember is his threats of a trade war with mexico , with china , and everyone else who pisses him off . 
  threatening tariffs is completely reasonable when negotiating a trade deal . 
  if you take tariffs off the table no matter what , then you have no leverage when negotiating . 
  his trade policies are perfectly reasonable , and are not just `` let 's start a trade war '' https://www.donaldjtrump.com/positions/us-china-trade-reform i assume you have n't read what his actual proposals are in that link , and just assume that his policy is raising tariffs to start a trade war because china = bad . 
   i remember donald trump supporting putin so ? 
  i can see why you might think this is immoral , although i think we should n't be starting fights with russia , and should only be concerned with america 's national security . 
  but i do n't see how this is stupid . 
   i remember donald trump threatening to disenfranchise the world second largest religion . 
  again , this is n't actually stupid , you just think it 's immoral . 
  and whatever you think of his proposal , it is certainly 100x less harmful to muslims than the wars in muslim countries everyone else supports -- again , you are looking at rhetoric over reality . 
   i remember a donald trump convinced that obama was n't even born in this country . 
  i think he was probably just making an issue of something he knew was bullshit for political purposes , to hurt obama 's reelection chances ( remember that trump did n't invent the birther issue , hillary clinton did during the 2008 primary ) . 
  which is certainly dishonest , but not necessarily stupid . 
  if he did really believe it , then yeah , that would be stupid . 
   your candidate is a moron and you support him because of personal affections . 
  this just is n't true . 
  i supported ron paul in 2008 and 2012 , because he is the most anti-war candidate ( the only one , really ) , and that 's the issue i care most about . 
  i preferred rand paul to trump on most issues , but he obviously is n't electable , and dropped out . 
  i support donald trump because i think american military interventionism around the world is overwhelmingly stupid and evil , and he 's the best chance of stopping it . 
  i do n't see what you 're not getting . 
  the reason the expenses are important is because if you ignore them , as vox does , you 're comparing apples to oranges . 
  in vox 's hypothetical world , trump invests all of his money , and does n't spend any of it , and ends up with $ 3.4 billion . 
  in the real world , trump invested it in his business , * while also spending a bunch of it * , and ended up with $ 4 billion . 
  that 's why vox 's analysis is flawed -- they 're comparing the real world , where trump spent a bunch of money , to a hypothetical world where he did n't . 
  if trump did the same real estate investments , but did n't spend any of his money , he would have much more than $ 4 billion today . 
  that 's what 's wrong with their analysis , they 're comparing a world where he did n't spend any of the money while it was growing , to the real world , where he spent a lot of money while it was growing . 
  i simply do n't understand why you are n't getting this . 
  the conspiracy donald trump is referencing is not just that the hijackers were saudi , which is commonly known , but that the saudi government knew about their plans before 9/11 . 
  the 9/11 report says that some foreign government did know about the hijackers ' plans , but the identity of that country is classified . 
  trump does n't actually know what the report says , but he suspects it was the saudis , because so many of the hijackers came from there , and they 're known for funding jihadism around the world . 
  if you look at actual policies , trump is by far the most sane and reasonable . 
  from the other guys ' middle east policy , you have : * threatening to ` tear up ' the iran deal day 1 . who would ever make a deal with us again , if we just tear up deals whenever we want ? 
  this is obviously a stupid , irrational thing to say , but no one points this out , except trump ( on the republican side -- obviously the democrats support the deal ) . 
  http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2015/09/how-donald-trump-helped-pass-the-iran-deal-he-opposes/403798/ * advocating a policy of war against both isis and assad -- backing the supposed moderate , pro-democracy rebels who do n't actually exist . 
  we 'll end up in another iraq , stuck fighting there forever . 
  * supporting establishing a ` no-fly zone ' in syria , and actually shooting down russian planes if they violate it ( when the russian planes are already there , before the no-fly zone ! ) . 
  even if you think this would n't actually happen ( i think it probably would n't ) , risking even a small chance of starting wwiii with russia is insane . 
  you are putting far too much weight in rhetoric , and ignoring the actual content . 
  a reasonable sounding person who has insane policies , like rubio , is much more dangerous than an insane sounding person with reasonable policies like trump . 
   if someone were to actually invest $ 40million into a fund , they would either live off the dividends or get another job and live off that income . 
  the vox article assumes that he would not live off the dividends -- it assumes that all dividends are reinvested . 
  the point of the article is about a concept called economic profit . 
  basically , economic profit is profit you earn above what you could earn just investing your money in stocks , etc , because a business is n't * really * profitable if you could have just gotten the same amount of money from doing nothing . 
  how can you measure if an investment makes an economic profit ? 
  if the end result is greater than the amount you invest * the market rate of return over the time period . 
  it 's a theoretical thing , and has nothing to do with actually investing the money in the stock market and withdrawing it later , it 's just a mathematical model . 
  so , if trump only got 8 % on his investment over that time period , then he did n't make any economic profit . 
  but , he did get more than that return on his investment , as i explained earlier with the example about $ 1 million invested over 10 years . 
  the point about the spending is just that their math is wrong -- saying `` but they would n't divest themselves unless they were planning to buy a boat or some other big financial transaction . '', 
  is just irrelevant . 
  we 're not talking about actual retirement accounts or anything like that , it 's just an abstraction . 
  for trump to end up with that much money , while spending so much , means that he must have earned a large economic profit in his business ventures . 
  if he was a bad businessman , earning 0 economic profit or negative economic profit ( 0 is n't even really bad , just average ) , then he would have much less money than he has now . 
   that 's not really an economics argument because nobody withdraws their money like that . 
  i really am flattered at your proposal but honestly i do n't even think / r/investment would reply to a thread asking about this because it just . . it just does n't make any sense . 
  if you post this in a personal finance subreddit , and no one responds because it makes no sense , then you win the bet ( although it seems / r/investment is not a real subreddit , it would have to be a different one ) . 
  i assure you that it does make sense , it just does n't make sense to you . 
  it is disturbing how someone can be so stupid , and so assured that they 're right . 
  i 'm not saying that it 's generally a good idea to withdraw money form an investment account to live off of . 
  this has nothing to do with that , it 's just math . 
  tell you what , if you can take this argument to any politically-neutral personal finance subreddit or something like that , and they agree that my argument is stupid , i 'll give you a years worth of reddit gold for free . 
  you do n't even need to bet anything , i 'm betting a years worth of reddit gold against your nothing . 
   he 's stupid because he 's had to declare bankruptcy in his business a number of times . 
  it would be stupid of him to not declare bankruptcy , if doing so benefits him , which it did . 
  you might think it 's immoral to stiff his creditors , but it obviously is n't stupid -- he got himself out of debt and is richer than he would have been if he did n't declare bankruptcy . 
  and sure , maybe he should n't have invested in places like atlantic city in the first place , but hindsight is 20/20 -- he took a risk and it did n't work out , which is hardly stupid , considering that most of his risks did work out for him . 
   he 's stupid because he thinks calling people names on a national debate is good for the country . 
  it obviously is good for his goal of winning the republican primary , which he is doing . 
  you ca n't say it 's stupid if his strategy is working . 
   he 's stupid because he thinks being an islamophobe is somehow good for the country or a way to defeat isis . 
  he did n't say it would be a good strategy for defeating isis . 
  he said banning muslims would be a good strategy for preventing terrorist attacks in the us . 
  and it would -- if muslims were not allowed in the us , 9/11 and other terrorist attacks would not have happened . 
  you might disagree with the policy for other reasons , such as caring about the rights of muslims to come here , but that 's just a subjective difference of values .
