  except for the fact that they have n't abandoned them yet . 
  there is no reason to believe they * will * eventually abandon their views -- that is just wishful thinking with no evidence . 
  unless you are going to let in the billion or so people around the world who would like to live in the eu , you will discriminate for some reason . 
  right now , it is discrimination in favor of countries that happen to be geographically close to the eu -- it is much easier to get to the eu from algeria than vietnam . 
  again , i said what is the benefit of muslim immigration specifically . 
  you could get those benefits from non-muslim immigrants , without the problems muslim immigrants cause . 
  and then grandchildren are shaped by their parents and grandparents experiences ? 
  whatever the cause , they do not abandon their views over time . 
  if you care about helping legitimate refugees from syria , then you should support deporting illegal economic migrants . 
  most of the opposition to the refugees is caused by problems from these migrants , not the real refugees . 
  for example , only 0.5 % of syrian refugees commit crimes -- europeans would be more accepting of these legitimate refugees if they were n't lumped in with the migrants . 
  what is the benefit of muslim immigration ? 
  i have never heard a real answer to that . 
  yes , many immigrants are beneficial , doctors , engineers , etc , but you could get those same benefits from non-muslim immigrants instead , without the costs of muslim immigration . 
  most muslims in europe are not immigrants , they are people that were born in europe , and they still hold these views . 
  not sure what this has to do with my post . 
  i do n't agree with any of those policies . 
  saying that the whole region could be stabilized for 10 billion euros seems wildly optimistic . 
  that does n't seem like nearly enough to even stop isis , much less do everything else . 
  but it 's still true that helping refugees there is the cheapest available option . 
  the wealth of the west is certainly not ` built ' from plundering poorer countries . 
  trade and investment between wealthy countries and the 3rd world is very small , relative to the size of wealthy economies . 
  if africa did not exist , it would not negatively affect the wealth of europe very much . 
  perhaps if the guys in power were n't also liars , people would n't turn to the right . 
  there are so many to choose from . 
  probably a tie between indianapolis and cleveland . 
  japan will be fine in 20 or 40 years , it will just have fewer people . 
  and the article lists many bad economic policies that contribute to low birthrates and cause other problems -- fixing those policies would help , as well as improve their economy . 
  and even if immigration is a partial solution , there 's no reason for it to be the immigration of whatever unskilled person happens to migrate to eu soil -- it would obviously be much more beneficial for germany , etc , to have selective immigration policies . 
  so , both european-on-european and immigrant-on-immigrant crimes would be underreported . 
  what evidence do you have that this would change the actual relative amount of rapes by each group ? 
  let me guess -- you have no evidence for this . 
  europe can handle an aging population without immigrants , just as japan is handling it now . 
  it could result in slower growth , but it really is n't that big of a problem . 
  immigration is certainly not ` necessary ' -- it is just one option among many for dealing with an aging population . 
  and italians and other immigrants assimilated because we cut off all immigration for several decades , so there were no longer large immigrant communities for them to live in that kept their old values and resisted american culture and assimilation . 
  keeping a continuous stream of immigrants prevents this assimilation . 
   on long term , it will be worth it . 
  because of what benefits ? 
  and how do you propose to assimilate muslim immigrants , in the long term ? 
  in sweden , france , etc , large populations of immigrants , or even 2nd and 3rd generation , have still not assimilated . 
  assimilation must be solved first , if it even can be , before allowing in many more migrants . 
  it is reasonable if the costs of crimes from country a vacationers exceed the benefits of country a vacationers , yes . 
  this is most likely not the case when considering real vacationers , so it is not actually reasonable in the real world , but it could be , hypothetically . 
   what you say is that we need a higher standard for foreigners . 
  yes , exactly . 
  governments should act in the interests of their citizens -- the interests of non-citizens should not matter . 
  a nation has no obligation to treat foreigners the way they treat their own citizens . 
  if x % of population a is a criminal , then there must be enough offsetting benefits ( benefits to native citizens ) before letting population a immigrate to your country . 
  it does n't matter that most of population a is not criminal , all that matters is the costs/benefits of letting in immigrants from that area . 
  countries can grant citizenship in different ways . 
  in the united states , anyone born on us soil is automatically a citizen . 
  in other countries , the requirements are more strict . 
  it 's up to the current citizens of a country to decide what the requirements must be . 
  men born in the eu have a right to live there . 
  men not born in the eu do not have a right to live there . 
  for foreigners who do not have an inherent right to live in the eu , the costs and benefits of allowing them in must be considered , while those things do not need to be considered for native eu citizens . 
  the difference is , people that are born in a country have the right to be there , and foreigners do n't . 
  according to the numbers in hava55 's post , it is actually 6x as likely , although that 's for rape in general , rather than just rape of children . 
  ` suspected ' means that surely at least a few of these people are innocent . 
  so , the cost of this policy is to possibly slander innocent people as nazis . 
  what is the benefit to offset this cost ? 
  what do we gain from doing this ? 
  i was n't aware that the richer european countries got to set fiscal policy for greece , spain , etc. 
  all marriages between people to young too legally marry in the eu should be annulled . 
  in cases where both parties are minors , they do n't need to be arrested , and perhaps they can re-marry in a few years when it 's legal . 
  well , the ` average ' was never the problem , was it ? 
  it 's just a few countries that are in trouble . 
  great argument . 
  it is 110 billion over 10 years , spread throughout the schengen countries . 
  so , not very much , compared to the size of the economies . 
  and , of course , it does not consider the costs of keeping schengen -- countries are not considering ending it on a whim , it is because of the costs of the migrant crisis . 
  britain , or any other country , has no obligation to accept immigrants . 
  if they do not benefit britain ( on net ) , then why should britain let them in ? 
  maybe $ 50,000 is not the right number , i do n't know , but the principle of the policy is sound . 
  it 's not up to me . 
  it 's our stupid government . 
   but on sunday he told public yle radio that he had had to put the plan on hold because of security concern so , it is a security concern for the migrants to be in his second house ( which he does n't normally live in ) . 
  but it is not a security concern for them to be elsewhere in finland ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  he is mostly referring to domestic policy -- his basic ideology is that the u.s. government should only do things that benefit the american people , and so should not waste resources interfering in foreign affairs that do n't concern us . 
  to reply to your edit ( do n't think the first part was in the post initially ) :  the us gains allies , a permanent sphere of influence , primacy in world affairs , and trading deals with the largest economic bloc in the world . 
  we do n't actually benefit from those things . 
  many u.s. leaders certainly want influence in world affairs , because they want america to rule the world and tell every country what to do . 
  but that sort of thing does n't really benefit the american people . 
  we do benefit from trade , but we obviously could have trade deals without a military alliance . 
  no , iowa was the first of 50 primary elections ( one for each state ) . 
  the candidate who wins the majority of votes in those 50 elections gets the republican nomination , and then goes up in a general election against the winner of the democrat nomination . 
  and donald trump is one of the few candidates who does not want to rule the world ( along with bernie sanders ) . 
  he favors more friendly relations with russia and china , not starting any unnecessary wars , and either withdrawing american military from our allied countries , or forcing our allies to pay much more for protection . 
  he is more antagonistic with trade policy , believing that the u.s. should negotiate trade deals that are biased toward us economically , but is not antagonistic in military policy . 
  well , you 'd better get started soon . 
  donald trump could be president by next year . 
  no we wo n't . 
  the idea that russia would ever directly attack the united states is absurd . 
  even the much stronger soviet union was never really a direct threat -- only a threat to conquer other countries . 
  then it 's a win-win . 
  the united states gains nothing from nato , and threatening war with russia over anything but an attack on the united states is insane . 
  if european states are so concerned about an imminent russian invasion , then they 're free to boost their defense spending sufficiently . 
  the eu is rich enough to provide an adequate military force for common defense if they want to .
