  it 's not like the eu would be pressuring them for evil reasons , like to protect some blood diamond operation or something . 
  then force them to accept them back . 
  threaten economic sanctions or bribe them . 
  it 's not that there 's no way to get these african countries to take them back , the eu just has n't tried . 
  the idea that any country ` needs ' immigration is absurd . 
  germany , or any other country , will not collapse because the population is aging . 
  at worst , they have to cut spending and raise taxes , and this may reduce their economic growth . 
  it would cost them , but immigration also costs them . 
  they must make a choice which cost they would rather pay -- but there is no ` need ' for immigration , it is just one option . 
  i do n't know . 
  how do they do it in other cities in the desert , in other parts of the middle east ? 
  they 're * allowed * to , of course . 
  who would stop them ? 
  they just choose not to . 
  well , we 're talking about what they should do . 
  maybe they wo n't do the right thing , i do n't know . 
  they cross continents and risk their lives because they think living in europe will be better than their home country . 
  if you make sure that that is not the case , then they will no longer want to live in europe . 
  they do n't come to europe because even being in a european prison is better than their home , it 's because they think europe is a land of riches where they can have a much better life . 
  and if there really is n't room , build more prisons . 
  it will still be cheaper than letting economic migrants stay , in the long run . 
  they would only be jailed until they decided to go home . 
  how many people do you think would rather stay in prison than go home ? 
  i did n't say that the knox story has anything to do with it , that 's just where i got the impression that italian prisons are bad . 
  i 'm not very familiar with the different prisons systems of different european countries , i 've just heard a limited amount from american media in stories like the knox story . 
  media coverage from the amanda knox story , which may be inaccurate , i do n't know . 
  it 's just an example off the top of my head , it does n't really matter . 
  they are n't being locked up involuntarily , they are free to leave any time they want . 
  that does n't seem that uncivilized . 
  being free to leave the second you want to is the most lenient possible prison sentence . 
  we have been trying to overthrow assad , bombing syria , and giving aid to people fighting him . 
  i think we 're beyond respecting his national sovereignty at this point , even if we do recognize his legitimacy in a limited sense . 
  it would need to be combined with an effort to defeat isis . 
  obviously , there would be no point in creating a refugee camp and then letting isis invade it . 
  the point is to make them leave , not imprison hundreds of thousands of people forever . 
  you do n't need to actually imprison that many people , the threat is enough . 
  there would be no sentence , they would just be locked up until they decided they want to go home , which they could do whenever they wanted to . 
  i do n't think many people would choose prison over going home . 
  i do n't think there 's any way this would be more expensive than the alternative -- even if prison is more expensive per person , only a small minority of people would choose prison , and probably not for very long . 
  a lot of syria is an empty desert though , without much population , and without either military paying it much attention . 
  the camps could be built there . 
  it 's expensive to have them stay in the country either way , either in prison or outside it . 
  and most people would rather go home than rot in prison -- there would not be hundreds of thousands of people who would rather stay in prison than return to their home country . 
  especially if they were not allowed in the ` nice ' prisons in places like norway , put them in shitty italian prisons or something . 
  and i 'm not talking about legitimate refugees who would otherwise be in refugee camps , they would be handled differently . 
  i mean economic migrants from countries that are not at war . 
  then imprison them , and see if they prefer going home to rotting in prison . 
  are you talking about legitimate asylum seekers who ca n't go back because their country is a war zone ? 
  or is it not possible to send non-legitimate asylum seekers back ? 
  the ` overthrow assad , destroy isis , and occupy for a few decades ' is the worst option i think . 
  even if the political will to do this were found , there is no guarantee that it will be maintained . 
  people will get tired of the war , as they did in iraq , and future politicians will not continue the campaign for very long . 
  there 's simply no way to guarantee that future politicians will continue with the plan . 
  * go after human traffickers to the full extent allowed by law . 
  if possible , ensure that they are imprisoned for a long time in the countries they are from , which are probably significantly worse places to be imprisoned than europe . 
  * create a counter-propaganda campaign to dispute the lies traffickers tell people about europe . 
  [ this is a good example from australia . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rt12wh4a92w ) a big problem is that many people believe that they will be given free houses , jobs , women , etc , just for coming to europe . 
  * anyone who is not a legitimate asylum seeker must be sent back to the country they came from . 
  if they refuse to give legitimate documents or say where they 're from , imprison them until they do . 
  if the country refuses to take them back , threaten economic sanctions until they do . 
  * for legitimate asylum seekers , both ` let each country do what they want ' and ` share the burden ' have flaws . 
  perhaps a eu-wide system where countries must choose to either contribute money to help the problem , or allow asylum seekers to stay in their country , so everyone shares the burden in the way they choose . 
  this could include countries outside the eu , such as by bribing countries like turkey to accept more people . 
  * commonly-funded border security . 
  countries like greece can not afford to fund sea and border security alone , and often have no incentive to do so , because they can simply send the migrants on to other countries . 
   was key word there . 
  the people you 're talking about all died a long time ago . 
  talking just about the people alive right now , the middle east is far more anti-semitic than europe . 
  no one says that anti-semitism is only a middle eastern problem . 
  but it is much more prevalent there , and the immigration of many middle eastern muslims will obviously result in more anti-semitism . 
  more widespread than she imagined , maybe . 
  the high prevalence of anti-semitism in the muslim world was obvious to a lot of other people . 
  pretty heavy-handed trolling attempt , 2/10 . 
  part of that should be a counter-propaganda campaign , to dispute the lies traffickers tell people about europe . 
  they say they 'll get free houses , women , jobs , etc. 
  europe should make sure people in other countries hearing these things know that they are n't true . 
  of course it 's possible , they just do n't have the political will . 
  most migrants could be sent back to the countries they came from . 
  if those countries do n't agree to take them , threaten them with economic sanctions until they do . 
  those that refuse to say which country they came from can be imprisoned until they do . 
  those that are unable to go back to the country they came from due to war , such as in syria , are legitimate refugees that can be handled in a different way . 
  it works for australia because now that people know that they wo n't be able to stay in australia , not that many people try to come there . 
  there would be fewer migrants if they knew they would not be allowed to stay in europe . 
  how would that be anything like guantanamo bay ? 
  they are n't kidnapping people and imprisoning and torturing them . 
  it 's just a processing facility for people who choose to come to the eu . 
  not saying that romantic relationships are only about sex . 
  just that there must be some sort of sexual attraction to make it a romantic relationship . 
  a long-term relationship with zero sex or sexual attraction is just friendship . 
  well , there could be a gay couple that does n't have sex , but sexual attraction must be there . 
  otherwise it 's just two friends , not a couple . 
  in the united states , almost no one has even heard of handball , or knows anything about it . 
  i thought this meant something entirely different at first , based on the title . 
  i think the opposition is more to fuel nationalist propaganda in russia , objecting to the west supposedly interfering in russia 's affairs , rather than any serious fear of a finnish-swedish alliance . 
  the message is intended to be for the russian people , not us . 
  it 's interesting how the meaning of the word ` demographics ' is now only used to mean age demographics , ignoring things like sex ratios , ethnicity , religion , etc. 
  if you told a european or american 50 years ago that hundreds of thousands of young men from the arab world would help with their demographic issues , they 'd think you were crazy . 
  i do n't think it 's pedophilia , but it does seem a bit strange to be sharing pictures like that on facebook . 
  it 's weird that this is your reaction to reading this article .
