  what would happen to the eu if they ignored those rules ? 
  nothing . 
  so they do n't have to follow them , they just choose to . 
   swedish, 
  kosovo is a disaster . 
  creating this `` country '' was a mistake . 
  what are they going to do about it ? 
  it 's afghanistan . 
  i doubt their government has the ability to stop germany . 
  they certainly were n't completely secular . 
  but they were secular by middle eastern standards . 
  it is about that for some people . 
  i do n't think most voters think that way though . 
  i did n't say it would . 
  preventing asylum seekers from stepping foot in europe would bring down the number of asylum seekers . 
  the un estimates that ending world hunger would cost only 30 billion dollars per year . 
  the money could do far more good helping people outside the eu . 
  why ca n't the left and right agree to do that instead ? 
  the right gets what it wants -- no immigrants . 
  the left gets to help the world 's poor , and help them much more than they otherwise would have . 
  well , if this sub 's mods are already applying harsher rules , what more can they do ? 
  those kinds of posts are n't allowed here , so i fail to see how this is / r/europe 's problem . 
  tl ; dr version : there are a disproportionate amount of 16-17 year olds compared to 18 year olds , because minors have the right to family reunification . 
  it 's especially disproportionate from people outside syria , like afghanistan , because syrians are legitimate refugees fleeing a war zone , and are treated differently , so they do not need to lie , and have reason to use real documents . 
  many of the 16-17 year olds are lying about their age , and are actually older . 
  thank god . 
  it created a stronger national government , which is not the same thing . 
  to this day , there is a sharp cultural and political divide between the north and south . 
  there is also much more hatred and resentment ( on both sides ) that did not exist before the civil war -- early americans did not resent people in other states , they just ignored them . 
   culture is a consequence of politics . 
  i think the opposite is true . 
  where does a country 's politics come from , if not its culture , which is the shared traits and values of its people ? 
  i do not think the civil war helped create a unified american identity . 
  if anything , it is part of a divide between different parts of the us that continues to this day . 
  to the extent that the us has a national identity , it is because of shared culture and interests , mostly due to economic integration , mass communication , and internal migration . 
  the reason americans used to identify with their individual states over their country was because in that time , americans mostly did not have any interaction with people from other states . 
  a ` safe zone ' ?!? 
  so , the rest of the carnival will not be safe for women ? 
  the crime rate for legitimate syrian refugees is low . 
  the crime rate for north african migrants is much higher , with 40 % being arrested for some crime . 
  do n't give me that bullshit . 
  literally no one says that `` all '' migrants are criminals . 
  but if a higher percentage of migrants are criminals than the percentage of native germans ( or whatever country ) that are criminals , then it will increase the crime rate . 
  i 'm not saying that europeans needs to change their gun laws . 
  just that when they think guns are the reason the us has higher murder rates than europe , they 're wrong . 
  not for much longer , if the migration continues as it has been . 
  both are extremely rare , and a terrible reason to decide public policy on guns . 
  school shootings , as well as terrorist attacks , are a tiny percentage of all violent deaths . 
  so , higher crime rates are causing higher gun usage , rather than the other way around . 
  i wonder if europeans that believe america 's violence is because of our guns will reconsider . 
  could you explain what you mean by ` fake jobs ' ? 
  i 'm not familiar enough with french politics to know what you mean . 
  you can deal with different countries in different ways . 
  for turkey , the best solution would probably be to bribe them . 
   as an american , you should look into the failure caused by the immigration reform and control act ( irca ) from 1986 . 
  i bet you have never heard of it . 
  i have , and agree that the regan administrations policies toward this were a very large contributor to the immigration problems we have today . 
   it is . 
  as illegal as in the us . 
  i did n't say illegal , i said impossible . 
  the laws need to be enforced . 
  social welfare agencies are n't supposed to give benefits to illegal immigrants , but they often do , even instructing employees to make sure they do n't find out someone 's legal status . 
  and while we often deport people working illegally , employers breaking the law often are n't punished , or are n't punished very harshly . 
  and millions of ` illegal immigrants ' are n't even people that came across the border from mexico , they 're people here on legal visas that overstayed them . 
  the government needs to keep better track of people here on a visa . 
  that would require more money and resources , i agree . 
   starve in poverty at home , maybe get kicked out for being illegal , maybe not ... 
  which one would you choose ? 
  what do most people in those countries do ? 
  only a small minority of people there migrate to the eu . 
  and just change ` maybe ' to ` definitely ' , and the incentives change quite a bit . 
   where would they go ? 
  where do the people that do n't go to the eu go ? 
   let 's look at how effective american immigration policy is . 
  does all the money thrown at homeland , ice , and the border patrol stop all the illegal immigration ? 
  nope . 
  the united states intentionally fails to enforce immigration laws for political reasons . 
  enforcing labor laws preventing employers from hiring illegal immigrants and visa overstayers would force most of them to leave , and border security could easily stop further illegal immigration from mexico . 
  our congress funded border security fences , but the executive branch decided not to actually build them . 
  if the federal government wanted to secure the border with mexico , they could . 
   even if europe did a 180 degree turn , and cut all immigration off , which people in this sub continually shout for , there would still be mass migration from the me and na to europe because of the total contrast in wealth . 
   at the very best , europe will be running a perpetual return to sender shuttle service . 
  much like ice and the border patrol do now . 
  this is simply nonsense . 
  if it were impossible for illegal migrants to work or receive welfare in the eu , and any who tried to come there were sent back , people would stop coming . 
  who would pay all that money and risk their life only to be sent right back ? 
  the disparity in wealth is only an attractant because migrants have access to the wealth of the eu when they come there . 
  if they did n't , there would be no more attractant . 
  genuine refugees would still flee conflict , but they would just flee to other countries instead of the eu . 
  yeah , because they do n't actually want to send the migrants back . 
  if they really wanted to send them back , they easily could . 
  eu countries have done similar things for worse reasons . 
  i do n't think there 's anything inherently wrong with bribing and threatening dictators to make them do what you want -- the approach is usually just used for immoral purposes . 
  saying it is a simple ` fear of change ' is condescending . 
  opposing harmful changes to your society is completely reasonable , it is not just a ` fear of change ' in general . 
  the threat of sanctions would solve the problem by forcing the governments to take their people back , so the sanctions would not need to be implemented . 
  bribing corrupt government leaders could also work . 
  we ( the united states mostly ) have been telling poorer , weaker countries what to do for decades . 
  the eu could do the same easily , they just do n't want to . 
  actively trying to harm them by forcing them to take their own citizens back ?
