   when the 2018 elections come around by that time it will be far too late . 
  why did they decide to ignore the people ? 
  you appear to be disagreeing but agreeing with me at the same time . 
  the game of advanced global finance as we know it was an anglo-dutch invention ( uk & netherlands ), 
  you europeans got ta sort this out . 
  us americans do n't have this problem . 
  no matter if you are white , black , brown etc. 
  once you are an american you are an american . 
  our athletes receive no hate because of their skin color . 
  is the european space agency anything to do with the eu or no ? 
  sweden only have themselves to blame for this . 
  all very interesting . 
  i 'm sure you are more clued up about all of this than me , although you seem to hold somehting against the uk which obscures your impartiality . 
  i think both the uk and france are great countries and i 'm just calling it how i see it . 
  on most relevant metrics the uk appears to be doing better than france . 
  of course if you cherry pick statistics you can put forward an argument for the contrary , i never denied that . 
  * according to the imf , the uk has 42k per head and france has 41.9 k per head . 
  if you think that is relevant , go ahead and indulge yourself * well , it is higher , but those are old statistics . 
  i was reffering to the [ imf 's gdp per capita prediction for 2016 ] ( https://i.imgur.com/m0m9a5x.png ) . 
  the uk is 46k , france is 38k . 
  * net wealth is a garbage indicator * you 're welcome to hold an opinion on it , but it is still a relevant metric . 
  * finally , why did you avoid talking about the uk 's massive current account deficit ? 
  * * what 's worse , british growth has been based on consumption , which in turn has been based on drawing down savings , not on industrial growth or export growth * i 'm no expert on that , and i am not claiming the uk economy is perfect . 
  i am simply disputing you saying france does better than the uk on most relevant metrics , because it does n't . 
  i just checked . 
  the uk has fewer people , a larger economy , a higher gdp per capita , higher wages , higher net wealth , higher growth and much lower unemployment . 
  not to say france is doing particularly badly , but claiming france does better than the uk on the vast majority of relevant metrics is incorrect . 
  itt : socialists attempting to justify their economic viewpoints due to france growing 0.1 % faster than expected . 
  brown people come from the middle east . 
  black people come from africa . 
  why does it make you feel like you are in africa ? 
  yeah , that is all covered by insurance plans . 
  is n't that what happens anyway ? 
  pretty much . 
  it 's the way of the world . 
  * here are germans , russians , americans as well and at least they try to speak a bit of spanish * yeah , i call bullsh * t on this . 
  americans would never try to speak spanish xd, 
  seems like it 's just stereotyping what a racist looks like . 
  young , white , male , blue collar etc. 
  i do n't think this would be acceptable if it was any other demographic being stereotyped . 
  i would like to see this for the us, 
  for someone who is irish maybe . 
  the uk and ireland 's history is intertwined and i guess a lot of british culture seeps into ireland . 
  for someone from estonia or japan this test would be much harder . 
  do you spend all your time on this sub trash talking the uk ? 
  you need to get a life, 
  79 % fuck yeah i can be british, 
  yeah , but i do n't think it will change too much . 
  there already seems to be a fair bit of british content on there . 
  it does trend that way . 
  but if you look at a more global level property bubbles pop all the time , it 's why they 're called bubbles . 
  so what would be the point in people buying appartments in the uk if you do n't actually own it ? 
  * you could put your money in stocks and shares , but you might lose it * the markets always trend up . 
  sure there 's bumps along the road , but if you put it in stocks and shares and leave it for years the chance of you losing money is miniscule . 
  on the flip side to this , there is nothing to say a housing bubble wo n't pop . 
  * house prices never drop * where did you hear this ? 
  * people who pay millions for a flat are stupid anyway . 
  you never truly own it * how do they not own it ? 
  surely if they buy it they own it ? 
  but surely if they wanted to they could easily rejoin ireland now ? 
  huh ? 
  this is a problem for the english speaking world , not just england, 
  i apologize , god i hate my country, 
  london would still be by far the largest . 
  no other european city even comes close . 
  but i would imagine some business would head to frankfurt , paris and dublin . 
  did n't ireland end up divided because half the country wanted to remain british ? 
  the us is ruled by rich families more so than any other . 
  the waltons , rockefellers , kochs , mars , rothschilds , bushs , clintons , roosevelts etc. 
  a handful of families have run our country since it 's inception . 
  i just checked , over 90 % of the largest tech companies in the world do not have their european headquarters in dublin . 
  where did you read they do ? 
  but why boston ? 
  what ? 
  britain will be successful regardless . 
  but they will be more successful within the eu . 
  * we all love computers * ? 
  is marseille really that bad ? 
  i was watching ` marseille ' on netflix and it looked very nice in parts . 
  `` swedish '' girl, 
  * there are enough indications that this could change * such as ? 
  well , i 'm no expert , but i 've read the uk will likely be part of the free movement of people regardless ? 
  i was more thinking in terms of nuclear warfare or natural disasters . 
  i do n't think brexit would have that much of a long term effect . 
  it 's mostly calculated on population trends . 
  for advanced countries a fast growing population equals a fast growing economy , provided no huge disasters happen . 
  on most demographic and economic forecasts i 've read german power is set to drastically decrease whereas british power is set to skyrocket . 
  is trudeau popular up in canada ? 
  it 's amazing how consistently excellent the british music industry is, 
  yeah , suppose it is a tough one to call . 
  in the us they seem to draw the line at babbage and say he was the one that invented the computer as we know it . 
  why him over others i do n't know . 
  bell was scottish, 
  he did n't break it did he ? 
  is it not common knowledge charles babbage invented the computer ? 
  that 's what is taught here in the us . 
  loool he has no idea what he is talking about , he 's just reading off a script xd, 
  i disagree , it could be different depending where you are . 
  in the north east cameron definitely gets more coverage . 
  more would recognize cameron than merkel .
