  chanting ` isis , where are you now ? ', 
  is not asking them to show up and attack . 
  it is insulting them , it implies they are a bunch of terrified pussies . 
  if anything it 's a showing of support for the french considering the current climate in the country . 
  all hooligans are to blame to some extent but so far all of the evidence suggests the people most at fault are russians . 
  no , it shows russia have organised hooligans who went to france with the intent purpose of starting fights everywhere they go . 
  england just have a few out of shape fans who drink too much and try to fight back . 
  kick russia out the tournament and the problem will disappear . 
  i read it was mostly french starting the fights in marseille ? 
  how people are continuing to try and pin blame on the english is beyond me , it is clearly russians who were behind all of this . 
  that is absolutely disgusting . 
  if you want to fight then at least make it fair . 
  that was like 8 on 1 . 
  those russian hooligans are cowards . 
  that has n't worked for the french since 1066 !, 
  soccer fans are degenerates, 
  would ireland ever re-join england ? 
  according to academics the world powers are usa , china , russia , uk , germany , france and japan . 
  it 's interesting to see top level european politicians being honest and acknowledging what a colossal setback a british exit would be for the eu . 
  most europeans on the internet and this sub like to pretend the british are not particularly important in european and global matters , but in reality they are . 
  * why is this downvoted ? 
  it 's exactly what the article is saying lol *, 
  * how , for example , would the netherlands react , as a country that has traditionally had very close ties to britain ? 
  '' * is this true ? 
  never knew netherlands and uk have close ties . 
  * so if britain is clever , it will realise that it is not a world power on its own * of course britain is a world power on its own . 
  as is france and germany . 
  to suggest otherwise is laughable . 
  brexit is the beast , the eu is gaston xd, 
  whatever trump might say . 
  at least we are n't threatening canada with economic blockades if they do n't join our political structure . 
  * brexit can show you the world * * shining , shimmering , splendid * * tell me , brits , now when did * * you last let your heart decide ? 
  he is n't americas candidate . 
  he is just the republican candidate . 
  wow , i wish we had germany as a nearby trading partner . 
  so friendly xd, 
  i do n't think you have to worry about england winning xd, 
  my adopted team is albania :p, 
  do you not think a british exit may make it much more likely eastern european countries and denmark will leave ? 
  as they no longer have an influential country to voice euro-skeptic concerns . 
  or do you suggest they all leave aswell as they do n't always agree with germany ? 
  france wants to keep the eu as it gives them the illusion of power . 
  they think being in the eu strengthens their global standing . 
  in reality they are germany 's lapdog . 
  it 's a stretch to suggest the uk is not a great power, 
  * the thirteen colonies disagree . 
  * to be fair , i 've watched a few british made documentaries that focus on the american revolution . 
  yeah , i commented this the other day and had multiple people arguing with me . 
  anything that paints the uk and/or brexit in a negative light gets upvoted . 
  the opposite not so much . 
  this sub is an anti-anglo hive mind . 
  what line of work !, 
  * the uk is no longer a great power * according to academics it is one of [ 5 great nuclear powers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_power#/media/file:great_powers.svg ) . 
  probably france . 
  they are so proud of french it borders on insecurity . 
  i get the impression sweden is falling behind the rest of scandinavia in everything nowadays . 
  all of that business would probably head to ireland in the event of brexit . 
  i do n't have any personal biases . 
  i just call it how i see it . 
  the uk gets far more hate than those countries except russia , and russia is for obvious reasons . 
  * and come the fuck on , jealousy ? 
  hangover from ww2 ? 
  * yeah , they are suggestions . 
  there is always underlying issues for things like this . 
  yeah , except all the terrorism . 
  why would i be thin skinned ? 
  this has nothing to do with america . 
  it 's just something i noticed . 
  i am not saying they are jealous , i was just asking . 
  there must be an underlying reason why the uk is disliked so strongly on this sub . 
  i have noticed anything that paints the uk in a negative light gets upvoted in this sub . 
  is this simply because of brexit ? 
  or is there more to it than that ? 
  perhaps jealousy of the uk 's success ? 
  a hangover from ww2 ? 
  trump over clinton, 
  of course you do . 
  you have no input in your parents wealth , right ? 
  but you still expect to inherit it when they pass . 
  people work hard and contribute to society to give their children a better life . 
  british forefathers built the uk from the ground up , they fought tooth and nail against the nazis to keep their country going , they stormed the beaches of normandy to liberate europe . 
  for that reason the interests of their offspring should be protected by their government over the interests of someone from a different part of the world . 
  i would n't move to poland for the sole reason of work and expect the polish government to care about my interests to the same extent they care about their own citizens . 
  same thing when i 'm in the us i expect my government to put my interests over the interests of someone on the other side of the world . 
  their forefathers fought for and built the country . 
  natives from a country always deserve better treatment than those who show up on the doorstep looking for work . 
  you 've clearly never been to the us xd, 
  * plus , you have to be nuts escaping on a banana boat from here * not really . 
  albania is a very poor country with poor life prospects . 
  having areas of natural beauty wo n't change that . 
  who is that dude ? 
  he is a great speaker . 
  ahhh shucks , thanks britain  * ^ and ^ albania *, 
  i do n't know much about him , but he came across well in this . 
  damn , that spanish queen, 
  yeah , berlin was hit very bad too . 
  i would say london has risen higher since though . 
  what church is it ? 
  amazing how london 's recovered, 
  we are terrible tourists bro,
