  i do n't think many at all would recognize hollande . 
  trudeau is new but he 's already had a lot of coverage . 
  usa : 1 ) cameron , putin 2 ) kim jong un 3 ) merkel , trudeau the rest of the world leaders are pretty much unknown, 
  why is france so gay xd what country is this from ? 
  * maybe too extravagant for many americans * i do n't think you understand americans, 
  * the fact that such a device could make it to a public place shows that your national security is hugely vulnerable to them . 
  * it was a training device left by a private company xd, 
  they do ? 
  i think everyone knows the us runs everything . 
  uk is still a big player , but theres only one top dog . 
  ca n't wait for the us to enter , we will dominate the comp no doubt * usa usa usa *, 
  huh ? 
  but no one cares about ireland xd, 
  in what way does this show the incompetence of the national security ? 
  for all we know some guy made this bomb in his house and bought it to the stadium . 
  * i was n't far off * * the entire non-english content part of the internet almost certainly dwarfs the english-speaking part * you were incredibly far off lol . 
  i know that because english is the the de-facto language of the internet and korean is n't . 
  [ english accounts for over 50 % of the internet ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=how+much+of+the+internet+is+in+english&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;client=firefox-b-ab&amp;gfe_rd=cr&amp;ei=1c03v6ohcrps8aei9rna# ) . 
  the next most prominent internet language is russian on 6 % . 
  korean is 0.7 % . 
  but the korean-speaking internet is tiny in comparison to the english-speaking internet ... 
  russia has no soft power at all . 
  everyone knows this . 
  i think you 're underestimating your own country tbh, 
  * the way that they set up culture and digital is so western focused * culture and digital are western focused ... 
  you think the us should be lower !, 
  germany that high !? 
  never associated soft power with germany, 
  * `` look at it this way , when zayn left one direction was ok . 
  but if harry leaves that 's it , its ' over . 
  the uk is harry styles '' * the uk , the harry styles of europe xd, 
  damn what is happening to france at the moment ? 
  they seem to be dropping off a cliff, 
  * ` we will never conclude the argument about who invented the computer ' * really ? 
  i thought it was common knowledge it was charles babbage . 
  * why so many downvotes ? 
  a quick google search tells you i am right *, 
  well , to be fair to me , you are talking nonsense . 
   written english is very similar on both , but one ca n't say the same for spoken english . 
    a lot of important things change , from the way you assemble a phrase , to the way words are written , pronounced and used . 
  yes , it 's called accents . 
  this varies anyway you go , including within the us . 
  it 's the same for every language . 
  the way you assemble phrases are the same , the way words use are the same . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the way you speak makes it sound like they 're two seperate entities . 
  they 're not . 
  obviously there 's pronunciation differences , as there is whereever english is spoken . 
  and there 's the odd spelling difference ( e.g. 
  color/colour and realized/realised ) . 
  but they 're the same language . 
  much like australian english , canadian english , indian english is all just english . 
  it 's just one language . 
  if you learn american english , you learn english . 
  if you learn british english , you learn english . 
   do they give oscars to the parents of the actors who actually deliver the performance ? 
  no , but if the parents had a significant role in the movie they would lol . 
  * and why is that choice increasingly defaulting to english in recent years ? 
  * because so much of the world speaks english . 
   but the world didnt queue to see a production line of british made films that 's because britain was the superpower when films had not been invented . 
  i agree our cultural prominence has helped english hugely . 
  i mean let 's just take the anti-brit sentiment out of this ( which i note is relatively common here ) . 
  the british had the largest empire in human history , and by historical standards it only ended very recently . 
  they spread the language to the sweeping majority of countries they colonized . 
  to argue all of this had no significant effect on the languages presence today , and instead attribute it all to our films , is rather moronic . 
  american here . 
  english is the lingua france because of both the us and the uk . 
  i 'm amazed anyone can even begin to argue anything else . 
  this is pretty much taught as fact in us high schools . 
  also , i think it 's pretty fair to give the brits a fair bit of credit for the internet as we know it today . 
   we want to learn american english on language schools , brittish english is seen as too posh and wearisome . 
  i am always amazed when i see english learners say this . 
  you do realize american english and british english are pretty much identical ? 
  they have * very * minor spelling differences . 
  we 'd spell globalization like globalization , brits would spell it like globalisation . 
  he 's a great man . 
  our next eu ambassador !, 
   since it seems that scotland , ni , and england + wales want completely different things ? 
  what 's the point of keeping a family together just for the sake of it ? 
  if it would only make sense if people in scotland and wales value the eu over the uk . 
  i 've got to be honest , i do n't think they do . 
  looking at the situation from afar , the uk seems to be doing fine whereas the eu is a complete mess . 
   it 's completely insane how binding and powerful a 2 % victory is . 
  yeah , you kind of have to respect the result though , no matter how small the majority is . 
  otherwise holding referenda in the first place is just pointless . 
   t 's called a ` moose ' in north-american english , but it 's mostly known as ` elk ' in european english just google `` differences between moose and elk '' and it will come up . 
  there are slight physical difference between the two . 
  mooses are generally larger , elks are smaller and slender . 
  the spanish government need to give catalonia a referendum . 
  deal with the issue once and for all . 
  elks and moose are different animals, 
   the main difference is pronunciation . 
  some names of animals are also different . 
  and minor spelling differences . 
  but there 's pronunciation differences within different types of american accents , as well as different types of british accents , and australian etc. 
  that does n't mean it 's a different form of the language . 
  what animals are different ? 
  bulgaria has a sub !, 
   in fact i leaned american english , not the british version . 
  i always find it funny when non-english speakers say this , as if there two seperate types of english .
