  of course he is . 
  it does n't matter if you agree with his politics or not , every politician who reaches the top is bright . 
  also , does n't he hold a economics degree from oxford ? 
  he 's clearly smarter than your average joe . 
  surely britains ' forecast will depend a lot on the brexit result this week ? 
  because sweden has more muslims as a % of the population . 
  * why downvotes , is this not true ? 
  interesting comment from the dutch politician ... * like in the 1940s , once again britain could help liberate europe from another totalitarian monster , this time called ` brussels ' . 
  again we could be saved by the british * . 
  who care what he thought as a schoolboy ? 
  as long as he does n't think that now . 
  back in the 20th century russia was a formidable opponent . 
  nowadays they are no more than a small nuisance . 
  i hope soon the people kick out putin and elect a leader who is pro-western so they can get on better relations with europe and maybe they 'll begin to see some economic growth . 
  agreed . 
  i think the political class need to recognize this . 
  if the working classes are left behind by globalization , they will fight against it . 
  yeah , not to mention wealth inequality is pretty extreme in the us . 
  certainly more so than france , germany , uk etc. 
  i would guess the average western european is wealthier than the average american all things accounted for . 
  more net wealth . 
  that wealth is generally concentrated in the hands of a very small amount of people . 
  it was n't just america . 
  it was a joined effort by anglo countries . 
  you ca n't possibly deny this though can you ? 
  france was liberated as american , british and canadian soilders stormed the beaches of normandy and then worked their way through france killing germans and liberating people . 
  this is not really a point for debate , more historical fact . 
  of course , i do n't think all french are inherently cowardly . 
  but their performance in ww2 gave birth to the myth that they are . 
  until their population drops sharply and they end up with economic clout comparable to italy . 
  * lol at the downvotes . 
  sorry if it makes you butthurt but it 's the truth *, 
  * that is because it was n't the biggest and best equipped . 
  * direct your comment at the op then . 
  i did n't make that claim . 
  i was just pointing out when it came to war time the army was terrible . 
  sorry if this offends but it is the truth . 
  [ read this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_france ) . 
  france fell within a couple of months . 
  a military collapse of a major nation in that timespan is unprecedented in human history . 
  it 's where the sterotype the french are all cowards comes from . 
  pretty sure that was his initial plan . 
  he had no intention to take britain as he looked up to them , he viewed them as highly competent white imperialists . 
  only after britain waged war on germany did he fight them . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  the incompetence of the french army lead to france falling to the germans with jaw-dropping speed . 
  your country ended up having to get saved by the americans , british and canadians . 
  good point , i guess they do . 
  when i think of european countries i generally do n't think of russia for some reason . 
  * meanwhile france had the biggest , best equipped army in europe * yeah but as we saw in the actual war that army was useless . 
  in ww2 the uk did more to keep europe free and liberated than any other european country . 
  your point is moot . 
  how do they know they 're czech ? 
  * i just value free speech , direct democracy and free market principles . 
  * by this subs standards that makes you far-right xd * oh no , my opinion does not please the hivemind . 
  downvotes galore !, 
  interesting article . 
  so is brexit more of a class issue in the uk ? 
  are more blue collar communities voting leave and middle class voting remain ? 
  pro-business is pro worker . 
  if your pro-business you support economic growth , if you support economic growth you support job creation , when more jobs are created workers can be more picky about the job they do , leading companies to improve working conditions in order to attract the best workers . 
  what on earth do you mean a pro-business bias ? 
  does n't everything have a pro-business bias outside of karl marx 's manifesto ? 
  itt : power hungry european federalists, 
  awkward moment when i do n't recognise your flag, 
  wow , muslim communities must really be assimilating to their host country for people to think this / s, 
  surely that is a terrible deal for the poorer countries though ? 
  as they are never going to be able to hold onto their own educated people in order to make their country a success . 
  really ? 
  why us ? 
  uk for sure, 
  yeah but when was the last time it was this out of control ? 
  the fact this has been allowed to happen shows a massive failure on behalf of the french police/security . 
  a news station interviewed an anonymous russian hooligan who said the french police 's inactivity allowed them to do anything they wanted last weekend . 
  no , every video clip i 've seen has shown russian supporters instigating . 
  can you provide proof to the contrary ? 
  you do n't have to be an expert to realise the security at this tournament is poorly organised . 
  all of the evidence i have seen shows russia are to blame . 
  ask the russians, 
  i disagree . 
  i just read more of your comments and you clearly have something against the english . 
  when you harbor that much resentment for a people you can trick yourself into believing anything . 
  huh ? 
  i assumed one of the videos on your last link was proof . 
  you ca n't assume it to be true if a couple witnesses say so . 
  for all we know they were n't even england fans , for all we know the witnesses misheard the chant ( they probably were n't native speakers ) , for all we know it never happened . 
  it seems particularly unlikely considering all the other chants from england fans were taunting isis . 
  can you give me a direct link to english fans chanting `` we love isis '' ? 
  none of the videos on that link work for me for some reason . 
  yes . 
  it is absolutely not a one-way street and that 's why they 're allowed to follow any religon they wish . 
  they must understand they are in a secular country and they can not disrupt their place of education/work in order to pray . 
   really ? 
  they were n't interrupting anything , they wanted to occupy an entire room multiple times a day . 
  i would accept that i was not in a muslim country and it is simply not acceptable or feasible to pray at all hours of the day . 
  if i could n't accept this then i would move to a muslim country . 
  good , if you want to follow a religion do it in your own time . 
  france have handled this situation absolutely terribly so far . 
  some of the blame has to go to them for the sheer fact they 've let it all happen . 
  yeah , i am a native english speaker and you are interpreting that completly wrong .
