  they 're not . 
  they 're the exact same with a few minor spelling difference ( e.g. 
  globalization instead of globalisation ) . 
   why are there so many articles posted on r/europe regarding britain ? 
  because the pro-eu crowd in this sub ( 90 % of the sub ) are obsessed with everything britan . 
  funny that an `` irrelevant country '' like the uk ( they often claim it is ) is * always * the subject of conversation . 
  i mean , an irrelevant country would be bulgaria . 
  and i do n't think i 've ever seen a single article on them in this sub . 
  do n't think it was really ever in doubt ( except maybe in this sub ) but the uk will remain financially dominant in europe . 
  although in the short term i imagine it will lose ground to new york as * the * global financial centre . 
  sure !, 
   although america collapsing is n't really in the realm of possibility ( in before * hurr durr trump hurr durr etc * ) . 
  but the eu very much is . 
   sure ? 
  cause almost all your comments are on / r/europe and all of them are about the uk i find the whole situation with the eu/brexit fascinating . 
  and i call it as i see it , the eu is acting like a a crazy ex-girlfriend that the uk has dumped . 
  i hope the political project is confined to the history books . 
  i wanted rubio for the presidency . 
  * but if i have to choose between anti-british and anti-european * that 's the main problem i have with pro-eu people . 
  they have had their feelings hurt by britain leaving their political project , now most of them are willing britain to fail . 
  to the point i 've seen people argue in this sub that the eu should start a trade war with britain to punish them for leaving . 
  it 's an incredibly unhealthy attitude * `` anyone who does n't agree with me and this political project should suffer '' * , it 's the sort of attitude i hoped would only be found in history books . 
  but alas . 
  for that reason i support america signing a comprehensive free trade deal with the uk right away , and i hope the eu crumbles and burns . 
  i 'm not from europe, 
  lol , from my perspective it is, 
   well , so why not just provide easier visa to india ? 
  is n't that a former part of the commonwealth ? 
  not to mention pakistan , iran , etc. 
  india is a country of over 1 billion and incredibly poor . 
  it 's not the same for the uk as having free movement with other small , wealthy english speaking countries . 
  as a neutral observer , i feel the opposite . 
  anti-eu sentiment is speading and as i 've spent more time communicating with pro-eu europeans , i 've come to realise i fundamentally disagree with their world view and for that reason i want the eu to collapse . 
  you 've fundamentally misinterpreted my comment . 
  i said in what context the british politician said that in , i never made a case as to whether or whether no the eu would pursue an agenda to punish the uk . 
  huh ? 
  my comment was in response to your original comment that said * `` did n't the uk threaten to severely slash corporate tax ? 
  '' * i remember that being said . 
  it was in the context of if the eu looks to harshly punish britain then the uk will do what it has to to remain competitive . 
  not sure what the rest of your comment is about . 
  this guy has a very serious chip on his shoulder in regards to britain, 
  really ? 
  so the uk chooses not to be apart of a political project , then it wants to pursue the most open trade arangement as possible with that political project , but that political project chooses to pursure a hardline stance ( some may say due to hurt feelings ) which significantly damages another eu member ( ireland ) . 
  and you blame the uk for any damage it might cause the irish economy ? 
   did n't the uk threaten to severely slash corporate tax ? 
  yeah , i think in the context if the eu looks to punish the uk for leaving by imposing very harsh tarifs etc the british politicians said they would find a way to remain competitive , including cutting corporation tax . 
  it 's very interesting to see if the eu will pursue policies to damage britain , which would also inadvertently damage ireland . 
  wow , only 50 % upvotes ? 
   look at the subreddit banner ; this is not a europe sub its an eu sub that 's actually the flag of the continent of europe , the eu has just chosen to use it for their political project . 
  no , you have n't taken the yearly increase into your equation . 
  you need a new equation for each calender year , increasing incrementally to get the correct figure . 
  i was refering to predicting future technological innovations and changes . 
  people can quite accurately predict future populations based on current demographics , immigration rates etc. 
   the uk would need to sustain above 4 % growth per year on average to achieve that no , because the uk economy will increase year on year . 
  so it would n't be increasing 4 % year on year , that 's only doing the maths based on the size of the current economy . 
  but that 's not how economic projections work . 
   you do not take into account how good infrastructure and future technologys will affect our economy . 
  by 2030 about 50 % of the lower working force should be replaced by robots . 
  predicting the future has always been famously innaccurate . 
  the fact of the matter is no country has yet have to figure out how to make an economic success out of a shrinking population . 
  i 'm sure there is a way , but it will likely take a huge amount of trial and error , and i 'm very glad my country will not have to be one of the countries that has to figure it out first . 
  germany is set to lose over 15 million over the course of our lifetime . 
  for a country of only 80 million that is a huge number . 
  looks like the uk is already looking beyond the eu and around the globe . 
   the eu is quite capable of giving the uk the finger and outright refusing ; there is no obligation to negotiate whatsoever . 
  the idea you ( and clearly plenty of people on this sub judging by the upvotes ) think this is feasible is abolutely laughable . 
  giving the uk the finger and refusing to negotiate is essentially initiating a trade war with a western nato-member . 
  no matter how butthurt you may or may not be , you must realise your comment has no basis in reality ? 
  both the uk and trump 's american would not allow it . 
  yeah , and germany 's population is decreasing at a terrifying scale . 
  it will be interesting to see in a few years a weak eu lead by a strong france butting heads with a very strong independant uk, 
   the average american has no opinion of angela merkel whatsoever , and those that do certainly do not hold her in high regard agreed . 
  most people i know have never heard of her . 
  those that have think she 's destroying europe by opening up the borders to the muslim third world . 
   in terms of power merkel is a leightweight compared to trump . 
    i doubt it . 
  i agree with most of your comment but not your conclusion . 
  as talented as merkel is , there is no possible way you can compare her power to anywhere near the power of trump ( or the power trump will have in 2 days ) . 
  merkel does n't even have a functioning army at her disposable . 
  in out and out power hollande and may outrank merkel . 
  its mostly because the outgoing government has very different opinions to the incoming government . 
  once trump gets settled the views of the us government will become more clear . 
  * outgoing us-ambassador *, 
   and the more time passes , the more that brexit news increases pro eu sentiment . 
  forgive me for not taking your word on this . 
  i 'm predicting the opposite . 
  only time will tell . 
   he 's not far enough on the left for me would you support le pen 's fiscal policy ? 
   you are judging the entire eu , supported by hundreds of millions very debatable . 
  no , but i do judge a political institution by the people who aggressively support that institution . 
  where does macron stand on fiscal issues ? 
  is he more left or right ? 
  it 's like the uk and the eu are a couple going through a break up . 
  the uk has decided to end the relationship and make a clean break , whereas the eu is still madly in love with the uk and ca n't comprehend why the uk would leave . 
  so the eu responds by intense bitterness and jealousy . 
  fascinating . 
   and wo n't even drop out the top 10 until 2050 interesting info . 
  [ this source here ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/12068319/booming-britain-to-become-worlds-fourth-largest-economy-as-france-and-italy-face-g8-exclusion.html ) states the uk will be breaking into the top 4 by the 2030s/2040s . 
  i suppose only time will tell . 
  absolutely agree .
