what ? 
  i always feel sorry for portugal in these xd, 
  woa , i never knew argintinians were this butthurt about the falklands war xd china above the us !? 
  pwahaha.think what you want dude . 
  continue rotting away in your poor country as we live it up in the western world , 
  usa - yes china - yes russia - no . 
  all they have is a strong military . 
  they have very little economic , cultural or diplomatic relevance . 
  germany - no . 
  germany have economic relevance , epecially on a european scale . 
  but they have little cultural influence , little military influence and not a huge amount of diplomatic influence on a global scale . 
  japan - no . 
  economic relevance yes . 
  but they have no military relevance . 
  less dipolmatic relevance than the uk , and less cultural relevance also . 
  france - no , although i think it is very close between the uk and france . 
  the uk has more cultural relevance and * slightly * more economic relevance . 
  although military and diplomatic they are about the same . 
  my top 5 in order would be 1 ) usa 2 ) china 3 ) uk 4 ) france 5 ) germany/japan * edit * i just realized you are argentinian . 
  i think i now know why you are trying to downplay the uk . 
  if my country was recently humilated in war by the uk i would dislike them too xd, 
  the uk is still relevant . 
  it 's not * the * most relevant country in the world anymore . 
  but out of 200 odd countries it 's in the top 3 or 4 most relevant no doubt . 
  us being the most relevant if anything has only made the uk more relevant than it should be , as we share a very similar culture and a strong military alliance . 
  ` murica, 
  i disagree . 
  as an american i think we have a large part to play in making english as prominent as it is . 
  but [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b8/british_empire_1921.png/1280px-british_empire_1921.png ) is the key reason english is where it is today . 
  it was spread by force all over the world by the largest empire in history , which only very recently collapsed . 
  you are welcome to your opinion , i 'm just giving you an outside europe perspective . 
  lol !, 
  i just noticed you are the same guy that was trash talking the uk and the us yesterday . 
  i think your anti-anglo bias may be showing . 
  yeah , france only really retains any degree of influence in the former french african empire . 
  outside of that they just get overshadowed . 
  i would disagree , it 's fairly common knowledge britain is more influential on a global level than the other european countries . 
  why this is i 'm not sure , but when britain does something countries outside of europe pay attention . 
  i did n't mean to make you butthurt . 
  you taking offense to that remark only confirms you are indeed from a poor and backward country . 
  you are simply jealous of the wealth and success of other countries and therefore troll people from those countries in online discussions . 
  you got ta get a life dude . 
  or better yet leave your crappy country and come to the us , we have plenty of money here , 
  look , you 're clearly just trolling on this thread . 
  maybe you are jealous the us is more powerful and prosperous than your country ? 
  or maybe you are jealous the uk is more powerful and prosperous ? 
  or maybe you are a staunch european federalist who does n't like the fact the uk is questioning the entire concept of the eu by holding this referendum . 
  whatever it is , undermining americans and british will not get your point of view across very well . 
  it just makes you appear insecure . 
  * ` bloomberg is an american news agency ' * that does n't mean it represents the views of america . 
  this article does n't necessarily represent the views of the company . 
  this article just represents the view of the author , who is not even american . 
  in america we have something called free speech where people can say what they want . 
  you probably do n't have freedom of speech in your poor backwards country . 
  * ` this thread is almost entirely brexiters trying desperately to deny how accurate this article is ' * it is ? 
  i 'm not british , i want the uk to stay in the eu and even i can see what a poorly researched article this is . 
  i agree with my presidents stance as i think the uk in the eu favors both the us and the uk . 
  the reason americans wants the uk to remain has nothing to do with the british empire , which is what you suggested with your comment * ` it is not us europeans who are saying these ` forget about the long dead empire and special destiny ' - sacrileges , it is your very own best friend , the usa . 
  ' * no one in america is staying that . 
  us americans are not saying anything about britain and their empire . 
  our countries have a special relationship and we just think it 's in both our interests for the uk to remain . 
  i do n't think this has anything to do with empires tbh . 
  that 's just an argument put forward by people who do n't like the uk and want to simplify a hugely complex issue instead of debating it properly . 
  good to see france finally getting out of its slump, 
  * what value is there is actually caring about your nationality * because people are always proud of who they are and where they come from . 
  it 's why people support their local sports team and it 's why people are proud of their country . 
  it 's an innate part of human nature and it 's value is it gives people a sense of belonging . 
  yeah , from an outside perspective the french leader just gets pushed to the background . 
  on economic and domestic european matters the germans lead , on global military and diplomatic matters the british lead . 
  france does n't really have their own role . 
  only 3 are muslim ? 
  i thought 10 % of france was muslim ? 
  but the brits in northern ireland have been there so long they are considered irish now . 
  quite harsh , but i do n't ever see a time ireland will regain control of it 's country . 
  britain will always control a sizeable chunk and there is not much the irish can do . 
  disagree . 
  from what i 've read a ` remain ' vote is the odds on favorite . 
  hang on , so ireland is n't part of the uk ? 
  of course obama says this . 
  when germany happily take in huge amounts of refugees and economic migrants there is less pressure on the us to take more in . 
  the only realy losers in all of this are germany and sweden . 
  upvote for effort, 
  i got ta agree . 
  you europeans need to stick together . 
  individually you are all too small to play a significant role in the world . 
  the western world needs to stick together . 
  fragmenting wo n't do any of us any favors . 
  i never denied it would n't be huge in comparison . 
  the uk has a huge cultural influence . 
  no where near as much as the us . 
  but they are probably second over all . 
  the world speaks their language . 
  lots of countries have their monarch , play their sports , watch british tv , they are a key member of commonwealth , a key member of 5 eyes etc. 
  * ` and the uk has less diplomatic influence than france ' * newsflash frenchie . 
  you do n't . 
  i am an outside source i can tell you france has next to no diplomatic unfluence outside a handful of failed states in africa . 
  some random opinion piece from 2012 is not going to change that lol . 
  you guys are just under german thumbs nowadays . 
  i know people on this sub like to greatly exagerate french influence , but you have very little . 
  for example , most people outside of the eu wo n't know the french president off the top of their heads .
