  whereas most would know david cameron , and also probably angela merkel . 
  i have never seen ` france says/does this somewhere in the world ' in us news , yet often i see ` british pm says this ' or ` british make movements in the middle east ' . 
  when britain does stuff the world pays attention . 
  the same ca n't be said for franceh . 
  france just appears rather aloof in world affairs and therefore has little influence . 
  i 'm just giving you an american perspective though . 
  i 'm sure if you go to the french congo or somewhere they think france are important . 
  * the eu ~ ~ will remain the biggest economic union ~ ~ in the world * * the eu will drop to the second biggest economic union in the world * ftfy . 
  without the uk the eu economy is smaller than the us economy . 
  i 'm not denying that the uk will lose significant influence , you seem to really be going after that strawman . 
  my point is the eu will also lose significant influence on the world stage . 
  the uk is your second largest economy , largest military spender and has by far the most dipolomatic and cultural influence on a global scale . 
  without them the eu loses it 's close ties with many english speaking countries around the world . 
  to deny a british exit will significantly weaken the eu is to deny reality . 
  yes i agree but that 's kind of common knowledge . 
  what does n't get mentioned as much ( at least from what i 've seen ) is the eu will loose even more influence in the world in the event of england leaving . 
  agree with the link . 
  not to mention the eu 's influence in the world would be severly diminshed with a british exit . 
  is it really huge ? 
  i would describe the us cinema industry as huge , i highyl doubt the french one compares in comparison . 
  is there many french only titles ? 
  how do you mean ? 
  usa usa usa, 
  it will be somewhere between 4-6 days in the uk . 
  ohhh my apologies . 
  i thought we were talking about this on a global level rather than just in continental europe . 
  seems a bit harsh , but perfectly acceptable for switzerland to do this . 
  if trump becomes president i am leaving this country for good . 
  nice , is brighton & hove worth visiting ? 
  i am planning a trip to the uk ( london specifically ) and then onto paris . 
  is it worth exploring outside of london or not ? 
  not all empires are created equal , they all had different charecteristics . 
  for example , undoubtly the german empire was more brutal and racist than the french empire . 
  but you are welcome to your opinions . 
  * ` english is la lingua franca of the world because of american cultural , political and military dominance ' * i 'm sorry but this is simply not true . 
  you just sound like another ignorant trump supporting american when you say this . 
  english is the lingua franca because the last two superpowers have both been english speaking . 
  [ the first of which spread the english language to all corners of the globe ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/dc/british_empire.svg ) , forcing the language on native populations , and then transporting millions of it 's own citizens to colonised countries to set up legal and political systems based on private property rights and religous freedoms , this lead to many of the colonised countries ( particulary the anglo countries ) to be very rich and influential . 
  the second of the two superpowers , like you have said , went onto immense cultural and ecnomic success in it 's own right . 
  as an american , i find the idea of english becoming the lingua franca if america was the only country that spoke english absolutely laughable . 
  like yeah , we make lot 's of films and tv , but half the reason that stuff is so succesful is because there is an english speaking network of countries to export them to . 
  after all , china have a huge economy and make lots of film and tv , but europeans are not scrambling on mass to learn chinese in order to watch chinese cartoons . 
  niall ferguson does not think colonialism was ok . 
  i 've read much of his work . 
  he just views it through the lens of positive and negative rather than strictly negative . 
  i 'll give you an example . 
  many authors say europe 's occupation of africa was a hugely negative thing with absolutely no positives . 
  but european colonisers ( french in particular ) introduced western medicine to large parts of africa . 
  this resulted in increased living standards and increased life span for millions of africans . 
  this is undoubtly a positive , however many authors will brush this under the rug because it is tarred with the word ` colonialism ' . 
  i can understand why the title sounds a bit nauseating , especially because it is written by a brit . 
  but he gives a fairly sober and reasonable account of what the british empire gave to the world . 
  to deny it 's huge impact on the world we live in today is to deny reality . 
  i mean look at the language we are communicating in for starters . 
  there is every possibility had britain lost the seven years war to france , which likely would of given france the upper hand in the race to colonise the world , french would of become the lingua franca . 
  * ' britain never really had the same dominance culturally as the americans because of the lack of globalization in britains peak ' * i think you need to study history a bit more . 
  the british empire created globalization . 
  it forced the english language , the british parliamentary system , british legal practises , protestantism , and british sports on large portions of the world . 
  the effect is still prevelent today . 
  our culture is great and everything , but our legacy will mostly just be the consumer society . 
  it 's important sure , but it 's nothing * that * special . 
  i 'm currently reading niall ferguson 's 'em pire : how britain made the modern world ' . 
  very interesting stuff !, 
  i think the rivalry between french and brits stems from modern history . 
  the two countries have often been at war/directly competing with wach other . 
  they were both competing empires back in the day . 
  then they fought the seven years war which britain won ( this was effectively a war for who would have control of the world ) . 
  this meant france 's empire and impact on the world was severly diminished , this in turn allowed the uk to build the largest empire in history . 
  france then tried to stamp down it 's authority by occupying all of europe , but the brits ( along with the russians ) ended up toppling napolean 's french empire . 
  this lead to 100 years of pax britanica , which lead to british culture and customs becoming the global standard . 
  they then fought on the same side in two world wars , where britain had to save france twice . 
  since then they have both lost their empires , and have relatively equal economic and population sizes . 
  although it 's become apparent in recent years britain once again has the edge on france ( higher gdp , higher gdp per capita , more jobs/lower unemployment , more prominent culture/pop culture etc ) . 
  considering all of that it does n't surpise me the french are quite often at british throats over the internet . 
  i mean they watch english language movies , listen to british music , play british sports . 
  britain has won the culture war and the french are generally not happy about it . 
  * edit * even over here in the us , much like in the uk , france is regulary mocked for being cowardly etc. 
  this has got to sting the french , the country that replaced britain as the superpower was very much an extension of british culture/influence . 
  they probably wonder how different it all could have been if they had won the seven years war all those years ago . 
  yes , but they are also both part of the uk which is a country . 
  they do n't really need excuses , they are all part of the same country, 
  absolutely , although i 'm not european . 
  yes , i 've seen a few headlines say ` hsbc to move 2,000 jobs to paris ' or ` lloyds to move 1,000 to dublin ' etc. 
  this is by no means good for the british economy , but when you take into account london has half a million financial workers , a few thousand here or there is n't the end of the world . 
  europeans on this sub often imply it will be a killer blow to london 's financial industry , this could n't be further from the truth . 
  * it is only really wilders who wants a vote * is n't that what they used to say about farage ? 
  i 've read netherlands and denmark are the most likely . 
  although they will probably wait to see how it pans out for the uk . 
  yeah , i do n't think the impact would be anywhere near as severe as people on this sub suggest though . 
  why is it bias as fuck ? 
  yep , left leaning millenials probably handed the victory to leave tbh, 
  why would it not be the uk ? 
  sorry man , i know you 're probably in shock and everything but from a north american point of view this massively weakens the eu, 
  damn , why is this so fast ? 
  is all of the eu trying to move there now incase they do a brexit ? 
  could it be because britain is now more economicaly and militarily relevant ? 
  over the brexit campaign i got the impression france are the saltiest country . 
  * it only means that his parents were wealthy enough to send him * well , i do n't know how college works in the uk , but in the us to go to a top college ( harvard , yale , princeton ) you need near perfect grades to enter . 
  is it not the same in the uk ? 
  how does oxford consistently rank near the top of the global rankings if they let in any old idiot who has rich parents ?
