  the more time i spend on here the more i dislike the eu . 
  really hope we sign a quick comprehensive trade deal with the uk like trump has indicated we will . 
  will do . 
  thanks . 
  tbh i have seen a lot of negative opinions of the uk ( and often the us too ) boiling over into outright xenophobia and abuse . 
  i 'll keep an eye out and report in future . 
  great news for the uk . 
  it shows that despite everyone knowing britain will be leaving the single market , employers are still very confident and continuing to invest in the british economy . 
  once the uk leaves and signs a fta with us they 'll be in an extremely strong position . 
  bad for renters , great for owners, 
  yeah , i 've seen some absolute vitriol towards the british in this sub . 
  really surprised the mods do n't do more . 
   republicans are not all eurosceptics only the extreme right wing are like that . 
  that 's not true . 
  i did n't say they all were , but the sweeping majority are . 
  it 's the mainstream republican position in regards to the eu in the u.s. american republicanism values local government and strong border control which the eu stand directly against . 
  add to that an extremly anti-eu pro-uk republican president and it leaves the eu in a very undesirable position . 
  if the eu begins trade wars with other advanced western nation you can bet the usa will not let it slide . 
  look at how strong our economy is and how well we 're doing , leaving a little continental tea party is not going to scratch the behemoth of the uk economy completly agree with this . 
  i ca n't understand the thought process behind some people on this sub . 
  in fact i mostly come here for comedy relief nowadays . 
  the uk economy will do fine outside the eu . 
  over the last 500 years the uk has been at minimum a world power , at times a superpower . 
  leaving a 40 year old loose connection of european states will not change anything . 
   but a real trade war with the eu is something that the congress in the us wont back congress is republican , the sweeping majority of republicans in the u.s are euroskeptic . 
  if they think the eu is initiating a trade way with britain to try and sabotage it 's economy for leaving , they would not shy away from harsh sanctions . 
  america will back its british allies 110 % , if the eu wants to play hardball with the uk both the uk and the us will play hardball with them . 
  yes , i saw that . 
  * according to * a magazine , back in 09 , one country within five eyes * proposed * that france join . 
  france wanted to be granted the same status as the other members and it was resoundly rejected . 
  assuming all the above is true , france were not invited to join and refused . 
  there was a proposal from 1 member , france asked for equal treatment , and was out and out rejected . 
  no it does n't , stop making things up . 
  i have , and it does n't change anything i 've said here . 
  do you have a genuine point to make or are you just arguing for the sake of it ? 
  yes, 
  the argument i often see put forward in this sub is that the uk is a tiny island with little relevance that still seem to think they have an empire . 
  i 'm not too sure if it 's declining either . 
  last i read the uk is having strong population growth and expected to become the largest european economy in the future ? 
  although these figures may have changed . 
  i often see on this sub europeans arguing that the british are irrelevant on the world stage , although from a us perspective this simply is not the case . 
  i wonder how people will react to concrete proof the british parliament exerts influence on the global superpower . 
  i hope this does n't just get downvoted to oblivion . 
  wow , that is an incredible ad !, 
  there 's something eerily beautiful about rural england, 
  * marcian of heraclea , in his periplus maris exteri , used \u03b1\u1f31 \u03a0\u03c1\u03b5\u03c4\u03c4\u03b1\u03bd\u03b9\u03ba\u03b1\u03af \u03bd\u1fc6\u03c3\u03bf\u03b9 ( the prettanic isles , the p later became a b ) to refer to the islands ( 4th century ad ) . 
  historians today , though not in absolute agreement , largely agree that these greek and latin names were probably drawn from native celtic-language names for the archipelago *, 
   hen surely only racist bnp supporters believe it is an appropriate term you 're going to have to enlighten me buddy , what 's bnp ? 
   in ireland we just say in the rest of the world we just say the british isles . 
  it 's what is taught in u.s schools . 
   yes if your a right-wing ignorant brit who refuses to believe the empire ended i really do n't understand this line of argument which i often see against brits on here ? 
  no one here mentioned the british empire , why have you brought it up ? 
  the name the british isles has nothing to do with the british empire as far as i can tell ? 
   it 's an outdated and inaccurate term . 
  just because you do n't like it does n't mean it 's outdated or inaccurate, 
  give it up irish nationalists , the whole world considers you part of the british isles . 
  you ca n't just change facts to suit your political agenda . 
   the most powerful nation in europe i call bs on that . 
  germany does n't even have a proper army does it ? 
  i get germany may be economically powerful on a domestic european level , but you ca n't possibly think germany is more powerful than countries like uk and france that actually have armies . 
  * to know who the fucking pm of germany has been for the last 16 years . 
  * you appear to not even know her job title xd how prominent can she be ? 
  yeah , hence my comment stating i keep seeing these articles pop up . 
  eu people and politically engaged people may know her . 
  but the average person outside of those groups does not . 
  she 's really not that well known at all . 
  i keep seeing these articles pop up trying to paint merkel as one of the key world leaders . 
  she 's not , i get she might be a big deal in the eu , but outside of that most people do n't really know her . 
  can a brit explain to me just what this guys deal is ? 
  do people actually expect him to become prime minister one day ? 
   why target migrants ? 
  it 's more prevalent amongst migrants, 
  this is very good news for england . 
  no doubt it will be thoroughly downvoted in this sub by europeans trying to convince themselves britain will fall off the edge of the world for leaving their political union . 
  * populism is a belief in the power of regular people , and in their right to have control over their government rather than a small group of political insiders or a wealthy elite * i am in full support of populism . 
  over my dead body will a tiny group of elites with a very narrow set of intrests decide everything . 
  the transportation fleet was an [ american and british mix ] ( http://www.dday-overlord.com/eng/battle_normandy_warships.htm ) . 
  the vehicles used on the day were a british american mix , [ although more british than american . 
  ] ( http://www.dday-overlord.com/eng/battle_normandy_vehicles.htm ) as were the [ allied tanks ] ( http://www.dday-overlord.com/eng/battle_normandy_tanks.htm ) . 
  you 're correct in thinking the us made the most weaponary for the allied soilders , but again it was a mix of [ american and british weapons ] ( http://www.dday-overlord.com/eng/battle_normandy_weaponry.htm ) . 
  i do n't think any country would have pulled the invasion off on their own , given the sheer scale of it . 
  and if they did they would not have had enough soilders landing in france to make any real impact . 
  hope nolan makes more ww2 films, 
   not without uncle sam holding their hands not really at all . 
  it was a joint invasion . 
  we took 2 beaches , the brits took 2 beaches and the canadians took 1 . 
  what is the feeling like in the eu at the moment ? 
  by and large is it pro free-trade ? 
  i 've kind of got the opposite impression in recent years . 
  [ have a read here ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/?gfe_rd=cr&amp;ei=ufjpwm3yn6mn8qed9l7ydg&amp;gws_rd=ssl#q=when+did+globalization+begin ) . 
  you 're not very big on facts are you ? 
   and it 's telling that it 's basically unkown in europe . 
  yeah i call bs on that, 
  what !?!, 
  globalization started in the 1500s , we were n't even a country until 1776 lol !, 
  the reason spanish never becamse as prominent is because most of the countries spain conlonized are failed states . 
  whereas the british gave birth to the u.s , canada , australia , new zealand etc and they also forced the english language upon hundredds and hundreds of millions in india and africa . 
   just look at the language of science during the heyday of the british empire . 
  a whole lot of german and french that 's because language takes time to take root and develop . 
  i completly agree , american dominance post ww2 has done a huge amount for the english language .
