  it was later shut down , in part due to pressure from various eco-nutjobs and also because frequent protests , one terrorist attack and constant lawsuits , did n't let the plant to actually run at full capacity . 
  thus making it uneconomical . 
  you would n't steal a policemans helmet . 
  so only reason why germans ditched nuclear were votes ? 
  your last sentence is technically true , but intellectually dishonest to extreme . 
  yes germany produces lot of electricity , when wind blows and sun shines , a lot o subsidized electricity and the subsidies are coming from peoples paychecks . 
  and when you produce too much of it you send it to us , straining our grid . 
  and you do n't give it to us ( i presume you just do n't know how to spell czech , unsurprising given your dismal performance on linguistic front ) you sell it to us . 
  wow you are ignorant , i mean climate change denialist , anti-vaxxer , anti-gmo , homeopathics swallowing level of ignorant . 
  please try to educate yourself , because school obviously failed you . 
  even one google search proves all of your points wrong . 
  because that would not steal votes from greens fast enough . 
  nuclear power , smart grid + energy storage , nuclear power , tidal power plants , nuclear power , did i already mention extremely safe nuclear power plants ? 
  you know , those that merkels government decided to close for no objective reason , causing massive rise in electricity prices . 
  it is not necessary , there are many alternatives but german government is blind to them . 
  this is only reasonable reaction to incompetence of italian government . 
  if they ca n't secure their borders we have to secure ours . 
  he watched the prequels . 
  exactly , those numbers are absurd . 
  do n't worry nagorno-kabarakh still stands . 
  the thing about open borders is that people and ideas tend to cross them . 
  by 1920s irish was already beyond saving , most of the city population used english since 1800s . 
  since this population controlled most of the economy forcing them to switch to irish would cripple the nation . 
  so government had to choose between consigning either their nation or their language to oblivion . 
  the trend will only accelerate as people move into cities , while in isolated villages people can thrive using just irish they ca n't do so in dublin . 
  and since irish has no , or technically none , presence in other countries it is technically useless as language for international communication . 
  and if there is no incentive to learn the language and to use it after you learn it , the language dies . 
  it happened to sorbs , it happened to austrian slavs , it happened to alsatians and it happened to hungarians in slovakia . 
  it happens right now across the globe . 
  regional dialects are dying because they can only survive in isolation . 
  when people start moving around they are no longer exposed to them and eventually abandon them . 
  this could have happened to czechs too , but we were de facto independent for few more centuries than irish . 
  it is a joke because it 's disproportionately small for country of your size and economy . 
  nato is right to demand more spending , right now americans shoulder most of the weight while our enemies grow stronger every day . 
  the only reason there is peace in europe in the first place , is that war would be too costly for potential participants and gain too minuscule to justify the losses . 
  your army is a joke , during several recent exercises your soldiers run out of ammo and did n't even have machine guns . 
  that 's like a definition of joke army . 
  https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/german-army-paints-broomsticks-black-to-resemble-machine-guns-in-nato-exercises-10054468.html http://nationalinterest.org/feature/germanys-military-dying-13748 https://news.vice.com/article/german-official-sounds-alarm-over-the-dilapidated-state-of-the-countrys-military http://www.reuters.com/article/us-germany-security-army-iduskbn17x1xj https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2010/jun/02/germany-kohler-eurozone now this is a joke . 
  it is really telling that you compare germany with czech republic in these matters . 
  country with less than 1/8 of german population and with less 6 % of german gdp , not to mention bunch of other metrics . 
  of course we are going to have less soldiers and money for weapons than germans do . 
  it 's common sense . 
  i knew it was going to be mitchell and webb . 
  seriously that scene always tears me up . 
  so true :d, 
  in my opinion the worst issue is that most europeans despise their army and are unwilling to even consider possibility of war . 
  not during the war . 
  exactly , right it 's just boxes everywhere , and pretty small boxes at that . 
  why do the bad guys have the best designers ? 
  do n't worry most americans believe the same thing you did . 
  no shit . 
  but we can at least justify it by our much smaller and , for most of last three decades , shitty economy . 
  not to mention high government debt and deficit . 
  germany has more than enough money to have capable army , and instead they keep gutting it and pretending it 's just ` police with green uniforms ' . 
  german military is such a joke . 
  undermanned , under supplied , hated by their own people and seen as baggage by politicians . 
  i said this before and i will say this again . 
  i am glad that we do n't depend on germans for defense , because they seriously dropped ball on this one . 
  i am so glad that we do n't depend on germany for defense . 
  no offense , you are great when it come to economy . 
  but your military is a joke and it is a joke for decades . 
  i personally hope that eu military , if there is one , will adopt a different sane approach . 
  otherwise we can just spare ourselves the trouble and invite russians . 
  hence the word ` was ' instead of word ` am ' . 
  i know you are kidding but i already was banned , twice i think . 
  i have this weird feeling in my chest . 
  could it be ... pride ? 
  no there are the same . 
  arguably worse since only hardcore communists stayed after revolution . 
  they deny that they did anything wrong . 
  according to them all political prisoners and executed dissidents were traitors who deserved what happened to them . 
  torturers were simply doing their job and uranium mines needed prisoners to function properly . 
  they also believe that ukraine conflict is nato black-flag operation and that germans are just biding their time to take sudetenland . 
  seriously these guys are the real deal . 
   i 'd prefer more unemployment and more added value . 
  you must have very good job , or some other stable source of income . 
  go tell that to people living paycheck to paycheck or people who just got off welfare and for first time in years can afford little extra . 
  yes they have same preference . 
  but for first time since the revolution they are both second in voter preference and with willing coalition partner . 
  in order : his name is andrej babis . 
  he is a minister of finance and just made our pm look like total idiot . 
  he is also second or third richest man in the country , he owns massive agro-chemical conglomerate and invests in pretty much everything , from media to iv-fertilization clinics . 
  speaking of media . 
  he owns several major newspapers and one of biggest radio stations . 
  few years ago he founded his own neoliberal/populist party ano ( czech word for yes ) . 
  since then they keep getting more and more power , despite being pretty much one-man-show . 
  he got his money by robbing our country blind in the 90s . 
  that 's the way most of our rich people started so nothing out of ordinary . 
  it is very , very likely . 
  his party consistently comes up highest in polls for last two months or so . 
  recent scandals only helped them . 
  all traditional right wing parties are crushed by deserting electorate , scandals and incapable leadership . 
  social democrats , our pms party , have lost most of their voters and are now third in most polls . 
  to make things worse , babis is all buddy , buddy with our senile president ( milos zeman , former social democrat and trumps role model , seriously , their resemblance is uncanny ) , so there is no chance of president not-honoring traditions and blocking his pm bid . 
  and do you want the `` cherry '' on top of all this shit ? 
  the party that will probably come second are communists , literally . 
  the assholes who robbed and brutalized our people for four fucking decades are back . 
  sweden is `` western europe '' and bow to every demand of commission they are off limits . 
  now central europe , we are free game . 
  i hate to say this but i 'm with babis on this .
