  the territory used to be administered by uk so thats where some of the confusion comes from . 
  no but we could make stuff more effective with relatively few adjustments . 
  say vitamin c production would come in handy and that 's just one gene . 
  genetic diseases are , almost without exception , incurable . 
  once you have them they are with you for life and that life can be very short and painful because of them . 
  unfortunately even if you yourself do n't show any symptoms you can pass it to your children , only option , until now , was to get checked , which is not cheap , and if you are positive not have any children . 
  in this case the problem is in mitochondrial dna . 
  you see inside all of our cells are these incredibly small things called mitochondria . 
  very long time ago they were bacteria but our very distant ancestors ( billions of years ago ) , absorbed them . 
  since then we and all other animals and many other organisms use them as powerplants . 
  we provide protection and food , and they convert the food into energy . 
  mitochondria have , over time , lost most of their dna . 
  they did n't need it since we took care of most of what it was responsible for . 
  but some of it is still left . 
  if it is damaged you can suffer from some pretty horrifying stuff . 
  and in worst case you can die , young and in lots of pain . 
  now the mitochondria are passed from mother , they are present in every unfertilized egg . 
  this technology allows us to take out the defective mitochondria and replace them with functional ones . 
  the child has all the characteristics of its mother , all of that is encoded in nucleus of the egg which is not changed at all during the procedure . 
  only thing that it takes from the donor is functional metabolism . 
  now here come the awesome part , since mitochondria are passed from mother to child we can , over time , essentially wipe out all mitochondrial diseases just by performing mitochondrial donations on sick human eggs . 
  this technology was already tested in usa several years ago and it 's completely safe . 
  the children are healthy and according to all data show no signs of abnormalities . 
  unfortunately due to luddite scaremongering the us government decided against allowing the technology , despite being advised to allow it by its own agencies and experts . 
  and thus children kept on dying , in pain , couples experienced multiple stillbirths , women were abandoned by husbands and slipped into depression . 
  all because people were afraid of something that is impossible . 
  harsh , but there is just no other feasible way . 
  it would be bigger but , well ottomans happened . 
  good job uk . 
  hopefully others will follow . 
  there is no reason to let people suffer if we can prevent it . 
  it might be best to not leave anything to chance . 
  time to get the crown jewels , you do yours , we do ours , just hope the hungarians can get st. stephens crown from the chest properly this time . 
  hey can we join too ? 
  if we get lusatia we will help you get tyrol and minority areas in romania . 
  / r/austria can we get the kuk monarchy back together ? 
  because things were not going well since it fell apart . 
  well right now the greeks do n't have the best reputation and at the same time eu wants turkey to take care of the refugee problem . 
  yeah , we indoeuropeans are not very inventive folk . 
  at least when it comes to words . 
  those things are great . 
  i had so much fun in them as a kid . 
  interesting , to be honest i was considering editing the headline at first , i thought it was a typo . 
  i wish i could consider this to be a good news . 
  i mean , sure austrians did n't pick the populist that 's nice . 
  but the fact that all other major parties had to band together to win , and using candidate who holds some pretty fringe views that should be concerning . 
  pretty much every country has it . 
  what varies is how visible and harmful it is . 
  countries with many checks on power and strong , politically active society like austria , germany or usa can endure incredibly corrupt/crazy people in charge and recover . 
  good , saves resources for next round of deportations . 
  there is also the fact that calling your country macedonia gives you implicit claim on the region called macedonia , which is partially in greece . 
  shit . 
  well it was shot in the dark , but to be honest there is so much ridiculous stuff about trump that i hoped that no one will notice . 
  yeah but just in theory . 
  in practice they end up very differently . 
  klaus is not a president anymore and ods got pushed pretty far back from their once sure position . 
  right now we got milos zeman for president ( former leader of czech social democratic party ) and center right coalition government with sprinkle of populism on top . 
  generally its the same thing as with us . 
  just with more money . 
  corruption , populism , denying that there are problems just to look good , regional mismanagement that sort of thing . 
  as with most things it 's not as bad as people want to see it , but it 's still not very good . 
  if displaced means looking for work in capital then sure . 
  one of current austrian ministers is wolfgang sobotka . 
  seriously , there are lots of germanized czechs in austria and bohemized germans in cz . 
  in 1910s there were more czechs in vienna than in brno . 
  i am not sure that her husband uses that word when he refers to her . 
  angela merkel : `` i will continue with policy that empowered far right , caused several terror attacks and is partly responsible for brexit . 
  oh , and btw could you take some of these refugees ? '', 
  that is outrageous sir !, 
  how dare you suggest that yuropeans are in any way similar to those uncultured american slobs ? 
  so google is yurop company now ? 
  yeah it 's nice . 
  i mean what is wrong with presenting your work . 
  especially when its such nice machinery . 
  nice , really nice . 
  just keep it up , things can go wrong rather drastically if you mismanage them . 
  just look at greece and italy . 
  but , but britain is supposed to be falling apart ? 
  it will be about the same . 
  at least in the evening . 
  if you want my advice do n't go in the very center of the square . 
  the stands there are not interesting enough to warrant the pushing and possibility of getting your pockets picked clean . 
  stick to the edges and you will see more than if you went into scrummage . 
  you fail to understand the mindset of liberal politicians . 
  they can not comprehend that others can view them as enemies , at best they think that others disagree with them and if they were more educated they would agree . 
  in their mind the world is full of good but sometimes misguided people who just wish to get along with each other and live in our modern society , complete with freedom of expression , women rights , open borders/markets and annual gay pride parades . 
  yeah but what can you want from a woman with no stake in future of her country , or even the world . 
  good idea , but there are several problems . 
  european heavy industry almost all privatized . 
  you would have to pressure owners to switch to unprofitable goods or you would have to heavily subsidize the goods you want to produce . 
  unlike in china , the heavy industry in europe is heavily regulated . 
  not just environmentally speaking but also regarding workers rights , safety , community responsibility etc. 
  because of that our industry can hardly compete on costs with foreign imports . 
  unless strict tariffs were implemented . 
  but that would go against free trade policies that merkel and eu centrists traditionally push for . 
  not to mention the fact that it would hit the middle and upper class , you know , the people the politicians are closest to . 
  european heavy industry is in decline for last two decades . 
  at very least relative to the rest of the world and probably even in total output . 
  numerous factories were shut down and torn down . 
  workers moved into different jobs , others emigrated and many retired .
