  previous mainstream parties , ods , kdu-csl , top09 are reduced to margins , while populists take lead . 
  even if they can not form government themselves they will have more power in it than their partners . 
  they already hold the most important ministry , finance . 
  well they wanted to call it danubian federation but archduke nixed it . 
  thanks , i was n't sure about the english term . 
  i knew the german one but i thought that if i used it people would think i 'm german and thus biased . 
  as for why i 'm not a monarchist . 
  it 's mostly pragmatism , some changes are just impossible or near impossible to push trough and reinstating monarchy is one of them . 
  but if the monarchy already exists and its bound by modern constitution i see no reason to abolish it . 
  ano is populist and , according the polls , they are going to win . 
  out of all our center parties , ony cssd is going to reach its traditional percentage , kscm will come third . 
  it looks like quite massive win for populists to me . 
  i highly doubt this is sincere or that it will last if it is . 
  populists are posed to win next general elections massively . 
  most people like milos zeman and support hungary and poland . 
  hell most wish we built a fence on our borders like they did . 
  our prime minister even said that he does not want any strong islamic community in our land . 
  sources : [ support for presidents views . 
  good idea . 
  alone we are weak , czech republic , austria , slovakia , hungary , poland , lets face it we are nobodies when it comes to real power . 
  alone we can not be equal partners to germany or france . 
  but together we could , for the first time in a century , mean something . 
  i am no monarchist , i do n't seek return of c a k monarchie , i know that ah was not always the best place on earth , but compared to western colonial empires or russia it was not half bad . 
  and ever since we split up it was downhill . 
  wwii , soviet dominance , ethnic cleansing that was inflicted on us and that we inflicted on others . 
  and for what ? 
  what did we get for all that blood in extermination camps , sweat in soviet and nazi factories , tears of our starving and raped ? 
  independence ? 
  we barely stayed independent for few decades . 
  democracy ? 
  we had less say than before . 
  the way forward is unity , not division . 
  yeah , right . 
  i forgot about that guy . 
  and that 's without mentioning how he got all of this in the first place . 
  it was not , then babis showed up . 
  he also owns radio , another major newspaper , largest agri-chemical conglomarate , leads his own party and is a second richest czech . 
  thanks poland !, 
  nope , no behelit . 
  honestly , we were better off in the empire . 
  i mean , sure , hapsburgs had funny chins and were sometimes harsh . 
  but they were much better than prussians or russians . 
  not to mention nazis or commies . 
  if there was one state instead of 5 , maybe we would have a chance . 
  bene\u0161 , he fucked up 1938 and 1948 , truly , leader without equal . 
  czech republic, 
  this time it 's a right thing to do . 
  but it establishes dangerous precedent . 
  eu is facing several different crisis right now , greece , ukraine , migration , terrorism , brexit . 
  scaring foreign investment right now might not be exactly a good idea . 
  i know serbs are not friendly towards my country or , at very least , nato of which we are member . 
  but that is beside the point . 
  and who decides if they earned the right ? 
  you ? 
  and how would they even `` earn '' it ? 
  in fact , who ever earned it ? 
  good . 
  and secession referendum should be next . 
  serbs deserve self determination . 
  north kosovo should follow . 
  or benevolent , my people lived under both . 
  we prefer it this way . 
  north of cyprus comes to mind . 
  it would make life a hell for turkish settlers and genociders while also getting us rid of migrants . 
  hmm , i guess ruined would be better than undwelled . 
  it loses some of the nuance but there is less chance of misunderstanding . 
  so what exactly does this law do ? 
  are those real courses ? 
  omg, 
  thanks stranger , always happy to learn more . 
  what about red dwarf , smegheads ? 
  since it involves time travel apparently ... let 's not get our hopes up and expect mark watney . 
  ok let 's do this , but i think we need to annex carniola first . 
  way to go germany , this goes on you will be worse than usa when it comes to information laws . 
  well you sort of already are . 
  it is an interview with isis fighter from belgium so i think that it is relevant for our subreddit . 
  yeah but what to do about it ? 
  about every solution i can think of involves violence or can end with it if things go wrong . 
  one way or another lots of people will die . 
  they are not idiots . 
  only thing worse than having britain leave eu is britain leaving pissed , hurt and whole thing looking like a punishment . 
  it 's like a divorce , even if your wife files for it and only she wants it , it 's still no reason to act like a dick and make no compromise . 
  but we are so much better then brits and ` muricans right ? 
  fuck this shit . 
  my childhood , why ? 
  it would n't be out of character for him to lie about staying in moscow . 
  that being said i do n't know for sure if it 's true that he run away so i will hold my judgement . 
  for a good reason , we saw what happened to greece and are very aware of how corrupt our politicians are . 
  i loathe trump , he is hurting usa and the world , he is an asshole and the last person that should go into politics . 
  although lot of it might be the alzheimer ( look it up it 's in his family ) . 
  but in this case he is right . 
  just like the proverbial clock . 
  so much clay ... 
  jara cimrman : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxuwsh-u_-o some of it is lost in the translation , the premise is that there was czech ( austro-hungarian ) genius forgotten by history and these guys are rediscovering his theatrical work . 
  they even made a mockumentary about him in the 80s . 
  these subsidies : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budget_of_the_european_union#eu-28_contributions_.282014.29 although they might not be called that way they effectively are . 
  the biggest among them is cap but there are others mostly those involved with infrastructure grants . 
  swedish military is laughably incapable as proven by its own reports . 
  https://www.svd.se/forsvar-med-tidsgrans also conscription ended in 2010 and was reinstated this year exactly because how pathetic the swedish army became without it . 
  no i meant , regions as government office regions , those include for example entire midlands , north west , south east etc.
