  increasing industrial capacity would not be easy . 
  last but not least . 
  in short term this policy would be very painful . 
  and elections are coming up in germany and france , not to mention referendum in italy . 
  therefore it would be , to say at least , bold to pursue a policy that will cause discontent among electorate . 
  yeah , and lots of other stuff was already workable by that time as well . 
  including electric cars and solar panels . 
  but alas , neither was economical enough to warrant widespread adoption . 
  if your argument is that the other side is stupid , keep your mouth shut !, 
  i mean this guy had grammar school right ? 
  i thought they teach rhetoric there or something . 
  serbians should not forget this . 
  it is very easy to forget the evil one does , much easier than forgetting the evil done to him . 
  we czechs have lot of experience with this , and let me tell you : pretending it did n't happen does not heal the wounds , it only lets them fester . 
  but i would like to point out , that the fact that serbians were brutal aggressors during the wars should not diminish their value when it comes to self determination , or their value as human beings in general . 
  do n't you have a referendum to worry about ? 
  punish them . 
  there is something called high treason they are guilty of . 
  if she represents liberalism , i am not a liberal . 
  finally they made the right decision . 
  they should go and help people in the actual war zones where they can safe more lives than by hauling migrants to italy . 
  i think latin would be : `` vade retro satana ! '', 
  there are actually more obese countries than us already . 
  map projection does not solve their food supply issues , unstable geopolitics or effects of climate change . 
  i do n't know how they will cope , but we will do worse , that much i can tell you already . 
  you see manufacturing jobs are pretty much only thing we can compete in with west . 
  we got lower wages and skilled workforce , not to mention stable government . 
  take that from us and what do we have ? 
  seriously , forcing us to refuse marshall plan was the dick move from soviets . 
  i mean , fuck , the war is over , millions dead , people starve , infrastructure in ruins and we have to refuse help ? 
  good idea , every eu country should be thinking about getting bigger army . 
  diplomacy can only take you so far , sometimes you need a stick . 
  hey / u/vernazza is right in this matter , do n't take it away from him . 
  a week from now another pakistani sex slave ring will be brought to light , a returned isis guy will try to stab few soldiers in france or a car driven by recently-radicalized muslim will ram bunch of people . 
  but this is his moment , so be nice to him and respect his believes . 
  good , we have to push back against this madness . 
   charming fellow . 
  muslim . 
  you just got redpilled , welcome among us . 
  for decades the elites told people that this is just some racist conspiracy theory . 
  then it turned out to be much , much worse . 
  then the elites told the people that they must not leave eu , guess what the people did ? 
  it worked for turkey in 1920s did n't it ? 
  oh , well pardon me for not knowing that austria engages in this madness , and no it does n't work . 
  nsdap legitimacy was lost by them losing a war and causing immense suffering , not by some arbitrary ban on their symbols . 
  for the same reason you have diminished support for communist parties in former eastern block . 
  and as for political power , former and largely unapologetic nazis were part of german government since 1950s when adenauer ended denazification . 
  and as you can see every year , nazis are still very active in germany , they still go around , murdering , pushing into armed forces . 
  the policy is failure as demonstrated by recent scandals and even if it was a success , which it provably is n't , it would be immoral and incredibly dangerous . 
  so , i 'm afraid you are wrong on this one . 
  yep , i missed a word . 
  tell me , would :  i trust you want to be edgy , but it does n't like this . 
  make any sense . 
  anyway my point stands , you contribute nothing to discussion with this nonsensical `` quip '' . 
  sure , but i am ( and every decent person should be ) against state dictating what opinions have to be taken down . 
  i trust you want to be edgy , but it does n't like this . 
  ok so tell me what are results of absurd censorship of anything nazi related in germany ( no other western country has so many restrictions on nazi symbols and texts ) . 
  because if it worked , and it does not , then one would expect to find no nazis in germany at all , or , at least , no active nazi gangs going around murdering minorities , which germany has . 
  there are laws penalizing violence you know . 
  you do n't need censorship ( which you admitted does n't work ) punish murders . 
  not completely , and since nazis are still around it does n't work here either . 
  the only way to kill an idea is to kill everyone who holds it . 
  do you want to do that ? 
  most people on internet can barely find my country on map and think that our greatest export is porn , and sometimes beer . 
  so i know how you feel . 
  anyway , as i said norway can diversify easily , granted when it comes to more than tenth of your economy it will take some effort , and probably pain . 
  but you can do it . 
  read it , shrug , move along . 
  if it was on my property i would probably remove it , their freedom ends where my begins and all . 
  so we should censor the internet right ? 
  that will solve this `` issue '' . 
  i can still see lotharingia . 
  i 'm still omitting a lot . 
  it gets really interesting when you realize that hussite wars happened at the same time as ottoman push into europe , triple schism ( three popes excommunicating each other ) and joan of arc . 
  by the way , joan wrote a letter to hussites , a warning , that when she 's done with english she will be coming to bohemia . 
  i know it sounds like alt-history fic but [ here it is . 
  ] ( http://archive.joan-of-arc.org/joanofarc_letter_march_23_1430.html ), 
  that 's a rather large chunk of gdp , but yes you are not dependent on it as much as russia or iran . 
  the question is more about your sovereign fund and what does it mean for your social state . 
  but i believe that you can handle it . 
  the poles are guilty of techheresy ,, 
  it was common in reformation , but in 15th century burning monasteries filled with monks and books was still seen as a liiitle too much . 
  i do , unlike my opponents . 
  [ obyvatelstvo \u010cesk\u00e9 republiky v dlouhodob\u00e9 perspektiv\u011b ] ( http://geography.cz/geograficke-rozhledy/wp-content/uploads/2007/10/str26-27.pdf ) you can notice that it took centuries for our population to recover from hussite wars . 
  as for specific examples : town n\u011bmeck\u00fd brod ( renamed havl\u00ed\u010dk\u016fv brod after expulsion of germans ) - pillaged and burned by hussites during peace negotiations . 
  sects of adamites and pikarts - members were were forced into buildings ( in one case a drum ) and burned to death , again by hussites first defenestration of prague - governement of new town of prague thrown from windows and slaughtered by a hussite mob dozens of pillaged and burned monasteries and churches in bohemia - you can still see the ruins in benesov for example . 
  prague university ( today charles university ) - almost all foreign experts leave founding university in lipzig , effectively crippling our higher learning and turning bohemia into backwater , in next century lipzig university overshadows the one in prague construction of st. vitus cathedral stops , as do all other non-military construction projects renaissance reaches bohemia decades after being entrenched in rest of holy roman empire and europe the list goes on and on , i could talk about `` hussite king '' jiri z podebrad losing moravia due to his ineptitude and diplomatic isolation or about sigismund selling land to anyone interested , in order to fund war against hussites , but i 'm not in the mood . 
  if you want to know the truth , rather comfortable lies of 19th century nationalists , grab a book '' \u017di\u017eka a jeho doba '' by jozef pekar or pretty much anything written after 1989 . 
  by the way , think about who peddled the myth of virtuous hussites the most , the former communist government . 
  the fact that one of most corrupt and brutal regimes our country experienced embraced hussites as it 's progenitor should be big red flag ( pun intended ) . 
  millions ? 
  citations please . 
  and yes hussites were monsters . 
  guys who break into monastery , rape and kill everyone and desecrate the corpses are nothing but monsters . 
  it does make me superior to those who just chant `` kdo\u017e su bo\u017e\u00ed bojovn\u00edci . '', 
  ( `` who are gods warriors - hussite battle anthem '' ) and forget about slaughter that song heralded . 
  and it does make me superior to those who think that theocratic society of tabor was some sort of communist utopia . 
  they literally crippled our country and opened it foreign takeover . 
  catholic as in split-off-from-catholic-church-while-seeing-themselves-as-the-only-faithful . 
  no they were almost exactly like isis .
