  as detailed here https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/regions_of_england the question you should ask yourself is who funds these divisions and how many would a scotland be able to afford . 
  i 'm not so sure : https://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2017-02-23/u-k-faces-60-billion-euro-brexit-bill-austrian-chancellor-says https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-03-04/u-k-has-no-obligation-to-pay-eu-in-no-deal-brexit-lords-say https://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2017-03-09/german-brexit-memo-stresses-eu-unity-will-be-paramount-in-talks from last week or so . 
  but you must understand that finland , czech republic for that matter , have almost zero say in these things . 
  it will come down to net contributors to eu budget , which are just germany , france , spain and italy , they have leverage to pass pretty much any law they want in eu parliament and to make our governments sign almost any treaty . 
  those subsidies are just too much of a treat to lose . 
  well they would be country of five million people , there are regions in england that have more than that , with left-leaning government made up of basically just one party , so i suspect they will treat their military like belgium or sweden . 
  neglect it and hope that they will never need it . 
  well situation changed and emotions run high , which is good for the nationalists because that 's pretty much all they have , emotions . 
  the rhetoric from eu is very negative in that regard . 
  basically they want to punish the uk for the brexit and make it sort of example to the others . 
  the more uk suffers the less likely it is that others will try to break off in the future . 
  even better if it breaks apart . 
  sad , but that 's the way eu politicians play the game . 
  not that i do n't understand it , from a political point of view , it 's not nice but it definitely is a effective approach . 
  wow , you got really angry and insulting there , not just towards uk but poland too . 
  hey my great grandfather was stationed there in wwi !, 
  politicians are mentioned often , but how often we actually talk about their policies , what party we vote for etc. 
  no i do not think so . 
  only thing that would accomplish is driving them into arms of the russia . 
  and lets be honest that 's like the last thing we should want at this point . 
  so we got political rallies with flags and signs now ? 
  i though people made fun of americans for doing these . 
  trust me czechs do n't give a shit about religion . 
  sure there are plenty of jokes about promiscuous priests and greedy jews , but most of the time the topic of religion is just like topic of politics , rarely mentioned . 
  unless you act like an asshole , we do n't like fundamentalists around here , no matter the creed . 
  that 's pretty much the way it always was . 
  most of the time people never really cared about faith , hence many ignored papal edicts and calls for crusades and what not . 
  the imperial authority is high again , kaiserin will soon convene the estates and enact gemeiner pfennig !, 
  but those imperial lands in britain are probably going to fall into hands of non-member very soon . 
  the guy was mentally ill , there are plenty of examples of actual radicals among migrants , we do n't have to fabricate new ones . 
  and in fact we should not , it 's not only dishonest and dangerous , it devalues our position . 
  the same goes in general . 
  there are probably plenty examples supporting your position , do not undermine yourself and your opinions by fabricating stuff . 
  i will edit . 
  yeah that 's why pretty much everyone went , and stayed , in the eu . 
  defense ? 
  opposition to russia ? 
  hmm , i think that 's it . 
  not that we are much better . 
  edit : and money , but that 's true for everyone . 
  he is a nationalist , that by itself makes him inclined to be irrational . 
  you ca n't win argument with these people , they just repeat themselves like broken record and have no self reflection at all . 
  negligible compared to many regions in uk and many eu countries , being resource rich is nice but wait until you have to explain to locals why their land must turn into mine . 
  if it is n't nationalism than call for referendum in entire north , and do n't call new country scotland but union of north britain , and maybe everyone should get to vote in entire uk , or even better , let counties have their own referendums if they want to leave or stay , after all this is not about nationality at all . 
  yes but they were not the main points , just like with brexit it came down to emotional arguments . 
  what is it ? 
  maybe negligible population , superior ports just stone throw away , economic inertia from previous centuries when scotland was really poor and undeveloped because of climate , global economic downturn in rural areas or maybe local government with wide rights and capabilities that somehow still manages to blame rest of the country . 
  maybe those are the reasons . 
  well the oil is not the cash cow it used to be thats for sure . 
  but as i said before , this is and was about feelings not the facts . 
  because if it was they would talk about trade balance , industry supply chains and currency . 
  i do n't think nationalism has anything to do with reason . 
  i think that , just like all political issues , it is more dependent on feelings . 
  right now lot of scottish are pissed at `` westminster '' and feel like they were lied to . 
  so they want to retaliate . 
  just like englishmen were pissed at `` brussels bureaucrats '' and felt like they were lied to . 
  so they retaliated . 
  even the arguments are the same , they just replaced few terms . 
  it is stupid but yeah , that 's nationalism for you . 
  essentially as big a fuck up a brexit was the independence would be much worse , especially with current oil prices and the fact that scotlands economy is incredibly tied to uks . 
  one way or the other , we are going to get downvoted for this . 
  hating uk is so cool these days . 
  yes it is simplistic i know that . 
  i do n't have time or energy to discuss this at length so i resort to short summaries . 
  my point is , that today it 's sometimes presented like clear cut kind of conflict , fascist vs. democrats , when in fact it was much more complicated and looked more like syria today then american revolution in 1700s . 
  anyway , time and time again , when these types of conflicts erupt , the most ruthless and radical factions tend to win . 
  for example : russian revolution , syrian civil war , french revolution , chinese civil war , if we are really liberal with definitions than germany in 20s/30s , iranian revolution , cambodia , the list goes on and on . 
  sure in the end the things stabilized but only after often decades of terrible oppression and immeasurable slaughter . 
  so , my personal opinion as a person with next to none academic history education , is that in the end victory of moderate republicans was very , very unlikely . 
  and you wonder why there is a growing resentment in the east ? 
  it 's a subsidy elimination , fucking clickbait . 
  true , the civil war was essentially fight between two evils , we will never know what eventual outcome of republican victory would look like . 
  but judging by their actions and tendencies it would n't be much better , and it could be possibly much worse . 
  imagine iberian yugoslavia ... 
  shit , i can still see the iron curtain . 
  spain was kind of a black swan , and that 's mostly thanks to fact that franco , while a ruthless dictator , did n't go mad with power and remained , more or less , reasonable . 
  yes , what we should do is send them money and give them better economic deals than uk , because those are the real villains . 
  / s in case it was not obvious . 
  how dare you ? 
  goebbels was such a nice a guy !, 
  tangerian candidate , or maybe orangian candidate ... 
  have you looked at our caps recently ? 
  um , we do have that . 
  oh the wonders of globalism , almost as amusing as czech nationalist tomio okamura . 
  yep , i for one would appreciate more vietnamese in my country . 
  they are good , industrious people and their kids act and talk like we do , hell they got less accent than most ethnic czechs . 
  what kind of help ? 
  tell me , what do you have actually . 
  if tomorrow czechia came under attack , does not matter from whom , how many men would the portugal send to help us ? 
  how long would you munitions stocks and fuel reserves last ? 
  tell me , if you are so sure about your position , what contribution can you make with your current budget . 
  wait , is n't that kind of established fact ? 
  i mean cool , but why make it a big news he said so . 
  not for long , removing baguette intensifies ... 
  so your military policy is to use others as buffer states ? 
  wow , with friends like these who need enemies . 
  but it should be noted that kdu\u010csl is political equivalent of a weathercock . 
  their most important policy is : `` in government no matter what '' . 
  they will do pretty much anything if it gets them seats in cabinet . 
  many catholics and other christians already left the party due to scandals and now support other parties .
