  honeymoon is over ? 
  [ czechs remember . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fatzgv0pfb4 ), 
  please do n't become eurofighter 2.0 . 
  yeah , it is petty . 
  but that guy is so obnoxious that for many people just saying it feels wrong . 
  yeah and also you did n't think that it might cost more in different countries . 
  it 's probably because our president milos zeman introduced the term . 
  he is about as capable as donald trump and about as divisive . 
  there are no other options !, 
  all of our food is like that . 
  i feel like i 'm taking crazy pills or something . 
  there are no other options !, 
  all of our food is like that . 
  i feel like i 'm taking crazy pills or something . 
  we have worse taste and almost as pricey . 
  honestly , that guy lost the nickname lottery . 
  all royal families , and most noble , families today can trace their lineage to charles the great so their not hiding , more like , presenting their wealth . 
  he should have more statues . 
  truly a great example of european leader . 
  carolingian ( or karling ) dynasty was full of them . 
  and their legacy is still alive today . 
  you should have one of trajan . 
  i 'm not sure he belongs into same list as leopold . 
  same means , different ends . 
  well at least he says something . 
  i half expected him to just look into camera and drool . 
  seriously the guy is walking poster for dementia . 
  i mean the hardware is decent , no argument about that . 
  but there is serious problem if you want to customize almost anything , besides the fact that it 's borderline impossible to repair . 
  i will wait for further confirmation , but it would not surprise me in the slightest . 
  one can argue that dawkins/hitchens have turned their atheism from philosophical view into defining feature of their life style . 
  at least outwards . 
  we are not in middle or recession , our budget has surplus , economy is growing and state pays the salaries of clergy for many decades . 
  i fully agree with this . 
  in past decade the planned obsolescence entered even corporate laptop market . 
  it used to be matter of few screws to open a workstation and change drive , memory or keyboard , but now you often have to pry the cover open . 
  and the plastic can and does break . 
  seriously fuck apple and their approach to electronics . 
  i had the `` pleasure '' of dealing with their laptops on corporate level , and while they generally worked very well , they were a nightmare when they actually broke down . 
  the only repair shop we could send them to was slow as fuck , and sometimes they returned the machine without doing anything . 
  and yes they did send us the bill anyway . 
  good , we should keep them at least at that level . 
  tiny sea turtles are determination incarnate . 
  now that is a nice turtle . 
  seriously we should do more to protect our oceans , moratorium on fishing in certain areas alone would be awesome . 
  the survivors can return already . 
  the radiation levels are safe . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cc/fukushima_i_accidents_fukushima_iod-131_tap_water_contamination.png https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/japanese_reaction_to_fukushima_daiichi_nuclear_disaster#long-term_effects long term effects are mostly psychological , people can come back !, 
  what is it that you do n't understand ? 
  20 million people , where did you get that number ? 
  because the webpages you provided say nothing about it . 
  `` nuclear super gau '' could you maybe at least try write properly ? 
  your `` no capital letters '' policy makes your posts even more painful to read . 
  nuclear reactors are safe , your gau ( that 's how you should write it btw ) is outright impossible . 
  fukushima happened because of massive tsunami hitting the plant . 
  i do n't think that happens in germany or netherlands very often , or at all . 
  how many people actually died from exposure to radioactivity in fukushima ? 
  how many died due to the tsunami ? 
  now tell me who has `` mental problems '' , numbers are on my side , all you have is `` omg im scarred of stufff ica n't see , imagine what could happen if dozens of improbable stuff happened at onece . 
  think of the childern '' . 
  and yes that 's how you write . 
  can you tell me if you have any actual facts on your side ? 
  and worlds reaction is ... 
  how many people actually died from exposure to radioactivity in fukushima ? 
  how many died due to tsunami that caused this shitstorm ? 
  it is because of scaremongering , luddites like you that people are still homeless . 
  because area around fukushima is safe for several years now , but japanese government has to keep cleaning it , even though it 's useless , to appease people like you . 
  wasting billions while people live in shelters . 
  well when they hate america ( because trump is a douche ) they `` have to '' love opponents of america . 
  and since russia sort of messed up they picked iran and china . 
   it 's frustrating when not only are external parties funding these groups but on top of that are creating scaremongering populations who do n't understand how it works but are whipped into action . 
  exactly , people often think : `` i ca n't see radiation , it must be magic !!!, 
  there is nowhere to hide , it will last forever ! '', 
  we have decades of misinformation by greenpeace and others to thank for that . 
  the fact that radioactive materials get less radioactive over time , or that alpha radiation can be blocked by normal clothes , or that just staying inside a granite building makes you little radioactive , all of those things are brushed away . 
  and so we burn more gas , oil and coal . 
  we poison our air , our water and become dependent on imports of chinese solar panels . 
  his fear is invalid and makes him exactly as ignorant as moon-landing hoax believer . 
  if not more . 
  well your statement and your grasp of english are of very dubious value . 
  nuclear waste is perfectly safe , unless you eat it , all you need to do is to keep it in barrels and wait . 
  radiation drops continuously , the more radioactive something is , the faster it drops . 
  but that is highschool physics , so something you should know . 
  fukushima and chernobyl caused very little damage in real terms , fukushima has safe levels of radiation for years , chernobyl is also safe , unless you go into reactor room . 
  if there was only some magical repository of human knowledge where you could learn that . 
  oh wait , the internet . 
  potential damage is minuscule as is evident in fukushima , chernobyl and ... yeah where else ? 
  storage of nuclear waste is a problem with dozens of known solutions , the only problem is that people are too uneducated about the issue . 
  so they do n't want the storage close to where they live . 
  if you do n't want to invest in dying energy source why invest in fossille fuels ? 
  you know , like coal , natural gas , which is exactly what your government does !, 
  all the coal you burned while you whined about nuclear power , released more radioactivity into atmosphere than all nuclear power plants in germany . 
  terror attacks are not an issue , because blowing up reactor is extremely hard , bordering on impossible even for older reactors , and completely impossible with modern reactors . 
  as for discrediting you . 
  if you want to write something first figure out how to write it , or at very least turn on the magic of autocorrect , there is no shame in using it . 
  it will save you some embarrassment in the future . 
  i agree with your points . 
  the problem is that no serious research can be done in modern reactor designs , in europe at least , because of scaremongering ecofreaks . 
  for example first fast breeder reactor was built in france , the power plant was called superph\u00e9nix and was completed in 1981 .
