  we are already divided , do n't make it worse macron . 
  the only thing these statements do is provide arguments for euroskeptics and nationalists , when people feel threatened they rally to leader . 
  if eu sanctions poland or hungary it will only bolster their ruling parties and radicalize the hardliners . 
  yep , it seems we have a crisis in the west . 
  the problem with le pen is not much her stated policies as her implied policies and their impact . 
  you see if she wins these election the eu will be crippled for entire duration of her presidency . 
  you think it 's bad now ? 
  what do you think will happen when only ( barely ) sane leader in eu will be merkel ( fuck her energy policy and approach to immigration but she is ok otherwise ) . 
  oh on , please . 
  not again . 
  seriously this is getting closer than i would like . 
  lets hope macros does n't make the same mistake clinton did and keeps campaigning until the very end . 
  wow , mitteleuropa is doing a lot better than the rest . 
  i 'm most surprised by hungary . 
  given what i know/hear about orban i would expect shit show . 
  [ gott erhalte franz den kaiser ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=06643umejzg ), 
  well if it came to actual war you can bet your ass that genocide would be involved . 
  turko/greek conflict is has all the ingredient for that . 
  well if texas does then it truly has almost universal support , right ? 
  texas is one of most right-wing states and unlike most of the others it has real economic pull and massive influence on republican party . 
  and right now republicans hold both chambers and presidency , if they see it as vote winner they might actually pass it . 
  every once in a while i am proud of my country . 
  today is one of those times . 
  doritos ? 
  wait , how could someone think that ? 
  are things really that bad ? 
  the problem is that people have already trouble comprehending nazi cruelty , trying to tell them that there were/are even worse people is almost impossible . 
  lets be honest at some point all scales are broken and some madness is just impossible to comprehend for normal people in today 's circumstances . 
  this leads to various genocide denials , when people prefer pretending that it didnt happen to recognizing their ancestors could do something so horrible . 
  it happens in turkey , czech republic , croatia , serbia , usa , belgium , china , japan , lets be honest it is almost universal human tendency . 
  i remember reading report by ss officer stationed in croatia during our history class . 
  even he thought it was fucked up . 
  eritrea is like african sssr . 
  but i thought wadiya is alladin ? 
  unlike greek genocide , srebrenica is still remembered but the memory keeps getting eroded . 
  they never see this happening to them just to the ` others ' . 
  more than one thing can be against interest of a country , as for russian involvement , i was referring to wikileaks . 
  that being said we do n't know the whole story , it might be that snowden was really a good guy . 
  i 'm probably just paranoid but i have hard time believing this was all altruistic . 
  essentially yes . 
  an interesting fact : almost all cards can be read by universal readers by design . 
  so yes , your cards could have been read every time you swiped oyster card when getting in bus . 
  i made metal case for my cards . 
  tested it with readers at work and it works rather well considering it cost me about about 2 eur . 
  but yes security is an issue . 
  it 's all about concentration of power . 
  if you put all of it in hands of one actor you basically depend on his good will . 
  it can be individual , company or state . 
  now firearms restrictions are in many ways reasonable , but at this point the system works well enough . 
  recent terrorist attacks were conducted by cars and illegal firearms not guns owned legally . 
  restricting access even more is nothing but a cheap way to get points with panicking voters , it wo n't help at all . 
  now fighting against state with .38 revolver is absurd . 
  odds of victory are laughable , the point is not victory however . 
  it 's the simple fact that some resistance will be offered and that people will have capability of defending themselves . 
  that even decades after takeover there will be people capable of fighting back against oppression and that every dictator will have to deal with them like with thorn in his back . 
  take a look at chechnya . 
  the rebels lost , bad , a good thing in a way because they were more like russian taliban than anything else . 
  but the uprising led to putin implementing more hands off approach on chechnya out of fear of another costly war . 
  same goes for columbia , the rebels were outgunned by order of magnitude but they still brought government to negotiation table . 
  vietnam is another example where relatively small organisation managed to secure political gains . 
  same goes for muslims in mindao , their power was pathetic but they were annoying enough that phillipines had to make concessions . 
  i do n't judge morality of these movements ( i think i would get banned for it ) , but the fact is that even limited armed resistance can accomplish much more than wider unarmed resistance . 
  i said the lines were blurred not that it was clear example of espionage . 
  but the fact is that the leaks hurt american interests a lot and several individuals and organisations involved have ties to russian government . 
  that raises a lot of red flags for me ( pun intended ) . 
  trump is just orange icing on a very shitty cake at this point . 
  personally i think he just makes all the shiftiness more visible . 
  someone wants to push agenda i think . 
  personally , after looking at various rankings they have all i can conclude is that they have no methodology at all apart from : `` this feels bad . '', 
  not saying the ratings are nonsense , but you should take them with a grain of salt . 
  i think that rational ratings would be around 10 spots in either direction . 
  these rankings are biased by definition . 
  for start , what is free press ? 
  does it mean no government censorship , no laws against opinions , no journalists in jail , no pressure on media from politicians and business ? 
  and how do you even quantify that ? 
  i think it 's more about getting them before someone else does . 
  the last thing we need right now is chinese/russian puppet in balkans . 
  the sectarian issues are there , i know , and personally i think that in different circumstances we should probably wait . 
  you should read up on definition of dictatorship . 
  no shit , how many people does this surprise ? 
  turkey is now basically russia with islamic flavor , if eu considered them to be worthy candidate then i would question institutions collective sanity . 
  i do n't support death penalty , but in some cases i would n't be opposed to it either . 
  it 's way different sitting behind screen , well fed and warm , and starving in the streets while artillery shells reduce your city to dust . 
  that 's what dictators tend to do . 
  i understand where you come from , we easterners learned hard way that state is good servant but bad master . 
  unlike our western neighbors who have n't our experience . 
  but i also know that this is kind of inevitable and already largely in place . 
  the electronic transactions already form backbone of commerce , most money is really just numbers anyway since we ditched the gold/silver/potato / whatever standard and so far system mostly works . 
  what i 'm more worried about are restrictions on freedom of speech like right-to-be-forgotten laws and state taking our arms away . 
  obama really took down usa ratings on this one . 
  although truth to be told , his treatment of whistle blowers should n't , in my opinion , probably impact ratings so much . 
  asange , manning and snowden really blurred lines between journalism and espionage . 
  these ratings are not exactly objective because they measure what is essentially subjective . 
  for example hate speech laws , right to be forgotten and food libel laws have almost no impact on the ratings even though they curtail freedom of speech/press in an enormous way . 
  another problem is that control over information/press is directly tied to how people perceive said control . 
  if you convince people that this or that measure is reasonable in civilized society it will not impact your rating as much . 
  finally , humans trouble when it comes to non-binary ratings . 
  that 's why youtube no longer has stars . 
  people tended to either give five or one star in order to have more impact on the ratings of the video . 
  so in conclusion , the ratings should be taken as a valuable but flawed .
