  yes he is a defrauding , state-robbing , media-controlling , corrupted asshole . 
  but in this case he has a point . 
  our economy is doing rather well right now . 
  joblessness is extremely low , we have budget surplus for first time in decades and country 's debt is getting under control . 
  our standard of life is improving , infrastructure is being repaired , just in my neighborhood there are 6 new apartment buildings under construction and many others are being renovated . 
  and frankly , without intervention of our central bank we would be in big trouble . 
  our economy is geared towards exporting to germany , having a separate currency gives as greater degree of control than we would have with euro . 
  it ca n't be profitable if we build one per decade . 
  that 's high school economics . 
  if you built one car in your factory per year the cars would cost several millions apiece . 
  nuclear power plants are the same thing . 
  if we build dozens of them like chinese do , the costs would drop . 
  but since we basically bailed on that entire technology 30-years ago we have lost all the know how , skilled workforce , technological edge and production facilities . 
  therefore if we want to build a reactor now it is overpriced . 
  because it is essentially one-of-a-kind machine and people building it have to learn on-the-fly . 
  and finally . 
  greenpeace and dozens of other groups have a fetish for breaking into construction sites , suing companies/governments , misleading locals and otherwise sabotaging construction . 
  leading to overruns . 
  i myself am against aging nuclear power plants . 
  we need to build lot of new nuclear power plants and fast . 
  the way things are now , we are either dependent on chinese solar panels/wind turbines or fossil fuels , much of them from russia . 
  khomeini got away with it , so did taliban for a while , pakistan , saudis , all other arab gulf states , northern nigeria , sudan . 
  the list goes on and on . 
  name of the rose . 
  more or less . 
  i think slightly less . 
  you must be really proud of yourself . 
  making fun of pedophilia is always sign of mature character . 
  because nobody sane thinks it 's a major issue . 
  there are much bigger problems around here and we need to fix those . 
  gay marriage , while nice , is not really a priority . 
  civil unions are almost as good anyway . 
  it depends on orbit . 
  sometimes it takes too much fuel to get booster back over land . 
  so they have a drone-ship that can catch it in the ocean . 
  you are being intentionally obtuse , which is insulting both of our intellects . 
  suffice to say that there is more than one kind of friendly relationship between nations . 
  speaking of nations , which country are you from ? 
  it is not really apparent from your flair , or from lack of it . 
  just to frame our discussion . 
  i do believe that russia would attack if they believed that no one will help us . 
  it happened before and it has recent historical precedent . 
  fortunately , we do n't have to rely on eu for defense , if that was the case we would be done already . 
  even right now , with complete idiot in charge , the usa is a good and , more importantly , capable ally . 
  as for blackmail . 
  think about how eu/uk negotiations are looking . 
  some of the tactics on both sides seem a lot like blackmail . 
  hell , by some measures they are . 
  but in reality it 's very common occurrence . 
  in fact , foreign policy is and always was conducted in such fashion , by everyone , and it always will be . 
  `` you will do this for us and we will do this for you . 
  and if you do n't this will happen . '', 
  in some circles it 's called ` diplomacy ' . 
  i expect first sharia laws next year . 
  hopefully i will be wrong but all evidence points towards opposite . 
  gladly , but russia has to drop it 's imperial ambitions and stop viewing central/eastern europe as it 's domain . 
  they never faced a real threat , that 's what 's wrong with them . 
  this is not worrying at all . / s, 
  it works for china . 
  this is getting absurd . 
  uk offer is really sensible and pretty much what eu asked for in the first place . 
  all the talk about not punishing uk sounds more and more like bullshit . 
  exactly . 
  but you must understand that quran being literal word of god means that any interpretation of it , other than strict literalism , is immediately suspect . 
  while you can try to go around many verses and ignore hadiths ( those are more like footnotes really ) you ca n't ignore the quran itself . 
  unlike in bible or torah you ca n't say : `` well that was long time ago and they were only human . '', 
  or : `` their understanding of god was not complete . 
  '' , because mohammed is the final prophet , there will be no more . 
  his actions , all of them , are approved by god , there is no way around this . 
  in addition , doubting any part of quran is basically doubting god himself . 
  the reason why muslims so often fight over interpretations is that there can be no more than one correct . 
  and all the others are therefore heretical . 
  word of god can mean only one thing in the end . 
  that 's why ahmadis have to fear for their lives , because they have a prophet that came after muhammad . 
  very existence of such person is anathema to central tenets of islam . 
  this is the same reason why saudi arabia and iran are at each others throats . 
  their positions are irrecoverable because they both claim absolute truth and that logically leads to viewing others as apostates . 
  that 's reaction from absolute majority of european and world muslim population . 
  unlike bible , quran is literal word of god . 
  that means interpretation is waaay harder . 
  fact that they agree with killers is more than enough . 
  it 's like if you said : `` most nazis never killed a jew . '', 
  it would be correct , but completely irrelevant , fact is , if they could they would . 
  and that alone is reason to be worried . 
  france already is . 
  they have state of emergency for months now . 
  british government needs to get it 's shit together . 
  hire more police officers , follow up on leads . 
  you ca n't have people killing each other on the streets this way , no matter if the perpetrators are muslims ( most of them are these days ) or nazis ( category this guy probably belongs in ) . 
  most actually believe it . 
  check statistics if you dare to challenge your views . 
  most muslims hate western values . 
  lock that bastard up and throw away the key . 
  now seriously , uk government must not go easy on terrorism , appeasing these people , no matter creed , never works . 
  he was praised by foreign officials , when speaking in public to american audiences . 
  the guy was president of usa of course they tried to be on his good side , it 's that way with china . 
  do you think they abuse human rights any less now than ten years ago ? 
  yes but that is very , very low bar . 
  and while he was much better when it came to domestic policy , his foreign policy was a mess . 
  granted , a mess he partially inherited , but mess nonetheless .
