  i guess it 's back to checking everything by myself . 
  both were pretty great , both had their weaknesses . 
  pity that next generation of kuk monarchs was n't up to task . 
  if only ferdinand did n't take that detour . 
  she was our victoria you know . 
  fought against half of europe , secured her throne against claims from other monarchies and improved our living standards immeasurably . 
  her son continued with that work and preserved hapsburg realms through entire napoleonic wars , a feat most other countries did n't accomplish . 
  all things considered hapsburgs get bad rep only because their empire lost in wwi , had things ended other way people would barely know anything about house of saxe-coburg-gotha ( windsors ) . 
  in some aspects eu is similar to holy roman empire . 
  it 's one of those terms i picked up over the years . 
  seems kind of appropriate in the context . 
  i know it 's probably just some stupid email attachment but i put up extra firewall just in case . 
  they came as guests and abused their privileges , they were given shelter and food and payed us back blood and suffering . 
  i have to be evil , because modern european should n't think like that , right ? 
  i mean , i have to be wrong about something . 
  maybe i do n't understand statistics , or i 'm just xenophobic redneck incapable of compassion . 
  but every fiber in me screams that this is wrong . 
  i guess i do n't belong in this society . 
  well i 'm sure those children would prefer cold bottom of the ocean to internment camp which they can leave whenever they come . 
  and i 'm sure you will welcome me , and anybody else , in your apartment . 
  after all nobody asked your ancestors to slaughter locals when they got there during migration period . 
  yes you do sound that ridiculous . 
  if you want to go to past and take all mistakes into account , get ready for some saxons suing france and welsh suing the saxons . 
  never foget verdict of verden !!, 
  never forget saxon invasion !!, 
  [ they ate the memberberries . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_7qd3dzirei ), 
  i wish america was going back to 80 's those were at least sane times . 
  trump is pulling america into , god i do n't think there was time period that fucked up . 
  so just like in rest of developed world . 
  seriously , collapse of left wing parties is a trend nobody seems to talk about . 
  fuck , why am i siding with orban now ? 
  it 's like i 'm crazy pills or something . 
  yes exactly , and maybe because they are , i do n't know ... human ? 
  you people are such hypocrites . 
  they deserve being put there . 
  nobody asked them to come , nobody wants them . 
  if they do n't like the camp they can just leave . 
  nauru is more humane than what europe is doing , by all metrics . 
  funny it 's called independent . 
  such injustice !, 
  boycott brussels !, 
  / s if someone did n't notice . 
  we elected our trump a long time ago . 
  seriously those assholes even sound and act the same . 
  if migrants are so great let germany , sweden and france keep them . 
  i mean they keep saying they are future doctors and engineers , surely the economy of countries accepting them would boom . 
  oh yes , `` democratic president '' benes . 
  well it matters to me and it should matter to you . 
  if you have n't noticed britain is still there it did n't fly off into space . 
  they are our neighbors , and you talk about them like if they were vermin !, 
  original version is perfectly comprehensible . 
  could be better but almost anything can be . 
  [ i will purge the unclean . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/ecb6eh7f3l8?t=35s ), 
  that 's just tip of very large and twisted iceberg . 
  my grandfather spend most of the war in gestapo prison right next to theresinstadt concentration camp , and even he did n't like the expulsion . 
  it is a little more justified in case of poland . 
  you lost half of your country and had to deal with bunch of refugees of your own . 
  in short : european countries generally exercise greater measure of control over their citizens , in exchange for that citizens receive various benefits : universal healthcare , social safety net , work regulations , price adjustments etc. 
  america has many of the same institutions but never puts them in effect completely . 
  you have social security , but it has lots of conditions and is only for some people , you have state funded healthcare , but only for poor and old people and it 's underfunded , you have work regulations , but they are mostly dependent on unions doing their job , you have laws that allow your government to regulate prices of medicine , but your government chooses not to so it does n't hurt you companies . 
  on the other hand , european countries restrict their citizens much more than american government . 
  take voters ids , in czech republic it 's unthinkable to vote without official id . 
  in fact they wo n't let you enter the booth , nobody cares about that . 
  and when i tell people that americans think ids are oppressive and a way to silence minorities they think i 'm joking . 
  and when i say id 's i mean this : http://www.mvcr.cz/script/viewimage.aspx?physid=392823&amp;docname=op%202012.jpg it has signature , date of birth , picture , place of birth , sex , marital status , citizen number ( basically our social security number ) and number of children . 
  everybody gets it when they reach age of majority and loosing it can lead to serious trouble . 
  if policeman asks , you better show it . 
  not because you have to , the law is kind of vague about that , but because if you do n't you look suspicious . 
  since everyone else does it pretty much automatically . 
  i do n't have to talk about free/hate speech issues , we all know what they are about . 
  another example could be gun control , many countries in europe have gone completely bonkers with that . 
  in uk not even most police officers have guns , much less people . 
  and there are even restrictions on knifes . 
  oh and eu politicians signed a law that makes search engines remove results if people ask them to . 
  right to be forgotten it 's called , i will give you three guesses on who uses it most . 
  hint : it 's not common people . 
   anyway american approach is more hands off , but the trade off is that if you mess up or have bad luck you are fucked . 
  this worked rather well in the past , when it did n't take much to make it big . 
  but these days the barriers are much higher and it is much harder for people to pull themselves up by their bootstraps . 
  so in conclusion , american approach got america in number one spot in the world . 
  if america wants to keep that spot it should try something new . 
  obviously not when it comes to language , french is descendant of latin after all . 
  technically it is regional dialect of latin which diverged from original and eventually was codified as language of it 's own but ... never mind . 
  the point is that french people and french state , are descendants of franks and of frankish realms . 
  franks were among the most rome-friendly germanic tribes so they quickly assumed roman identity , culture and language . 
  it is no wonder that franks founded first and second incarnations of holy roman empire and in a way the roman influence is seen to this day in french politics . 
  for example intolerance of minority languages , tendency to integrate colonies into political infrastructure of metropolitan france etc. 
  but nevertheless french are descendants of franks just as englishmen are descendants of britons , angles/saxons , scandinavians and normans . 
  to claim otherwise would be rather strange . 
  they were one of many germanic tribes , along with franks ( modern french ) , longobards ( modern lombardians in italy ) , visigoths ( modern spanish ) and suebi ( modern portuguese and spanish ) . 
  angles and saxons lived in north of what is today germany , parts of netherlands and denmark . 
  during migration period ( commonly known as barbarian invasions ) they moved to britain , specifically it 's south east . 
  over time they mingled with local population , sometimes peacefully , sometimes violently and in the end only wales remained in hands of native romano-brits . 
  in the end angles and saxons adopted identity , if not language , of people they conquered and took romano-british customs as their own . 
  few centuries later it was them who were on defensive , again from germanic tribes but this time from the north . 
  but that is another story . 
  well it is from that timeframe . 
  funny thing is that until recently ( relatively ) american approach to governing and economy worked better than the european one .
