  burning entire monasteries , slaughtering minorities , raiding everyone else , expecting apocalypse , stiffing education . 
  the list goes on and on . 
  few groups were as brutal during 14th and 15th centuries as hussites ( taborites specifically ) . 
  no hussites were generally a dicks and there is more than enough data to prove it . 
  our country never recovered and since then was on path of steady decline . 
  if you disagree with me try to bring something to the table . 
  do you have facts ? 
  show us . 
  that was official line during first republic ( 1918-1938 ) and later during communist state ( 1945/1948 - 1989 ) . 
  there was a lot of propaganda involved , movies , books , plays , speeches . 
  the reality was much , much worse . 
  czech kingdom was in middle of political crisis , former king vaclav iv died without male issue and antagonized the church ( killed a priest or two over money ) , his uncle was chosen by nobility to be his successor . 
  but he died soon after . 
  brother of vaclav iv , named sigismund , was already king of hungary and very capable in his own right . 
  so he wanted the throne for himself . 
  nobility did n't like that , because they would lose power . 
  hussites were just one of many milleniarist cults , expecting end of the world , but unlike others they had members with military ( read mercenary and robber ) background . 
  some nobles allied with them , hoping to gain few thousand more men for upcoming war . 
  the situation escalated and hussites took over capital , slaughtering most of the burgers and clergy in process . 
  later the hussites splintered with radicals forming taborites ( expansionist and militant ) who build the town of tabor . 
  meanwhile , the loyalists retreated to kutna hora ( kuttenberg ) , a rich , upstart town build from local silver mines profits . 
  while not as populous as prague the burgers could afford mercenaries to keep them safe . 
  sigismund and his faction petitioned pope for assistance , pointing to growing muslim threat in balkans . 
  several , rather small , crusades were launched , mostly led by local bishops . 
  all of them failed , while the country turned from powerhouse of holy roman empire to backwater . 
  fast forwar few years moderate utraquists ( hussites without the milleniarist inclinations ) decided that enough was enough . 
  together with their catholic allies they crushed radicals in battle of lipany . 
  sigismund finally got the throne of his father , but he did n't enjoy it for long . 
  in few years he died without male heir , and with him died bohemian branch of house luxemburg . 
  pope reached agreement with utraquists and schism was averted . 
  catholic church was , once again , secure . 
  unfortunately the damage was already done . 
  with kingdoms economy ruined , uppity nobles and uncertain succession , the bohemia fell into century of constant crisis and decay . 
  parts of our country fell into possession of hungary , poland and other states since our nobility was more interested in it 's own profit then territorial integrity . 
  meanwhile in the south , a relatively new house begun it 's path to domination , through marriage with daughter of sigismund they gained small , but tenable , claim to crown of bohemia . 
  they called themselves habsburgs . 
  about seven decades of propaganda does that to people . 
  if these people ( most of them suspiciously without flair flags ) represent what eu really is , then i do n't think we belong in it either . 
  they sound like bunch of racist dicks . 
  it 's not like it was poland oppressing you . 
  but i get what you mean , it seems like unnecessary provocation . 
  although on the other hand it seems like you lithuania is overreacting a little to what is essentially just an online opinion poll about small picture in password . 
  this is against basic rules of democracy and constitution of almost any country in the world . 
  if you want to live in country like that move to china . 
  everything , and yes that means everything , not prohibited by law is allowed . 
  that is basis of modern legal system and only thing that prevents someone coming along and saying : `` hey i do n't like these folks , and i have power . 
  lets fuck them over . '', 
  good , taxes are to be payed not weaseled out off . 
  just make sure to act same towards your own companies . 
  they were more brutal to local peasants than previous feudal lords . 
  seriously hussites were medieval catholic isis and ruined our country for more than any invaders . 
  they burned monasteries , churches , libraries and persecuted everyone who did n't share their views . 
  i hate to interrupt the pitchfork grabbing , but they 're just conducting online poll about which one people like and frankly the one that is winning ( gate of dawn in vilnius ^ wilno ) is not that crazy . 
  i mean it is part of polish history . 
  considering the outrage i would expect them having massive map of polish-lithunian commonwealth on cover of password , not one historical building tucked inside . 
  also , the link is broken . 
  norway can diversify easily , texas is already on that path for last few decades ( ignoring social issues , texans know how to handle their state economy . 
  scotland can handle itself too , provided they do n't break off from uk , in which case they will be in hot water . 
  gulf states are in big trouble and will have to confront their demographics issues ( hint : so many migrants sweden looks like isolationist japan ) , not to mention resource depletion . 
  that includes water , water levels are dropping in entire area for better part of century and the pace is accelerating . 
  all those parks and giant skyscrapers need a lot of water , and desalination plants are few and pricey . 
  there is also a matter of current iran/saudi conflict . 
  both desire hegemony over middle eastern muslim states ( and if possible entire middle east ) and both are accumulating support , flexing their military muscle in proxy wars and attacking each others piety and zeal . 
  if iran get nuclear weapons , saudis will want them too , leading to further escalation . 
  last but not least , russia . 
  their entire economy relies on resource exports , recent sanctions hit them hard and they lost almost all of their satellite states , their former friends are deserting them and china has already pushed them out of east asia . 
  oh guardian , you make fucking brexiteers look good . 
  because appeasement always works . 
  i 'm not sure if even afd voters would support this kind of bullshit . 
  you know what `` most '' means right ? 
  you know they legalized gay marriage before most of europe right ? 
  i know about those , and that 's why i added  you got some healthcare for those who are really , i mean really poor or old and you have some social safety net . 
  in my later comment . 
  the problem you have is that the programs ( specifically health insurance ) are kind of half way done . 
  the insurance market is , not just when it comes to healthcare , dependent on having more money coming in than out . 
  unfortunately due to the fact that insurance is largely voluntary ( aca kind of helped with that ) and the unfortunate reality of everyone getting sick at some point , the system is extremely stretched . 
  to compound the issue you have mix of government ( medicaid/medicare ) and private insurers . 
  thus the market mechanics , which would otherwise help with prices , push costs up . 
  since government programs have very limited negotiation space ( a situation enforced by law btw ) and have to rely on goodwill of local politicians . 
  what else than clusterfuck can come out of this ,, 
   we need to address the root cause of the problem which is why healthcare is so expensive to begin with . 
  if that is addressed , the government need not worry about providing health care since most will be able to afford it anyway . 
  the reason is that health insurance is n't mandatory like in most of developed world . 
  hm , shit ( southern strategy ) happens . 
   music right . 
  [ reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ] ( https://youtu.be/8mqf-86ikvm?t=58s ), 
  relatively few , between 20 % -30 % , it helps that you must pass exams to get pretty much anywhere and that before even being admitted to them you must do maturita . 
  which is another set of exams you take in last year of highschool . 
  this makes sure that you do n't get total idiots in university classrooms . 
  it also helps with filling our vocational schools , which used to be , and still is , a massive issue . 
  this is going to be popular . 
  seriously un , do n't you have some medieval kingdom to pander to ? 
  depends , america has just better laws for producing porn then most other countries . 
  seriously , free speech rocks . 
  you are n't doing that bad , you got some healthcare for those who are really , i mean really poor or old and you have some social safety net . 
  unfortunately you kind of dropped ball when it comes to expanding those programs , but as evidenced by recent gop fuckup you are on right track . 
  i mean , republicans wanted to end aca from the time it was brought to house . 
  and yet , after 7 years , while controlling senate , house , and presidency , they ca n't do it . 
  because their own voters do n't want them to . 
  and time is not on their side , the longer people enjoy coverage under aca policies the more they are going to like it .
