  because that 's how you drive countries from eu . 
  they did n't execute ukrainians for communism . 
  they did it because they were slavs and therefore of impure stock . 
  ukraine was meant to be major center of generalplan ost colonization . 
  consider following : when german troops arrived in ukraine they were hailed as heroes , only for locals to be slaughtered . 
  if , and i hate this kind of what if history , that did n't happen how many volunteers would wehrmacht have from local population ? 
  stalin and communists in general were hated by much of the ussrs population . 
  next you have the death camps , ghettos , concentration camps etc. 
  not only these tied valuable manpower , guards that could have been deployed at front , they also cost germany many of its best scientists , engineers , doctors , craftsmen , not to mention healthy young man who could fight . 
  and jewish people were very loyal to germany , before nazis decided to slaughter them . 
  last but not least . 
  the holocaust , or rather the nazi policies towards conquered people , were crucial rallying cry for world public . 
  lots of people were quite apathetic before wwii , especially in france , britain and most of all usa . 
  the only reason why many of them decided to support the war effort was the fact that nazis were complete monsters . 
  and even then there were defeatists who wanted to sue peace and pacifists that would happily let jews , roma , homosexuals , slavs and countless others get slaughtered just to stay in their ivory tower . 
   this was from what i understand done so the sheep would be whole and the wolf full we have the same saying regarding goat . 
  yeah but sadly that is a nationalism issue . 
  try telling slovaks that their language and ours is the same or czechs that our language and slovaks is the same and you will be in for a nasty surprise . 
  personally i think we were better of in union with austria , most of us spoke german anyway , we had our national organisations like national theater , and we even had representation in vienna . 
  vienna had second biggest czech population after prague for crying out loud , to this day there are more people with my name in austria than in czech republic . 
  right now we are basically non-entities . 
  austria , cr , slovakia , hungary , slovenia , we are so small that we can be essentially bought , our governments have no pull in eu or un and as far as markets are concerned we are appendages of germany . 
  well if you compare it to germans , brits , french , spanish , russians , polish , portuguese it is kind of pathetic . 
  i mean we have twice of that and its still has bad impact on our media films and books especially . 
  czech yes , it is essential same language , polish , maybe , sort of ? 
  i mean i can understand it a little but not enough for conversation . 
  russian is right out though . 
  well economy is not an exact science . 
  it is lot about feelings , trust and such stuff . 
  so the economists are not to blame . 
  there is bar chart inside . 
  [ bow before our might !!, 
  i guess it improved hitlers mood . 
  it arguably cost them the war so ... 
  putin supporters live in their echo chamber . 
  they do not seek information that would imply that putin did anything wrong and if , by any chance , were such information presented to them there are several stock answers . 
  1 . it 's a lie . 
  2 . so what , he pays for the best education . 
  not his fault west snatched our finest scientists with false promises . 
  3 . he wants them to know their enemy . 
  there are probably more but you get the idea . 
  you are probably right . 
  i mean almost no generalization holds for all countries . 
  it 's xenophobia if it is supported by facts . 
  or maybe it is , but a reasonable one . 
  what am saying is that her record as foreign secretary has almost nothing to do with her probably winning this election . 
  i mean how many americans can name one big thing she did in her career ? 
  anyway , point is that boris johnsons career is now pretty much over . 
  the very same people that loved him will now only see him when he talks with some foreigner they probably do n't like . 
  he can not gather support in home because he is almost always on some diplomatic mission , his successes ( if he has any ) will hardly impact britons and if they do pm can get credit . 
  baring a miracle ( which i hope will not come ) he is politically dead . 
  and yet here you go prove my point . 
  pakistanis indeed did and still do run child rape gangs in uk , i can even give you links to wikipedia , the bbc , cnn , hell even investigation reports . 
  and yet when i say this you flag me as whining , sad person . 
  just one question . 
  do you think she would have it this easy if her opponent was n't one of most crazy , sleazy and crooked man to ever enter presidential race ? 
  well they are taking british jobs . 
  the question is , would the british people take those jobs themselves if there were no poles ? 
  take my country for example , we have lots of ukranians and serbs working construction jobs , some people bitch about them taking those jobs from us , yet at the same time our trade schools have bunch of empty places and half of the czech workers i see on construction sites are guys int their late fifties . 
  so its mostly supply and demand problem . 
  there is not enough czechs to fill the available positions , so they are given to immigrants . 
  well the pakistanis are raping british girls so that is not entirely wrong perception of them . 
  you are right , but it would be foolish not to notice that this sentiment against eu is tied to increasing aversion to out-of-eu migrants , crimes committed by muslim communities ( child gang-rape gangs namely ) and , last but not least , politically correct culture which punishes those who openly express negative opinion of this . 
  on the other hand poles are acceptable targets , white , eastern european , christian , yet with sufficiently different culture to be singled out . 
  exactly , the brits are angry at pakistanis but to not like `` brown people '' is racist , so they turn on poles and eu . 
  well boris is pretty much done now . 
  as a foreign secretary ( is that the right term btw ? ), 
  he has to be away from uk , and therefore electorate . 
  he also has to suck up to foreigners which is not popular at home , that holds for any country , not just uk . 
  last but not least he is unlikely to score any diplomatic victories due to his , well , lets just say style . 
  death to the false emperor !, 
  let the galaxy burn !, 
  oh , well that makes sense . 
  thx, 
  to be honest , it was more of a people branding you a xenophobe/nazi . 
  well , it turns out we were right . 
  i would prefer it to be other way around . 
   that is why we have avoided big terrorist incidents as in france and  belgium , where native french and belgium terrorists were able to  hide among the natives for months avoiding detection by the police . 
  bataclan , nice , that kosher mall , the train attack , just from last few years , those are not big terrorist incidents ? 
  either you have short memory or poor grasp of grammar . 
  well if they did n't there would be much left . 
  or the town got burned , abandoned or it was just always secluded . 
  in czechia we have plenty of churches and chapels on hills and other relatively secluded places . 
  oops , the title got mangled . 
  my fault for blindly trusting automated title system . 
  not exactly , it was a joint effort with esa so the blame is not on russians , the module itself was made by thales alenia space , franco-italian joint venture . 
  thales alenia has very good track record btw , they made lots of modules for iss and atv . 
  no one is talking about the referendum now . 
  the fact is that it happened and now they have to work with it . 
  of course they are responsible for letting their people decide , and yes they did now that the campaign will be full of misinformation and lies . 
  and yes some of them profited from the result , but many others also too heavy hits . 
  one way or another it does not matter . 
  all i 'm saying is that the rhetoric from eu leaders does not indicate that they want the negotiations to be quick , easy or even viable . 
  not that i do n't understand where are they coming from . 
  in their place i would act the same , probably even worse . 
  i think you are right . 
  with all this talk of punishing the uk , from holland and other eu leaders , it is hard to believe that negotiations will be simple or even feasible . 
  a yellow cake perhaps ? 
  they were not part of soviet union , for gods sake read a little . 
  well slovakia has like two highways and half the population so it kind of makes sense they are in better shape .
