  [ gott erhalte franz den kaiser ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=06643umejzg ), 
  actually that would go for poland , entire silesia was part of our country since treaty of trentschin for about 3 centuries until prussians conquered it in early 1700s . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/duchies_of_silesia these are not bits and pieces . 
  this is the entire thing . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/duchies_of_silesia#/media/file:locator_silesia_within_the_holy_roman_empire_ ( 1618 ) . svg, 
  technically it is silesia , a small part of silesia . 
  we want the whole thing back !, 
  and lu\u017eice would n't hurt either . 
  so we get silesia back right ? 
  nah , you just elected a real idiot for the first time in your history . 
  i guess it 's something every country has to endure , you just have to suffer now . 
  it 's mostly under the surface these days . 
  the only exception is russia , that is a touchy topic around here , most people i know have much , much worse opinion of russian and russians than germany , or pretty much any other country . 
  let 's not sugar coat it , russians are seen as enemies , worse , they are enemies that think we should be grateful to them for what they did . 
  russians are considered ill mannered , dimwitted and russian government is viewed as glorified mob . 
  it might be hard to explain to someone from west . 
  but soviets left deeper mark in our psyche than nazis . 
  does it have subtitles ? 
  i also , what is the plot exactly ? 
  i think he is some kind of weird eu-supremacist , or more probably payed by russia/china . 
  because guess who benefits most from eu and us fighting each other . 
  hint : not us . 
  shame it did n't work out . 
  that area was majority christian before turks killed them in 1920s . 
  you are correct . 
  but there is host of other issues . 
  mostly the laws of thermodynamics . 
  if you want to get hydrogen you need to separate it from other atoms . 
  that takes energy , most likely electricity . 
  now unless we are talking about some some process that does n't need electricity to work , you need to : get electricity from power plant , use it to make hydrogen , get hydrogen into car , burn hydrogen and convert it into electricity/kinetic energy . 
  each of these conversions means loss of energy you could be using to drive somewhere , or do anything else . 
  electric cars on the other hand charge from grid , thus increasing efficiency . 
  there are other issues , namely hydrogen atoms are frickin small . 
  literally the smallest atoms there are . 
  that means they tend to leave any container you put them in . 
  over time you end up with empty tank , even if it 's made out of lead . 
  tell that to czech education system . 
  according to textbooks around here he was german . 
  absurd idea but that 's how nationalists see the world i guess . 
  it is appropriate term . 
  most educated czechs would agree that it was not good decision . 
  some of them ( few villages ) . 
  the rest was expelled , quickly , harshly , mostly just with what they could carry . 
  so much for unity . 
  it did . 
  why do you think we have populists on rise in central eu ? 
  the library still has space to spare and it has pretty clear potential for expansion if needed . 
  right ? 
  not even in 1945 was situation this bad :d . 
  this is literally the reason why alt-right is on rise in us . 
  blm , those guys are making alt-rights job way easier than it should be . 
  this is exactly the kind of bullshit that gives eu bad rep. 
  cultural protectionism is still a protectionism , why not start getting rid of foreign loanwords while we are at it , or make a book quota for publishers . 
  germans built hybrid tanks back in ww2 and i think some [ goliaths ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/goliath_tracked_mine ) worked with batteries . 
  well people are angry at uk for being a buzzkill and the situation itself is very different from constitutional pov . 
  that 's because your politicians have your interests in mind . 
  most separatist politicians , brexiteers , scottish nationalists , catalan nationalists etc. 
  are more interested in their own power . 
  which would grow substantially if they ruled their countries completely . 
  the fact that they would ruin their economy and reduce living standard of their people is secondary . 
  take scotland , the argument is that it has lots of natural resources , is more socially conscious and would love to be in eu , and that eu would accept it almost immediately if asked . 
  now those things are true , in theory . 
  but there are many issues with each of them . 
  yes resources are there but few people want to have an open pit mine in their backyard , lot 's of the land is privately owned and government would have to buy it or take it by decree . 
  oil is no longer the ultimate cash resource it was in the 80s , fracking and renewables have forced the price to new stable level and even opec ca n't seem to get it back where it was . 
  it is also true that scotland is , on average , more liberal than rest of uk . 
  but generous social state needs a lot of money to work . 
  with bulk of economy dependent on uk , export or import wise , it is hard to believe that it would n't suffer . 
  currency is also an issue , gbp would be under control of westminster , new scottish currency would have massive trust issues and euro is no longer given away to everyone who wants it . 
  speaking of eu , the process of becoming a member state is not something that you can do over a weekend . 
  any negotiations would be probably as much painful as those about brexit . 
  edit : i expect this getting downvoted to hell . 
  this just seems stupid . 
  good job , every country should ban it . 
  let me guess mitchell and webb ? 
  edit : called it . 
  there are modern areas in pakistan ? 
  they vote for brexit and torries . 
  he was a monster , but incredible marketing guy . 
  serious time to consider ... you have n't met many ordinary voters did you ? 
  we kept crown because of our export oriented economy . 
  sure it 's pain to convert all the time but joblessness is down and economy up . 
  so basically uk all over again ? 
  i do n't think you have civil war either but if you have terror attack almost every month , state of emergency for a year and only reason why you haven ' y got a le pen for a president is that all other parties unified against her you 're not exactly picture of perfection . 
  mostly is the key word here . 
  he has great power over judiciary , academical titles , cabinet dismissal , he picks next prime minister and is chief of our armed forces . 
  he is like elected queen of england . 
  reasonable . 
  france , belgium , german and uk have shown us that it does n't work already . 
  no need to make more mess . 
  he means not prone to criminality , with marketable skills and without tendency to religious extremism . 
  very , very low , unless he drinks himself to death . 
  he is working on that . 
  trump wishes :d seriously now , those two guys are pretty much identical . 
  only thing that separates them is extent of their powers . 
  and zemans alcoholism . 
  i wonder why we use b ? 
  is it something like venice -  venatky -  benatky ? 
  or is it proper spelling and it was brits who messed it up . 
  auto-correct stabbed me in the back when i least expected it .
