  syria/iraq spiraling out of control , russia invading crimea and ukraine , russian spies messing with presidential elections , south china sea crisis , it goes on . 
  i know he is not fully to blame for this , but when you compare his actual tract record to what was expected from him , you get a very bitter taste in your mouth . 
  not to mention the nobel peace prize mess , i mean come on , talk about sucking up . 
  oh , there are worse . 
  mail , independent , guardian , mirror , fox news . 
  i mean there are a lot worse media than wp . 
  exactly . 
  he is a good politician , i agree with that . 
  but it remains to be seen if he is a good leader . 
  i will wait to see what macron actually accomplishes in office , praising him right now seems eerily similar to how everyone blindly praised obama when he was elected . 
  sad but expected , their loyalties do n't lay with their country but with their faith . 
  yes and no . 
  armenians and greeks were part of single empire for many centuries ( late roman empire today called byzantine ) so their rites and traditions are similar . 
  however most armenians and greeks are today part of local churches that broke off during either great schism or earlier . 
  originally rome was one of 5 equal patriarchates forming pentarchy , antioch , jerusalem , constantinople , alexandria and rome . 
  by 8th century 3 of them have fallen to muslim conquest , balance between patriarchs was broken and ecumenical patriarch in constantinople and patriarch in rome started competing for primacy . 
  this led to great schism , and in long term collapse of crusader states and finally infamous 4th crusade . 
  some of these churches later sought accord with rome , most importantly the greek church , with part becoming greek catholic church . 
  they kept their rites , and priests can marry , so some catholic priests actually turn to greek rite to start family these days . 
  no , you must understand that about 1000 years ago many of these churches matched roman church in size , wealth and power . 
  however after being conquered by muslims they gradually declined , leaving them in this sorry state . 
  i am against open borders myself , but blaming pope for centuries old fortifications is just low and intellectually dishonest . 
  if you want people to actually listen to you , you should start acting like reasonable person . 
  almost all muslim majority nations : `` ahmadiyya not muslims , worse then kaffir , not even good for jizya . '', 
  reality is biased i know . 
  i understand why he defends them . 
  turks are to southern europe what russians are to us . 
  this is also true :  remembering that turkey spend centuries trying to subjugate your nation , while murdering , torturing , imprisoning and exiling millions of your countrymen . 
  after which it never shown remorse of its actions , perceives perpetrators of these crimes as national heroes , and actively tries to revert situation to the one where you were a satellite state . 
  germany has enough admin points to keep stability at 3 . 
  plus russian spy network dropped after they used their diplomats on uk and usa . 
  well russians tend to get triggered when you remind them that most of their former subjects do n't like them . 
  but merkel dynasty keeps getting elected . 
   and they will be integrated recent history shows this never works . 
  then you give us no choice . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m3w0ftdcjse ), 
  [ you will submit to latin patriarch !, 
  ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/55/45/12/55451240fd10d6a25424b434500df29d.jpg ), 
  so he did call a terrorist group friends in parliament ? 
  and he still did all of the other things he is accused of ? 
  supporting fascist argentina over falklands would be bad enough . 
  or is that lie too ? 
  did he ever denounce ira ? 
  is he against nato ? 
  was he an eurosceptic until before brexit vote ? 
  is he an unilateralist ? 
  he said that on record . 
  he also wanted to give argentina joint administration of falklands rather than protect locals from fascist regime . 
  he said this about fidel castro : `` huge figure of modern history , national independence and 20th century socialism ... castro 's achievements were many . '', 
  he wants to pull out of nato , get rid of nuclear arms and believes that nato is responsible for war in ukraine . 
  this guy is literally giant douche . 
  there is no other way to ensure our security . 
  recent attacks have shown that even the best security apparatus can not prevent these atrocities . 
  and past two decades have shown that migrants do not integrate , but get more radical with each generation . 
  it did n't . 
  i implied that it is not a good thing to be like moldova . 
  beta moldova would be transnistria . 
  the terrifying part is that this election brits have to choose between : a : government led by women who cut police force and lacks basic understanding of security issues , plus seems incapable of not flip-floping every few days . 
  b : guy who hates armed forces , has friends in hamas and hizballah and ca n't even condem ira . 
  ( btw all of this he said on record you can look it up ) i mean , fuck . 
  this is literally south parks turd sandwich vs. 
  giant douche . 
  i hate to tell you this but subreddits are not representative sample of their respective countries . 
  take / r/politics you would think that it represents entire usa political spectrum . 
  instead it 's almost completely democrats , with minority being radical left even by european standards . 
  right ? 
  that 's what i said to them over in / r/europemeta . 
  i guess i should have posted a documentary about russian nazis . 
  so you want moldova 2.0 ? 
  they are a desert tribe . 
  literally that 's what they are . 
  if it was n't for two world wars , that happened during their rise to power , keeping all world powers occupied , they would still be just one of many arabian tribes . 
  could we also get a manned spaceship ? 
  because this is getting embarrassing , if one billionaire in usa can pull it off , it should be no problem for eu/esa . 
  bribes to their politicians are more than enough . 
  also few lucrative contracts for local companies and little bit of scaremongering followed by quick `` help '' in form of arms shipment . 
  wow , you are so wrong it would be funny , if it was n't sad . 
  worst terror attack in gemany was performed by muslims , oktoberfest bombing killed 12-13 people . 
  munich massacre , when muslim palestinians mutilated and butchered israeli olympic team has 17 deaths . 
  or 12 if you do n't count the attackers . 
  second biggest terror attack in germany was berlin attack in 2016 with 12 dead , done by , wait for it . 
  muslim terrorist , i think you can see the patter now . 
  moving on spain , worst attack by far was madrid train bombing , perpetrated by al-quaeda , muslim terror group . 
  just this attack took 192 lives . 
  your bologna massacre ranks 4th in list of all terror attacks ever done in europe . 
  the first three were all done by muslim terrorists . 
  so please try to get out of your bubble and educate yourself . 
  and before you go at me with ira or eta you should think about how many of their attacks were against civilians and how many were against government . 
  because one thing connecting all muslim terror is that they go always after civilians . 
  if you do n't believe me look up whats happening in phillipines , civilians are being slaughtered in the streets under black flag of isis . 
  they said that about turkey too . 
  and look , now we got iran 2.0 at our doorstep . 
  it is church for far longer than it was pagan temple , catholic church has kept it repaired and functioning for more than millennium so i think they earned it . 
  on the other hand buildings that did n't become churches are mostly in ruins or glorified ruins . 
  like amphitheatrum flavium ( colosseum ) or imperial palaces on palatine hill . 
  believe it or not catholic church is a roman institution , the very last in fact , it has all the right to keep these . 
  i am czech , but kuk monarchy was country of my ancestors up to and including my grandfather . 
  the fact that it fell apart does n't change it . 
  sure , first language my family used was czech , but we spoke german with our neighbors and one of my aunts could barely speak a sentence without filling it with judendeutch , or so i heard , she died few decades before i was born . 
  obviously , otherwise russia will grab them , or worse some third party , probably turkey , will try to cause another war there .
