that is nice philosophy but not a good foreign policy . 
  not intervening would be great if europe was in middle of ocean and we lived in age before transoceanic trade . 
  but alas that is not the case . 
  today europe is highly dependent on foreign trade , most of our economy is built around either exporting or importing things outside of eu . 
  therefore ignoring everything outside eu could , very well , economic ruin . 
  for example somali pirates operate well outside eu , and yet they threaten eu citizens and trade routes we need for our countries to function . 
  would you let them walk free ? 
  let americans to do the job ? 
  or maybe its time for underfunded and corruption ridden local armies to handle it . 
  or we could pull our own weight and do it ourselves . 
  what do you think is best ? 
  another thing is international terrorism . 
  say you have situation like today in iraq , syria and libya . 
  genocidal organisation is butchering local ethnic and religious minorities , sending millions at our doorstep . 
  the very same organisation has stated goal to kill us all if we do n't follow their ways , and they have already proven they mean it . 
  local government is on verge of collapse . 
  time is of the essence . 
  do you let them fall ? 
  it is outside of eu borders . 
  they are not members why should you care ? 
  maybe because it can be your problem tomorrow . 
  you see it is not cut and dry . 
  interventions are not a dirty word . 
  and often they are only way . 
  libya is right next door , we bombed them to shit and left them to their own devices . 
  western sahara is giant occupied territory , right next to spanish land , that was denied self-determination by totalitarian regime and yet europe does nothing . 
  the list goes on and on . 
  the last few decades have shown that western europe is way too keen on blaming americans for everything , while not even keeping its own backyard clean . 
  so let me get this straight . 
  countries that have consistently failed to meet their nato obligations , have populations very averse to military in general , lack determination to sort out even very close geopolitical problems ( libya , western sahara , cyprus ) , are going to match nato in military power ? 
  that 's realistic . 
  all western or northern europe . 
  and approximately 80 % either french or german . 
  yep the title checks out . 
  and what if i told you that they then essentially banned alsatian language in schools and effectively removed their entire culture ? 
  well new legislation would be needed but that is much easier than changing international law . 
  i know it was n't the original intention but that does not mean its not useful . 
  is anyone seriously surprised by this ? 
  the eu is game played for national interests and it always was . 
  you do n't have to like it but that 's how it is and that 's why all the nations went into it . 
  or do you seriously believe that everyone is in it to promote `` spirit of collaboration '' and `` european ideals '' ? 
  it is , however erben altered them so that they were `` closer to original '' . 
  you could rebuild it , or at least fix it up like you did with pantheon ( st. mary and martyrs ) . 
  i did n't say he was n't a dick :d, 
  thats czech and from 19th century . 
  that guy had least enough honor not to flee from tribunal . 
  do n't get me wrong , i have nothing against germans . 
  hell i think that the whole republic and nationalism deal in the 1918 was not a good idea and actually engendered our ( czech ) existence . 
  it 's just that i feel that your government has gone way overboard with a lot of policies and fails to understand the ramifications of them . 
  and , like it or not , german and french government policies are effectively eu policies . 
  how many times in last few years have you seen juncker when it came to important union business and how many times have you seen merkel or holland . 
  this sets the bar really low however . 
  that is not a hard standard to beat . 
  to those saying that we should just buy products of higher quality : there are none . 
  yep , seriously . 
  all our manufacturers are either out of business or owned by foreigners . 
  and we want to buy stuff of the same quality you have , we have to pay more than you do . 
  yeah that 's right , we have less money and if we want same services we have to pay more . 
  and our government ca n't do a dick about it , because we have free movement of goods , capital , people and services in eu . 
  so there goes that . 
  and there is almost zero chance for new manufacturers to arise at home , because spoiler alert , we have less money to start businesses and our experts are leaving for greener pastures . 
  but we do get those eu handouts in form of infrastructure projects , so there 's that . 
  poland does not have such restrictions because it is weaker politically . 
  germany can say : `` if you do n't play by our rules we will punish you . '', 
  that does n't mean that rules themselves make sense , it just means that german government can afford to act on them without causing their country significant damage . 
  because germany is big . 
  lets face it , only france , germany , uk and maybe italy have enough pull to affect corps such as google , everyone else is just too small , population and economy wise . 
  oh do n't worry merkel will fix that . 
  it will probably get worse . 
  if i were you i would be working on contingency plan . 
  but these people just do n't vote and then whine . 
  take brexit for example , the areas that were against it had much lower voter participation . 
  everybody knew it was going to be tight , everyone knew that future of britain is at stake and yet the young voters , those who had most to lose decided to sit it out . 
  not all of them of course , but way too much . 
  and in this case its very similar . 
  there is a party that offers genuinely different policies , party which could change things , maybe for better , maybe for worse , but it could change them . 
  and yet here we are . 
  well thats diplomacy for you . 
  everything costs something , we for example traded some of our sovereignty for eu funds . 
  so far it worked for us quite well . 
  lets hope it stays that way . 
  more like another example of faulty polls methodology . 
  i mean , sure its funny , but i am much more concerned about the fact that this kind of shit , meaning polls predicting one thing and something completely different happens , is happening almost every election these days . 
  well they do n't shoot up bars , rape little girls or put religion above law . 
  well excuse me , half of us have german names but we still count . 
  dear millennials : nothing can change if you do n't actually vote . 
  please take us too . 
  we want back !, 
  nice . 
  it 's a shame that rest of your government is not doing so well . 
  on the other hand things can change for better rather quickly . 
  i am eager to see where this goes . 
  if pirates get into government we will finally see how/if their policies work . 
  iceland is ideal country for this . 
  small , ethnically and culturally homogeneous , developed , isolated . 
  in other words , country equivalent of petri dish . 
  this is bound to provide valuable data . 
  greeks , i think its time to prepare for possible war . 
  people used to think that hitler did n't mean all those things he said , until his men marched in prague and jews marched to auschwitz . 
  do you want to drive more countries from eu ?
