  but times are changing and it no longer works that well , still they have time for reforms and are actually going in the right direction . 
  trump is more like america hurting it 's toe and having to slow down than america turning around a walking other way . 
  frisia is really huge , and it had enormous impact on european society and culture . 
  during medieval times frisians lived in pretty democratic societies and were guaranteed their independence and rights by emperor of holy roman empire . 
  makes sense , that 's where anglo-saxons came from . 
  i do that because i resent the guy who introduced the `` czechia '' . 
  seriously , i wish our president would just drink himself to death already , he is pretty close from what i heard . 
  wait , i though most irish did n't speak irish ? 
  according to wiki gealic has just 74,00 native speakers and about 1 500 000 second language speakers . 
  that 's much less than half of population !, 
  well we are poster child for democratic majority atheist country . 
  i mean , most of the other majority atheist countries have `` democratic '' or `` people '' in their name so ... 
  yeah , because we need more of your trolling herr juncker . 
  they both won . 
  i know tax evasion is a problem and i do agree that ireland and others have been acting as eu tax heavens . 
  but i have this feeling that whatever policy eu will adopt under pressure from france and germany will ultimately only benefit , or overwhelmingly benefit , france and germany . 
  because right now , without uk , they are the most important countries in eu by far . 
  lets be honest , which countries in eu can oppose france and germany if they 're united on any issue ? 
  poland ? 
  spain ? 
  italy ? 
  romania ? 
  no other country matches them in population , economic power , contribution to budget or influence . 
  i am proeu but i am afraid that bloc with two overwhelmingly powerful players ca n't work . 
  that 's not even what their saying , they 're just scared that it will apply retroactively . 
  seriously , compared to other stuff happening in europe regarding taxes , this is a nonissue . 
  this also helps their welfare states . 
  in such environment you have to rely on others . 
  idea that you can help yourself is hard sell when it 's -20 outside , you barely see sun and wolves are getting hungry . 
  have you tried : kill all the poor ? 
  [ they chose : `` time to teach them how to war . 
  '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ycl0vpbmfww ), 
  except for climate change which will flood coasts , expand deserts and cripple workforce ( heat is a real problem ) and of course boko haram and similar groups that keep operating in the region . 
  nixon did with china , chamberlain did with nazis , roosevelt with stalin , klaus and meciar did with each other when they broke up czechoslovakia . 
  just from top of my head . 
  what kind of goodwill are we talking about ? 
  because i recall that since the very start eu was clear that it will hurt and made clear that trade negotiation will start after uk is out of eu . 
  that is not good will , that is just honesty , good will would be guaranteeing trade deal , or at least territorial integrity . 
  and recently that honesty was replaced with what seem more and more like threats . 
  i was and i am pro-eu but if this trend continues it will no longer be eu , just club for franco-germanic elites . 
  sorry , but no self respecting independent country can accept ceding judiciary to outside entity . 
  this does not look good at all . 
  i 'm getting those clowns confused :d, 
  is he serious ? 
  when was the last time hungary invaded anyone ? 
  or orban had his critics killed , gays jailed or elections rigged ? 
  i know he is an asshole but putting him in same bag as putin is like comparing apples to ... putin oranges !, 
  to be honest czech president does n't have to do as much . 
  his job is mainly representative , american president is on the other hand head of executive branch . 
  we have no idea what zeman would do if he actually had to solve some of our countrys problems instead of just commenting on them . 
  that being said , you are right about both of them being senile . 
  trump and zeman both display tell-tale signs of dementia : increasingly limited vocabulary , confused behavior , reliance on family/inner circle for presentation ( hey ovcacek is basically sessions !, 
  ) , declining oratory skills and last but not least lack of self restraint . 
  what amuses ( scares me ) is that americans essentially elected their version of zeman in 2016 . 
  the vocabulary , gestures , even the damn face and obsession with popularity and general stupidity . 
  god help us all if these two guys ever meet . 
  because i 'm pretty sure that would mean trump getting drunk on slivovice and unlike zeman he has nukes !, 
  same reason trump is/was popular in usa , he 's successful businessman and keeps saying that state should be run like corporation . 
  and people think that 's a great idea . 
  does n't matter that he robbed state blind during privatization or that he was communist state security agent . 
  he is successful therefore he must be the right guy . 
  i 'm not kidding , this is almost exactly what one of his supporters told me . 
  she 's a girl scout . 
  they are often on drugs and/or heavy smokers . 
  in czech republic scouts have long history of political involvement and , as a result , persecution by the government . 
  many units are connected to local churches ( in case of cities that means pretty liberal communities ) and leaders who are n't worried to be political . 
  the one on the right is a girl scout . 
  they wear uniforms like this , i think i even know this girls unit from somewhere , the insignia seems familiar . 
  edit : 30th brno girl unit, 
  turkey and russian is n't black ? 
  i guess few thousand journalists in jail and few dozen dead is n't `` serious '' . 
  nope , and the best part is that we have entire government institute devoted to changing it and making it even harder . 
  for example : did you know that until 50s we spelled museum , gymnasium just like rest of the world . 
  and two centuries before that we spelled \u010d , \u0159 , \u0161 , etc. 
  like polish still do . 
  not to mention our completely unique names for months and bunch of loanwords from russian . 
  all for one purpose , to create language equivalent of sha-2 , that will mark all non-czechs as foreigners no matter for how long they try to learn our language . 
  espionage , everybody does it , everybody hates it , every country needs it and no politician will ever acknowledge it . 
  bastards , making bad situation worse for hundreds of thousands . 
  hey !, 
  you are directly responsible for thousands of dead people every year by doing this , not to mention influx of possible terrorists and rise of domestic far right . 
  if you cared at all you would help in libya , iraq , syria or nigeria not kilometers from shore which the most unfortunate ca n't ever reach !, 
  what ? 
  you got no torches , no giant images of leaders , no jackboots , no drums or horns , no standardized uniforms , no sense of fashion , not even a one shitty `` kill the jews '' banner and you call yourself a nazi ? 
  mediocre ... / s it was reference to joe dirt movie and to how pathetic these people look . 
  i `` love '' how little introspection this sub has . 
  recent news , russian intelligence vessel got sunk by cargo ship sailing under flag of togo full of romanian sheep . 
  for all the bad shit that happened to us under hapsburgs the `` democratic '' twentieth century was much worse . 
  take my great-grandfather , member of czech nationalist organization ( sokol ) , officer of kuk army . 
  his son spend most of the war in gestapo prison and returned half crippled , half of his family barely escaped gas chambers and even that only thanks to `` misplaced '' documents . 
  i ca n't ask him about how he felt about all of this ( he died shortly after communist coup ) but i have a feeling he was not exactly happy with a way our country got fucked up . 
  mighty russian navy everyone !, 
  seriously if not for nuclear bombs the russia would be already gone , almost every time i ask my military friends about russian armed forces they just shake their head . 
  macron is better than le pen , but these comments keep reminding me that comparing people to le pen sets the bar really , really low . 
  i know that he panders to domestic audience , but this is not a way to help eu in the long term . 
  sure nationalists did n't win in netherlands and macron will easily win french election . 
  but let 's not forget that wilders still got more seats than ever before , socialists in netherlands collapsed , macrons own party is barely a year old with basically no presence in parliament and at least third of french voters think le pen is proper leader for their country . 
  not to mention greece still unable to get out of the mess it 's in , turkey turning into new iran and russians undermining democracy left and right . 
  this is not some renaissance of liberal values , at least not in my book . 
  we have soldiers on streets of major cities now and attack almost every month , this is not time for more divisions .
