  if democrats do n't fuck up midterms ( they will try probably ) , you might get actual health care reform in next decade , maybe sooner . 
  do n't lose hope , vote , engage and for fucks-sake vote !, 
  well american social security is seriously lacking these days , but yes it does exist and somewhat works . 
  i ca n't argue with that . 
  as for universities , czech republic offers free tertiary education up to masters degree . 
  but it is limited by number of years so if you suck you have to pay . 
  but i stand by my comment in general , americans keep more of their wages than we do , but they have to pay for stuff we use taxes for . 
  honestly , your system is n't that bad , you just should regulate a little more and it would be fine . 
  yes , but unlike them we get healthcare , social safety net and free universities . 
  this problem is kind of present in all developed nations . 
  subtle , really subtle , that kgb training is really paying off . 
  he funds a lot of stuff , like all people with billions of dollars . 
  seriously i doubt people like soros or gates know about half the stuff their money is used for . 
  [ the script perhaps but ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swephazynyo ), 
  you forgot prague . 
  it might be a record . 
  they have inferiority complex . 
  they are not willing to look for greatness in past of their people , and they are not willing to be part of your people . 
  they feel that all that defines a person is a color of their skin , that a black man ca n't be british because only whites can be british , and that the black skin is a permanent label putting them among ... who exactly ? 
  not their ancestors in africa , they did n't give two shits about skin and sold their neighbors to whites for gold and guns . 
  not free man who built their lives from nothing in 19th century , because those had `` internalized oppression '' . 
  the only place where they can see themselves , the only people they identify with , are slaves , human property , worth nothing but it 's utility to owner . 
  except that now the owner is gone , the whip no longer touches their flesh and yet they resent their freedom , they resent their being , they wish for the whip to come back to give their obsessions meaning . 
  but the only whip they have is the one inside their minds . 
  the whip woven of self pity , unfulfilled ambitions , deprivation and hatred . 
  i do n't get this , sorry i 'm not sophisticated enough . 
  is it humor , is it serious , is it supposed to be about racism or whatever ? 
  well in czechia the laws are extremely strict so if admins reported him they might have ended up in jail themselves . 
  your appointment with fema should be finalized within the week . 
  [ meanwhile in the east ... ] ( https://youtu.be/ree1xtp-gfq?t=18s ), 
  let 's hope he does n't meet fleece johnson in prison . 
  he got caught and now plays the victim card hoping to get public on his side . 
  i agree , lauri love seems like an asshole playing the victim card , if he really cared about aaron he would hack people responsible , like mit , not fucking epa and nasa , or federal reserve . 
  there was this guy i knew . 
  he downloaded open source hacking tools from github and compiled them on his machine , started using them all over the place . 
  a week later his own computer got hacked and his email filled with messages from angry/pitying admins telling him to stop messing with stuff he knows nothing about . 
  you see the idiot did n't check the fucking readme where the devs state that the tools are for whitehat shit only and that they left vulnerabilities in them to make sure . 
  so i have this distinct feeling that mr. love might be similar case . 
  he may say it 's in a protest , but reality is slightly different . 
  how exactly did nasa , epa , doe and doh mistreat schwartz ? 
  and how does stealing peoples identities and credit card info help make up for it ? 
  well lot of armenians `` became '' kurds when they converted to islam . 
  just like greek converts `` became '' turks . 
  the best hackers do n't get caught . 
  part of the reason why not is that they avoid doing shit like this . 
  you see lauri here was stealing data from us government , not only that , he stole credit cards , personal information , from army , federal reserve , environmental protection agency , nasa , department of energy , department of health ... and threatened to release them . 
  this guy is not some sort of hacktivist , this guy is plain criminal pretending to snowden 2.0 . 
  around here we call him mati\u00e1\u0161 korv\u00edn . 
  around here we call him mati\u00e1\u0161 korv\u00edn . 
  around here we call him mati\u00e1\u0161 korv\u00edn . 
  around here we call him mati\u00e1\u0161 korv\u00edn . 
  around here we call him mati\u00e1\u0161 korv\u00edn . 
  around here we call him mati\u00e1\u0161 korv\u00edn . 
  around here we call him mati\u00e1\u0161 korv\u00edn . 
  around here we call him mati\u00e1\u0161 korv\u00edn . 
  i love this , seriously a good sketch . 
  maybe once we had strong national identity . 
  now we do n't , only flags you see during national holiday are on government buildings , there a few exceptions , but only guy i know who flies a flag on our independence day is 91 and wwii partisan ( guerrilla fighter ) . 
  as for who we identify as , that question will get you mostly shrugs and answers like `` czechs i guess ? 
  what else ? '' . 
  the entire national state , independence deal got pretty sour during last 100 years . 
  it got us two dictatorships , one massive war , double subjugation , loss of more than 50 % of our country , millions of our citizens deported and hundreds of thousands fleeing on their own , not to mention genocide . 
  to add insult to injury we were reminded time and time again that only large countries actually matter ( munich and yalta ) and that even our closest neighbors and compatriots can become enemies , despite shared history ( t\u011b\u0161\u00ednsko in 1938 , slovakia in wwii ) . 
  so right now there are lot of people i know , that are asking if it was all worth it . 
  our economy is completely dependent on that of germany , no change there , plus now our companies are now almost completely owned by foreigners , our sovereignty has to defended by foreign armies because our own is pathetic , again no change there . 
  and our laws are mostly controlled by multinational assembly in some far away city , only this time it 's not in austria . 
  so you tell me , are we really better off now than in 1914 ? 
  because from where i sit , it does not look that way . 
  do n't get me wrong we still think that our cultural identity matters , but times when we defined ourselves in opposition to germany are long gone and most people no longer see cak monarchy like the `` prison of nations '' previous government made it out to be . 
  peaceful , yes we are peaceful , no imperial ambitions at all ... ^ gott ^ erhalte ^ intensifies, 
  exactly , we are not very inventive when it comes to naming countries . 
  months on the other hand . 
  back then it did n't matter , even today you have more people with my surname ( a czech surname with czech meaning ) in germany than in czechia . 
  and two austrian ministers have czech names . 
  literally netherlands, 
  not to mention the obvious , a smaller minority is , the easier it is to ignore them and pretend they are not here . 
  not to mention the obvious , a smaller minority is , the easier it is to ignore them and pretend they are not here . 
  you lack imagination . 
  but yes one has to wonder why chainsaw . 
  blood is coming out of my eyes and nose now . . what have you done ? 
  good idea , we should all do to ensure our * sovereignty and security . 
  * why does this keep happening to me . 
  it is largely remnant of former communist regime , which is one of the reason pis ( anticommunist party led by former dissident ) wants to get rid of it . 
  frankly , to me it looks like a mess encouraging corruption and system proposed by pis only shifts the corruption to parliament and gives it `` democratic '' paintjob . 
  in poland , until recent reforms that is , judges picked judges . 
  seriously i get where kaczynskys come from . 
  i too am still pissed at havel for not pushing proper reforms when he could and letting commies off without trial . 
  but i am concerned about what is going on right now , because to me it seems that they are becoming what they fought . 
  well your supreme court judges are chosen by your elected representatives , your president picks candidate and offers him to congress which then approves or declines the appointment . 
  small protests might be by majority actually agreeing with government . 
  they cut research and education as well . . 
  volkswagen is partly owned by german government , saxony i think . 
  well unlike us they have to pay for their own healthcare and college education , so that cuts their income a lot . 
  oh come on , give them some credit . 
  it maybe is n't stellar but it 's way better than average . 
  macron is neoliberal but not that neoliberal . 
  well you get what you wanted , not le pen . 
  because that 's what this election was all about , let 's face it , no matter who would end up in final round french would have voted for him/her/it rather than elect le pen . 
  not that i blame them for it , i would have done the same probably . 
  i just think that it is good to be honest about it .
