  back in the day the swedes were kind of a boogie man . 
  something like nazis today , just without the racism . 
  to clarify , all parties in thirty years war behaved like animals but swedes were something extraordinary even by standards of early modern europe , especially when it came to treatment of civilians . 
  swedes robbed us too . 
  well to be honest , they robbed everyone they could get their hands on . 
  so it seems that immigrants really do bring crime . 
  no surprise here . 
  waste of fuel . 
  shes just self-hating . 
  and who determines what is `` fake news '' ? 
  infallible state will , because that never hurt anyone . 
  do you want far right to rise ? 
  because thats how you get far right to rise . 
  that would explain a lot . 
  which almost never happens . 
  but normal roof panels would be cheaper , more effective and without risk of getting wrecked by trucks . 
  the road was already there and they only put the panels on one lane . 
  get out of here with your logic and sense . 
  we have to take care for everyone !!, 
  s , o in effort to combat propaganda , the state created a propaganda department . 
  it 's their culture , you bigot . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/witch-hunt wiki is a good starting point . 
  as for sweden specifically https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/witch-hunt edit : to clarify . 
  the witch trials were very rare until the reformation and early modern era . 
  during medieval times the church mostly considered witchcraft to be a superstition and not worthy of investigation . 
  heretics were a different matter . 
  the rulings of council of frankfurt and council of paderborn are especially interesting . 
  as well as opinions of church father st. augustine and pope gregory vii . 
  less intrusive church led directly to witch hunts . 
  i think that the whole communism thing vaccinated us against the censorship prevalent in western europe . 
  no but it was example he used so , yeah . 
  plus kaczynski is far from hitler or any dictator for that matter . 
  do n't get me wrong , he is a dick but not competent enough or crazy enough to try to become dictator . 
   what if chechnya were to fall under some little hitler and we 'd say : fuck them , we got bigger problems to deal with . 
  it already did and eu did nothing . 
  and what are basic values of eu ? 
  if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  i think he should be more careful with what he says . 
  it 's not that i like what polish government is doing with polish constitutional court , but right now the eu has more than enough problems . 
  this will only give more ammo to radicals across eu , supporting the narrative that eu is club which seeks to punish anyone conducting independent policy . 
  and i do n't think we need to lose any more members . 
  i do n't think he did it for any sane reason , or at least not that one . 
  he was offered a place in a state home several times . 
  there will be an autopsy but i do n't think the results will be made public , unless there are any relatives or indications that it was murder we will never know for sure . 
  but yeah , with that kind of lifestyle it was probably lung cancer . 
  he was mentally ill and obsessed with burning stuff and covering himself in ashes . 
  and when i say stuff i mean everything , wood , rags , tires , plastic , newspapers . 
  the guy was really into fire and smoke . 
  he refused home several times and instead lived in abandoned stable , as far as i know he was n't dangerous to anyone , at worst he was annoying because of the smoke . 
  the fact that he made it to 60s is a miracle by itself . 
  sorry but you are suspect and rightfully so . 
  while i do know that many of you fled your countries because of local violence i also know that many of you did not . 
  in fact many among you are terrorists or their sympathizers , many others would gladly see homosexuals killed or imprisoned and woman on trial for being raped . 
  and many more are simply looking for easy money . 
  so sorry but our life , my life , is on the line here and i ca n't take that kind of risk . 
  are you telling me that humans are not idea-carriers ? 
  wow , well i should n't be too surprised i did n't know this . 
  aspergers is hell of a thing . 
  thanks . 
  you know it 's bad when an oligarch formerly connected to secret police sounds sane . 
  hey , can i ask a completely unrelated question ? 
  is the pepici thing just from cosmo or is that a real word for us ? 
  and if so why ? 
  i mean its derived from joseph/pepa but why use it for czechs in general ? 
  sorry but i think that the methodology is a liiitle bit off on this one . 
  oh , well at least they now how to use twitter . 
  it was bound to happen eventually , there were already way too many close calls . 
  maybe now the germans will understand what kind of mess they are in . 
  who is means ? 
  and which war are you talking about ? 
  there have been quite a few . 
  anyway i said most of the time not all the time . 
  diplomatic insult, 
  well armenians did have a state once , palestinian arabs never did . 
  edit : until they got jordan , which included much of the west bank . 
  too bad it was n't enough for them . 
  i do n't see the one i posted . 
  who says its a fault . 
  where is the original ? 
  they broke the law , they must be deported . 
  its simple as that . 
  the joint list which is the third largest party in knesset will be surprised to hear that they did n't join the institution they sit in . 
  they never had a country , there was mandate of palestine which was administered by uk and before that it used to be part of ottoman empire . 
  there never was a state called palestine . 
  it 's not as easy as it used to be . 
  barely a decade ago there was barely anything bad to say about eu , nato or usa . 
  but now with isis , syria , brexit and , lets face it , eus failure that is the refugee crisis its harder than ever before to convince people that putin is actually a threat . 
  no that was un , arabs did n't accept that ruling and were very clear that they do n't want any kind of jewish state to exist . 
  preferably no jews at all but if there are to be jews they should be ruled by arabs . 
  btw that proposal did n't give jews all the land they have now . 
  un did it anyway and told jews that if they want the country they have to deal with arabs themselves . 
  arabs started war with stated goal of pushing jews into the sea . 
  they lost . 
  and israelis took some of their land . 
  arabs did n't like that so they attacked again few years later . 
  and lost again and israelis took more of their land . 
  and so on and so on . 
  most of the time the israelis were heavily outnumbered and outgunned , not to mention without any help from europe . 
  over time the arabs mostly decided to let it go , except for hammas and fatah who still want to kill all the jews and `` reclaim palestine '' . 
  arabs who live in israel and have citizenship mostly do n't care .
