  how many man does your army have ? 
  how many tanks , fighter jets , bombers and pieces of artillery ? 
  for how long could they defend your borders or at least your capital ? 
  where is your nearest fallout shelter ? 
  do you even have any ? 
  you might need some very soon . 
  good , we signed a treaty and we pledged 2 % as a minimum , meanwhile americans carried pretty much entire weight of nato . 
  we can no longer pretend that europe is an island and we can no longer act like it were some `` european values '' that gave western europe decades of peace , freedom and prosperity . 
  whats left of the bridge is right now well below the street level , in fact few pieces are in local basements , one arch actually is a basement . 
  even this arch is actually almost never seen since its under several buildings , these days its mostly used as haven for tourist boats . 
  anyway there are several other remnants , two sculptures , one which is used as way to measure flooding risk called brad\u00e1\u010d , no one know who it was , some say the architect . 
  the other one is inside the old guard tower on left bank of the river . 
  the tower is now connected to the one build for charles bridge . 
  no , the academy refused him . 
  that is gulag talk tovaris . 
  if frontex is so strained for cash why does it have ferries carrying people from libya to italy ? 
  frontex should stop migration and return migrants where they came from , if they fail to do that and instead break law and ship them to our coasts than they are all criminals . 
  law is law for a reason , you ca n't just break it because you feel like it or because you want to be nice . 
  if you do that the anarchy reigns and we can say goodbye to our society . 
  guilty of what ? 
  being angry ? 
  if that becomes a crime everyone is a criminal . 
  in words of samuel jackson : `` yes they deserved to die and i hope they burn in hell . '', 
  you mean frontex the travel agency that picks up migrants off coasts of libya ? 
  that should have been disbanded years ago and all involved fined or send to jail . 
  i think they should look up a definition of superpower . 
  because this is hilarious . 
  i see the parallels too but at the same time i agree with many of their points . 
  i too believe that current course is unsustainable and that mainstream politicians should do what people want instead of pandering to dictators ( like erdogan ) and special interests . 
  but i am worried that things can take turn for worse , especially if no action is take by mainstream politicians . 
  well , in czechia we have certain tension in the church . 
  with prague clergy , monasteries , convents on progressive side and archbishop on the conservative side . 
  antisemitism was mainstream in almost entire europe . 
  take my grandmother for example , she lived in nazi occupied country , looked jewish , had jewish name , her family was persecuted by local collaborator regime and yet she kept believing in the same anti-semitic bullshit for rest of her life . 
  to make things worse her husband was in gestapo prison for years , had jewish friend who lived with him after the war and had his sister in law was death camp survivor . 
  even grandfather survived just because his father concealed their ancestry . 
  and not even that was enough . 
  i believe that if germans did n't start that madness ( shoa/holocaust ) others would , maybe polish or soviets but someone would . 
  that is the most reasonable solution . 
  essentially establishing protectorate of sorts . 
  but that would require spine and guts , which is something european politicians severely lack . 
  it would be painful , long and with no clear benefits for rest of the union . 
  so it will probably never happen . 
  [ round two ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=szjwtvyx9aw ), 
  so much for anti-corruption success story . 
  welcome back romania , the kleptocracy club missed you . 
  except britain , that stinks , and russia they aggressors , and poland with hungary , slovakia , czech republic they nazis , and greece , they broke . 
  come back when you get man in orbit , or at least when you get half of nasas funding . 
  because lets face it . 
  otherwise this is just unrealistic . 
  but kazakhstans are cleanest in region !, 
  it was the british . 
  sorry sturgeon , your party had a chance and you blew it . 
  i am all for self determination but everyone knew it was once a generation type of referendum , you gave it all you had and it was not enough . 
  i would be sorry but the extend of lies and misinformation perpetrated by your side of the issue is almost the same as that of the brexiteers , so i 'm not sorry . 
  now your finances are in shambles and dreams of becoming another norway in ashes . 
  so how about you do something for your people and instead help negotiate some reasonable compromise . 
  or is that a dirty word . 
  if it had german majority i would be all for a referendum . 
  but right now , sadly i might add , the only germans there are tourists so you are kind of comparing apples and oranges , or as we say apples and pears . 
  suppose that serbs in north of kosovo unilaterally seceded , creating their own republic with possibility of later joining serbia . 
  you know like you did accept with albania . 
  would that be okay ? 
  why not partition it ? 
  seriously i mean it . 
  give majority serb areas to serbia and leave the rest to albanians . 
  the serbs should have same right for self determination as everyone else . 
  if we apply double standard we end up with another war . 
  see that big grey patch in the north ? 
  thats where serbs did n't fill the forms asking them for ethnicity . 
  come on guardian , next time there will be xenophobia towards nortumbrians and essexians . 
  yeah , it was same in germany . 
  einstein , freud , haber and many others . 
  no matter what they did , it was not enough . 
  not for long . 
  and thats why jews keep moving to israel . 
  because as they were reminded today and in the last century , no matter what they do , how hard they try , how loyal they are , they will never be considered `` real '' germans/french/whatever . 
  because despite their contribution the governments of europe always saw them , and still see them , as something `` extra '' . 
  well skoda is owned by vw now so . 
  i do n't like soros or his views , but i am afraid that this is step in wrong direction that can be much more damaging than any of his ngos . 
  but if the government of hungary wants to go that way i say let them . 
  if it does help , i am not sure how , we can try something similar . 
  if it does not we will learn from it . 
  so we are worse than moldova . 
  i somehow doubt that people who made this knew what they were doing . 
  almost as if the religion had something to do with this . 
  but that ca n't be right . 
  so you want to pay for reddit account and email , am i getting this right ? 
  they are getting very similar to each other . 
  reasonable move , i just hope that they push it trough . 
  then ship them to luxemburg . 
  aaand it 's gone . 
  then they must leave . 
  well thats the thing . 
  either you have high birthrate or good sex education . 
  believe it or not most children used to be ( are ) unexpected and people who have them have almost no idea what they are getting into . 
  people who think about having children have either none at all , due to them being too old , or they have just one or two , below replacement levels . 
  basically the government has to choose between lots of teen/unadjusted moms and low birthrates . 
  not really , swedish approach to warfare was really infamous , even in times when rape/pillage was pretty much expected thing . 
  this link has some information about how bad the swedes actually were during the war .
