  but we are in eu ? 
  you do realize that the fact the you pay more is an incentive for universities to prefer you over local students , right ? 
  social justice 123 !, 
  i wan na be pc !, 
  islam is not a race . 
  it does have a certain ring to it . 
  so , are we going take bets on when erdogan proclaims himself to be a sultan and enforces sharia ? 
  it 's before migration crisis , several massive terror attacks and brexit . 
  so , take this map with biiig grain of salt . 
  well it has a public support so ... 
  lets hope they do n't u-turn again . 
  on the other hand it was n't even a policy in the first place . 
  probably is a key word here . 
  i mean , i am no economist , and probably neither are you , so we know next nothing about these things but it has sure not prevented the oligarchs from getting more power . 
  some of meanest people i knew were atheists . 
  atheists are majority in czechia . 
  so they are represented in all strata . 
  from intelligentsia to hillbillies . 
  on the other hand being religious around here requires conviction and i dare to say certain level of stubbornness . 
  if uk wants to go that way i see no reason to stop them . 
  while i do not , and i repeat , do not agree with such measures one can argue that this era of free trade and movement brought us lower consumer prices , but also increasing divide between rich and poor . 
  not to mention crash of heavy industry , more power to oligarchs and , last but not leas , certain security issues . 
  now i do not think this will work out for uk or that its a moral thing or even something i would do . 
  but i say , let them try . 
  if it works , sad but sort of good and if it does not work , good , but sort of bad . 
  one way or another we get important data . 
  and lets face it . 
  deciding without enough information is not a good idea . 
  putin and lukashenko already are dictators and were for several decades . 
  orban , well so far he did n't make many steps in dictatorship direction , little extreme maybe , but still not the worst the hungary has to offer . 
  me neither but he is in charge of turkey , has large support and just managed to purge opposition from almost all levels of civil service . 
  i mean if anyone in europe is posed to be a dictator it 's him . 
  you should have added for now to lot of that stuff . 
  erdogan is hard at work . 
  do n't worry . 
  he will soon discover that he is sayyid and proclaim himself new khalif . 
  wonderful thing about this mess is how the entire left-right paradigm unravels . 
  corbyns approach would probably work in early twentieth century . 
  in times when only thing workers could loos were indeed their chains . 
  but today the stakes are much higher . 
  even for those in the lowest classes of british society , and as a result , they are far less likely to support someone as crazy as him . 
  the same thing is happening in entire developed world . 
  from china to usa the old part systems no longer work because problems people face have changed . 
  previously fringe parties are getting dozens of percents , oligarchs are suddenly legitimate candidates for working men , nationalism is no longer a slur . 
  only time will tell what will come out of this . 
  almost as if multiculturalism did n't work . 
  refugees just want a nice place to live , they are not terrorists !!, 
  / s it hurts being right . 
  i mean , i would love to believe the same thing regressive left does . 
  that everything can be solved by love and tolerance , and that all cultures and religions are equal . 
  but time and time again the data disprove each of those points . 
  until data shows otherwise i will remain as i am . 
  opposed to the uncontrolled migration . 
  just saying that multiculturalism enriched french a lot in last few years . 
  can you prove me wrong ? 
  numbers are on my side . 
  nice for you to acknowledge that you can not refute my entire list . 
  just to clarify this is a list of bomb attacks during troubles 1969 -- 1998 : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_bombings_during_the_northern_ireland_troubles_and_peace_process this is a list of attacks done by islamic state 2013-2016 : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_terrorist_incidents_linked_to_isil please tell me which lists more victims ? 
  in just 3 years one , and i repeat one , muslim terrorist group outperformed entire ira which had ten times more time to work with . 
  plus , ira attacks had much fewer victims than isis . 
  and security agencies across the world acknowledge that many syrian `` refugees '' are isis infiltrators . 
  tell that to bataclan attack victims , charlie hebdo , the jewish teachers ... 
  how many terrorist attacks have poles committed in last . . say 20 years ? 
  yeah those girls in rotherham , oxford , london and elsewhere wanted to get covered in gasoline and raped . 
  or maybe they were asking for it . 
  hard to know these days , regressive left and fundamentalist islam is closer than ever . 
  multiculturalism never worked . 
  if you do n't like our laws , our customs , and you keep on breaking them and ignoring our secular authority , you should leave . 
  because you do not belong here . 
  this goes for everyone . 
  if you love hitler or stalin , if your biggest dream is making death camps for people with large noses or people with little more money , the you too should leave . 
  i do n't know where nazis would go . 
  as for stalinists , north korea , venezuela and cuba seem reasonable . 
  islamists have plenty of choices . 
  about 40 actually . 
  how dare the hungarians to love their country ? 
  most of them are not syrian anyway . 
  seriously , wanting actual workforce instead of uneducated , aggressive , intolerant , fundamentalists with penchant for spontaneous explosions should be default stance of any country . 
  if you are not capable of living in civilized society and upholding its values , you should leave it . 
  for your own sake . 
  yes , i do believe that expulsion of czech germans and denying them their self-determination rights was a mistake and i do believe that not enough was done to set things right . 
  i am sorry to tell you that nation state never left . 
  if you think that national interests ever stopped being top priority you are immensely naive . 
  why do you think czech republic went into eu , why our state media and politicians pushed for it so much ? 
  because we wanted easier access to german market , those sweet eu farming subsidies and eu investment in our obsolete infrastructure . 
  same goes for pretty much entire visegrad . 
  poland had additional reason , being afraid of russia they wanted backup if nato ever went bottom up . 
  hungary wanted to curb irredentist sentiment that kept creeping up and messing trade . 
  what is happening right now is that those very reasons are being outweighed by new problems . 
  immigration crisis proved that eu can not secure its borders . 
  ukraine crises proved that russia does n't care what eu , with grossly underfunded armies , thinks . 
  greece , spain and others proved that single currency without single fiscal policy does n't work . 
  and last not but least , germany and france became only real decision makers in eu and its de facto leaders . 
  putting their interests and policies ahead of everyone elses . 
  inevitable , given their population and economies , but still , not what we signed up for . 
  most of them are imported in last 40 years though . 
  legal right my ass . 
  but we are progressive !, 
  well there was this one local who got completely bonkers from drinking it . 
  the revolution already happened .
