  why ? 
  rest of the world should, 
  this law wo n't even increase the availablity of guns , it just makes it harder for the govt or the eu to take them away . 
  stop panicking . 
  they can do that with a knife as well . 
  and guns have to be kept in locked containers by law , at least here, 
  how could union even prevent this when spd/gr \u00fcne / linke hold a majority ? 
  fun fact : montenegro 's name literally means black mountain ( which montenegro means in italian too ) . 
  so paris kept the flag of the commune ? 
  do n't you have an aircraft carrier already ? 
  i 've been there , i agree, 
  yeah and you possibly ca n't protect those islands without this supercarrier ? 
  still probably far less than google made by breaking whatever law they broke, 
  that 's a spambot , ignore it, 
  yeah because you would get invaded without a supercarrier ? 
  at least that means human lives have been saved from war . 
  all this ship is used for is killing people . 
  vasa was a ship though, 
  yeah , because you * definitely * need that to defend your island, 
  what server were you on in wow ? 
  there were huge populations of specific languages in certain servers , i remember playing mainly on a server that was 80 % swedes and danes, 
  not anymore since defaults are gone, 
  / r/de has 60k while / r/de _ iama has 300k, 
  we do n't need to give them more than a hundred to do that, 
  then explain how women got the right to vote so late ? 
  democracy only works when the minorities are taken into account as well , otherwise it 'll just turn into a tyranny of the majority, 
  unfortunately our government is pushing for these 0 $ jobs . 
  they think that forcing the unemployed to work for a few months for a private company for free will fix unemployment . 
  hint : it just makes things worse, 
  why would the poor vote right wing ? 
  hippopotamus is greek for river horse i think, 
  low birth rate is n't ? 
  i do n't really know of any finnish companies in my field that operate there, 
  midsummer i guess, 
  can you whitelist direct image links in comments to banned sites like rt ? 
  i understand your reasoning to ban the articles , but a blanket ban seems unjustified, 
  if there are jobs that i qualify for that pay at least a decent wage with which you can buy a house and a car and does n't make you live paycheck to paycheck , i could actually consider it . 
  not knowing romanian might be the biggest hurdle though, 
  i agree , i was n't criticizing you, 
  yes , everything is democratically decided in the workplace instead of some dictator-like boss telling you what to do, 
  i 'd argue that north korea is fascist . 
  although they 're hardly leftist . 
  i was talking more about the refugees , who judging from this chart did n't apply for asylum in eastern europe ( apart from hungary ) . 
  czechia has very little of them . 
  at least in poland it does n't really look like they 'd accept any refugees even if they wanted to come, 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  eastern europe is in the red because they 're not accepting any immigrants . 
  if you count only natural growth and not immigration , almost all of europe would be in the red, 
  implement rojava 's system nationwide ? 
  still has a lot more than comment or two, 
  / r/physical _ removal , the whole damn sub is fascists talking about genocide, 
  a shitty fptp election system that suppresses the non-mainstream parties by making it mathematically impossible to gain a fair amount of seats, 
  yeah , roads straight from mines to ports and nothing else . 
  they neglected the local infrastructure because it was very unprofitable in most places . 
  yes and the sweden democrats are the worst of all evils for every other party, 
  she was a `` shitty person '' because he wanted to help the poor and the ones fleeing war, 
   if you 're a shitty person who dies , then you do n't magically become a good person . 
  you just become a shitty person who died . 
  i 'd say this applies to you too, 
   my interpretation of that signal is that you think jo cox somehow `` got what was coming to her '' . 
  fuck that notion , it does n't belong in a democracy . 
  yeah , and then you have this : the man who just became the leader of our then-second-largest-party ( that split in two thankfully short after his election ) has publicly said that the red-greens deserve to die in a terrorist attack . 
  and he also believes people should n't be treated equally but based on their `` value '' to society among certain other ridiculous things . 
  their ethnostate ? 
  lol if you dom ' t want that many non-natives in your country maybe you should 've thought of that before annexing their homes, 
  at least in britain 's case you can blame their colonialism and imperialism, 
  is that a problem ? 
  knowing how police and the army treat people of color , it 's very understandable they do n't want to sign up, 
  moscow : omon-troops disperse a protest, 
  it 's true that americans intervened in a lot of elections and probably still do . 
  but it does n't justify * anything * russia 's doing . 
  you 're just trying to steer the discussion away, 
  it 's because russia is n't that far from fascism, 
  oh , russia is yet again accused of something !, 
  quick ? 
  what can we blame on america ? 
  oh , right !, 
  the jews !, 
  the jews are behind everything !!, 
  you 're delusional, 
  by that logic , someone who wants to unify the eu should be criticized by comparing them to the last attempt at unifying europe , nazi germany . 
  you do n't make sense either saying anarchism wo n't work because of the ussr is like saying that right-wing libertarianism wo n't work because of nazi germany, 
  we make food currently that can feed 12 billion people . 
  feeding the world is n't impossoble . 
  but muh horseshoe !!!!!, 
  the totalitarianism of the ussr is n't representative of all of leftism, 
  then you should also know that anarchism means there 's no central control because there 's no state . 
  and no anarchist supports the ussr or china . 
  do you even know what anarchism is ? 
  because it 's the polar opposite of what you 're describing, 
  yes i am . 
  that 's part of the reason why i 'm an anarchist . 
  the modern day bourgeoisie `` democracy '' just does n't work for the benefit of anyone but the rich and powerful . 
  well there is n't much else to vote for , in many countries the only options are the bad left wing party or absolutely insane right-wing parties, 
  for parties and politicians maybe . 
  but not for the voters, 
  of course there are , but i was n't talking about the parties . 
  every politician who holds some kind of power is corrupt and should not be trusted, 
  you can get that for far less than 30 $, 
  and here i am with unlimited everything at 100mbps for 20 $,
