not a unique word for that , we just use the word be ( olla ) for that . 
  for example : `` minulla on talo '' , literally means `` with me is a house '', 
   suomi on mahtava kieli ftfy when you 're saying x is something , x is always in the nominative case, 
  with borders from the 1930 's ? 
  why not ? 
  why have south-centre and plain east ? 
  where 's the consistency ? 
  why does it matter if you 're `` pure '' or not ? 
  slavs were one big nearly homogenous group two thousand years ago, 
  since when is yekaterinburg considered a part of europe ? 
  karelia , kola and arhangelsk . 
  if you 're asking about the thing in the south , that 's kazakhstan, 
  because ? 
  i do , so what ? 
  does that automatically invalidate all other opinions ? 
  your definitions of european do n't make sense : cultural : europe is very culturally diverse , many major cultures have more in common with cultures outside of europe than others inside it . 
  linguistic : i 'm finnish , therefore not european ? 
  is my bengali friend more european than me because they speak an indo-european language while i do n't ? 
  religious : there are lot of muslims in europe that have been here for centuries and are just as european as the many christians here . 
  and christianity ? 
  that 's not even european , it comes from the middle east . 
  and a lot of the people in the world are not religious anymore so at this point so religious definition of an identity is just beyond stupid . 
  racial : the hungarians are descendants of central asian steppe nomads , ( and they do n't speak an indo-european language ) , are they european ? 
  if yes , why are n't the turks who have similar history ? 
  also most iberians have a lot of arabic/berber blood , how can they be european ? 
  and what about all the countless immigrants from the old colonies and their kids , are you saying they never become european , even if half of their parents are ? 
  is greece the successor of byzantium ? 
  why ? 
  and prussia and brandenburg before that ? 
  yeah , that could work too . 
  my point was just that you should n't touch normal weapons just because disabled ones cause problems, 
  yes . 
  most of the guns in the black market are old soviet or yugo ak 's smuggled in . 
  you do n't prevent those by banning western semi-auto ar 's, 
  i 'd still say that turks are more or less european, 
  since when do we define geography by those things ? 
  those kinds of people are not allowed to have guns to begin with ... 
  so ban disabled firearms , not folding buttstocks and 30rnd mags, 
  they banned semi-auto weapon magazines of over 10 bullets , so goodbye reservist and practical shooting or anything that relies on full 30 round ar/ak, 
  did n't you know that the best way to get rid of the black market for guns is to ban all legal guns ? 
  checnya and dagestan are by every possible definition in europe, 
  guns can be used as self defense to kill said terrorists with if you see one attack, 
   the only people you hear advocating for less gun control are the prepper-survivalist conspiracy theorists and neo-nazis . 
  which is funny considering if the nazis get in power , they 'd take all the guns, 
  wouldnct it be safer if many people walked around with guns in their pockets ? 
  statistically legal gun owners ( outside of the us ) are the least likely to use them to murder anyone . 
  i 'd feel safer with guns around , because at least there 's someone to defend you in case of an attack or something . 
  you 're the lost brother of jugoslavia, 
  other than the second biggest city in europe full of muslims ? 
  and russia has kazan and the caucasus . 
  turkey has been in constant contact with europe and influenced by it for half a millenium , their capital is one of the biggest cities in europe . 
  how are they not european when their persianized cousins in azerbaijan ( which is entirely in asia ) are ? 
  do you not realize that we have everythimg so cheap here just because it 's made practically free in poor countries ? 
  sweat is 100c in a sauna , that 's no big deal at 40c outside i 'm practically dying and even 30c is really uncomfortable, 
  works fine in switzerland, 
  that 's a problem with a top-down democracy , not democracy in general, 
   but the truth is that all the riches and development in europe are here thanks to national states no , the truth is that all the riches and development in europe are here thanks to the lack of said riches and development in other countries and the exploitation of those countries ' cheap labor and natural resources to keep up our high standard of living . 
  not really , it 's just a simple unrecognised de facto intependent state . 
  palestine is a lot weirder as they are essentially split into two states , one is kind of like transnistria as far as recognition goes and the other is kind of recognised by some countries , has a seat in the un as a non-member all while essentially holding no territory . 
  or greece being an autonomoys part of turkey , like you historically were, 
  not with france but but occitania ( if that term even has any meaning anymore thanks to the deliberate destruction of minority cultures by the french government ), 
  well technically they have n't officially ruled out the possibility if they never said they 're against it ... 
  how do you survive ? 
  i 'm practically dead at 35 \u00b0 c , even 30 \u00b0 c is uncomfortable, 
   30 \u00b0 c is heaven . 
  i start to literally melt at 30 \u00b0 c, 
  / thread, 
   cold week of low twenties does not compute, 
  the only media i read is the mainstream media and it 's right wing af ... 
  the opposition rule will probably be better , but by how much will be seen . 
  i just fear another pinochet in latin america ... :(, 
  30c is way too hot . 
  it 's manageable for a month maybe but a whole summer , let alone year , no thanks . 
  so free flights from the us to mexico and vice versa ad infinitum ? 
  yeah , maybe not , that place might be a warzone in a few years . 
  yes i know that it 's in the eu . 
  but it 's still geographically in africa, 
  yeah , it sucks to be stuck between a shitty government and a really bad opposition . 
  it does n't look like things will improve much in a long while . 
  maybe one day . 
  that 's in africa though ... 
   merida , venezuela holy shit , 20c all year round with no change ? 
  sign me up, 
  that looks great but there 's no way i could afford to live in los angeles, 
   34c that 's too hot though no , but seriously , that average temperature looks perfect how can i immigrate to mexico ? 
  but how is it radical ? 
   he told the military he was cutting their funding , and then dressed up in fighter pilot clothes to give them a speech is there a video of this ? 
  what the hell is radical centrism even, 
  to me it looked like a lesser of the evils kind of situation, 
  is there a place on earth that has 15-25c constantly all year around ? 
   that 's not a benefit to having the language that 's the cost of switching is too expensive . 
  there 's no benefit to the imperial system or having the world have people drive on the right and left but the cost of switching is too much now . 
  does n't mean it was good . 
   the thing is , the metric system makes lot more sense while the imperial system does n't . 
  same with alphabets , cyrillic makes a ton more sense in slavic languages than latin because of the sounds the languages have . 
  and what 's wrong with different sides of traffic ? 
  if you 're an island nation like the uk , australia or japan there 's no downside to driving different from the rest of the world . 
   yeah except when you 're fluent with a language it 's much easier to learn to write it with a new script than if you are n't . 
  you really have n't learnt a language with a different script have you ? 
  in russian and chinese the writing system has been the least of the problems in learning them .
