well in france we currently have 3 great choices :d incompetent government led by `` bling politicians '' , islamic fascism , or going back to 19th century clerical-france with the front national . 
  interesting insight . 
  thank you . 
  wilders represents the netherlands , which has a completely different situation when it comes to muslim immigration there , which is much more massive than in austria , and of different origin . 
  i looked into the politics of austria and the situation seems to be very different there . 
  ever since the austro-hungarian empire , there has been some kind of a tolerance for islam and the religious problem was never really there since the empire allowed multiculturalism & multi-religion . 
  so the fpoe i think does not have anywhere near the same line on islam as the pvv . 
  but again i think it comes down to national differences between the netherlands & austria . 
  they also differ with the fpoe in a number of ways . 
  this is the thing with right wing politics : there doesnt seem to be uniformity and it differs according to country . 
  it seems to be fpoe is content with preserving austria as some kind of switzerland clone . 
  what 's interesting is that the population doesnt seem to have massively increased in germany . 
  no town seems to be a hotspot there . 
  that said , 2011 is quite dated . 
  hahaha good one mate . 
  austria does n't want anything to do with berlin nazis . 
  vote npd , that is a more sensible option than bothering austrians . 
  `` far right '' seems to be evolving as a definition in austria these days . 
  1 year ago most of the austrian government 's current actions would be considered far right , but now they are normal . 
  i 'm still astonished by the turnaround even on here , with most left-inclined austrians now justifying their government 's actions on most things . 
  as you normally would any poll ... 
  they probably did make the same choice in the previous election but there were problems with the vote counting . 
  no ignorance here since you are perfectly right . 
  the austrian presidency is meaningless . 
  the impact would be for propaganda/mediatic purposes only , with an `` austrian far right president '' making waves on international headlines . 
  however personally i think austrian politics have become inherently right wing ever since the migrant crisis happened , and i am talking about people outside the fpoe . 
  its a true fallacy to think far right/austrian patriots reside only in the fpoe . 
  austrian 's foreign minister is categorized by me as far right ( sebastian kurz ) . 
  christian kern himself ( chancellor ) i believe is pandering enormously to the nationalistic right and could be a crypto-nationalist . 
  hofer is barely far right in my books . 
  his agenda is capitalistic and liberal . 
  he reminds me more of a national-conservative bourgeois type right winger , appealing to the class of austrians who want to maintain their priviledges . 
  most real national-socialists on the internet disavow the fpoe and hofer . 
  he is in the same league as wilders ' pvv in netherlands . 
  austrians dislike being run by germany , always did . 
  the illusion of a harmonious anschluss was propagated by the nazis and adolf hitler , but in no way did this show the truth . 
  the truth was shown in 1945 . 
  when the soviets invaded vienna , an underground austrian government , headed by karl renner , had already made full proposal to the russians for a plan to secede austria from germany and re-establish austrian independence . 
  this is why germany was occupied and only reunified in 1990 , whilst the austrians quickly seceded and got their own state already in 1955 . 
  this would have been impossible without massive austrian desire to separate from germany . 
  only adolf hitler had the fantasy of joining with the germans . 
  this is because hitler was an austrian living on the border towns with germany with strong german history , which had a strong german nationalist movement/ideology . 
  this is not representative of most of austria/austrians , who feel an intense difference with germans . 
  hitler in effect betrayed all of austria by annexing it illegally to the german reich . 
  hitler was much more german than austrian at the end of the day . 
  i disagree . 
  the current `` democratic systems '' in the west right now are just corrupt crony-capitalists systems run by elites which are extremely detached from the people . 
  if you actually let people run the show , politics would look very different today , probably much more on the right . 
  sarkozy is a nato shill . 
  just like your entire puppet government in your country . 
  he did in the last election he was involved in to steal all fn votes . 
  100 % correct . 
  nothing to add . 
  stop killing kurds though bro . 
  stupid french will again elect this idiot instead of the only party which will actually implement what he says ( fn ) . 
  keep in mind sarkozy is a president that was a disaster during his 5 years tenure , and reneged on all his promises regarding immigration , security , etc. 
  he even involved france in afghanistan , lybia , etc. . . which were disastrous operations which affected europe badly . 
  munich and surroundings mainly . 
  obviously as soon as you go into the smaller villages , they are not to be seen . 
  saw them mostly at supermarkets , in parks , downtown , etc. 
  burqa/nikabs are intimidating and scary , whilst a simple veil is acceptable . 
  when you see the former , you are shocked as you witness the deepest part of arabia , afghanistan , or bedouin desert culture in the midst of the secular west , where women are dressing with more and more freedom . 
  it is shocking and you feel like a wedge has been placed between you and `` them '' as foreign culture . 
  its a clear message to european men by muslim men saying `` this is our property '' . 
  well said . 
   banning any form of clothing is utterly wrong . 
  then why ca n't you wear an ss uniform in germany ? 
  i guess you are ok with that . 
   article 2 personal freedoms ( 1 ) every person shall have the right to free development of his personality ** insofar as he does not violate the rights of others or offend against the constitutional order or the moral law ** . 
  i can easily see the burqa being contested here and in many other ways . 
  france has much higher amounts of arab population , but not so many burqa wearing women . 
  this is due to french arab culture being quite different and having not integrated the burqa wearing culture which mostly comes from other islamic countries ( afghanistan , saudi , etc ) . 
  of course with daesh & radicalization , there are more arab women who are forced to wear this , but its still much more limited than in germany , due to it being illegal to wear since 2010 decree . 
   that does n't give anybody the right to ban people from wearing it even against their own expressed will . 
  individual decisions should n't be subject to societal approval as long as they do n't violate anybody else 's rights . 
  do you not contract yourself in quick succession here ? 
  a woman forced to wear a burqa by her husband is not an individual decision . 
  coming from a turk , this makes the point even stronger . 
  i am french and often visit germany ... 
  the contrast is stark . 
  you see quite many women in full burqa in germany as opposed to france . 
  saying this about southern germany ( bavaria ) , can not say if its the same in the north . 
  german society is getting islamized very rapidly , is my feeling . 
  nothing worse than a career politician . 
  it was still a staged event . 
   so , if it 's staged , what 's wrong about it ? 
  ca n't staged photos tell a story ? 
  nothing wrong when the nazis staged this i guess then . 
  nope . 
  there are clear staged shots in all wars . 
  owned !, 
  nice catch op . 
  photos like this are used all the time in the west to argue the case of intervening against russia . 
  eu also has largest economy and market in the world . 
  its the fault of the white german patriarchy , for pressuring them . 
  not daily mail . 
  bbc news + guardian . 
  and what i meant by `` german '' is german speaking regardless of ethnic background , which nobody in 2016 cares about now . 
  i never said that south tyrol was n't unified and harmonious . 
  i merely discussed its tumultuous relations with rome .
