you can have them . 
  can we have some of yours ? 
  our politicians are either a ) snakes , b ) cowards , c ) completely incompetent or d ) all of the above . 
  farage rode in on a native , white and british horse , telling stories of benefit tourism and how the all the problems in britain are resultant of filfthy immigrants stealing our jobs . 
  the tories are cowards who shit themselves when the tabloid-reading morons started buying into that narrative and so , rather than leading by example and pointing to current policy and economic scientists who could verify that benefit tourism was actually largely a non-issue , immigration benefitting the country , and that we had bigger problems to face at any rate , they instead decided to pander to the ill-informed and the anti-eu crowd within their own party . 
  meanwhile , the liberal democrats whilst having a reasonable stance on most things , are completely ineffectual wet-blankets without any semblance of backbone and labour seems to have resigned itself to a dementia-fueled coma and has n't really bothered raising a voice of reason , at all . 
  it 's the same story as all of history . 
  times get hard and people point fingers at the guy that looks different from them . 
  yeah , tl ; dr sums it up quite well . 
  like all countries , a large proportion of our electorate are complete fucking morons and i 'm upset to say that i 'd wager the problem is likely more present here than it is in nordic countries , and switzerland . 
  with poor education in a host of low-income families , the likes of ukip are persuading massive proportions of the population that the problems they face are n't resultant of an economic strife affecting the entire western world , that needs to be gradually worked through , but those euro-sponge bastards , moving here in droves to steal your jobs , whilst also managing to steal your benefits and destroying ` british culture ' , whatever the fuck that actually means . 
  immigration into this country has been massively beneficial but with a tabloid culture ; rather than listening to economic scientists with an established lack of motivational bias , the actual data at hand and the necesarry skilset to interpet that data , they 've been coerced by that snake in the grass , farage that it is n't their fault , that they 're hard-working britons who deserve better and it 's actually the political elite shipping in cheap labour and those filthy polacks who are to blame . 
  the data 's there . 
  immigration works . 
  it 's projected to improve our economic standing over the next 5 years . 
  yes , it needs controlling but in the long run , it 's going to benefit all of us . 
  it 's maddening living in this country . 
  everyone reads the headlines , nobody bothers with the article . 
  everyone has an opinion and the vast majority when questioned do n't actually understand their own position . 
  they just recycle soundbites in an outraged tone . 
  you have to get your news from all over . 
  nothing 's invulnerable to bias . 
  al jazeera on anything involving qatar , the guardian on israel , bbc 's patently liberal bias ( and i say this * as * a liberal ) . . my point is it 's best to source your news from all over . 
  ignore the obvious click-bait , fear-mongering horseshit obviously . 
  briton here . 
  i absolutely understand it should be the other way around . 
  it vexes me no-end . 
   i 'm not sure children are harmed by porn  i have not had a proper erection in some years . 
  something here does n't quite add up . 
  i 'm all for preventing children viewing age-inappropriate material , in the same way i would n't condone children gambling their pocket money while knocking back vodka . 
  my indignation spans from the state assuming that i do n't know how to parent my own children , how to setup nanny software and that this responsibility somehow falls to them . 
  i 'm happy to have it as an optin , it 's default : on that 's the insulting part of all this . 
  i just called 3 and demanded they `` switch the porn back on '' . 
  girl on the phone chuckled and 30s later it was back on . 
  i 'm paying it for through direct debit , they know who the fuck i am and how old i am , no cause to physically travel somewhere and flash id . 
  it 's a proxy invasion , always has been . 
  putin 's government has financed and directly pushed this ` rebel ' army into ukraine whilst retaining the smallest modicum of plausible deniability such that , in the event of a monumental fuck up the likes of mh17 , they can hold up their hands and say `` was n't us ! '', 
  the west is exhausted after decade long conflict in the middle east , iraq/syria , israel/palestine . 
  russia have been playing the waiting game and they know the west is weakened and lacks the political stamina to withstand yet another prolonged border conflict . 
  i 'm sorry to say it as well because i believe ukraine legitimately requires our aid and support in the form of a united military front . 
  without , they do n't stand a chance against russia who are a very formidable foe . 
  would be good to see germany get involved here . 
  the us and britain are legally obligated to defend ukraine 's borders in the event of invasion , post the budapest memorandum and both nations reaffirmed commitment towards that end , in february . 
  currently the fight is being brought via economic sanctions but if putin 's proxy-troops continue movement into internal ukraine , without recourse ; i fear that hands could be forced very quickly . 
  russia for all their faults are a formidable foe . 
  military resources are exhausted after decade-long conflicts in the middle east and with the recent iraq/syrian conflicts , not to mention israel and palestine , the `` world 's police '' are frankly lacking in resources , will and sufficient political stamina to survive being tasked with resolution of yet another border conflict . 
  they and we though , * are * legally obligated to defend ukraine . 
  they surrendered their nuclear arsenal under those precise terms . 
  here 's to hoping further sanctions prove costly enough to make russia think twice on their return/investment but only time will tell . 
  currently putin is annexing portions of this country , illegally and with a paper-thin shroud of deniability , barely intended to even save face . 
  they know their position , they know their strength , they know their enemies weakness and they 've been hiding in the bushes for a * long * time , waiting for this exact opportunity . 
  thanks for the updates op , can you edit your post though rather than continually replying to yourself . 
  it 's really confusing to follow . 
  they 're all fucking awful but the idea of voting in a bunch of closet-racists because the conservatards are arseholes sickens me . 
  sounds like the uk . 
  people voted in droves for ukip simply to ` send a message ' to the dominant parties because they were fed-up with feeling ignored and pushed aside . 
  ukip are racist but even farage would n't use that term . 
  that 's fucking appalling conduct for an mep . 
  it 's not perfect , no but we can work towards developing safer disposal methods in the meantime . 
  the world requires an abundant supply of energy , but you ca n't get it from coal , you ca n't get it from oil , you ca n't get it from gas and nuclear 's potentially unsafe so where are we going to get it ? 
  wind , solar ? 
  methods of generation on renewable sources are horribly inefficient and exorbitantly expensive ; solar panels at just 35 % efficiency rack up $ 100,000 usd per m ^ 2 and you 'd have to blanket an areas the size of wales in turbines just to supplant a sixth of the uk 's daily energy requirements . 
  we need all of them . 
  we need to keep on with nuclear power , we need to keep r&d alive on solar-cell improvements , we need to throw everything we 've got at thorium but in the meanwhile , there is a continent in need of power and nuclear 's the safest bet . 
  well it 's a weird thing to give a shit about any way . 
  it 's like getting up in arms because there 's a portion of society who like bathing in treacle . 
  i mean , yeah it sounds gross and sticky but no-one 's forcing me to climb in so why should i give a shit what other people do in the comfort of their own bathtubs ? 
  tbh , and this is a good thing , homophobia has become * very * counterculture , in much the same way white on black racism did . 
  it 's frankly very unfashionable to express homophobic views in the uk today which i think for many , explains the current situation . 
  it probably sounds very condescending and i do n't mean it to , but there are a large proportion of people who are simply sheep towards trends . 
  even those who would not be expected to follow suit ; when it becomes apparent that their viewpoint is very much against the status quo , their position will shift rapidly . 
  it 's just classic scapegoating . 
  i remember reading a couple weeks back a crimean rebel stating that he 'd heard kiev `` were replacing v day with a gay pride parade '' , they legitimately believed this to be the case . 
  propaganda is alive and well in russia . 
  rather than face their problems collectively , the people are being directed to the ` other ' as the potential cause . 
  that it 's not hard-working , every day russian people who are at fault , but the systematic moral degradation of russian life and a direct result of increased westernisation and the promotion of the ` gay agenda ' . 
  it might sound overblown but it is , in my mind , disturbingly reminiscent of attitudes during kampfjahre . 
  yeah . . but that 's not what the headline would read . 
  no arguments here , it 's fucking retarded but this govt has demonstrated repeatedly that is inept , abusive of its power and hypocritical . 
  the current uk government is attempting to distance us from the eu . 
  accepting aid from them now would be counter-intuitive and provide the opposition , talking-points over how they 're hypocritical . 
  not sure if that 's the case but given we do n't technically * need * the aid relief , i doubt they 're that keen to swallow their pride and accept help . 
  seems reasonable to me . 
  you ca n't just move to a country and subsist on its benefits system . 
  i 'm all for sharing borders and free movement within europe but there has to be limits . 
  if you 're not working , can not support yourself and have n't been able to find any work for months then you have become a burden to your host country . 
  it sucks , but it 's not unreasonable . 
  he 's a coward , pandering to ukip voters . 
  poland are eu , end.of . 
  they get the exact same rights as everybody else . 
  god i hate this fucking prick !, 
  firefox 's vastly improved . 
  i still prefer chrome though . 
  national security legislation  everything else . 
  all rights can and are revoked if you can somehow construe that your actions might , in some way go towards preventing terrorism . 
  it seems that 's all that 's necessary . 
  these are the people that write the law , if it impedes their will , they simply rewrite it , or twist some existent piece of legislation to their needs . 
  it 's fucked up , my only hope for all of this is that the next set of leaks will set a fire under britain 's arse so fierce that the general electorate will * actually * begin to pay attention to what 's happening . 
  i want fucking answers , i want accountability . 
  i want somebody 's fucking head to roll for daring to overthrow freedom of the press , democracy even , in my country .
