mayhaps i should clarify since you edited your previous post . 
  i 'm not saying poroshenko is actually hitler and rada is ful of nazies . 
  that would be giving rada too much credit . 
  there is an odd ultra nationalist in there , but it 's mostly bluster designed to attract patriotic electorate and distract from more substantial issues . 
  what matters tho is how those clips affect not you or me , but someone in donbass who is being shelled , and how it facilitates implementation of cease fire , or lack there of . 
  man , not to put to fine a point of it , but as i said , take it or leave it . 
  if you want a grid search of the internet for one newspaper bothering to report it in a country that does n't care about the conflict one way or the other , tho what arcane reason would it have to report it than , knock yourself out . 
  here , have a bonus from minister of culture of ukraine : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqiadk9gaue, 
   trustworthy can you imagine a major western , because from the sound of it that 's what you want , news source going against the narrative and own interest so hard as to report that ? 
  i mean i 'm sure there is a report of this in some small german opposition paper , or some such . 
  at some point you got ta take it or leave it . 
  here 's a russian embassy tweet of that video , for what it 's worth . 
   it 's actually funny that you think this there were two ifs in that paragraph . 
   much like myself ? 
  you kept moving goalposts after being presented with an example you requested . 
  this is a pretty common tactic for people who are entrenched in their opinion . 
  nothing wrong with being sceptical of some vidoes on the web , but why ask for them if you are n't gon na believe them ? 
   since many of the separatists have committed war crimes , it 's a war mate , that sadly happens on both sides , look up tornado . 
   there is local discontent in those areas that will drive some of them towards separatism . 
  nah , crimea wanted to bail since 1991 , cultural and historic reasons mostly . 
  donbass only resorted to guns when their oligarchic clan was ousted by one from lvov . 
   i do n't believe the right way to settle local discontent is by a few guys with guns taking over you do realise that 's exacltly what happened in lvov prior to maidan ? 
  by exactly the people in power in kiev currently ? 
  turnabout is fair play , yanuk at least had decency , or maybe lacked courage , not to sent tanks to suppress lvov . 
  is that really surprising given how unwilling people in the anglosphere , much like yourself , to admit that ukraine bears part of responsibility for the crisis ? 
  add the general dislike of anything pro russian and you have a perfect recipe for downvotes/dislikes , no matter the content . 
  last i checked you do n't need popular vote to determine legitimacy of an argument . 
  if you are genuinely interested in the conflict , there are plenty informative sources on youtube , with hour long interviews with experts detailing the situation from multiple angles/perspectives . 
  ultimately it 's not up to me to tell you what to think and how . 
  if you are convinced that ukraine can do no wrong nothing i say will change that . 
  i 'm not gon na play goalposts game mate , there are plenty copies of this video of various lengths . 
  here 's another `` good '' one : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhyyj5l9lx0, 
   then why are you blaming ukraine for not wanting them ? 
  not really blaming ukraine , but pacta sunt servanda applies here , and germany and france guaranteed that ukraine will do it , it 's either than or rf will just cut a deal with us sooner or later to resolve the simmering crisis . 
  fun fact , russia is not a signatory to the treaty , but a guarantor , like france and germany , so it carries exact same amount of responsibility for it 's part that germany and france do . 
   are you going to post an example , or are you just going to make random accusations without proof ? 
  there are many `` good '' ones but this is my `` favourite '' . 
  conflicts are not really comparable . 
  tho there is the pattern of separatism support by rf , details of conflicts are radically different . 
  transnistria was a short low-intensity military conflict followed by a long , but peaceful coexistance , with high degree of economic and even social reintegration , whilst still maintaining cultural disparity . 
  it is quite clear that moldova is invested into eventual rejoining with the region trough peaceful means and even tho there are those in moldovan parliament that view current situation as preferable , due to the fact that if it were to rejoin communist party would never lose an election again , they are a minority . 
  ultimately lack of resolution is largely due to lack of political will from transnistria/russia to allow a reintegration on moldovan terms , and vice versa . 
  also of note willingness of moldova to engage diplomatically with both russia and transnistria as an independent state rather than someone 's client . 
  contrast donbass , a 3 years prolonged bilateral low-medium intensity engagement preceded by a large number of high intensity engagements with devastating casualty rates , followed by economic blockade from ukrainian side and borderline genocidal rhetoric ( you can look it up if you speak russian or ukrainian ) coming from ukrainian state-owned tv-channels , that was dutifully broadcast to donbass by local authorities to stir up popular support . 
  add failure to ratify minsk accords by ukrainian rada , and you can see a clear tendency to further separation , supported by rada majority , which appears to only be interested in military solution to the conflict , which , for well known reasons , remains impossible . 
  the actual reasons behind such an approach is high amount of funding that can be siphoned off war budget , this occurs on both sides but due to various concerns including sanctions play very little role in rf policy compared to ukrainain one . 
  similarly on diplomatic front ukraine refuses to acknowledge dnr/lnr as subjects and talk to them , and after a chain of events too long for one thread too explain was essentially cut out of us-rf conversation , whilst normandy format remains utterly useless due to differences in perception of what should be done first and aforementioned refusal of ukrainian rada to recognise them as legally binding by ratifying them . 
  given that they are written by a russian lawyer in such a manner that they comprehensively cover all russian interests , i assure you russia has every reason to see them implemented . 
  knock yourselves out , there were plenty of horrible things done under it . 
   i still do n't see why comedic commentary public here is key word , not comedic . 
  i already outlined that in russia we do not find it acceptable to in any way display extremist symbols in public , outside of strict necessities such as news reporting and education and even than there are restrictions . 
  this is not just about `` reactivation '' of an ideology . 
  this is about preventing a physical assault investigation because some bright idiot decided to wear a swastika in public as a joke and happened to be on the same street to a person who lost both his parents to nazies . 
  if you want to joke about this shit find a private forum/gathering and knock yourself out . 
   we are talking about an isis flag in the background of a late show report . 
  you think the prosecution of the guy for sharing it is appropriate ? 
  in public context ? 
  yes . 
  i already gave you my reasoning , and explained how russian law deals with exceptions for news reporting . 
   whataboutism the technical term is hypocrisy . 
  and if you actually go looking for examples you will find out that what could be argued as `` art '' . 
  here 's one on me : http://www.foxnews.com/world/2017/05/04/german-woman-fined-for-photo-nazi-easter-egg-basket.html  criminally persecuted the man was fined . 
  not thrown in jail or sent off to gulags . 
  have some perspective . 
  it is perfectly fine to disagree with this or that law , but , as above , i , and apparently russian legislature , disagree with your assessment of what should and should n't someone use swastikas for . 
  you , personally , clearly endorse using them in such a fashion , or at the very least not prohibiting such use . 
  as above , i disagree , some things are not funny , and should not be treated lightly . 
  there is a reason that even moscow times has decency to follow law and mention that is is banned in russia . 
  you can joke about silly nazies in private all you like , in company of friends or like minded individuals . 
  but social networks are a public space , and we would no more allow an isis flag on the street than we will permit one on the public web . 
   parody and art and we in russia do n't find swastikas amusing or artful . 
  i 'm sure any historian can explain you why . 
  there is a discussion worth having on the issue , but the starting point should not be `` russia fines man for liking john oliver '' . 
  but than again , i 'm not exactly sure why someone who believes moscow times to be a good enough news source to promote , would be interested in honest discussion . 
  if the man was previously known to hold questionable views ? 
  of course . 
  i can go digging for samples if you 'd like , but in germany posting face of hitler for non-educational purposes is highly illegal , forget swastikas . 
  here 's related law . 
  i know that / r/europe resents complexity , but he was in fact fined because that `` clip '' had a isis flag in it . 
  those are treated in russia the same way swastikas are . 
  do go ahead and try posting a swastika on fb in germany or uk , and see where that gets you . 
  in addition this is not the first time he was found posting questionable things on vk , previous time it was an actual swastika , and the first time he got off more or less with a slap on the wrist . 
   honest i was hoping the word magnify , would explain what i mean , but i can elaborate . 
  for example would it help if i used `` blow out of proportion '' or `` make a storm out of nothing '' , explain what i mean ? 
   on ngo law - i do n't understand what problem would it solve other than the gvnt needs to discredit ngos the problem are n't the anti-corruption ngo 's , or foreign funded universities . 
  it 's the de-facto brainwashing they commit on those inside the nation , usually youth , and that if that brainwashing is supported by the people who do not associate their future with hungary , there is every reason to suspect that those organisation would spread ideologies that benefit their donors and not the host nation . 
  given that the ideology is neo-liberalism , many europeans overlook it since neo-liberalism is at the core of eu , for better or worse . 
  however given the recent crises hitting eu , certain nations like hungary and poland , and their political elites are having buyers remorse on certain aspects of the eu , and thus neo-liberal ideology and seek to limit it 's spread by foreign-funded entities . 
  many nations including us , rf , china and innumerate others have a foreign agents law that exists to combat just such ideological incursions , with various degrees of limitations attached to what these `` foreign agents '' can and ca n't do . 
  to give an example to you that would be easy to appreciate , think of how sa uses mosques to spread radical islam , or how russia uses rt to spread and magnify destabilising info that western governments would rather keep under wraps , etc. 
   why is that wrong ? 
  it is not . 
  peaceful protest is fine , they , members of mejlis , went beyond that again and again and lost the right to peacefully protest . 
  i answered to the other one . 
  i 'll make it easy on you . 
  what are the chances of someone in france allowing absolutely peaceful isis march ? 
   well it is removed when i 'm logged in it is not . 
  when i 'm not it is . 
  the remaining posts , remain . 
  why in 9 hells would i remove 1 comment and leave all the other karma sinks .
