  i absolutely agree that america should not be the `` world police '' which is why i have vehemently opposed involvement in ukraine , syria and libya . 
  our hypocrisy ? 
  the wars in afghanistan and iraq were horrific mistakes to put it lightly . 
  are all 300 million of us no longer allowed to have opinions on international relations now ? 
  if that 's the sort of road you want to go down i would tread lightly as there are almost no european nations who do n't have their own skeletons in the closet including yours . 
  lol , in my experience almost every german under 50 speaks almost perfect english anyway so it 's usually not a big deal . 
  they almost always switch to english as soon as they hear your accent as well which can be maddening when you 're trying to get practice . 
  think whatever you want . 
  this discussion is stupid and went way off course . 
  you asked why americans feel the way they do about nato and the situation in ukraine and i answered as best i could . 
  you may dislike what i said but that does n't change that it 's how certain people feel . 
  i never said that the problems the eu faces regarding internal bickering are n't also faced by the us . 
  i also never ever said it will not work or survive . 
  in fact i quite clearly stated i have high hopes for the eu . 
  if the eu is incapable of having a united voice about external affairs then perhaps it 's best that it remains only an economic union which is not at all what i see the majority of / r/europe users hoping for ( further integration ) . 
  please . 
  our industrial cities across the rust belt have been languishing for decades . 
  force us to start manufacturing in the us again and we 'll love you for it . 
  i never said the us is n't facing it 's own problems with internal strife . 
  hell that 's all we 've been doing since 2008 . 
  i too have big hopes for the potential of the eu and also recognize that the eu has already accomplished a lot and seems poised to do good things in the future . 
  that being said i do n't understand why i 'm not allowed to criticize what i see as some of its shortcomings simply because of the flair next to my name . 
  and not at all integrated to the level the us economy is . 
  when that day comes then it will be a different discussion . 
  but we 're not there yet . 
  like what your volkswagens and bdsm porn ? 
  anti-american sentiment is strong and like i said earlier i ca n't blame anyone for that . 
  that being said do n't be surprised that that goes both ways and we increasingly want less and less to do with europe . 
  if that makes both of us happy perhaps it 's for the best . 
  well , it 's clear you do n't understand that i was explaining why the average american wants absolutely nothing to do with the conflict in ukraine . 
   you just ca n't stand that you need us more than we need you . 
  that 's a very bold claim . 
  i 'm also uncertain why you felt the need to launch a personal attack against me even though i clearly said that i did n't share those views . 
  i also find it very interesting that you think the actions of the rich ruling elite who control our government are doing what they do because it 's what the public wants . 
  and do n't act like your government and numerous other eu governments have n't been totally complicit in the whole nsa thing . 
  be combative all you want . 
  i 'm out . 
  please . 
  you have no idea what a real redneck is . 
  anyway , the us is a true federation . 
  our economy is totally integrated and we have one singular foreign policy . 
  the eu economic numbers that so many here love to parade around are not equivalent to the us economy . 
  it 's a problem that 's tearing my country apart . 
  if anything that only makes me more qualified to talk about how internal squabbling can affect a federation of states like so many want the eu to become no ? 
  it happens . 
  anti-american sentiment is very strong at the moment and i ca n't say i blame anyone for that . 
  if that 's the way you want to look at it . 
  most are n't thrilled about the situation because we are n't very good friends with the russians . 
  but nobody wants war with russia or war in general at the moment . 
  i meant more along the lines that i think lots of americans are very unhappy with nato and there 's been many who have been talking about leaving nato especially since the crimea debacle . 
  there 's many who see our nato allies as freeloaders who wo n't pull their own weight even when threatened . 
  self-reliance is a huge part of american culture . 
  couple that with the war weariness from iraq/afghanistan and the possible threat of once again being pulled into conflict in europe . 
  also we have so many domestic issues that are reaching a boiling point . 
  isolationist sentiment is very strong at the moment . 
  lots of people feel the europeans sneer at us but then come running for help when the next threat to them comes along . 
  not necessarily my views but there are many who feel that way . 
  english and german . 
  i agree but when you ca n't even find enough common ground to confront a common outside foe you have a serious issue . 
  similar to us then . 
  what 's the price like ? 
  here that many people just ca n't afford to get drunk at the game with a 12 oz beer being like $ 8 . 
  related question , do they sell alcohol at matches and if so when do they stop sales ? 
  i know here in the us they stop alcohol sales about 3/4s of the way through the game to try and sober people up before they leave . 
  maybe from an eu perspective . 
  i think most people in the us think of our relations more along nato and military lines especially with the recent events in ukraine and are rather upset about that . 
  and the eu has consistently shown they ca n't stop squabbling amongst themselves for five minutes to pose a serious threat to anyone . 
  boycott google if it makes you feel better but your `` eu economy '' is n't scaring anyone . 
  we want to sit next to canada and australia . 
  i 'm from illinois but go to school in ohio where my out of state tuition is cheaper than in state at many il schools . 
  i know plenty of people who ca n't find work after school and those that do are generally being paid shit . 
  i 'm very interested in where you 're finding all these good paying jobs in il . 
  i do n't get home that often but from what i 've heard people have been leaving the state in droves until recently . 
  there 's also the issue of getting a decent job without a degree . 
  i know from my high school only a minority could afford to get secondary education . 
  switzerland stayed neutral due to a long history of neutrality , cultural and linguistic ties to germany , mountainous terrain ( to say the least ) and keeping everyone 's money . 
  in addition to enough military preparedness to make it more trouble than it 's worth . 
  where did i say we should take the money spent overseas and spend it domestically ? 
  i was trying to corroborate the idea that the `` economic growth '' in the us is going straight into the pockets of the people at the top while the rest of us get told to keep our cheeks spread and bite the pillow . 
  not a brit but i can see our government saying the same . 
  that just screams to me `` stop looking at all these domestic issue and be scared of the brown people again '' . 
  i do n't know about you but i have no good health insurance . 
  one health problem could wipe me out financially . 
  i 'm up to my eyes in debt . 
  university fees are at $ 25,000 + for a year ( at a fucking state school ) and going up every year . 
  shit job prospects after graduation . 
  if i even find one i can look forward to shit pay , shit hours , no chance to unionize and no vacation or sick days . 
  hell i may have to work for free before getting the `` privilege '' to work for salary . 
  not to mention all the shit our government does against us while doing fuck all for us . 
  that 's just the surface and i 'm not alone . 
  there are millions of young people across this country in the same situation and unless something is going to be done i predict there will be people in the streets . 
   lower or middle class poor . 
  that 's what you can call us . 
  poor , uneducated , shit infrastructure , no prospects for your children being better off and increasingly fucked unless you 're a senator 's son or something . 
  our government could n't give a fuck about you unless you 're a military age male or pulling in over 200k a year because apparently you shit jobs at that point or something . 
  more like a drunk sleeping giant that has multiple personality disorder and ca n't stop squabbling with itself for five minutes to be the power it has the potential to be . 
  in addition to the 12 jets and 200 support personnel already there . 
  not an insignificant presence . 
   rumors about us promised in geneva to freeze putin 's personal assets if russia will break the treaty whoa, 
   it 's a direct challenge to russia obviously i 'm not unbiased but you 're damn straight it 's a challenge .
