  so it 's okay to shove our views down the throats of others so long as it 's reciprocated equally ? 
  many states have back up methods . 
  i do n't think any states still use the firing squad ( iirc the last execution by firing squad was in the early 2000s ) and certainly none still use hanging . 
  oh calm down . 
  you say you always get `` well i like it '' and that 's the end of it , not what 's happening here and i said i * usually * get treated like some psychopath ( i wo n't use hitler if it really offends you that much ) . 
  we 're having the discussion you so desire . 
  i * never * said infant circumcision is acceptable , do n't put words in my mouth . 
  i said i 'm okay with * my * circumcision . 
  i 'm totally against infant circumcision , i 'm merely pointing out that it 's important to accept that same people make the best of their circumcision and * gasp * come to be okay with it or even embrace it . 
  that 's okay . 
  well , i do like it . 
  from * my * perspective , every time circumcision comes up on reddit i feel like i need to defend myself and my dick merely because i do n't consider myself `` mutilated '' and feel like i 'm okay . 
  to * me * it 's no different than if my parents had pierced my ears when i was a baby . 
  do i wish i could have made that choice myself ? 
  yeah . 
  do i blame my parents ? 
  now , it also seems to me that people ca n't accept the fact that * me * being okay with * my * circumcised cock does ** not ** mean i 'm okay with infant circumcision . 
  it honestly feels like that i 'm treated like hitler for refusing to grovel around and feel sorry for myself . 
  or if you 're high . 
  i 'm not sure how common it is in germany , but here in the u.s. tons of people make their own jerky . 
  you can buy the [ seasonings and machines online ] ( http://www.cabelas.com/catalog/browse/jerky-making/_/n-1101297/ns-category_seq_104407380?wtz_l=sbc%3bmmcat104798880%3bcat104723280 ) ( not sure if you could in germany but it 's worth a try ) . 
  most people use it to make venison jerky but i think it would work just as well with ground beef . 
  it is n't ? 
  i find that kind of shocking . 
  come visit !, 
  in my state it 's 2 am and i still think that 's too early !, 
  well , i know a lot of people who work the third shift and you just sort of adjust your sleep schedule . 
  it sucks , but once you get used to it it 's not so bad . 
  plus , most people do n't have a choice and need the money or are picking it up as a second or third job to make ends meet . 
  really ? 
  pizza hut is about as bottom of the barrel as you can get when it comes to pizza . 
  i can agree with that one . 
  i 'm from the midwest , everything is flat and you can see for miles on end and this goes on for * thousands * of miles . 
  when i first saw really hilly terrain in tennessee , i became super claustrophobic . 
  i made a trip to germany , austria and switzerland when i was 18 and saw * true * mountains , the alps for the first time . 
  i was just so absolutely awestruck i sat there and just took it all in for a few hours , it completely blew me away . 
  i 'd truly never seen anything like it before . 
  the only explanation i can think of is perhaps european born americans . 
  as in they were born in europe but eventually came to the u.s. and when they discovered whatever they discovered they were american citizens . 
  still does n't make sense though . 
  please do n't , they 're already worked up enough that they feel the need to protest on my university campus every few weeks and i live in the north . 
  where are you from ? 
  where i live it 's a very big thing . 
  off the top of my head you most certainly are allowed to report multiple ethic heritages and most people do . 
  i * think * it 's only racial where you have to pick one . 
  tons of irish and italian in chicago , along with polish . 
  you must hang out with very weird folk . 
  i 've never run into anything like that . 
  statistically , german is the most common ethnic ancestry though . 
  the fact that 71 % said they want to strengthen ties with the west is telling to me . 
  depends on if it 's a black cow or not . 
  i do n't have enough knowledge to form an educated opinion . 
  can confirm . 
  entering germany : business or pleasure ? 
  pleasure . 
  okay have fun . 
  did n't even have to stop the car going into austria and switzerland . 
  although i stopped in liechtenstein and paid them to stamp my passport :3 coming back to the u.s. : why did you go to europe ? 
  where did you go while you where there ? 
  how many people are in your group ? 
  what 's your date of birth ? 
  where do you live in the u.s. ? 
  declare everything you bought . 
  wait here for an hour . 
  are you smuggling anything ? 
  you * are * an american citizen are n't you ? 
  okay , you can go through , * but i 'm watching you * ... 
  shit it was like that a couple of months ago . 
  it 's a circlejerk , simple as that . 
  they cycle , what 's okay now becomes reversed once it reaches critical mass . 
  give it another few months and it 'll be the other way around . 
  i sort of see where you 're coming from in the answering questions regard , but to say that non europeans should n't even be allowed in the discussion is fucking stupid . 
  there 's been countless times where i 've asked my own questions , added my point of view or answered questions about the u.s. or `` american '' perspective . 
  thanks , i knew it had something to do with genetics but was n't sure exactly what . 
  thank you . 
  oh thanks , that explains everything . 
  so ... um ... can somebody please explain to me what i 'm looking at ? 
  why do you wash your clothes so hot ? 
  growing up i was always told that clothes get washed in cold water except for underwear and socks . 
  my understanding is that it 's because water is a more immediate necessity than food . 
  there 's also things like food banks and soup kitchens . 
  also , if you go to any major city there will be beggars every 20 feet . 
  in the u.s. you can always get free tap water . 
  generally you ca n't tell the difference between tap and bottled . 
  yes , i do n't know if it is everywhere in the u.s. but everywhere i 've ever been/lived water is free . 
  it 's actually law , if they sell food/drink they have to give you free water ( non bottled ) . 
  since it 's something required for survival . 
  haha yes !, 
  i have an uncle who lives in ft. meyers :p, 
  you have to pay for water ? 
  meh , the shit stuff is cheap and tastes like water . 
  essential when you 're poor . 
  i can get a 24 case of natty light for $ 10 , a case of bud light for $ 15 or a 6 pack of an ipa for $ 15 . 
  that 24 case of natty light wins every time . 
  right now , i 'll let you have it because i hate the heat . 
  if we talk again in a couple of months i may be jealous  ( chicago here ) . 
  it has to do with socioeconomic situation , which race plays a factor in . 
  i know there are some cultural differences , but here in the u.s. that 's way out of line racism and would get the shit kicked out of you . 
  keep that in mind if you ever visit . 
  i really do n't want to feed you because i know you 're a troll , but you do realize that every time we make a comment here with that little american flag next to our name we do a tiny bit of international relations .
