  you 're working three jobs and ca n't afford to feed your children or take yourself to a doctor ? 
  fuck you , work harder . 
  nobody gives a flying fuck about your problems , you 're expected to provide for yourself and your family . 
  where i 'm from you 're expected to have a job by the time you 're 16 . 
  when i was in high school i worked 30-35 hours a week at nights ( employers will do everything they can to keep you under `` full time '' 40 hours a week so they do n't have to give you any benefits ( insurance ) ) and went to school during the day . 
  that 's pretty standard where i 'm from . 
  i can remember one of the girls i worked with in high school had a pretty nasty ear infection . 
  she was probably 22 or so . 
  she had no insurance and could n't afford to see a doctor . 
  so she just bought over the counter medicine and hoped for the best . 
  about half of us thought that it was just another sign that the `` system '' was fucked up , this poor girl should get medical attention regardless of her income . 
  the other half wrote it off as `` she ca n't afford insurance ? 
  she must not work hard enough . 
  it 's a big part of our culture to not take `` hand-outs '' . 
  you work damnit . 
  the only way it 's even somewhat socially acceptable to get some financial help is if it 's given by blood family and even then it 's going to take some convincing to accept and i * will * pay you back . 
  things like medicare and social security are alright as you pay into it your entire life so it 's acceptable to take back once you reach that age . 
  i 'd say all the self-reliance stuff ties into the distrust of authority and the borderline hatred for the federal government . 
  there 's pretty big regional and state loyalties . 
  after all , our country is so damn * big * . 
  the distance from l.a. to new york is farther than lisbon , portugal to moscow . 
  think about that for a second . 
  there 's big differences in regional cultures . 
  on our t.v. 
  shows , half the time they 're subtitled . 
  when those shows with the people from the louisiana bayou or the people from boston or new jersey come up i ca n't understand a word they 're saying . 
  i 'm from the midwest , i 've never been farther west than iowa . 
  never been to california . 
  i 've never been to new york . 
  i 've never been to hawaii . 
  most everyone i know was born in my town and most of us are expected to live there until we die ( this has begun to change though ) . 
  sorry if this seems somewhat fragmented and rambling . 
  i just woke up and am running late for class . 
  someone else can probably explain and format much better than i can . 
  i 'm more than happy to elaborate and expand though . 
  ** edit ** : some confusion . 
  the reason there can be hatred for the federal government and so much nationalism at the same time is that to the average american , the government and the nation are two entirely separate entities . 
  momentum is picking up . 
  it 's nowhere near where the other major sports are though , particularly football . 
  my university has a 105,000 seat stadium that we regularly break capacity at and we 're not even the largest stadium in the country . 
  mind you , this is to watch * unpaid , amateur , students play * . 
  i think in the next 20 years soccer will end up taking a huge leap forward in terms of popularity here . 
  people are taking their kids off of football teams left and right . 
  i ca n't really say i blame them either , i played and although i do n't regret a second of it , having surgeries when you 're 17 and being told you 'll have arthritis by your 40s is no fun . 
  everyone i know who played has had at least one concussion . 
  i can remember not knowing where i was or what day of the week it was and being told to `` get my ass in there '' . 
  there 's a big backlash and the nfl and youth leagues need to address it or american football could be in big trouble in the next 20-30 years . 
  gregory xii in 1415 was the last time , that 's considered an involuntary resignation as well . 
  celestine v was the last one considered to have `` voluntarily '' resigned in 1294 . 
  only four popes have * ever * resigned , bit historic would n't you say ? 
  learning the language has little to do with culture ? 
  how are you expecting to take part in society and assimilate if you do n't speak the language ? 
  i 'm not sure what you mean about `` people born in your country are n't obliged to do this '' . 
  you can take some shots at our education system ( hell , i 'll take some with you ) but american universities * dominate * the rankings of top worldwide universities . 
  very true . 
  the tension that 's felt today is mainly racial which can be traced back to immigration . 
  i feel the immigration culture is a bit different in the states as well . 
  once you 've gotten your citizenship , you 're considered and accepted as an `` american '' after one generation you can be considered `` native '' . 
  i feel like that 's not really the case in european countries ( i could be very wrong here , i 'm making an assumption . 
  please correct me ( gently please ! ), 
  if i 'm wrong ) . 
  well shit i do n't even have hbo :( . 
  american football is the undisputed king here , baseball and basketball are second , hockey is pretty big but that could just be because i live in the north . 
  soccer is definitely gaining popularity and momentum here , i think i read somewhere that most american children play soccer when they 're younger but when they get older most move on to american football and other sports . 
  american football is facing some * huge * backlash here with parents pulling their kids from teams due to all the controversy over brain injury ( as far as i 'm aware the nfl still refuses to acknowledge the connection despite plenty of player suicides , doctor testimony and the average lifespan of an nfler being 55 ) . 
  mls is a joke but the english league is very popular and most ( younger ) people have favorite clubs and players . 
  there 's a lot of interest in the euros and world cup too ( although honestly most of us root for countries other than the u.s. , * very * unusual for americans . 
  it seems most of us latch on to whatever countries we have ethnic heritage ties to , england , germany , italy and then there 's natural quite a few people who like brazil and spain ) . 
  i think if they could set up a match in the states between major clubs people would go . 
  anyway , sorry for going off on a sidetrack there , sport and the cultural exchange between countries interests me , 
  i 'm thinking this graph is showing what percentage of people in each country speak certain languages that are * not * their native languages . 
  so 16 % of people in spain speak spanish but it 's not their native language , 10 % of people in germany speak german but not as their native tongue , etc. 
  that 's really the only way it makes sense , at least to me . 
  am i missing something ? 
  i 'm a bit curious , what kind of `` american culture '' are you getting ? 
  i 'd hate to think that the culture of my country is being interpreted as what 's on mtv . 
  do european countries and peoples not have the right to retain their own unique cultures and heritages as well ? 
  i 'd like to think i have experience with immigration , multiculturalism and assimilation being from the u.s. , hell , it 's one of the basic ideas of my country . 
  there 's no problem with immigrants being proud about where they come from and their native culture and traditions . 
  at the same time they have to actually be able to integrate into their new country . 
  that means learning the language , adopting values , learning history , etc. 
  i can say that there is without a doubt a ton of unofficial segregation here in america and with that comes a ton of tension and potential for violent flare ups . 
  well in * my * town , there 's a [ boulder ] ( http://articles.chicagotribune.com/1993-12-26/features/9312260018_1_boulder-remains-settlers ) that fell off the back of a truck in 1990 . 
  it has a plaque and everything !, 
  but seriously , it 's right next to the `` old french fort '' that used to be there a few hundred years ago . 
  it was built in 1729 to protect the french fur trade . 
  it was burnt down by the french in 1730 when they pulled out of the area to avoid retaliation by the local native american tribes for the massacre at [ starved rock ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/starved_rock_state_park ), 
  standard is about 15 % . 
  for bad service knock it down to 10 % or if you * really * want to send a message , no tip . 
  for great service bump it up to 20 % . 
  you tip waiters this way , others just get a few bucks , delivery ( food ) people , taxi drivers , bartenders , valets , etc. 
  the reason we tip so much is that legally servers are not entitled to the same minimum wage as other jobs . 
  for instance , standard minimum wage in my state of illinois is $ 8.25 / hour ( highest in the country ! ), 
  but for servers i think it 's only about $ 2-3 / hour . 
  they * need * those tips in order to live . 
  supposedly , if they do n't make enough in tips to hit `` real '' minimum wage their employer will pay them the rest . 
  i 'm a bit skeptical about that though . 
  i just realized that the waiters probably love me when i visit europe o_o just found [ this ] ( http://www.dol.gov/whd/state/tipped.htm ) on the department of labor site . 
  it seems the federal minimum wage for a `` tipped employee '' ( defined as someone who receives on average $ 30 or more a month in tips ) is $ 2.13 / hour and most states range from that to $ 4 an hour . 
  i think maternity leave is 12 weeks here .
