  a lot of people do n't . 
  it 's also entirely possible it would n't cover it all even if she did . 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  i had a 2 hour surgery to fix a torn meniscus and i got a bill for $ 20,000 . 
  just because she 's asking for $ 20 million does n't mean she 'll get it . 
  obviously not european and it 's not my country but my favorite is silent night which is german i believe . 
  the local lutheran church in my village sings it in german at christmas eve service and it 's beautiful . 
  where was she treated ? 
  if it was in the us she could very easily be looking at medical bills running into the hundreds of thousands of dollars . 
  not that it would make it `` okay '' but it would make it more understandable . 
  if you 're looking at bankruptcy it can motivate you to do things you would n't normally do . 
  not to mention that europe does n't really have any open enemies . 
  or that the us would never allow an aggressive attack on europe without intervention . 
  it is interesting stuff . 
  why do you say that christmas traditions are fairly similar across the u.s. as if it 's a bad thing ? 
  pretty cool . 
  although , i do n't understand why people are `` against '' it . 
  if there 's no penalty for not following it then why do you care ? 
  just do your own thing . 
  unless i 'm missing something . 
  really ? 
  dutch sounds more like `` retard german '' to me . 
  lots of poles too . 
  dick butkus was lithuanian  they are , sure as hell know how to party !, 
  there are * tons * of lithuanians where i live just south of chicago . 
  lithuanian newspapers , radio , television , etc. 
  some of my best friends growing up spoke lithuanian at home and would go to `` lithuanian school '' on saturdays . 
  is it okay for non-europeans to check it out ? 
  in the senate . 
  in the house the larger states have more power . 
  its intended to protect states rights which is considered very important and was one of the major points of conflict during our civil war . 
  why is that ? 
  eh i do n't know if it 's so much that as something being lost in translation and cultural differences . 
  that 's intentional . 
  there 's the house of representatives which is based on population and the senate where each state gets two . 
  goes back to the founding of the country and that was the compromise they arrived at . 
  eh you could say `` dakota '' . 
  nobody gives enough of a shit about either north or south dakota to inquire which one you mean . 
  i myself do n't believe they exist . 
  ohio has too many hills and is too boring . 
  columbus , cleveland and cincinnati are n't real cities and people from cincinnati have horrible accents . 
  better ? 
  ^ gobucks, 
  stewart talks smack about israel all the time and he actually is jewish himself . 
  not at all . 
  there is absolutely a problem and in my * opinion * it 's much easier to combat that problem by having legalized and regulated prostitution out in the open . 
  what 's your solution then ? 
  so the solution is to stick our heads in the sand and pretend it does n't exist ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  i really do n't . 
  this is not going to curb demand . 
  why should prostitution be illegal in the first place ? 
  if it 's two consenting adults they 're merely making a transaction for a service as far as i 'm concerned . 
  no different than having someone cut your hair or do your nails . 
  from an outside perspective i think the eu is a good thing . 
  obviously there are problems to work out but the eu and euro are still very much in their infancy . 
  things do n't happen overnight . 
  what i know is that the future of europe ( and the rest of the world ) looks much brighter with the eu than without it . 
  the vast , vast majority of native american deaths were caused by disease . 
  what , members of the italian parliament ca n't be arrested ? 
  where did i say states are comparable to nations ? 
  i said that to the average american , their neighboring states have a much larger role in daily life than european nations . 
  that 's what i said . 
  i in no way shape or form said that states are comparable to countries . 
  no worries , we get confused sometimes too , 
  shit we even had to be able to rattle off all 50 in alphabetical order . 
  they have no meaning in international relations but they have meaning in the daily lives of average americans . 
  do you have any idea how hard it is to get to another country from the heartland of the u.s. ? 
  for many people you 're looking at many months salary to just get one person across the atlantic . 
  if you even are allowed time off work assuming you can afford to take those days off . 
  we ca n't just hop in the car and be in another country in 2 hours . 
  for the average american neighboring states do play a much larger role in daily life than some european country they may have heard of a couple times in history class and have no exposure to their culture or media let alone no chance in hell of ever going there . 
  and the blame for not being able to lies with the horrible american public education system . 
  not with an inherent flaw in the american people . 
  the u.s. does not spend that $ 100 billion to defend europe , europe has no real enemies and even if they did they 'd be capable of handling them by themselves . 
  the u.s. spends that money and keeps those bases to protect u.s. interests in europe . 
  that 's why i had the disclaimer that i 'm from the midwest , 
  german is still taught as a foreign language where i 'm from . 
  many towns also have local oktoberfests and christmas festivals . 
  chicago has a good one . 
  i 'm from the midwest though so i may be the exception compared to the west , south and east . 
  it 's not unusual for people to still refer to their grandparents as oma and opa . 
  my grandparents spoke german and when they were children it was the language spoken at home instead of english . 
  they died in the mid 2000s though . 
  american-german culture got pretty wiped out after the two world wars . 
  there may still be some german language newspapers in chicago but i 'm not sure . 
  i know there are tons of polish and lithuanian newspapers and even television/radio stations . 
  they had a large immigrant community coming in since the 90s though . 
  ha i agree but there are people that do . 
  happy cakeday . 
  do they usually ride choppers or crotch rockets ? 
  damn , the bandidos and hells angels are both american clubs . 
  i did n't realize they had chapters in other countries . 
  serious question , are there actual 1 % er motorcycle clubs in europe ? 
  ahh yeah it does . 
  his ` english ' was supposed to be american english though and that 's what sounded forced . 
  the american accent . 
  i honestly think that was intended . 
  nobody in the u.s. says ` european ' spanish or anything . 
  it 's just spanish and portuguese .
