  i worked 30 hours a week doing shitty manual labor for minimum wage while going to school full time because it was the only work i could find and i needed the money . 
  i thought the whole point was that they * do n't * have better options . 
  unless i 'm missing something . 
  i actually like bayern munich !, 
  i can thank my german professor for that . 
  also , playing as them in fifa . 
  gomez , ribery , schweinsteiger , muller , lahm , boateng and neuer are the ones i know off the top of my head . 
  barcelona has messi and real madrid has ronaldo right ? 
  that 's my first day of summer vacation so i 'll be watching !, 
  thanks !, 
  cool !, 
  looks like he could use some work on his technique but he 's got a hell of a leg !, 
  i just looked him up and he was signed by the detroit lions a couple of weeks ago . 
  hope he makes it !, 
  i 'd say at least 99 % of players go through the college system . 
  otherwise they have no game film and teams wo n't want to take a chance on them even if they 're freakish athletes . 
  quite a few players get signed without being drafted , the problem is that they have almost no protection and can be cut without any warning and without being paid their salary . 
  players usually play until the end of their contracts ( usually 1-6 years with 2-4 being the most common ) but they can be traded to another team ( the new team is then responsible for the contract ) . 
  once a player is not under contract he can sign with whatever team he wants . 
  there is a salary cap though so teams have to make sure they stay under that ( i think right now it 's set at $ 120 million ) . 
  no youth systems . 
  that 's essentially college football . 
  the players do n't get paid during that either . 
  there is the canadian football league and the arena league , but that 's mainly for players that did n't make it in the nfl and it 's pretty rare for a player to make it to the nfl from there . 
  edit : just looked it up and the salary cap for 2013 is $ 123 million, 
  there actually is a salary cap in the nfl . 
  keeps things balanced and signing a bad player to a big deal can ruin a team for years . 
  kind of like how the sec dominates college football : / ( big ten boy here ), 
  i remember the last time the euros ( ? 
  not sure what they 're called ) happened ( when was that by the way ? ), 
  they actually were on prime time on espn ( our major sports channel ) . 
  i remember i sat there for hours watching and looking players up online . 
  it was fascinating . 
  i kind of fell in love with soccer ( the international kind anyway ) then . 
  i finally `` got it '' . 
  just how world class the players were . 
  it was great . 
  when is the next one ? 
  is n't the world cup next year ? 
  if they enter the draft they do . 
  if they do n't they 'll end up making * millions * less . 
  after their initial contract is up , they can then sign with whatever team they want so long as they 're unrestricted . 
  if they 're a restricted free agent , the original team gets first negotiating rights and can `` franchise tag '' that player for the next season . 
  ( each team gets one tag per year ) . 
  in this case the player has to play for that team for the league average salary for their position . 
  this is uncommon though . 
  i wish we could see more games here in the states . 
  i think last night i saw my first ever mls game on tv and that 's a joke . 
  the world cup and champions league actually gets a bit of a following though . 
  it 's definitely more popular here than it was even 5 years ago . 
  well all socialism really is is communal ownership of the means of production . 
  interesting side note , the green bay packers are fan owned . 
  it certainly does make for a balanced and entertaining league . 
  no problem !, 
  it 's a really big deal and * millions * of dollars and hours go into it . 
  this is the process that makes or breaks teams . 
  pfft no need , with goodell they already are n't allowed to hit each other and have to apologize after each tackle . 
  sure thing !, 
  [ here 's ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nfl_draft ) the wiki article on it in case my explanation sucks . 
  basically the nfl draft is held each year where nfl teams select players from college football . 
  in order for a prospect to be eligible , they must have completed their junior year ( 3rd year ) of university and declare their intent to enter the nfl draft . 
  there are 32 nfl teams and each team receives one draft pick per round . 
  there are 7 rounds in the nfl draft . 
  order of picks is based on the teams record from the last season with the worst teams getting the first picks and the team that won the superbowl ( championship ) getting the final pick . 
  now , teams can trade their picks with each other for other picks this year or even in future years . 
  they can even trade picks for players they currently have on their team . 
  for example , this year san diego traded their second round and fourth round picks to arizona in order to move up to the 38th overall pick so they could select manti te'o . 
  they did this because they probably thought someone else would have taken him by the time their pick came . 
  if a player is drafted by a team , he * must * sign with them or wait out a year and go through the draft process again . 
  ( note : this is only if they declare for the draft and sign the contract but if you do n't you probably wo n't get on a team ) it 's a pretty complicated process but i think i covered everything . 
  if you have any questions please ask !, 
  ** edit : ** what you 're looking for in a pick !, 
  1st round : immediate starter from day one . 
  2nd-4th round : guys that will eventually be starters after a year or two . 
  5th-6th round : these are guys that are iffy . 
  most will fail so this is where you take chances on high risk high reward guys . 
  7th round : total wild cards . 
  most of these guys will end up being cut before this season even starts so this is where you take big chances . 
  then he 's just an idiot . 
  you still capitalize proper nouns in english . 
  do n't fuck up their circlejerk man . 
  i really enjoy this sub , but i 've learned that it 's very hit or miss when it comes to correcting misconceptions about the u.s. or even * talking * about the u.s. 
  some days you 'll be greeted with curiosity and open arms . 
  others you 're chased off with downvotes . 
  i was indeed being sarcastic . 
  with the whole americans mistaking the czech republic for chechnya thing . 
  shut up russia . 
   they are beneath consideration . 
  that 's what 's fucked up . 
  you 're a narcissistic fuck you know that ? 
  i 'm sure the police were wonderful so long as you were compliant and willing to trade your rights for feeling a bit safe . 
  you 're fucked up in the head . 
  take it from me , your way is better . 
  :'( no offense , but i would kill to pay what you pay . 
  yeah , i 'm at university now . 
  not working unfortunately . 
  $ 35,000 a year and i 'm going to be so fucked by the time i graduate . 
  who the hell has that kind of money ? 
  i 'm going to a frickin state school too . 
  i do n't want to work manual labor for the rest of my life though .
