  no but if you 're poor in the us ( and more and more people are ) you 're not doing great . 
  public education is generally shit , public transport is shit ( or nonexistent ) , public healthcare is shit ( or nonexistent ) , minimum wages are shit . 
  no , life for the average american is not so bad . 
  but the argument can definitely be made that if you 're a young american now you will most likely not have the same opportunities your forefathers had and that 's what people are concerned about . 
  we are also a country of 300 million . 
  percentage wise there may not be that many people who are doing bad but that 's still millions of people . 
  so your grand plan is to chill with your buff friend ( us ) until you can hit the gym and beef up so you can tell him to fuck off ? 
  if that 's the case why should n't the us leave nato right now ? 
  that 's not what i 'm claiming at all . 
  my claims are that the eu has no integrated armed forces ( which is true ) , that the logistical capacities of the eu to wage war are not up to modern standards and that the eu would be incapable at present of engaging in and maintaining a conflict of any serious length or scope without us help or a serious military overhaul ( which ca n't be done overnight ) . 
  like i said before , an integrated and capable eu military is in the best interests of both the united states and europe . 
  europe is perfectly capable of doing so . 
  * however * , they are not there yet and such change does not happen overnight and waiting until it becomes a vital necessity will do nothing but cost european lives . 
  europe does not have any known open adversaries right now . 
  on the international stage things can change very quickly . 
  especially if some of the scenarios that have been named in this thread come to pass . 
  mainly the decline of us military capacity or will and the dissolution of nato among other things . 
  so you 're suggesting that the us is the only thing holding back the eu militarily ? 
  right ... 
  i never said the eu is incapable . 
  i said that currently europe does not have integrated armed forces . 
  potential is great and all but in the end it comes down to what you * have * done . 
  and producing a fighter , even one as cool as the eurofighter , is by no means an indicator of war waging ability . 
  the fact is that europe has a long way to go and pretending the world is sunshine and rainbows is not a good way to get there . 
  the current ability of europe at large to undertake a military campaign of any significant length or scope is at best questionable . 
  an integrated and capable european armed forces is very much in the interests of both the eu and the us . 
  however , that does n't mean you can just get there overnight . 
  `` peace for our time '' ring a bell ? 
  i 'm not trying to make comparisons between the world wars and any modern conflict , merely pointing out that blind optimism and naivety have generally sprung up during peace and those hopes consistently get crushed . 
  quite frankly i agree . 
  europe is dead weight and we 've been trying to shift our focus to asia for years . 
  let them handle their defense , they certainly seem eager and more than ready in their eyes . 
  the us gains little from nato . 
  we can tackle any problems on our own ( and already do anyway ) and i guarantee if anything goes wrong we 'll be the first person anyone turns to anyway . 
  we 're damned if we do and damned if we do n't . 
  our policy in the last two world wars of sitting out the bad stuff and rolling up at a good time have served us well . 
  american isolationism is on the rise i feel . 
  and yet europe has no such force yet . 
  europe is capable militarily but its military shortcomings and weaknesses have been hidden by the blanket of us protection for decades . 
  that very well may change as you may have noticed there are more americans calling for the us to leave nato than europeans . 
  you might get your wish though i think it may turn out different than you expect . 
  can you see the future ? 
  you have no idea what will happen in the next year let alone the coming decades . 
  europe throwing away nato would be incredibly shortsighted . 
  not to mention that training is great but having troops who have fought before is a big advantage . 
  combat experience can be a deciding factor . 
  nobody ever thinks there will be war and even when it happens every soldier thinks they 'll be home by christmas . 
  they said war was impossible in 1914 and again in 1939 . 
  one reason was that world economies and politics were too intertwined for war ... a reason often given today for why a modern conventional war is impossible . 
  all i know is that naivety is a great way of getting yourself killed . 
  crack open any history textbook and you 'll find plenty of people who thought they could n't be attacked . 
  the iraqi tanks did n't even have night vision and their effective range was 500m shorter than the abrams . 
  only 23 of our tanks were damaged or destroyed during the war and of the 9 destroyed 7 were from friendly fire and 2 were intentionally destroyed to avoid capture . 
  the iraqis were totally outgunned . 
  nato involves more than just europeans though . 
  i do n't think the guy should be downvoted for giving a ( in my experience ) spot on statement . 
  this may be / r/europe but nato encompasses more than just europeans . 
  which is the exact same thing people were telling people who warned about russia trying to swallow up ukraine . 
  people here were saying it could never happen right up until it did . 
  they said the same in 1914 and again in 1939 . 
  and even when a war does break out you 're going to kick their ass and be home by christmas ... that 's not to imply that germany or anybody else is going to invade anyone but thinking you and your country ca n't be touched is both stupid and naive and any history textbook will have countless examples of overconfidence and arrogance causing the deaths of millions . 
  not to mention that the level of logistics involved in a full blown defensive war are certainly enormous in the first place . 
  people are acting like you can just shove a rifle in every man over 16 's hands and tell them to defend the country . 
  it does n't work like that . 
  well it can be but history will show you what that leads to . 
  fact of the matter is allowing yourself to become militarily dependent on others for your defense ( which it 's still debatable if that 's the case with europe ) is just asking for someone to catch you with your pants down . 
  who do you think we learned imperialism from in the first place ? 
  old european family tradition . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_election,_1933 he actually got 43 % of the votes in '33 but 33 % in ' 29 . 
  still , my point is that it does n't take someone winning a legitimate election to take over a country . 
  that 's also ignoring what i said about countries changing their behavior in a world of diminished us influence . 
  hitler only ever got 33 % of the vote . 
  the fact of the matter is while the us is the world superpower the rest of the world acts a certain way . 
  come a day when that changes countries that act one way now will act differently in the power vacuum that leaves . 
  i agree , definitely a topic that was looking for controversy . 
  not denying that , merely pointing out that saying all communists are stalinists is wrong . 
  i understand that . 
  i just took a bit of issue with the original comment claiming that the uk decided not to `` follow the us into war '' when the us never intervened in syria in the first place . 
  i also took issue with the idea that the only reason americans did not want to become involved was because the uk did not want to do so . 
  i know that most likely was not your intention and apologize if there 's been a misunderstanding . 
  there 's a lot of important figures in communism other than stalin . 
  along with schools of communist thought other than stalinsim . 
  [ and more americans opposed intervention in syria than iraq , afghanistan , the persian gulf or the balkans ] ( http://www.gallup.com/poll/164282/support-syria-action-lower-past-conflicts.aspx ) . 
  i 'm not denying that the lack of international support for intervention influenced our views but to pretend that the average american citizen was all gung ho to charge into syria is incredibly dishonest . 
  i am well aware that he has 90 days . 
  that did n't happen though . 
  that also does n't change the fact that start to finish american public support was overwhelming negative in regards to getting involved which was my original point . 
  uk or no , the average american wanted nothing to do with it . 
  as far as i 'm aware no bill authorizing military force in syria ever passed in our congress . 
  to be fair the us public was overwhelming against getting involved in syria . 
  only thing we 've been able to agree on for the past 6 years . 
  i do n't know enough about that to comment . 
  but i vividly remember kerry trying to urge is into getting involved in syria . 
  now he 's sitting here trying to pretend that never happened . 
  `` people are angry because we did not strike syria at one instance but guess what : today , 92 percent of all the chemical weapons in syria are out and being destroyed and the other eight percent will get out , '' a visibly angry kerry said i sat and watched that cunt on live television in front of congress tell the american people that we needed to militarily intervene in syria . 
  what a hypocritical fuck . 
  i ca n't say i know the numbers of europeans who are doing anything in nigeria at the moment so if somebody could enlighten me i would appreciate it . 
  man replace a few words and i 'd have no problem believing some hillbilly preacher here said the same thing . 
  just goes to show we 're not all really that different and every country has its religious wackos . 
  if you read my further comments you see i said the vast majority of american want absolutely no involvement in ukraine .
