  our reputation around the world is n't exactly sterling , we have an opportunity to slowly change that . 
  i and 1,000 other americans can come here and have rational and positive interaction with our european brethren and yet all it takes to wipe all of that goodwill out is one asshole such as yourself . 
  i do n't expect you to care , yet i think you should realize that your actions have consequences outside of the computer screen . 
  not really comparable at all . 
  detroit is dirt cheap , you can buy foreclosed homes for $ 1 . 
  the reason detroit is fucked is that the auto manufacturers began moving out a couple decades ago and the industry that stayed is nowhere near where it was 30 + years ago . 
  detroit also got hit insanely hard by the 2008 meltdown . 
  not to mention the gang , drug and violence problem . 
  the homicide rate is 58/100 ,000 ( colombia is 32/100 ,000 , u.s. is 4.8 / 100,000 , germany is 0.8 / 100,000 ) for reference , if detroit were a country they 'd have the third highest homicide rate in the world . 
  the schools there are shit , the infrastructure is shit , everyone is killing everyone , drugs and broken families are rampant , everyone is dirt poor and there are n't any jobs . 
  * that 's * why detroit is a ghost town , not because it 's hard to find cheap rent . 
  i 'm never going to see some of my best friends ever again because they were killed in iraq or afghanistan . 
  i 'm totally against any american intervention in syria whatsoever . 
  being totally honest , i do n't give a fuck what evidence they have . 
  let someone else do it . 
  let someone else have their friends die . 
  i think the main problem with bombing is that kerry keeps talking about this `` concrete evidence '' that assad was the one who used chemical weapons yet i ca n't find that evidence anywhere . 
  cnn does n't show it and google searches have n't brought anything up . 
  so , to me anyway , there 's no undeniable evidence that assad used chemical weapons . 
  secondly , i do n't want to do anything without international support . 
  if assad did use chemical weapons it should be up to the * international * community to enforce the ban . 
  * not * just us and france ( which last i heard is having trouble convincing their people to use force ) . 
  lastly , i 'm fucking sick of war . 
  your mom did n't think it was so little . 
  i did n't go to my linguistics class today and then you guys go and pull this shit on me ... 
  lol that 's not fair . 
  is most tobacco in europe imported ? 
  comcast . 
  why are people flying american flags in austria ? 
  i was taught rese nese mr man, 
  well . 
  i feel pride in the many good things humanity as a whole has achieved . 
  that being said , it 's much easier to find a more personal connection to achievements you 're more directly related to ( national achievements ) although admittedly the connection is still remote . 
  although , to me that can be separated from nationalism . 
  just my two cents . 
  you 're not alone . 
  i think there are many of us , we 're all just afraid to speak out . 
  you * do * know we 're allowed to disagree with our government right ? 
  no offense taken at all . 
  hell , i agree with you . 
  learn how to spell and use proper grammar before you enter the discussion ... 
  i never denied they 've been used , however we do n't have all the facts yet . 
  regardless , * why * is it up to the us to intervene ? 
  the un and europe can take care of it for all i care . 
  enough american money and blood has been wasted and for what ? 
  someone else can handle this one . 
  there * were * protests . 
  it is * much * different . 
  most people were okay going into iraq and afghanistan . 
  that was ten years of war ago . 
  libya happened very quickly and has n't gotten 1/10th of the attention that syria has . 
  i think the overall idea of the un is good , but there are too many national interests tied up there . 
  i do n't really know a good solution either . 
  it 's possible . 
  polls are weird . 
  there is no way we commit ground troops . 
  if we did there would be riots nationwide . 
  we 're very war weary . 
  on cnn this morning they were showing polls that showed only 1/3 of americans support direct military intervention in syria . 
  if we do anything it will most likely be drone strikes , cruise missiles or imposing a no-fly-zone . 
  now , if it were up to me , we would n't do shit militarily unless the un and our allies are on board which is questionable right now . 
  we should be offering humanitarian aid but nothing else . 
  i 'd also let somebody else `` lead the charge '' if the international community * does * decide to do something . 
  we 've been playing world police for far too long . 
  let the un do its job . 
  hmm . 
  the way it 's always been where i live is if you 're a guest , you eat everything that you take or are given . 
  i 'd say it 's not the case with family or close friends though unless it 's a child . 
  well , there are differences in race and race relations . 
  there are differences and as americans it 's unfair to apply our labels to european matters ( and vice-versa ) . 
  i 'm a little confused , do you mean middle america as in the continent or the middle of the u.s. ? 
  because i 'm a midwesterner and it 's considered rude to not clear your plate . 
  i still do n't want a part of it . 
  the u.s. military did not even come close to using their full potential during that war . 
  3.5 million active duty troops during the height of vietnam yet only 580,000 in vietnam at any given time . 
  not to mention the tens of millions of other available for conscription . 
  i 'm done arguing with you . 
  there is absolutely no competition to the u.s. military . 
  that 's fact . 
  it 's not relevant to this thread at all . 
  let it go . 
  outside of the pissed off people living in the warzones . 
  there is not a single country on the planet that could challenge the u.s. in a traditional war other than perhaps china or russia and american victory would be incredibly likely in either case . 
  this is fact . 
  i 'm not saying it 's not necessarily a good thing , but to suggest that the u.s. is not in fact militarily the most powerful military force in the history of man is absurd . 
  nice touch with the jesus thing , you are aware the deep south and bible belt do not make up the majority of the country right ? 
  the u.s. is the most powerful military power in the history of mankind by far . 
  it 's not even close . 
  it does n't matter because this is all hypothetical and there is no way in hell war is even remotely possible between any european nation and the u.s. 
  fixed . 
  fuck that shit . 
  we 've been at war for over a decade . 
  i 'm 20 , the last time we were at peace i was fucking ten , 8 if you count 9/11 on . 
  if we do n't act we will be hated . 
  if we * do * act we 'll be hated . 
  fuck all of that shit . 
  if we 're going to lose either way i say we keep our money and stop sending my generation to die in a fucking desert . 
  economically or militarily ? 
  because i think either way that 's not a good road for them to go down . 
  we could change that .
