  it 's physically impossible for human beings to kill each other without the use of firearms . 
  human history was practically garden of eden , hippie drum circle type shit until the 15th century . 
  europeans love to tell us all about our rights . 
  they ca n't understand that some people are okay with paying a societal price in exchange for personal freedom and liberty . 
  you do realize that people were killing people just fine for the 99 % of human history that predates firearms right ? 
   population 790 i think `` town '' is a bit generous . 
  plus then you have to go to wisconsin ... 
  switzerland is beautiful and when i visited all the people were super friendly . 
  i had one old man who ran a restaurant practically cry with happiness that we were trying to order in german . 
  he even sat with us for a bit and tried teaching us some swiss german . 
  but holy fuck was your stuff expensive . 
  i hope i can visit again someday . 
  why should we ? 
  i can think of plenty of places right here in the us that are in desperate need . 
  african refugees are n't flooding into our country . 
  this is not our problem in the slightest . 
  every male over 18 has to register . 
  you can be denied federal aid for education or even technically be imprisoned for failing to register . 
  you 're also technically supposed to keep them updated with your current address but nobody does . 
  most people do n't think about it and since it has n't been used since nam it 's not a huge deal . 
  i think most people have an attitude that if it 's truly a just and necessary war they wo n't have to draft me . 
  if not ? 
  helloooo canada ( like many did during nam to avoid jail ) . 
  that 's fine . 
  just do n't think you know all about americans and american culture when all you 've seen are tourist traps and television . 
  no offense , but not wanting to visit an entire state simply because of what color it goes in the electoral college is beyond retarded . 
  reddit may have you believe otherwise but even people who vote republican will be friendly . 
  pretty sure it would be unconstitutional to deny it for religious services . 
  afaik dry counties still allow alcohol for religious and medicinal purposes . 
  yes . 
  you just have to make a trip to the next non dry county . 
  oh we know a thing or two about proxy wars ... 
  for some reason everything has to be a cia or us coup or plot . 
  it takes responsibility away from themselves . 
  nah , it 's practically like we went over a did a couple armenians ourselves back in the day the way this thread is going about . 
  because all that shit costs money they do n't have maybe ? 
  jesus , why does n't * everyone * over the age of 60 just retire to their beach house in florida ? 
  just go get your `` comfortable retirement '' bootstraps right next to the `` job with a livable wage '' ones . 
  my grandparents worked until they died because they had to . 
  my parents probably will as well . 
  that 's the way it is for a lot of people . 
   someone greeting me when go the the supermarket lmao they 're there to watch for you walking out with shit stuffed in your pants . 
  they do n't give a shit how your day has been . 
  then go ahead and do it . 
  be chinese bitches instead of american ones . 
  those bases are there for those reasons . 
  how many times have we let a european country fall to foreign invaders ? 
  that 's not the only reason they 're there . 
  would we have to leave those bases ? 
  what 's going to make us ? 
  a strongly worded letter ? 
  you 're making an assumption that nato without the us means no us bases in europe . 
  that 's not guaranteed . 
   yes that may be true but we try to be more civilized than that . 
  it would be easy for the military of any country to make a push and take control but yet democracy is still standing we try , but unfortunately the world does n't always work that way . 
  if people had accepted that reality 30 years ago and continued to meet their nato requirements maybe europe would n't be in the position where it relies on us protection and all the disadvantages that brings . 
  but that was their choice , despite what so many seem to think the us federal government has no control over what european militaries spend and has in fact been begging them to increase spending for years . 
  just for us to be told to fuck off and stop being imperialist warmongers . 
  then do it . 
  this argument that europe needs the us to scale back its military in order for * them * to take * their own * defense seriously enough to be considered equal partners is just bullshit . 
  we are * not * equal partners . 
  the us brings far more to the table militarily than all of our allies combined . 
  that 's as much because of our allies underspending and shirking their responsibilities as american overspending . 
  europe as a whole has been perfectly fine with being unequal partners under american military umbrella protection for decades . 
  funny how nobody was talking about `` unequal partnerships '' when it 's us tanks facing the berlin wall or us paratroopers in eastern europe . 
  you do n't get to not pay your bills for years and then start screeching about equal partnership when your roommate is tired of picking up your slack . 
  you do n't get to accuse him of being the reason you have n't worked for 30 years because he makes a six figure salary . 
  because isolationism is popular , especially the past few years . 
  no nato does n't necessarily mean we do n't work with anyone in or out of europe though . 
  us protection of europe and us bases in europe are for all intents and purposes separate issues . 
  would we ? 
  the same way we 're not allowed to spy on our allies or start illegal wars ? 
  you play by different rules when you have a bigger stick than the other guy . 
  right or wrong , that 's the way things are and always have been . 
  oh i understand that , but i also do n't think it 's unreasonable to have people that try to break up the echo chamber . 
  my views are n't always popular around here , i know that , does n't mean i 'm just trying to be a dick or troll . 
  sometimes i just think things need to be said even if those opinions are unpopular . 
  you make some very good point . 
  firstly , i want to say i 'm not accusing anyone of anything . 
  i call it a circlejerk because oftentimes people act like it 's something that can be thrown together on a whim and be done by tomorrow . 
  by all means discuss away . 
  there 's plenty of quality discussion that does happen . 
  that does n't mean there is n't a lot of circlejerking . 
  every single sub on reddit has its circlejerks . 
  i also do n't see it as a debate . 
  i 'm curious as to what you think my `` position '' is . 
  that the eu is * incapable * of forming its own military force ? 
  i have never suggested that . 
  so without the us being within nato it would be physically impossible for us military bases to remain within europe ? 
  that 's what you 're saying ? 
  is the eu as a whole going to force american military interests out of the continent ? 
  every single member state would be okay with that ? 
  eastern europe is okay with all american troops leaving their protection to their western european `` brothers '' ? 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  in my opinion it is nothing but semantics . 
  do we literally represent the embodiment of our countries on these forums ? 
  does it play a role in the context of these discussions ? 
  yes . 
  it just seems a bit `` convenient '' that whenever this topic comes up a whole bunch of people come out of the woodwork to start talking about how a ) the military spending of european countries does n't or should n't impact their standing within nato or even their military capabilities b ) that the eu needs its own armed forces c ) that americans complaining about the fact that the vast majority of nato members not spending their 2 % are n't allowed to be upset because `` we do n't literally embody our nations '' and `` 2 % is just a guideline '' . 
  it just seems like a lot of times people do n't want to have actual discussion , they just want to circlejerk about a eu military and ignore facts and realities by hiding behind semantics .
