  i really do n't want to live on the streets . 
  $ 8 a ticket . 
  $ 5 a drink . 
  $ 8 for popcorn . 
  it 's not cheap here either . 
  perhaps we have more disposable income ? 
  i 'll take healthcare , housing and education any day . 
  want to trade :p ? 
  edit : i was n't trying to imply movie costs in the u.s. are just as expensive in europe . 
  i was just trying to point out that americans are generally holding back a bit on the traditional idea of a date because it is more expensive ( from our perspective ) than we 're used to . 
  i was also trying to point out that while entertainment and material goods are generally cheaper in the u.s. we also have limited social safety nets when compared to most of europe . 
  i will admit i did n't realize just * how * much more expensive movie tickets in europe are . 
  thank you for correcting me , you learn something every day . 
  last i checked christianity originated in the middle east as well ... 
  i hope not . 
  i 've been working for years to erase the stereotypes about my countrymen . 
  although admittedly i 've come close to `` fuck it i 'm just staying in europe '' . 
  last i checked politics were a main staple of comedy . 
  i 'm sorry that you believe comedy should stick to poop jokes and hitting each other in the testicles . 
  i respectfully disagree . 
  i 'll have to check it out , thanks , 
  thank you for having us , 
  personally , at the high school i went to we * did * have a armed sheriff that worked at the school full time . 
  mind you , i went to a wealthy school in a solidly upper middle class town . 
  we could afford to do so . 
  i ca n't see chicago public schools which ca n't afford textbooks being able to pay a full time police officer . 
  he was a very nice guy and mainly just wandered the halls or sat in his office . 
  he would walk along with the k9 guy when they swept the lockers for drugs once a month . 
  it did make me feel a bit reassured but who knows how effective it would have been . 
  i feel this is all just a bit of hysteria . 
  we ca n't afford books or to pay to teachers . 
  now they want more ? 
  these are the same people shrieking about the national debt . 
  we need to solve the real problems , not the symptoms resulting because of the problem . 
  no , that would be msnbc . 
  it 's a * comedy * show that airs on a tv station named * comedy * central . 
  if people ca n't tell the difference between a comedy show and a news show they are idiots and it 's just further evidence of the failures of our educational system . 
  how is that their fault ? 
  they 've both said repeatedly that they are * comedians * . 
  just because there are plenty of people too stupid to make the connection does n't mean they are responsible . 
  what , do you want a disclaimer before each episode ? 
  it airs on * comedy * central for gods sake . 
  have you ever hung out in chicago ? 
  we have a * huge * ethnic polish population here . 
  tons of restaurants and shops . 
  even newspapers and tv stations in polish . 
  i agree that it should n't be viewed as news . 
  it does do a great job of calling attention to issues which you can then research further yourself . 
  i did misunderstand . 
  i do n't know . 
  i felt left out :( also , i like communicating with actual europeans more than the drivel we get on our `` news '' . 
  i figured they might be interested in perspectives from actual americans as well . 
  kind of throw out the idea that we 're not * all * like the stereotypes you know ? 
  i too have that problem . 
  i also am a student at ohio state so i understandably feel a bit cheated by our ban during a 12-0 season . 
  i know , it 's fantastic !, 
  just sign right here : x _____________ , 
  slightly off topic but what does your average pack of cigarettes cost in your respective countries ? 
  it varies wildly in the u.s. every state , county and city has different taxes that they add on . 
  where i live it 's ~ $ 6 . 
  drive just 20 minutes north into the city of chicago and it 's ~ $ 8-10 . 
  i hear in nyc it 's even more . 
  places like virginia where the tobacco is grown it 's only about $ 3-4 . 
  great answer !, 
  thank you . 
  i guess i do n't really know how to feel about it . 
  it just seems strange to think of a scotland outside of the u.k. does n't it ? 
  i guess it would be normal after a few years though . 
  do you think that in the case of independence there would still be free travel and trade between scotland and england ? 
  i 've never heard of it : / is it local to texas ? 
  i know we have goose island up here in chicago but i 've heard mixed things about it . 
  it 's pretty expensive though :( you also wo n't find it at a bar or your average liquor store . 
  i 'd probably have to make the drive up to chicago :(, 
  i 'm not sure i get to play this game , but what the hell . 
  i 'll go with canada . 
  we cut the u.s. in half . 
  the south can be their own damn country and the north/east/west will form a new nation with canada . 
  perhaps canadica ? 
  i 'll trade you the bible belt for ronaldo . 
  not really the `` east coast '' but that 's just semantics . 
  not in hockey , 
  because it 's almost impossible to get good news about europe here in the states . 
  we 're interested in europe . 
  i do n't understand how you can argue that more americans being interested in the world outside our borders is a bad thing . 
  we 've had our heads up our asses for far too long . 
  i agree . 
  unfortunately , i 'd say i 'm in the minority over here :(, 
  as you may knew the `` news '' media here in the states is absolute shit so we do n't get much news from across the globe and when we do it is * always * about how it affects american interests in those areas . 
  what 's your opinion on independence ( i 'm assuming you 're a scot ) ? 
  what is the opinion of the general public in scotland ? 
  what sort of independence are we talking about here ? 
  what are some major pros and cons ? 
  how would this affect scotland 's place in the u.k. / their relationship with england as well as their place in the e.u. 
  thank you !, 
  my family came from scotland to the new world in the 1700 's so scotland is close to my heart . 
  cheers , friend , 
  gun control among the `` commoners '' . 
  the `` fiscal cliff '' in washington . 
  what did you have ? 
  that 's the truth .
