  which are delicious . 
  if you listen closely you can hear the sounds of europe not giving a fuck much like they have n't for the past decades . 
  we 've been talking to a brick wall that occasionally grants us a sneer or upturned nose and that 's how it 's been for years . 
  that 's how it will be for the foreseeable future . 
  keep asking yourself who and what our military protects . 
  is it the safety of the american people or fatcats on wall street and bureaucrats in brussels . 
  keep this in mind next time you go to the polls and let our politicians know who they 're supposed to be serving . 
  lol where have you been ? 
  bunch of warmongering american imperialists that just want to go home all over reddit . 
  `` do nothing and blame it on the americans '' as always . 
  we 're warmongering imperialists that simultaneously force our allies to buy into our military industrial complex while forcing them to have hardly any military power and thus rely on us for protection . 
  rome ai n't got shit on us and our superpowers . 
  never said we were , great we 'll take those and the ones everywhere else too and then you can send german troops . 
  or not . 
  do n't really care , but your fellow eu members may . 
  that 's exactly my point , the eu is a political mess and we should stay away . 
  merkel and hollande have made it clear they have differing views on how to handle things than the united states . 
  they want to go a different direction , it is * their * backyard after all . 
  it would be rude not to allow them to lead . 
  lol look at you thinking cold hard facts matter around here . 
  it hurts their little federalist fantasy feelings . 
  we get all the negatives and no positives . 
  the american people 's blood and cash foots the bill , eu and the wall street fat cats profit . 
  yeah they were waving american flags on the barricades of the maidan alright . 
  bunch of warmongering imperialists that want to get out . 
  what part of `` i want absolutely nothing to fucking do with this do n't you understand '' ? 
  i really do n't care about the opinions of europeans to be honest . 
  this is for fellow americans , yes this is personal because going to war tends to impact peoples lives . 
   the only time the game will change is when it is no longer worthwhile/profitable for america to continue taking an interventionist role . 
   fanwankery like allowing russians to march across europe is n't going to happen , especially because the us is not stupid enough to force a nuclear war endgame on russia . 
  containment is the sensible policy , not ww1 style theatrics . 
  like it or not , american hardware and troops is what stops russia taking half of europe . 
  the us does n't want russia taking half of europe , therefore your troops and weapons will continue going to eastern europe . 
  we are in complete agreement and i have never once claimed this wo n't ultimately be exactly what would happen . 
  i 'm perfectly aware of the geopolitical ramifications and the implications it will have for the lives of the american people should a real war break out . 
  i 'm also correct in that there would be boatloads of americans coming home dead . 
  eu negligence would be just to blame as russian aggression . 
  this conflict with russia is n't even the point . 
  of course we will contain them . 
  the point is eu bureaucrats for years shirked responsibility and have allowed themselves to become so weak they 're forced to rely on us and we 're forced to provide the majority of any serious defense . 
  this has unacceptable long term ramifications on our national sovereignty if we ca n't not be dragged into conflicts because our allies are nothing but hens in the coop relying on us to keep the fox out . 
  this is about the long term course my country should take . 
  one away from the eu . 
  the problem is the eu is not a single country we agree . 
  yet it insists on being treated like one when it comes to the negotiation table . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  you ca n't always have your cake and eat it too . 
  we can remain close without maintaining as close of military ties as we currently do . 
  us distancing ourselves from the eu does n't necessarily mean we could n't try to entice others to follow us ( uk ) and it does n't mean we limit ourselves to `` going it alone '' . 
  we do share many values but ultimately the eu has acted extremely irresponsibly in terms of its own self-protection and self-reliance . 
  many people blame eu dependance on american military backing as a major reason the eu has to often follow the us . 
  that 's not because the us has forced eu members or other nato members to limit themselves . 
  they have nobody to blame but themselves for their shortsighted moneygrubbing . 
  conflict was inevitable then and it 's possible we may reach a point where conflict is inevitable now . 
  you can fight wars in more ways than charging blindly in . 
  let 's not pussyfoot around it , you 're pro american because you ca n't afford to rely on the eu alone . 
  the eu lovers around here sure love talking about it like a single entity . 
  some of the top posts all time in here are circlejereks about `` if the eu were one country '' . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's not a true federation . 
  it is not `` the united states of europe '' . 
  how much it aspires to be is irrelevant . 
  what i see are a lot of people that want us to protect them today so they can be a major competitor to us down the road . 
  not only that but they pushed us to the point where we had to make a decision and i firmly believe the us needs to strongly start thinking about how to move away from the eu . 
  we 've been telling them for years to take this kind of stuff seriously and for years we got blown the fuck off and sneered at . 
  funny how all of a sudden it became really important , everyone knows though this kind of stuff just practically throws itself together when necessary in times of crisis . 
  i and many others are fed up . 
  i think we 're blindly following them into a conflict that mainly pits russia and the us against each other . 
  that is not in our interest . 
  if the eu wants to pick fights with russia we can support our nato commitments without `` leading from the front '' so to say . 
  go ahead and do it then but that does n't mean i 'm not allowed to disagree with your opinions or not want you there in an american uniform . 
  i clearly said we should give what we got and nothing more or less . 
  that does n't mean we should stand in front of the eu or lead anything . 
  yeah tuck tail and run right past the idiots who had their head in the sand for decades . 
  isolationism has served us quite well in troubled times of the past . 
  then you have nothing to worry about without us . 
  this does n't mean it 's in our geopolitical best interests to follow the eu blindly . 
  nato is not a requirement for the continuation of american global military hegemony . 
  and they are the ones that should be leading the fight . 
  there are laws about fighting for foreign military forces and us citizenship i believe , i do n't think you can just go off willy nilly volunteering for foreign military service but i could be wrong if it 's an allied country . 
  ah the good ` ol you 're just on the internet . 
  you got me !, 
  not like we have an election coming up and foreign policy may play a role in it or anything . 
  not like the majority of americans , who are n't on reddit , probably are n't thrilled with prospects of get entangled with russia and yet another conflict in europe . 
  but think whatever you want if it helps you sleep at night . 
  you 're not voting here in 2016 , i do n't really care what you think all that much to be honest . 
  interesting opinions , i 'll make sure to let them know so they can start paying our bills . 
  show me where i said the us is involved out of goodwill . 
  go ahead and quote me , you ca n't because it is n't there . 
  if the russians attack alaska , the other 49 states are n't going to wait around for a bunch of of europeans to show up to go kick the shit out of them . 
  you would n't be fighting for europe , you 'd be fighting for the eu . 
  if they were a true federation that could cause you to lose us citizenship i believe . 
  of course not , to boil it down to that alone would be a gross oversimplification . 
  but that is one of the roots . 
  does n't mean going down the road the eu is dragging us down is in our interests . 
  do nothing and blame it on the americans as always except now they 're trying to do it while wheeling us in front of the bear they pissed off . 
  it 's unfortunate then that their nations belong to the eu and not the united states of america . 
  they are in a shit situation . 
  but before they get pissed at americans maybe they should take a step back and see which parties are truly responsible for them being in that situation . 
  before they ask `` where 's america '' maybe they should ask where the people are that they share a fucking currency and union with that had so much foresight to push that ukrainian trade deal and so much foresight to completely brush off the military threat of russia .
