  exactly . 
  and i 'd say that in chicago if you stick to the main areas of the city and the touristy places you 're as safe there as anyway else . 
  you 'd really only be in trouble if you wandered into the wrong neighborhood after dark . 
  i 've never been to nyc but i 'd assume it 's the same thing there . 
  well it 's not like you 're going to be walked up to and shot . 
  i have guns in my house and i know how to use them . 
  so if someone wants to break in and harm me or my family they are welcome to try . 
  that being said i * do * support stronger gun control here , things are out of hand and the nra needs to stop existing . 
  i 'd be lying to you if said i 've never felt unsafe . 
  but that 's usually in bad areas ( trust me , you 'll know which ones are bad ) . 
  nothing to do other than roll up your windows , lock the doors and get the hell out of there . 
  it 's really not that bad here . 
  come visit and we 'll grab a pint . 
  which are hardly consumed here . 
  i ca n't think of anyone i know drinking microbrews on anything other than occasion . 
  i would n't even know where to find it if i had the money for it . 
  if you go to buy beer here in the u.s. you 'll find budweiser , miller , coors , busch , pbr or something similar . 
  you can usually get some other stuff at a bar but be prepared to pay for it . 
  in my experience when i was in germany ( just a 2 week stint mind you ) i had no idea what to ask for so i just asked for whatever other people were drinking or something local . 
  i was blown away by it . 
  if you did that here in the states the standard fare is your bud/miller lites . 
  a lot of those are older ones . 
  i 've heard them pop up from time to time though . 
  polack comes up a lot but that 's probably because i live near chicago which has a huge ethnic polish population . 
  i 've heard `` mounties '' quite a few times . 
  but that might be because i 'm not that far from the canadian border . 
  generally it comes up while complaining about how `` those damn mounties are kicking our ass '' at hockey games . 
  hmm . 
  this sounds like a cool idea . 
  i 'm from just south of chicago , so shoot . 
  they 're probably all sleeping right now though , 
  i agree . 
  although there should be a line drawn . 
  freedom of speech does not equal the incitement of violence . 
  is it a real problem though ? 
  i was under the impression they only gained about 1.5 % of the vote last time . 
  good point . 
  but to be fair that was 20 years ago . 
  the man had 3 wives . 
  cheated on one who had * cancer * with his future ex-wife . 
  almost became the republican candidate for president . 
  i think it 'd be arguable that the u.s. produces more pornography than the rest of the world combined . 
  there are some issues with our sex offender registry . 
  although i 've never heard of two consenting individuals being put on the list because they were both underage at the time . 
  it 's not illegal for two underage people to have sex together . 
  what * is * illegal is for someone of age to have sex with someone who is under the age of consent . 
  i think you 're confusing the whole of the u.s. with the bible belt . 
  i do n't know . 
  is the entirety of the u.s. 100 years behind europe culturally ? 
  of course not . 
  are there parts of the u.s. 
  i 'm ashamed belong to the same nation as me ? 
  absolutely . 
  are there parts of the u.s. that are probably more culturally advanced than some european areas ? 
  probably . 
  although `` culture '' is open to interpretation . 
  well damn i wish i had known about this ... 
  in all honesty though the depiction of college parties is n't far off based off some of the stuff i 've seen . 
  that 's a bit of a shock from a u.s. perspective . 
  we have police officers protecting ku klux klan and neo-nazi rallies . 
  not that i would n't love to shut them up . 
  but they are entitled to their opinions ( i 'm 99.9 % sure there are exceptions for inciting violence though , sort of like how you ca n't yell `` fire '' in a movie theater '' ) . 
  an * american * football . 
  on a more serious note i would probably bring some solar panel technology . 
  it would be nice to have some electricity right ? 
  here in the u.s. we call people from wisconsin cheese heads . 
  interesting considering german ethnic ancestry is heavy in wisconsin . 
  english : limey germans : krauts , jerry mexicans : beaners ( possibly a reference to the beans common to mexican food ? 
  ) , wetbacks ( implying they swam or waded across the rio grande river to enter the u.s. illegally ) . 
  these are considered socially unacceptable . 
  french : frog eaters canadians : mounties ( reference to canadian mounted police ) russians : ivans polish : polacks that 's all i can think of at the moment . 
  i 'm sure these vary from place to place here though . 
  can confirm . 
  the beer as well . 
  i could barely keep from vomiting when i tasted the swill we have back here when i got home . 
  i 'm in chicago and i have n't heard a peep out of anyone : /, 
  sometimes the truth hurts . 
  our military is untouchable in our society . 
  it 's very taboo to openly question the military . 
  it 's sad . 
  i can say fairly confidently that there is 0 chance of a handgun ban passing . 
  automatic weapons are a different matter . 
  that one might have a shot . 
  personally i 'd like to see automatic weapons rebanned and more strict laws regarding handguns . 
  you can go to just about any gun show and get a handgun with no trouble . 
  i think our problem is more a cultural problem rather than a regulation problem ( although there is undeniably a problem there as well ) . 
  that 's absolutely and absurdly false . 
  studies put the amount of times crime is prevented due to firearms between 65,000-2 .5 million times per year . 
  depending on which study you use . 
  homicides * alone * get near the 65,000 mark and once you add in accidents and suicides it far surpasses it . 
  add into all the robbery and whatnot and you are absolutely wrong . 
  on a national stage ? 
  i ca n't think of a single politician advocating for anything other than maybe bloomberg . 
  we have third parties here but because of the electoral college it 's nearly impossible for them to be elected . 
  most people do n't vote for them because they view it as a waste of a vote . 
  i would have liked to support a green party candidate this past election but i could n't because i 'd rather have a democrat than a republican . 
  honestly i give it 3 . 
  fiscal cliff and whatnot . 
  i switched over deutsche welle awhile back and it 's astounding the amount of world news we americans miss out on because of cnn/nbc or whatever . 
  of course .
