  lol true , which is why if we ever win it 's going to be so fucking juicy . 
  where is your god now ? 
  nato is a defensive pact and russia 's own actions both historical and current is what has driven eastern europe en masse into western and nato arms , who have been more than happy to welcome them with open arms . 
  why on earth does russia suddenly have the right to dictate alliances other sovereign nations enter ? 
  especially when fear of russia is the driving factor behind the rush to join nato ? 
  it 's because i have an american flag next to my name . 
  you get used to it . 
  why should n't we speak our language internationally ? 
  english is currently the lingua franca of the world and american english is culturally dominant . 
  if they 're not being in your face about it and not pretending to be well read on politics and the like why do you have such a problem with people taking pride in their ethnic heritage ? 
  but we are n't exposed , so we 've formed our own bubble . 
  lol like brits are any better about their one cup win . 
  with the way things have been going so far i 'm getting my hopes up for a us upset . 
  it 's funny because i 've met few americans who give a damn about politics in other countries let alone claim to be experts . 
  but i 'm glad you 're a bona-fide american expert to teach me all about our shortcomings as a people . 
  did you read what i posted ? 
  in american english it 's understood that saying `` i 'm ( insert nationality ) '' means you are referring to your ethnic ancestry . 
  it would be redundant to clarify every single time , if you 're a legitimate citizen * you * clarify . 
  how is celebrating your heritage claiming you 're `` relevant '' to the country and an expert on it ? 
  if i claim to be a catholic does that mean i 'm claiming to be the pope as well ? 
  i 've never even met an indian-american so i 'll take your word for it . 
  i 'm glad they now represent the whole of an extremely diverse country of 300 million . 
  i understand it can be annoying but it 's really just linguistic and cultural misunderstanding and a whole lot of european butthurt . 
  that 's the thing though , despite the huge increase in popularity the vast majority of people are n't watching and i 'd bet a serious percentage do n't even know it 's going on right now . 
  that 's why it would be hilarious . 
  `` nobody '' cares here but if we won we would still talk mad shit . 
  especially since it would be beating the rest of the world at their favorite game . 
  if there 's anything americans can do it 's throw nationalistic support behind sports teams . 
  give us 50 years and a taste of victory on the world soccer stage and we 'll be tearing it up . 
  because here in the us it 's known that if you refer to yourself as such you 're merely referring to your ethnic ancestry and not your nationality . 
  most people have never even met a foreigner , if you come across one they usually clarify pretty quickly and get mobbed for attention because we think foreigners are cool . 
  100 odd years ago is nearly half our nation 's history . 
  we experienced massive immigration booms for nearly an entire century and continue to bring in a large amount of new immigrants . 
  i 'm only two generations removed from off the boat and not knowing a word of english . 
  why should n't i remember my ancestry ? 
  am i no longer entitled to my collective ancestry simply because a `` 100 odd years ago '' , as you put it , a handful of my ancestors came to a new country ? 
  does it matter to you that i know the language and have visited the old country ? 
  should ethnic turks in germany stop celebrating their culture after a few generations ? 
  how about the poles in britain ? 
  just wait until we win a world cup . 
  you will never hear the end of it . 
  i know , i was adding on to what you said . 
  16.5 million tons of goods , 400,000 + jeeps and trucks , 12,000 armored vehicles ( including 7,000 tanks ) 11,400 aircraft and 1.75 million tons of food . 
  and that 's just the us , the uk also sent thousands of vehicles , tanks , aircraft , etc. 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lend-lease#us_deliveries_to_the_ussr not exactly something to just brush off . 
  denmark is # 40 with .31 % of world oil production ... 
  admittedly a 2009 estimate but i can find nothing more current . 
  why is that stupid ? 
  do you have any idea how many battles have been won or lost due to the lack of fuel ? 
  go ahead and lay it on me . 
  i 'm a big boy . 
  i can take it . 
  i 'm not saying america should go full isolationist . 
  i 'm saying we should require nations that are allied to us to pull their own weight and there are plenty of european nations that quite frankly do n't . 
  i 'm saying that europe needs to take defense more seriously and that includes creating an integrated defense force . 
  standardization of tanks , jets , rifles , etc. 
  quite frankly i do n't think it 's that unreasonable to ask europe in general to spend more on their defense . 
  if you want to be part of nato you spend your 2 % minimums . 
  end of story . 
   why should i care about proving you wrong , i 'm not the eu and you are not the us , we are just two bored dudes in their offices/houses . 
  now you 're just being silly . 
  if people did n't argue on the internet what would we all do all day ? 
  we 're not gon na take no lip from our hat . 
  consider this your one warning ... 
  well then you have nothing to worry about when we decide to pack our bags and leave it up to you . 
  waiting until the threat is on your doorstep is generally a bad time to start making preparations for said threat . 
  i 'm not `` criticizing their manhood '' i 'm pointing out that the german public is incredibly pacifistic and unwilling to utilize their military . 
  am i wrong ? 
  the world absolutely should listen to the germans . 
  we should also end poverty , hunger , sexism , racism , start colonies on mars ... 
  if all you have to say is `` what you 're saying offends me '' you 're not proving me wrong you 're telling me you do n't what to hear what i have to say . 
  in my opinion if every country took a stance like germany the world would be a better place . 
  if anything it 's praise . 
  it does n't change the fact that their spending and military are essentially worthless if their population is unwilling to utilize them . 
  if you disagree with me than provide some points of your own instead of cherrypicking phrases of mine . 
  please explain how the world being a different place 20 years from now is an argument against what i said ? 
  you do realize that 20 years from now europe is going to have a lot more competition and potential rivals right ? 
  you 've also completely ignored all my other points . 
  there 's a lot more that goes into your ability to wage war than the amount of money you throw at it . 
  take oil for instance ( you know , the stuff you use to run your tanks and planes and such ) . 
  only two european countries are in the top 20 oil producing countries ( and one is n't even in the eu ) . 
  norway & uk at 19 and 20 respectively . 
  yet 7 are in the top 20 for oil consumption and are n't dead last like they are in production . 
  where are you going to get the oil you need ? 
  the us & canada are both across the atlantic as are venezuela , brazil & mexico . 
  russia or china ? 
  maybe you 'd prefer a middle eastern country like saudi arabia or iran . 
  yet it remains to be seen what 's going to happen in the middle east once the us finishes our pullout and so far that has n't looked promising at all . 
  i 'd also point out that the bulk of defense spending in the eu comes from the big four . 
  uk , france , germany and italy . 
  do the germans even have the stomach for war ? 
  i think their public opinion polls show that they do n't and if anything want even less to do militarily . 
  are the british , french or italians going to lead a charge to save their european brethren in case of attack ? 
  hell the brits are n't even sure they want to stay in the eu . 
  this ca n't be overstated as for all the talk about one there is no integrated european military or defense group . 
  that is not something you 're going to be able to throw together overnight and would take years if not the greater part of a decade and you have n't even started yet . 
  this is also completely ignoring the fact that while the world looks one way now it is going to look very different 20 years from now . 
  the fact is that european nations enjoy an enormous security blanket with nato membership that means american support . 
  take that away and suddenly europe seems much less threatening . 
  i 'm not saying european armed forces are n't among the top in the world because they are .
