  it 's fine that europe 's own actions are directly to blame for the weakness that the russians perceive and are currently exploiting ? 
  good to know though . 
  you 've said nothing that convinces me that remaining the nato workhorse is in my nation 's best interests . 
  but yeah i 'm hurting your feelings and annoying you so we just should n't talk about it . 
  you 're annoying = / = you 're wrong . 
  what exactly do you want to hear ? 
  that it 's perfectly fine for our supposed allies to ignore their commitments ? 
  personally piss me off ? 
  do you think it 's impossible that i as an individual have a personal interest in avoiding a war while having the opinion that european carelessness has put the us and people i care about at direct risk ? 
  i love how some of you guys refuse to acknowledge that that `` inability '' to spend 2 % or otherwise even attempt to shoulder some of the nato burden is a serious issue . 
  good to know i 'll keep that in mind . 
  ha yeah , it 's our fault as always . 
  bastards forcing europe to ignore their own defense . 
  this is like blaming your crack dealer for you being an addict . 
  not like we 've been begging our allies to take their shit seriously for years . 
  typical `` do nothing about it and blame it on the americans '' . 
  not even sure what else i expect to hear these days . 
  well the eu-ukraine trade deal certainly did n't help ease tensions . 
  russia has proven time and again it does n't need an excuse to perceive hostilities . 
  it only needs to sense weakness and that is in abundance throughout nato and the eu for that matter . 
  yeah but montreal has french-canadian girls to keep you warm during the long canadian winters and not winning stanley cups . 
  we 've actually been a net exporter since 2011/12, 
  the complete disregard for maintaining proper military might or even meeting their basic nato expenditure pledges as the vast majority of the 28 nato member states have for the past couple of decades . 
  and whose fault is that ? 
  not when your policies are what 's encouraging russian aggression in the first place ... 
   if they nuke denmark , * hundreds of * millions if not billions of people would die ftfy, 
  i 'm just trying to understand your mental gymnastics of supporting us troops training ukrainian military while claiming you did n't say you 're okay with military support of ukraine . 
  training troops is military support . 
   no i did not . 
  i said that training ukrainian troops was a sign we were treating them as an independent state rather than as some kind of russian protectorate . 
  i also said that we should not let russia 's opinion dictate our actions toward any sovereign state other than russia itself . 
  we have n't been treating like this up until this point ? 
  i 'm just trying to understand why you think it 's okay to support the eu 's wishes over that of ukraine . 
  what russia thinks is largely irrelevant as they perceive us as the bad guys regardless . 
   as soon as the eu says it is okay . 
  so you would not call this respecting the wishes of the eu over those of ukraine ? 
  you say we need to treat them as a separate entity from russia but why are you okay with essentially giving the eu jurisdiction over us-ukrainian relations ? 
  why is it not okay to allow russia to influence us-ukraine relations but it 's fine and dandy when it 's the eu ? 
   where did i say that i was ? 
  when you said `` good '' to having american troops within ukraine . 
  like it or not that puts them on the firing line regardless if they 're doing nothing more than training . 
  escalating tensions because of having us troops in ukraine could easily lead to further conflict in which us soldiers are at risk . 
  essentially , what i 'm trying to get at here is why are you fine with the eu dictating how the us and ukraine conducts themselves but it 's suddenly abhorrent for russia to attempt to do the same with ukraine ? 
   if it is a side effect of protecting a nato member you said `` good '' to us troops training the ukrainian military . 
  ukraine is not a nato member . 
  how does us troops training the ukrainian military protect nato members ? 
   because ukraine wants to join the eu so you think the us needs to be the one providing military assistance to prospective eu members ? 
  so we need to ignore what the ukrainians want for what the eu wants ? 
  you just got done with a spiel about how we need to respect the wishes of sovereign nations . 
  the ukrainians want american weapons . 
  why are you okay with the us putting its reputation and potentially its soldier 's lives on the line for the interests of the eu ? 
  obama was not going to spend that kind of political capital just for syria . 
  but the ukrainians have asked for us weapons . 
  why are you okay with the eus opinions dictating our actions ? 
  the american public was overwhelming against intervention in syria . 
  more so than any other conflict since vietnam . 
  i 'm not denying that the decisions the uk made played a role but to pretend the sole reason the us did not attack assad was because of british disapproval is just absurd . 
   we should just do whatever the eu says have n't they made it clear that they only want `` talks '' ? 
  this will only be seen by them and the russians as the us wanting to stick its nose in . 
   all america did yeah just $ 180 billion in today 's dollars over 18 european countries . 
  but of course even this gets accused of being american imperialism even today by many . 
  genuinely curious , why do you think we should be involved in ukraine whatsoever ? 
  not to mention that we supported a unified germany against french and british wishes but on the internet history does n't exist pre 1995 . 
   like when we decided not to fight assad i keep seeing this and it 's very interesting that people act like the us had the planes and bombs on the way and flipped a switch to cancel the attack when the brits said no . 
  it got voted down in the us as well . 
  because they want to have their cake and eat it too . 
  this is `` do nothing and blame it on the americans '' as always . 
  europe has a long history of having `` concerns '' about what the us does while also having a hand out asking for the scraps . 
  the monroe doctrine predated nato by more than a century . 
   being sent by the hundreds including weapons and munitions and heavy armor to eastern europe . 
  did i stutter ? 
  oh i must have missed all the posts here of german , italian , french , belgian , etc. 
  troops being sent by the hundreds including weapons and munitions and heavy armor to eastern europe . 
  we send hundreds of men , rifles , tanks , boots , mres , jets , ships , etc. 
  into eastern europe just in case and eu nations send a single box of 30 year old shit and call it even . 
  we should let the eu defend itself . 
  the russians clearly do n't respect european military power and neither should we . 
  europe made its bed and we should let them lay in it . 
  and that 's what you and everyone itt wants anyway right ? 
  europe relying on nobody but the eu for military support right ? 
  well there you go , everybody wins . 
  nobility does n't put food on my table or shoes on my kids feet or stop people from chanting death to america and wanting to cut my fucking head off because of the passport i hold because once again my nation takes the lead and the flak . 
  and i 'm saying the us should n't put our blood and cash on the line just so europe can have all that down the road . 
  europe has nobody to blame but themselves for the situation they find themselves in . 
  the us did not force europeans to ignore their military capabilities for fucking decades . 
  on the contrary we 've been literally begging you to do something about it and we get fucking sneered at for years . 
  do what you want but you should be prepared to do it alone . 
  so what you 're saying is europe should think things through before it goes all realpolitik on its single biggest trading partner and military ally . 
  too late for that though . 
   i do n't think our government should bite the hand that feeds until we can stand up for ourselves alone . 
  i keep seeing this sentiment and it 's doing nothing to convince me that protecting europe today so they can bite our hand tomorrow is a good thing . 
  and europe is clearly looking at alternatives to further cooperation with the us and we should do the same . 
  why should we protect you if you do n't protect yourself ? 
  if that 's the arrangement you want why exactly should n't we treat europe as our sphere of influence and drop the `` ally '' bullshit and just assert our authority through our military might the way russia does ? 
  not spending your 2 % ? 
  no , i 'm fucking pissed because i have family that i do n't want getting fucking killed to protect a bunch of arrogant , self-centered , irresponsible fucks who stab us in the back . 
  this has nothing to do with what you think of us . 
  this is a matter of our national sovereignty and our supposed `` allies '' trying to fuck us . 
  this is n't a fucking game and i do n't give a shit what europoors think of me or my masculinity . 
  that 's fine , do n't be surprised though when more and more americans do n't give a fuck about the military security of europe .
