  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_propaganda_during_world_war_ii https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_propaganda https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/propaganda_in_north_korea https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/propaganda_in_the_people%27s_republic_of_china https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/propaganda_in_the_soviet_union what 's your point ? 
  so let 's go charging off to war instead because that would be so much better for everyone ? 
  yes and i have yet to see anyone give me an example of american propaganda on this level . 
  vague statements are n't examples . 
  offend me all you want , this entire discussion is fucking retarded . 
  war is not a conversation to even be having at this point and time . 
  you teach a child to read , and he or her will be able to pass a literacy test . 
  i refuse to believe that you can live in the us and be so unaware of our long history of race issues to not know how comparing a black person to a monkey is racist . 
  i 've lived my entire life surrounded by racists and i know all the bullshit and mental gymnastics . 
  do n't try and pull it on me . 
  care to provide some examples ? 
  and is n't talking about war when economic and diplomatic means have n't even been necessarily tried let alone failed and exhausted beyond absurd ? 
  lmfao us back * you * up ? 
  who are the ones who put sanctions into place already ? 
  spending the 2 % has to do with being a nato member which everyone is suddenly so happy to be a part of . 
  you mean just like how there 's no reason for usa to help anybody invade ukraine or russia atm ? 
  do n't worry , if shit goes down we 'll give you guys a much nicer token force than we were given . 
  if that 's the case why do you care if fascists want to fight each other ? 
  i 'm not arguing about the definition of fascism . 
  you said yourself the svoboda are only part of the coalition . 
  why bring up our alliance in the first place if you 're not talking about war ? 
  america starting and funding the conflict in ukraine . 
  ah yes i totally forgot about the insurgents in ukraine armed with american made weapons that originally popped up to `` protect the native english speakers '' ( who have now formed a new `` republic '' independent of ukraine ) and have begun shooting down civilian airliners and then refusing international observers full access to the crash site ... and how all this started over protests about a trade deal faceoff between ~ ~ the eu ~ ~ america and russia and they were totally waving american flags and not eu ones on the barricades of the maidan ... oh . 
  wait . 
  i wish our federal govt . 
  was 1/8th as effective domestically as they supposedly are overseas . 
  why are we obligated to sacrifice more blood in ukraine for you than was shed in iraq/afghanistan on our behalf ? 
  i do n't think it 's right to ban parties but i 'm not ukrainian . 
  i do n't think it 's very fair to call the entire ukrainian govt . 
  fascists either . 
  ... so why did you bring up iraq/afghanistan ? 
   people are vehemently pro-intervention ukraine the europeans of / r/europe are . 
  there 's one nato country flair i have n't seen anyone with arguing for military invention in ukraine . 
  of course my government is talking big . 
  what else are they supposed to do ? 
  like you said plenty of politicians from plenty of countries are warhawking right now . 
  why bring up iraq/afghanistan if you did n't want to talk about war ? 
  careful , / r/europe likes to be an echo chamber . 
  `` support '' . 
  if it was such a valiant crusade why did so few non-british european soldiers fight ? 
  we 'll be more than happy to `` support '' you guys too . 
  what are you stating ? 
  that if russia somehow goes to war with a nato country that we 'll go to war as well ? 
  of course we would . 
  the chance of war is still incredibly unlikely . 
  how can it even be seriously talked about while you lot are still squabbling over sanctions ? 
  no offense but considering my country would end up shouldering the vast brunt of any theoretical war with russia along with a handful of others yall motherfuckas can either take shit seriously , have some balls and issue sanctions and start taking your defense seriously ( which means spending your damn 2 % and almost nobody fucking does ) or you can stfu , go sit outside and eu circlejerk about your `` combined '' population and military spending and economy and what the fuck ever while the big boys talk . 
  take that however you want but we 're tired of this shit . 
  that would be extremely stupid . 
  american soldiers were 93 % of deaths in iraq . 
  the netherlands deployed a whopping less than 1,500 soldiers to afghanistan . 
  and that puts them at the top of the pack of nato contributors . 
  hell south korea and georgia committed more troops to iraq than any nato country besides us , uk and italy . 
  us & uk made up 80 % of afghanistan deaths . 
  few nato members committed even close to 1,000 soldiers . 
  it 's great you 're so gung ho on our alliance now . 
  funny how nobody was 6 months ago . 
  sure we 'll have your back . 
  because i 'm sure we can all trust you guys to actually spend your nato 2 % now right ? 
  and if you guys decide to barrel into ukraine we 'll even be generous and commit say 5,000 soldiers which is far more than any country not named usa/uk had fighting in iraq/afghanistan . 
  we 'll even throw in air support because let 's be honest nobody else would be able to pull it off except maybe the uk or france . 
  happy ? 
  i feel like as a species this is a reality of the 21st century . 
  we need to set standards and follow through on them . 
  i 'm actually taking a summer class and the lecture i had just today was on the effects of climate change by my professor who has 40 + years of experience and rubs shoulders with colleagues who are experts in the field . 
  his happiest thought was that he 'll be dead before things have a chance to get very bad . 
  he showed us a map of the world after sea level rise and it was shocking to say the least . 
  we all need to be doing more and that includes the us . 
  by a lot and i think we 're starting to turn in that direction . 
  there 's a noticeable change in attitude and for instance just 300 miles or so from where my hometown is there 's a new windfarm that 's gone up and the amount of turbines they 've put in in just a few years is staggering . 
  the most recent trip i made i counted more than 10 miles of turbines as far as the eye can see . 
  sometimes you 'll see semis rolling down the highway with single turbines and it 's amazing to see how big they are up close . 
  all the land is farmland so it 's not like it 's getting in the way of anything . 
  the corn and soybeans are n't bothered one bit . 
  speaking of corn and soybeans we in the midwest particularly need to start pushing for huge change and fast . 
  a big result of the climate changing will impact crop growth and that is our literal bread and butter , a huge part of our economy . 
  we also need to realize that agriculture itself is a large contributor to global warming and we need to tackle that issue head on instead of skirting around it . 
  sorry if i 'm rambling , it 's late and i 'm high as a georgia pine . 
  i want nothing to do with it and i have yet to meet anyone who 's put that forward on reddit or otherwise . 
  well said . 
  you realize `` eu soldiers '' is not going to end up being proportional . 
  if eu or nato troops got sent in what nationalities do you honestly think it 's going to be that do the majority of it ? 
  sweden is # 11 . 
  i 'm not arguing about any of that . 
  i would be inclined to agree with you and i absolutely understand why some would be mad . 
  does n't change the fact that nothing i said was factually incorrect . 
  ... which is exactly why if you were a champagne salesmen in the us you would need to be telling people that your champagne is actually from the region and not just a fizzy wine from oregon . 
  otherwise almost nobody is going to know the difference . 
  i would n't give two fucks because i 'm not from kentucky , do n't particularly like bourbon and my paycheck is n't reliant on bourbon . 
  i do n't understand why everybody is so fucking butthurt over what i said . 
  i never once said anything about my opinion on the matter . 
  you may not like that things are the way they are but you do n't have to lose your shit at me for stating facts . 
  or do i need to go to my grocery store and start taking pictures ? 
  besides , only `` champagnes '' that were using that word to describe themselves pre-2006 are still allowed to label themselves as champagne and they 're required to specify where it was actually made . 
  so the bottle would say `` california champagne '' etc. 
  lmfao say how things in the us are and get accused of having a narrow perspective . 
  nice . 
  i never said shit about my opinion on the matter , merely stated facts . 
  do n't be naive of course they 'll deny it and say either the guy was lying or that the papers are lying . 
  no shit .
