  let them wave their dick around . 
  they put that dick in your front yard though you shoot those motherfuckers down . 
  they 'll stop coming of their own free will . 
  open your arms wide and embrace them . 
  you definitely wo n't end up with tens of thousands a week trying to make the journey . 
  your crime and unemployment rates definitely wo n't jump through the roof . 
  if you disagree with me you are a racist lalalalalalalala i ca n't hear you . 
  end of discussion . 
  it goes back farther . 
  there was plenty of anti american sentiment in germany pre iraq . 
  cool story . 
  oh is that a rule in the sidebar i missed ? 
  my bad . 
  historically speaking , american mistrust of the us federal govt . 
  is well placed . 
  if you want to go beyond being an `` edgy teenager '' and actually look at our history and culture anyway ... 
  and thank god for that ... you 're probably not above age 13 . 
  what 's your point ? 
  and getting dragged into unnecessary wars because our so called `` allies '' do n't pull their weight does nothing to help us achieve that end goal . 
  they 've had 70 years . 
  how much more time do they need ? 
  europe is a lost cause . 
  one day we as a species will put aside our petty differences and achieve our destiny . 
  then we can stop fighting amongst ourselves and go fuck up the space aliens , 
  if we have truly `` conquered the world '' as you put it then we should force our `` allies '' to pick up their military spending and abilities instead of constantly being limited by and chained to them . 
  i can not agree with your sense that we have already `` won '' . 
  if we rest and do n't take threats seriously like the europeans we are doomed . 
  we do n't have the luxury of a superpower having our back . 
  we 're it . 
  yeah okay . 
  i wo n't hold my breath if the us is ever attacked on the homeland for our european allies to spring into action . 
  you all wo n't do shit unless you 're directly threatened . 
  not if it means tens or hundreds of thousands of casualties and billions of euros . 
  you all would let us die and our country be destroyed . 
  the american people can not afford to rely on european pacifists . 
  if the us were attacked from the pacific it could still invoke nato help . 
  that 's just patently false . 
  that 's their prerogative . 
  if europe wants authoritarianism it 's not my place to tell them no . 
  until they stop rabidly consuming american culture i wo n't worry . 
  what `` nato preparation '' would that be ? 
  mr. putin , i do n't trust ** my ** government . 
  why the fuck would i trust yours ? 
  so once again , little more than american boots and tanks being all that stands between europe and the russians . 
  some things never change apparently . 
  we must pivot to asia for the security and future of our own nation . 
  what kind of help could we expect from europe if war were to break out anywhere in the pacific ? 
  our european `` allies '' would barely even be able to transport and supply their soldiers there , let alone do any serious fighting once they got there . 
  assuming they would even come to our aid in the first place , judging from the `` overwhelming '' help and resources we got from them in afghanistan . 
  nato is not necessary for a continued us military presence within europe either . 
  the above opinion is increasingly popular in the us though . 
  something has to give . 
  american deaths made up 67 % of all * coalition * deaths at 2,257 , not just nato members . 
  in line with the nato spending . 
  the us spent far more on the war in afghanistan than any other country in terms of finances . 
  of the 3,391 coalition deaths , 2,516 came from non-eu countries . 
  of the 875 that were from eu countries , more than 50 % were brits . 
  no nato members other than the us , uk and canada lost more than 90 soldiers . 
  so , the us lost 25 times more soldiers than france ( 88 ) , the eu country with the highest losses not counting britain . 
  that 's just death , in terms of pure casualties the stats are even more skewed toward the us . 
  3,366 wounded americans only from ied attacks in just 2010 alone compared to ~ 2,200 total british wounded ( second most wounded by far ) . 
  19,950 of the 22,773 coalition wounded ( 88 % ) . 
  you can get a sense of what popular opinions are just by browsing comments here and anywhere else this gets brought up . 
  our nato `` allies '' do not give a single fuck that we babysit them . 
  oh sure , they whine bitch and moan about it but if they truly cared enough to come out of the us shadow and reliance on american umbrella protection they would have actually done something about it . 
  they 've been content for decades . 
  they wo n't give a damn unless russian tanks are once again in berlin and this time there are no american tanks standing between them . 
  we should have started diminishing our military presence in europe decades ago . 
  the russians can force them to take their defense seriously more than we ever could . 
  they do n't want an `` equal partnership '' . 
  they want to have the same amount of say that we do , they want the same military protection that * our * military provides without them opening their wallets or their young men in uniform . 
  what happens if russian tanks roll into eastern europe tomorrow ? 
  american soldiers would be fighting and dying immediately , our planes would be in the air immediately , our ships would be there immediately . 
  american casualties would be on a level unlike anything we 've seen since the second world war . 
  what would happen if the russians or chinese hit our west coast tomorrow ? 
  what kind of help would we be looking at from our `` allies '' ? 
  are you willing to bet the lives of every american west of the mississippi on the fighting strength of european military powers ? 
  either we need to leave nato and seek a new direction or we need to start kicking out those who do not take their own defense seriously . 
  the status quo can not continue . 
  you see countless people clamoring for an eu military . 
  so after 70 years of protection and our massive commitment to our military security and that of our allies we would get dropped like a bad habit . 
  not even a `` thank you '' for our trouble , just sneers and accusations of military industrial complex . 
  they want to stand on their own feet , we should let them . 
  we should see how much value putin and the russians place on european military forces . 
  they want to play superpower , fine let them pay their own bills . 
  they want their own military so they can tell us to fuck off , fine let them get a crash course with the russians on their doorstep already in a shooting war . 
  the overwhelming majority has not done this for decades . 
  why the confidence that this changes overnight ? 
  people can talk about ramping up military spending until they 're blue in the face . 
  at the end of the day you have to open your wallet and the overwhelming majority of nato nations have been content to be babysat by the us for decades . 
  thank you for your insight on the motivations and political views of americans , / u/northamerican _ scum i 'd have no issues defending nato nations that take the * appropriate measures * to ensure their own national defense in the first place . 
  lol yeah , it was a big deal * for soccer * . 
  utter fraction of the attention our domestic sports get . 
   i fucking love living in the future . 
  still waiting for jetpacks and hoverboards though : /, 
  depends on what i 'm trying to do . 
  if i 'm trying to get shitfaced or have a party a $ 14 30 rack is the way to go . 
  if i 'm trying to get my buzz on with dinner a $ 10 6 pack is what i 'm getting . 
  you would be surprised . 
  nowadays you can get a lot of stuff online or at least order stuff in through a local liquor store ( higher end ones anyway ) .
