  certainly since post-colonialism . 
  so your arguments are `` you let that genocide happen so why bother with this one '' ? 
  nobody beyond the fringe has suggested american boots back on the ground in iraq . 
  for any american politician to seriously suggest such would be political suicide . 
  yes a lot of the current problems ( certainly not all ) currently faced in that region are due to the power vacuum that the removal of saddam left . 
  however i have a hard time believing that the same people who are lambasting arming the kurds would not be `` outraged '' if the us had decided to wash their hands of the middle east , completely pull out , refuse to support any moderate elements in the region and `` let the iraqis kill each other '' as you put it . 
  classic case of `` do nothing and blame the americans '' . 
  when did this become about germany ? 
  everyone with beyond a 4th grade education knows the germans will never involve themselves in anything militarily speaking ( though that apparently does n't extend to selling arms ) . 
  so your solution is to give people supplies while they huddle around waiting to be slaughtered while we airlift out those we can and ... do what exactly ? 
  are we evacuating all the middle east ? 
  just the kurds ? 
  where are we going to put all these people ? 
  how are we going to provide for them ? 
  how are we going to give them a future ? 
  we ca n't take care of our own countrymen here and i ca n't see how we would somehow be able to provide for tens of thousands if not hundreds of thousands or millions of refugees . 
  we already have our own refugee crisis at the moment and europe already has more than a couple . 
  idealism and pacifism is all well and good in a perfect world but we live in an imperfect world where ugly actions are sometimes necessary . 
  is this one of those instances ? 
  i do n't know . 
  however i 'm inclined to believe that sitting on our hands would be worse than perhaps taking action and making a mistake and `` taking refugees '' is a whole other can of worms that i can guarantee you nobody is going to want to deal with . 
  you do realize choosing to do nothing is an action in and of itself with its own potential consequences that could be far more disastrous than arming the kurds ? 
  you mean to tell me current american foreign policy is n't identical to the policies of 30 years ago ? 
  i 'm truly shocked . 
  fact is the people who are going to be against giving them arms are the same people who would be the first to lose their shit when they all got slaughtered . 
  what 's your solution then ? 
  do nothing ? 
  the us has already had advisers with the kurds for some time and we 've been supporting them with airstrikes . 
  in the sense that nation states have n't stopped competing against each other i suppose . 
  i do n't see how this is any different from 99.9 % of human history . 
  `` cold '' wars may suck but they 're infinitely better than shooting wars . 
  i 've been shot at . 
  it is n't fun and i have no desire to repeat the experience . 
  incidentally a big reason it was sold to us was to finance wars . 
  agreed . 
  nobody was talking to you . 
  but seriously this is more retarded than arguing about whose parent beats them more . 
  war is shit period and the seeming necessity of this subreddit to always compare the united states and europe is maddening . 
  i promise you that if russia invades a nato member unprovoked and my government declares war i would be enlisting the next day . 
  there are over 50,000 american combat vets who will be sleeping on the streets tonight . 
  our va is an almost total failure . 
  nearly everyone has a relative who has fought whether it be iraq/afghanistan , gulf war or vietnam . 
  we have our ww2 and korea vets as well . 
  but why does this even matter ? 
  why do we need to have some sort of pissing match over who has had it worse ? 
  it 's unproductive and gets us nowhere and is unrelated to the thread topic . 
  i suppose though the day / r/europe does n't feel the need to compare europe and the us is the day hell freezes over . 
  you can not reason with someone who refuses to even accept that your candidate is a citizen . 
  who believes that any reform whatsoever is grade a marxism . 
  who thinks everyone is out to get them . 
  who refuses to acknowledge that the very policies and stances that they support end up hurting them and their neighbors because they refuse to put 2014 reality in front of ideology . 
  i do n't think you understand the type of people you 're talking about here . 
  the american left ( if you can even call it that as we 're forced under the democrat banner if we want representation ) has not forced the gop or tea party into a corner they 've done that themselves through their politics , absolute refusal to compromise and alienation of damn near anybody who is n't a white male over the age of 50 . 
  this is no different than putin . 
  his own actions are what has backed him into a corner . 
  the more apt analogy would be rats who spend all night nibbling on you and when you turn on the light they scurry into their little holes . 
  only when buying from a ffl dealer . 
  it 's common knowledge no background check is required when a sale is made between private parties . 
  and even so if the fbi does n't come up with the check in three days the dealer can sell it to you anyway . 
  talk about loopholes . 
  there is no federal waiting period and only ten states require any wait period whatsoever . 
  let me rephrase the concealed carry point . 
  you can get it in any state . 
  some easy some make you jump through some hoops . 
  regardless you can get it if you want it . 
  as for hollow points being illegal in jersey . 
  a quick google search came up with [ this ] ( http://www.njsp.org/about/fire_hollow.html ) stating you can have hollow points and you can have them in your home . 
  `` illegal '' i would say is grossly inaccurate . 
  the point i was trying to make is that swiss gun laws as a whole are certainly more strict than anything the us has on a federal level by a longshot . 
  you can cherry pick individual state restrictions all you want it does n't change the fact that if switzerland became the 51st state they would have the most strict gun laws in the country by far . 
  i 've edited the original comment . 
  i looked at your comment you linked and tbh about 80 % of that stuff would be considered literal `` obama is confiscating our weapons and putting us into camps '' by many people here . 
  you may not consider those strict but like i said i think those are more strict than all 50 us states including california , new york and illinois which are considered the strictest in the us . 
  i 'm from illinois myself and i can tell you right now il gun laws are nothing compared to what you outlined and do n't consider strict . 
  exactly the point i originally made ... 
  i 'll look it over but i honestly do n't think there 's a single state in the country that requires background checks for ammunition . 
  again background checks to purchase a firearm that is not required in numerous states . 
  you admit concealed carry is extremely hard to get ( your own words ) . 
  there is not a single us state with no concealed carry and it 's really not difficult at all to get . 
  you certainly do n't need to prove you fear for your life . 
  need a permit for semi auto ( along with wait period ) , ca n't have hollowpoints unless for hunting . 
  people would lose their shit if something like that was even suggested here . 
  do n't even get me started on the limited self defense thing . 
  again , people here would lose their shit . 
  i do n't know man but imo if switzerland was a us state they would have more strict gun laws than every other state . 
  i do n't think there 's a single us state with restrictions on hollowpoints or semi auto . 
  you also have waiting periods for those . 
  i can literally walk into a show right now and walk out with any semi auto firearm i want with as much hollow point ammunition as i can carry . 
  no background check . 
  no license . 
  no waiting period . 
  so there are no background checks ? 
  no classes ? 
  no certifications , registration or licenses ? 
  no waiting periods ? 
  no restrictions on securing firearms or ammunition in the home or car ? 
  no restrictions on transport ? 
  do you have open or concealed carry ? 
  castle , stand your ground or no duty to retreat laws ? 
  what are the age restrictions for ownership ?
