  well thought out argument right there . 
  if i 'm wrong tell me how i 'm wrong . 
  do n't resort to this `` you do n't know what you 're talking about '' crap . 
  what the fuck does that have to do with anything ? 
  i understand many in eastern europe do n't feel that way and it was wrong of me to generalize all europeans that way , i apologize . 
  yes because i care so much about the dollars and other crap . 
  not the fact that i 've already had one family member die for absolutely fucking nothing overseas and do n't want to see it again for my family or any other family . 
  you do n't fucking know me , you do n't know my fucking situation , do n't presume to tell me how i 'm `` benefiting '' from this fucking asinine shit . 
  whose interests ? 
  how does this benefit me ? 
  my family ? 
  my friends ? 
  how does this benefit my loved ones who are currently enlisted ? 
  how does this benefit the now 600 american soldiers stationed in poland and the tens of thousands of other americans stationed throughout europe ? 
  and a united european military is most definitely in the best interests of everyone in nato . 
  how many schools ? 
  miles of rail ? 
  lunches for poor school kids ? 
  lifesaving medical procedures for the millions here who ca n't even afford to see a doctor ? 
  which puts quite a damper on all these `` well * combined * we ... '' arguments does n't it ? 
  that 's cool . 
  they all have integrated military forces right ? 
  use the same tanks , aircraft , rifles , etc. 
  to make logistics and unit compatibility practical right ? 
  they have enough trained and combat experienced soldiers to fight a continent wide war right ? 
  enough tanks and jets to fight and helicopters and transport planes to get soldiers to the front ? 
  they have enough oil reserves to fuel said tanks and aircraft and enough oil production to keep them running right ? 
  i 'm not sure why everyone thinks military spending is the only measure of a military . 
  the new york yankees outspend everyone and they do n't win the world series every year . 
  money is not everything . 
  it takes time to train soldiers and even with the best of training that 's no substitute for combat experience . 
  i 'm not blaming europe . 
  i 'm blaming the president and whatever members of congress vote to pass this crap . 
  europe may spend enough money on their armed forces comparatively but they do not have the amount of fighter aircraft , tanks , helicopters , etc. 
  to show for it . 
  high tech is cool and all but you may find yourself in trouble when the enemy has 10x the numbers that you do . 
  if war broke out tomorrow the russians are sending 15,000 tanks & 3,000,000 men steaming across eastern europe . 
  who 's going to stop them ? 
  only two european countries crack the top 20 in oil production , norway at 19 and uk at 20 . 
  norway & uk are also the only two european nations that crack the top 30 in proven oil reserves and they 're near the bottom of the list there as well . 
  there 's a lot more to war than the amount of money you throw at it . 
  so what exactly are we disagreeing about then ? 
  i agree . 
   turns out he stole money from dad 's wallet and by `` dad '' you mean the american taxpayer ? 
  i agree . 
  fuck this shit . 
  we should be getting the fuck out of europe and leave european defense to europeans . 
  this is absolute horseshit . 
  speak for yourself . 
  $ 1 billion dollars goes a long way anywhere and that 's also ignoring the further 450 soldiers being sent in addition to the 150 sent earlier and the fact that that 's about 10 % of the polish military budget . 
  in the states they 're shutting down public schools left and right . 
  our public transport is questionable at best and nonexistent at worst depending on where you are . 
  we still have no healthcare system that a nation of our caliber should have . 
  our infrastructure is falling apart . 
  getting a secondary education is becoming increasingly impossible without incurring crippling debt . 
  veterans of the wars we 've already fought ca n't get the care they need and are shooting themselves left and right . 
  i can think of a hell of a lot of things to do with $ 1 billion dollars * in america * . 
  it 's blatantly obvious that the average user of / r/europe sees this whole thing as a joke . 
  it 's blatantly obvious that * western europeans do n't feel threatened by anyone . 
  it 's blatantly obvious that nato is taken for granted . 
  it 's blatantly obvious that europeans feel they can take on any threat they may face without american help . 
  i say fine . 
  if europe does n't feel europe is threatened why should america feel europe is threatened ? 
  if europe thinks they 're capable of their own defense why should america think they 're not ? 
  we should be scaling back our military presence in europe not expanding it . 
  maybe i 'm coming off as butthurt or whatever but i do n't really care . 
  i 'm downright pissed . 
  band of brothers was a hbo series . 
  one video does not mean an entire subreddit is becoming a `` shockfest '' . 
  this is the reality of war and the fact is that civilians get caught in the crossfire . 
  if the video disgusts you so much there are more productive things to do than try to prevent others from seeing it . 
   if everyone made the same amount down to the penny i saw that and assumed you were talking about basic income which was incorrect . 
  i just woke up sorry . 
  i 'm interested in what resources you 're considering scarce . 
  basic income does not mean `` everyone makes $ 20 an hour no matter what '' . 
  it 's that every member of society is guaranteed a basic minimum income . 
  our current poverty lines and social infrastructure are ineffective at best and there 's a legitimate argument to be made that as automation continues to advance there will be fewer and fewer jobs especially in the jobs and industries that are overwhelmingly worked by lower income people already . 
  basic income seeks to combat that . 
  i understand that but you ca n't just sweep income inequality under the rug like that . 
  the average working & middle class american in 2014 makes less than his father in the '70s did adjusted for inflation . 
  meanwhile the rich are doing better than ever and our politicians are trying to scrap what pitiful social infrastructure we have . 
  you want to talk about our economy ? 
  how about our economy when assembly line workers could afford to buy the cars they made ? 
  when our economy was at its height . 
  say whatever you want , you 're not going to make me sympathize with the rich . 
  well maybe if 1 % of the people did n't own 40 % of the resources ... 
  paid somebody off more like . 
  that 's ... not really the point . 
  do n't count on it . 
  illinois here and 4 of our previous 7 governors are in prison . 
  no that 's definitely more expensive but $ .68 for a 12/16 oz and $ 1.77 for a 2l sounds pretty cheap to me !, 
  and 1 euro = $ 1.36 at the moment no ? 
  so .5 euro = $ 0.68 what am i missing here ? 
  i just woke up so this is confusing . 
  wtf !, 
  that 's cheaper than the us !, 
  i 'm not complaining about cost of living , i 'm complaining about our social programs . 
  healthcare , education , public transport , etc. 
  we pay almost nothing for consumer goods but we get shafted on social & public services . 
  which is more important ?
