  social media and consumer goods are very accessible , yet education varies wildly within towns let alone county to state to nationwide . 
  i 'm from just outside chicago and i 'd be willing to bet the education chicago public offers is on par with some 3rd world countries . 
  yet i guarantee you plenty of those students have access to cell phones . 
  i do have my own city but i do n't own it . 
  17 million !?!?!, 
  my city alone has half that . 
  i 'm fine with it so long as it 's lighthearted and you 're willing to take it as well as receive it . 
  i 'm sure they could make you some shine though , 
  it feels like that sometimes :( can you guys just please give us the benefit of the doubt ? 
  there 's 300 million of us . 
  personally i 'm crying . 
  do n't live anywhere south of the mason-dixon line . 
  well * maybe * if you did n't beat us when we were kids ... 
  the alps . 
  being from the american midwest i 'd never even seen a large hill before let alone mountains . 
  it absolutely blew me away and my life ambition is now to be able to live there . 
  it sounds cheesy but one of the best moments of my life was sitting in a valley on the shore of a lake surrounded by these absolutely breathtaking mountains . 
  the air was sweet , it was cool and comfortable . 
  there were a couple of young girls splashing around in the water , laughing and carefree . 
  i watched them play and i was just so * happy * to witness the joy of childhood . 
  honestly , i 've been in a rough place for awhile and whenever things are bad i always imagine myself back there on that lake . 
  it 's my `` happy place '' . 
  i highly recommend you check out the alps . 
  which is understandable . 
  yeah was n't even the same make , model or color if i remember correctly . 
  i do n't think you can `` fix '' the gun culture in the u.s. 
  in my country the lapd will blow you away just for driving a car that looks kind of like the car the suspect had . 
  plenty of people in my country use the argument that police ca n't be everywhere at once to protect the people so individuals should carry firearms in public . 
  just like how you argued that the armed police forces ca n't be everywhere at once . 
  very slippery slope . 
  my country is utterly fucked when it comes to gun violence . 
  the market is so saturated that no regulation will stem the violence , certainly not in my lifetime . 
  where do you think those guns came from in the first place ? 
  i 'll bet you it was n't the first time they crossed the border . 
  i think if our police did n't have guns they would be dead . 
  in my city alone more people are murdered in a 48 hour span than some of your countries have in a year . 
  our gun problem is so far out of control that any attempt to regulate at this point is meaningless . 
  or `` taking a victory lap '' . 
  well i graduated awhile back but yeah we did . 
  about 1,500 students . 
  we were the smallest in the district . 
  the largest was about 5,000 . 
  wow , my high school had a full time sheriff stationed there . 
  i only saw him arrest a student maybe twice though . 
  do n't want to hijack the thread as i 'm not a european , but [ mark twain ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mark_twain ) ( among the most famous of historical american authors ) wrote quite a bit about europe . 
  things like : [ the awful german language ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_awful_german_language ) [ a tramp abroad ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/a_tramp_abroad ) [ the innocents abroad ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_innocents_abroad ) i 'm sure i 'm forgetting a ton . 
  obviously i do n't want to intrude in a thread because i know you guys are touchy about discussion of america in here , but i figured this was interesting and relevant not only as twain is up there for the most famous of american authors but he was well traveled in europe and wrote quite a lot about europe . 
  figured you may be interested . 
  very interesting . 
  i 'm sorry but i disagree . 
  being able to speak the local language ( regardless of how poor ) enhances your experience in so many ways . 
  it is true that english is the dominant language in the world ( now anyway , a few centuries ago it was french and a century from now it 'll probably be chinese ) but there are still a lot of people who do n't . 
  i understand that for you * personally * learning a foreign language is not a priority but learning one is * never * anything but an advantage . 
  well i 've been studying german for 5 years . 
  hoping to get a degree in it . 
  next on my list is french and after that i 'd like to look into russian . 
  i started with german because my ethnic background is german . 
  also , in high school you had to take 2 years of a foreign language . 
  the school offered spanish , german , french and latin . 
  a solid 85 % of the students took spanish . 
  i wanted to do something different . 
  my father also told me i * had * to take spanish . 
  the easiest way to get me to do something is to tell me i ca n't do it . 
  this is not a love song ... 
  there are tons of polish restaurants . 
  polish sausage is a * huge * deal . 
  yep , i went to high school with at least 5 ( as in they were actually from lithuania , not just ethnically lithuanian ) . 
  they have cultural schools that they would go to after regular school to work on their lithuanian and learn cultural stuff . 
  it seemed most came here when they were young . 
  but only one of them had no accent and a couple of them had * very * thick accents . 
  they all spoke fluent lithuanian and it was what they spoke at home . 
  i generally just go with what sounds right . 
  it works about half the time . 
  i figure so long as i can be understood that 's the priority . 
  i need to work on my grammar but i have time . 
  there 's a ton !, 
  we even got casimir pulaski day off in school . 
  there 's a * ton * of people with last names ending in `` ski '' as well . 
   come by for a visit . 
  it 's a lovely place ( one of the greenest cities in the u.s. ) and our reputation for crime and violence is very overblown ( just use common sense and do n't wander into the hood at night ) . 
  i 've been studying german for 5 years and i still ca n't manage the case system worth a damn . 
  just to let you know , there is a * huge * polish speaking population in chicago . 
  there are polish language newspapers , radio and television stations . 
  ton of immigrants and people with that ethnic background . 
  that 's an extra 50 cents, 
  with gang violence , taking their weapons does nothing . 
  gang violence is not merely a problem in and of itself , it is a symptom of much deeper problems . 
  mainly systematic racial discrimination , poverty , education , culture and the failed war on drugs . 
  we must fix these underlying problems to have any hope of stemming the violence . 
  we make guns and unhealthy food . 
  want some of those ? 
  i think so . 
  i 'm from illinois originally and we only had 5 guys . 
  now i go to school in columbus ohio ( osu ) and there 's still only 5 guys . 
  as far as i 'm aware it has n't affected crime rates ( or if anything they 've gone down ) . 
  what lots of people ( particularly the anti-gun control crowd ) fail to realize is that the * vast * majority of gun violence in the u.s. is gang and drug war related . 
  it 's minority on minority crime . 
  people opting for concealed carry are very unlikely to ever be exposed to that violence . 
  it 's all part of the plan of the nra and the gun manufacturers who pull their strings to get people to buy up weapons and ammunition . 
  there 's actually a shortage right now because of all the people panic buying .
