  bolt action rifles and break action shotguns with no questions asked is not very `` impressive '' tbh . 
  i 'd love for you to inform me as i must admit i do not have intimate knowledge of swiss gun laws . 
  i was under the impression that the military firearms kept in the home are not allowed to be taken out without orders and ammunition is not distributed . 
  anybody care to explain why my posts which were at +5 or so a few hours ago are now sitting negative despite no rebuttal ? 
  surely / r/guns would never brigade . 
  i 'm not even being remotely anti gun . 
  if i 'm wrong about any of my points please counter them . 
  as a rule never take anything a gun nut says about gun politics at face value . 
  the american ones love to point to the swiss as an example but almost always fail to mention the level of training swiss gun owners receive and the fact that there are restrictions . 
  they act like the swiss are the alabamans of europe in regards to gun culture and control when the reality is the gun laws in switzerland are probably much closer to those states in the us that get derided as communists for their gun laws than to those where you can walk into a walmart or gun show and walk out with a small arsenal no or few questions asked . 
  and i say this as someone who owns a firearm and was taught how to shoot at the age of 4 . 
  imo demonstrations and popular revolutions are just as much a part of democracy as elections perhaps even more so . 
  they 're going to be trading with the us whether they 're in the eu or not . 
  probably more so if they do indeed leave . 
  we could start shooting our government members for treason . 
  that would cheer me up . 
  mass executions on the national mall on pay per view . 
  now that would be entertainment . 
  you mean to tell me trickle down economics does n't work ? 
  next you 'll be saying reagen did n't knock down the berlin wall with a single right hook . 
  of course they 're all different things and i do n't understand why you refuse to acknowledge the fact that when an american says something like `` i 'm polish '' they are not claiming citizenship . 
  of course those who emigrate are no longer part of the societies they left . 
  i already went over that by saying that nobody means that type of phrase in a citizenship meaning but in an ethnic way . 
  that 's just silly . 
  by that logic there would be no chinatowns in every major city in the us . 
  there would be no `` russians '' in countries across eastern europe . 
  there would be no colombians and cubans in miami . 
  no mexicans across the us . 
  do native americans who leave their reservations lose their right to their culture ? 
  i do n't see how losing all claims to your ethnic history and culture for moving to a new country is fair at all . 
  that 's just absurd . 
  integration into a new country = / = relinquishing all rights to your old customs . 
  all this is is the flip side i was talking about . 
  immigrant culture * is * an integral part of american culture and the `` american '' experience . 
  the two are absolutely inseparable . 
  i 'll just leave these here ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:2012_united_states_products_export_treemap.png https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:2012_russia_products_export_treemap.png, 
  a lot of ignorance in this thread . 
  when an american says `` i 'm irish , italian , german '' etc. 
  99.999 % of the time they are referring to their ethnic ancestry . 
  i have never met a single person who uses that type of phrase and uses it to mean their citizenship . 
  it 's an aspect of american english and one that people get pissy and offended over way too easily . 
  are there idiots who take it too far ? 
  yes . 
  on the other hand there are europeans who go too far as well . 
  no i am not a german citizen . 
  i am of german ethnic background and it is important to me . 
  my grandparents spoke german and taught me , i called them opa and oma , the lutheran church in my town had christmas and easter services in german yadda yadda . 
  i have spent time in germany , i have studied there and i speak the language . 
  it is not meaningless . 
  that said , when we talk about this sort of thing people do n't realize that we are * not * `` celebrating '' a culture or history we have no connection to . 
  we are n't as ignorant as people like to think . 
  we 're celebrating those ethnic heritages with an emphasis on the american immigrant experience . 
  it 's also important to remember that some 12.5 % of americans today are immigrants . 
  that 's more than any eu country other than sweden , belgium , ireland and austria . 
  with a population 30 times the size ... as some others have said maybe we are `` compensating for our short history '' . 
  without a doubt that 's part of it . 
  as we so often get reminded 100 years is not a long time by european standards yet good luck finding any building over 70 years old here without googling it . 
  my family came to this country just two generations before i was born . 
  why should i not be allowed to consider myself a part of that history ? 
  3 out of 30 of my family generations have been outside germany and i 'm suddenly no longer of german ethnicity ( not that it really means anything ) ? 
  did my ancestors not fight the romans next to yours ? 
  fight in the great war next to yours ? 
  if you moved to a country would you expect your grandchildren to have no connection to your homeland and that culture and history ? 
  there 's certainly an argument to be made that st. patricks day and the like are farces of those cultures but they 're not really intended as such they 're an american expression of our immigrant past which is so vital to our own american history . 
  you can not separate the two . 
  for every person i see in the us claiming to be some nationality ( which is really not what they 're doing and if you had any understanding of american english you would know that ) i see five europeans complaining about it . 
  what needs to be understood is that immigrant culture * is * american culture . 
   during the two years i spent over in the us , i met quite a few folks who claimed to ` be ' irish or italian ( of ~ descent is a different thing ) . 
  in american english the `` descent '' or `` ancestry '' is implied . 
  i would say bitch is more gendered . 
  if you call a man or woman a whore the basic implication is the same . 
  due to societal reasons though its considered much more offense to call a woman a whore . 
  `` bitch '' has different meanings for a man and woman . 
  when calling a man a bitch it 's usually taken to mean you 're calling him weak or like a woman . 
  if you call a woman a bitch it 's just implied that she 's crazy/mean . 
  how are we ever going to be able to track down 20 kg of colombian booger sugar ? 
  [ disciplne ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=71lft6eqh-y ), 
  europe ca n't even get its nato member states to proper defense spending levels . 
  only a handful even spend the 2 % set down in nato guidelines . 
  what makes you think `` europe '' is in a position to do this ? 
  unless by `` europe '' you meant the uk , france , germany and the others with large arms industries and do n't worry i 'm sure they 're hitting up the ukrainians . 
  no it 's obviously not the same thing because germany is not america . 
  you call it destabilizing i call it coming to the need of a sovereign nation who has shown itself friendly to both the west as a whole and the eu ( who have run for the fucking hills even though this entire situation started in the first place over an eu-russia trade deal not some cia bullshit ) . 
  a sovereign nation who has been invaded by one of the most powerful countries on earth who is nuclear and led by a psychopath ( and trust me i know all too well what it 's like having your country led by those ) . 
  and excuse my coming harsh words but a handful of kias ( relatively ) is not some sort of card you get to play to get out of any discussion of future military spending . 
  over 90 % of iraq war coalition deaths were americans and over 80 % of afghanistan coalition deaths were brits or americans . 
  is that what we should be expecting for any future wars we may fight together ? 
  i agree with everything you say except whose version of vs. russia this is . 
  good luck trying to keep us from the `` fuck up ivan '' party . 
  i 've said it here multiple times and not a single time have i gotten a good response and i doubt this time will be better but here goes . 
  we need to start holding our allies accountable and that means spending your 2 % as laid out by the nato guidelines . 
  only a handful of countries do and to be tossing around all this `` tough '' rhetoric in these uncertain times without addressing the fact that this `` alliance of 28 nations '' is more like a handful of members who can pull their weight and over 20 freeloaders is just meaningless . 
  why should we defend those who will not lift a finger to defend themselves ? 
  i have no issue defending small countries and i think it 's absolutely reasonable that we do n't expect these smaller countries to have to shoulder some huge burden . 
  that being said our alliance is based on the idea of * mutual * defense . 
  if i am going to fight to protect you i want to know that you will be at my side . 
  we need to show unity in these troubled times and that means collectively taking our defense more seriously . 
  not to mention i so often see posts here by people bemoaning the eus lack of power on the world stage . 
  soft power is awesome and nobody wants to see conflict but the fact of the matter is that mankind has been fighting and killing each other since we first started walking this planet and recent events do not make me think this is going to change anytime soon if ever . 
  an integrated eu military force is a good idea and i think would be in the best interests of the eu * and * the united states and the world as a whole .
