  theoretically yes cannabis is still schedule one federally ( no medical value total ban , even research ) . 
  so if they truly wanted to the dea could be raiding these dispensaries in colorado and other places . 
  the political shitstorm that would follow would probably not be worth it . 
  but yeah , there 's absolutely nothing preventing a future administration from pulling a 180 from having a `` blind eye '' until it 's rescheduled . 
  ultimately what will probably happen is enough states will legalize and then the federal courts will begin ruling in favor of legalization . 
  similar to how same-sex marriage has progressed . 
  but ultimately it does n't really matter what state law is once federal law comes into play . 
  federal law will trump state every time . 
  best you can hope for shy of full change is what i said before about the executive branch simply not enforcing the laws on the books . 
  and until said full change comes about you 're in a weird limbo between state and federal law . 
  i hope bp never changes theirs so i can always see their stations easily and never ever go there . 
  i do n't understand why it was illegal in the first place . 
  if you want to box , you 're doing it because you want to . 
  nobody is being forced to fight . 
  if you 're an adult you should have control over what happens to your body , regardless of outcome so long as nobody else is harmed . 
  never the state . 
  we fought a quite bloody war over just that question . 
  at the end of the day , in fact , federal law trumps state law almost every single time . 
  the wiki page he linked though is quite right in that this has remained a contentious topic for the 150 years since . 
  if you pay attention to us politics , as in actually watch and listen to what politicians say rather than just look at headlines , states rights vs. federal rights is brought up all the time . 
  my great-grandparents from my father 's side immigrated from hamburg in the late 1920 's - early 1930 's . 
  they were n't jewish but left for political reasons . 
  my grandfather grew up in a german speaking household . 
  he learned english at school which he attended until 5th grade when he began working on the railroads . 
  he had i think 7 brothers and sisters of which he was the youngest . 
  his oldest brother stayed in hamburg with his family . 
  when war broke out he was in his early twenties and enlisted in the marines in december ' 41 . 
  he originally wanted to join the army but was told by a marine recruiter that the marines was the quickest way to fight japs ( the words used at the time , not mine ) . 
  and so he enlisted in the marines to avoid fighting against germans and potentially family still there . 
  he wound up in the pacific from '42 until ' 46 . 
  fought at iwo jima and guadalcanal as well as some other places . 
  he left my father a japanese rifle and sword as well as his m1 and pistol . 
  i have no idea how he managed to get them home . 
  he finished as a sergeant but never talked about it much and never about actual combat . 
  though from the records of his i 've looked up he saw quite a bit of it which is probably why he never wanted to talk about it . 
  he died when i was young , 60 years and they never heard from the rest of the family . 
  great-grandparents both died in the late '30s so they did n't even see the war which was probably for the best . 
  i did some internet digging a few years back ( well more than a decade after he died ) and found little but what i did confirmed my suspicions that they had died during the war . 
  `` a bit different '' in the sense that the propaganda was n't quite so blatant and that it was an interesting perspective or worldview to see . 
  something being false in fact is irrelevant so long as some hold it as truth . 
  to be fair , us media is pretty shit across the board . 
  rt was also a bit different pre-crimea . 
  but yeah it 's either trolling , idiocy or propaganda . 
  no real way to know which . 
  bit misleading . 
  all males in the us are required to register with the selective service at age 18 . 
  you can technically be fined and imprisoned for refusal to register or refusing draft notice . 
  you also can not receive any federal financial aid for school or college or whatever if you are not registered . 
  it would be more accurate to say there is still registration for conscription and the federal govt . 
  retains the `` right '' to conscript though it has n't been used since vietnam . 
  all this map shows is who 's doing what right now . 
  it 's pretty meaningless to say it is n't `` enforced '' when that could literally change overnight and there are punishments for refusal to register . 
  lol you can confine immigrant news to megathreads . 
  but you ca n't contain the immigrants themselves . 
  strange times we live in . 
  am i allowed to say that within the safe space zone ? 
  yes . 
  leave nato and let us go to the pacific . 
  russians are your problem . 
  we do n't need to commit ourselves to the defense of europe to retain influence or military bases in the region . 
  how common are shootings in barcelona ? 
  i doubt a nonfatal shooting would even make it beyond the news ticker in my city . 
  let alone that big of an article . 
  `` do nothing and blame it on the americans '' same shit different day . 
  funny how when it 's time to assign blame for the shitshow it 's only the fault of america . 
  when we start talking about military expenditures and the lack of european nato support nobody can shut the fuck up about how much europeans helped us out in the middle east . 
  it 's probably a canadian . 
  why else would they say `` north american '' ? 
  if it 's an american they would blast that shit everywhere because hey `` we get to blame an american for something '' . 
  if it 's a canadian they say `` north american '' to leave it ambiguous . 
  yes there will be a nascar track , bruce springsteen and budweiser there shortly . 
  resistance is futile . 
  and meanwhile our own country is flooded with illegals who destroy our labor market and what joke of a welfare system we even have . 
  a fucking quarter of our ** own ** children live in poverty . 
  so let me get this straight , we have tens of thousands of illegals streaming across our own border every month and we decide to go start creating refugee zones in fucking syria ? 
  this country is going to hell in a handbasket and there will be unnecessary bloodshed if nothing changes . 
  they have like 5000 subs to / r/europes 400,000 . 
  what do you honestly think is more likely , that / r/european is brigading or that right wing politics are on the rise because of the current state of affairs ? 
  people like you who ca n't even admit there may be problems are doing more to drive people to the right wing than anything some immigrants do . 
  the us government is not the american people . 
  there absolutely is a `` special relationship '' between american and british culture and people . 
  just as there is with the rest of the anglosphere . 
  pretending there is n't and that the uk gets nothing out of this is just flat out bullshit . 
  that goes two ways . 
  i had never met somebody from another country until i was 18 . 
  i totally agree but i honestly do dig the art style and overall message . 
  i 'd like to see a george w. bush one as well . 
  then do n't respect it and do n't sign it . 
  europeans and european leaders not having balls is not the fault of nor should it be respected by americans . 
  say that that 's what you 're fed up with then , do n't act like every single one of my 300 million countrymen are complicit in that . 
  i think you 'd be surprised how easily americans will join in with your hatred for the us federal government . 
  i do n't feel inferior . 
  i totally understand why people want to protect their local brands . 
  what i * do n't * understand is why people want to take that as an opportunity to talk collective shit about 300 + million people . 
  so because some multi-billion dollar food conglomerates do n't want to rebrand themselves that makes me and my family and everybody i know worthless pleb amerifats ? 
  that 's exactly what i 'm talking about . 
  i say blue jeans and a truck and you think of $ 200 designer jeans and some $ 40,000 full cab luxury truck when i 'm talking about $ 20 levis and a rusted out old chevy . 
  i do n't mind if people dislike my country or me for that matter but i 'd at least like them to properly dislike me for who i am and what my culture actually is than some shit they see on tv dreamed up by rich ivy league fucks in hollywood . 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  if you make it yourself call it whatever the hell you want .
