  do you think i said you could n't ? 
  did you ever stop to think that maybe the dollars invested and dead americans may not be worth it to the * american people * and that my `` bitching and moaning '' is even more directed at my own government than any european ? 
  i can think the us invests too much in nato and our allies not enough without being ideologically inconsistent . 
  nato is a tool of us power projection . 
  european nations benefit from that power projection in the form of the umbrella protection it provides as well . 
  there has n't been a single american nato secretary general and just a single deputy secretary general . 
  you can call it american imperialism all you want . 
  you lot are n't getting nothing out of it . 
  in fact , if anything , european reluctance to invest in their own military forces has contributed to the large us presence in europe . 
  we do n't want to be there , we want to be in the pacific . 
  the level of vitriol and hatred itt just because of cheese is unreal . 
  we do n't know any better about cheese , sure . 
  you lot apparently do n't know how fucking classist you all sound . 
  linking to $ 2 bottles of walmart parmesan meant to be put on cheap spaghetti ( are we allowed to use that word too ? ), 
  and comparing it to chunks of legit stuff that would cost $ 50 + here . 
  we do n't know the difference because we ca n't afford to know the difference . 
  there were plenty of nights as a kid where the only thing i would get to eat was a grilled cheese sandwich made with white bread , margarine and that `` shitty pleb philistine shit '' kraft cheese . 
  because it was dirt fucking cheap and stopped my stomach from growling . 
  get all high and mighty and spit venom over your cheese and wines and whatever , make the companies change the name who cares . 
  maybe you can swing by sometime and tell me all about how my work blue jeans look like shit my truck is a cliche and my wooden home might fall over as well . 
  so sorry to have disturbed you and your sensitive cheese sensibilities honed over many years inside your private cave and villa or whatever . 
  i hope you can find it in you to forgive me , oh glorious one . 
  then go ahead and invoke it . 
  this time around the us/uk play the `` support '' role and the rest of the coalition can `` lead the charge '' and contribute 85 % of the manpower , resources and casualties this time around . 
  which is why i said where * i * live . 
  i was just commenting on the fact that you could get a much larger home on enough arable land to feed your family throughout the year and then some but people choose instead to live in a closet in a city . 
  for $ 360,000 you could probably get a 3,000 + sq ft. house on an acre of land easy where i live . 
  they would respond that yes they do think they could `` win '' but that it 's more about preventing tyranny in their first place . 
  and yes to fight off foreign invaders . 
  but mostly because people like me know if they call the police they either wo n't send someone out or it 'll take 20-30 minutes . 
  as the old saying goes : `` better to be judged by 12 than carried by 6 '' . 
  it always blows my mind how some places have real estate prices so high that a sq. 
  ft. or m. costs more than what i make in a year . 
  some people just have wealth on a scale i ca n't imagine i guess . 
  if it involves driving invaders out of ` murica ? 
  you bet your ass . 
  if there were russians in my backyard i 'd be taking shots at them like everyone else in the neighborhood . 
  but yeah we 're a bit fucked in the head too . 
  rooskies invading the us is a wet dream for millions of americans . 
  i think ivan knows better . 
  fuck them . 
  you throw lead in my direction and i 'll return the favor . 
  would i ever be accepted into any muslim majority country while still retaining my culture , religion , etc. 
  as arab and muslim immigrants to western countries can ? 
  and what kind of good capitalist does n't try to cheat uncle sam out of his cut ? 
  schools are closing all over the fucking country . 
  my old high school just got shut down . 
  what is your point ? 
  who said anything about the average afghani ? 
  it has to do with the military defeat of your adversary . 
  plenty of wars have been won at horrific costs . 
  to the russians or chinese ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  what 's 19th century about not wanting to send your tax money off to some other place and never see it again ? 
  i do n't like sending my tax money down to mississippi and alabama and we 've been in a union for 250 years . 
  i can totally see why brits would want nothing to do with this and eu-zealots attacking anybody who disagrees with them or has the slightest doubts about people a long way from them making political and economic decisions for them is not going to make people want to be in your club more . 
  i do n't like being told what to do from washington d.c. 
  i can totally sympathize with brits that do n't want to take orders from brussels . 
  and in afghanistan they were using shit 30-40 years out of date and still forced us out and the soviets before us . 
  the overwhelming majority of nato is in absolutely no position to start talking about `` debilitated and outdated military forces '' . 
  why would men with uniforms , guns , badges and a willingness to inflict pain ever be afraid of the pacifistic masses ? 
  no i 'm not but the difference is that i at least do n't pretend i am . 
  why are you surprised ? 
  europoors never miss an opportunity to make themselves feel morally superior to americans . 
  a second civil war would not lead to peace and prosperity . 
  this is a dumb joke . 
  you do realize that it was a tongue in cheek essay right ? 
  oh yeah because we were handed the reserve currency by the currency fairy !, 
  do n't you know americans are n't allowed to speak unless they 're pushing some kind of evil imperialist agenda ? 
  it 's federal law ... 
   but really i 'd love to see the united states struggle over decades to qualify for eu accession why the fuck would we want to do that ? 
  banks got bailed out and our communities shriveled up and died and are just now getting back to where they were . 
  wall street fatcats got their golden parachutes and mom and pop got put out on the street . 
  fuck the economy if we 're going to go through this bullshit every generation anyway . 
  the solution is creating actual jobs for kids out of high school and giving them the ability to start learning a trade while still in high school . 
  plenty of kids join up because they just do n't really have any other options . 
  take care of people , tone down the nationalistic and misleading military commercials and stop sticking our noses all over the place requiring us to have so many troops in the first place . 
  there are few good reasons to spend billions to have tens of thousands of troops and airmen stationed in europe . 
  with our logistics today the need for such large bases all over the place there is redundant and you 'd think in a scenario where shit has truly hit the fan our allies would welcome us back en mass anyway . 
   i 'm not as interested in hearing budgetary concerns from other americans . 
  who cares ? 
  you posting a link does n't give you rights over what comments get posted . 
  because reasons . 
  same reasons the police `` ca n't do anything about it '' . 
  such a fucking joke . 
  this is only a couple hundred , what are you lot going to do when they 're there by the thousands and tens of thousands ? 
  because they 're going to keep coming and coming and coming . 
  there is literally no incentive for them to not at least try . 
  especially if there are no repercussions once you make it . 
  yeah , must be horrible having people all over the globe watching every move your government makes every single day . 
  waiting with baited breath to criticize and comment . 
  you guys probably have your elections on every major worldwide news site around the world where people that do n't hold citizenship or have even spent more than a week in your country tell you all about who you need to vote for and why you 're an idiot if you do n't . 
  must be exhausting , no idea how you guys manage to handle that . 
  close . 
  it would get so cold waiting for the bus as a kid in winter that the snot in your nose and the liquid from your eyes would start to freeze . 
  nobody was this happy with us being there until the russians started acting up again . 
  good pay , 3 squares a day , housing and benefits , pension before anywhere as a civilian all to shoot rooskies and save the world ? 
  sign me up . 
  no but anyone that seriously thinks canada will bail on us + mexico for the eu is delusional . 
  who cares ?
