  i hear europeans are fascinated by them ( and our red solo cups ) . 
  i really wish i had vacation time . 
  or at least some paid sick days . 
  it 's not really extra cash for me . 
  i * need * to work that time to keep the roof over my head . 
  did you ever check out uofi ? 
  that 's a couple hours south of me . 
  i 'm very far south chicagoland ( not exactly bumfuck either but right on the edge ) . 
  i 'm right by joliet . 
  why do you have `` two '' in quotes ? 
  last i checked north and south america are different continents . 
  you use `` america '' to refer to two continents ? 
  very very true . 
  that being said , i do n't * get * paid vacation from my employer . 
  if i do n't work , i do n't get paid . 
  the longest i 've ever been able to go on vacation for continuously was 10 days and i had to save up for that for * years * . 
  mostly i get one or maybe two if i 'm lucky vacations a year that are generally only 2-4 days . 
  if i only have a limited amount of time , i want to see the big and the historical . 
  edit : if you do n't mind me asking , where in illinois did you live ? 
  i 've actually never been farther west than iowa :p, 
  and i 've read plenty of europeans claiming the the u.s. is entirely homogenous which is equally as ridiculous . 
  you 're absolutely right that texas-new york is not as diverse as england-italy . 
  i do think that many of you are very much underestimating the diversity in the u.s. 
  well fuck me !, 
  i blame american public education . 
  :p thanks for reminding me about china . 
  edit : i think it 's interesting that the largest european country ( other than russia , do they count ? ), 
  is france at ** 43rd ** . 
  then why are you making the comparison of u.s.-e.u. 
  instead of say u.s.-italy or u.s.-finland ? 
  does european media specify when it comes to the u.s. ? 
  no , no no . 
  we are * not * ( at least i 'm not ) saying that texas-new york is equivalent to ireland-bosnia . 
  what i 'm saying is that most of you are completely underestimating how heterogeneous the united states is . 
  chicagoan here . 
  if you have any questions have at it . 
  yeah , if anybody wants to come visit bumfuck illinois where i live and stare at some corn they 're welcome to . 
  or they could go check out chicago and i would n't blame them . 
  i do n't understand what the deal is here . 
  unless they specifically mean the use of `` doing '' something . 
  which i agree would be weird . 
  i 'd say i `` saw '' or `` went to '' or `` visited '' x , y and z. 
  we 'd say this all the time in the u.s. . as long as you 're going to multiple countries within a continent you 'd be fine saying the continent . 
  if you 're only going to japan you 'd just say japan , not asia . 
  same as with europe , generally it means they 're going to more than one country . 
  well , we 're * one * country . 
  why do you insist on comparing the entire eu to * one * country ? 
  if we 're nowhere near as culturally diverse ( not disputing this , but to say the u.s. is entirely homogenous is absurd ) then why do n't you compare us one on one to countries within the eu ? 
  you ca n't have your cake and eat it too . 
  if you want to refer to north america , you say * north * america . 
  if you want to refer to south america , you say * south * america . 
  if you want to refer to both continents , you say the americas . 
  the u.s. is the only country to have the word * america * in our name . 
  our demonym is `` american '' . 
  you wan na know how i feel about europeans * constantly * comparing the eu to the us ? 
  if you 're all so adamant that the u.s. is one homogenous country , why do you insist on comparing the us ( one country ) to the eu as a whole ? 
  that 's not fair at all . 
  by your own conclusions ( you mainly seem to be in agreement that there is hardly any variety within the 3rd most populous and 4th largest country in the world ) you should be comparing the us and individual european countries . 
  so what 's the best course of action to take ? 
  is there anything the eu can do ? 
  so the servers for europe are located on european soil ? 
  if that 's the case , i do n't see how the u.s. government can justify taking information . 
  jesus christ shut the fuck up . 
  do you know how many of us try so fucking hard to counteract the horrible stereotypes about americans ? 
  just to have some cunt like you come along and take us two steps back in the blink of an eye ? 
  fuck you . 
  now to discuss the article . 
  are these servers located in the u.s. ? 
  i 'm glad you 're calm . 
  calm is good . 
  it just seemed like you were a bit upset at a joke . 
  calm down . 
  i know it always pisses me off in empire total war . 
  i also know it was instrumental for the british in disrupting german supply ships to north africa during world war ii . 
  it was a bad idea to read this thread before my lunch break : /, 
  yeah if you come from europe and think the people who share an ethnic heritage with you are going to share your beliefs you 're gon na have a bad time . 
  eh , i think you need to be careful with that . 
  it really depends where you 're at in the country . 
  i 'm from chicago and the polish , irish and italian populations are huge here . 
  ton of catholics . 
  i also think ( in my experience where i live anyway ) that protestants are more relaxed than the catholics , but the evangelicals are way more hardcore than the catholics . 
  well , he did attack them with a machete . 
  this is good for greece right ? 
  i can just see people having a field day with this in the u.s. 
  where i live , just about everyone owns a firearm . 
  i think most of my friends keep a loaded shotgun in their closet or under their bed . 
  i know most would n't hesitate at all to blow somebody away if they were breaking in . 
  i think most people here are n't really concerned as much about material possessions like you said , it 's just that you never know if the guy breaking into your house is armed or not and most people would rather shoot first and ask questions later . 
  personally , i 'd try to give them a chance to surrender or get out before i pulled the trigger but i would in a heartbeat if i had to . 
  well , if you sell your registered firearm to a criminal and they then use it to commit a crime you 'll end up being traced to the gun and you 'll have some answering to do . 
  if it 's stolen , you report it stolen . 
  obviously there are loopholes and kinks to work out , but people act like because criminals * can * get guns illegally we should n't even bother keeping them from getting them * legally * . 
  so like they just give you money each month ? 
  like food stamps ? 
  wait . 
  so your government will just give you money for being young ? 
  what do you have to do to get it ? 
  there 's plenty of americans on here that are n't into the whole `` europe is better '' circlejerk , but we all learned * long * ago that when these things come up you can take it quietly and ignore it or speak up and get downvoted to oblivion . 
  thank you . 
  i mean ...
