  one thing is for damn sure and it 's that i do n't blame people living in the east one damn bit for being scared and i hope that my government at least gives them any aid they ask for . 
  why take the chance though ? 
  why not spend an extra five minutes of flight time to swing a bit further away and avoid a well known conflict area ? 
  what a cop out , a situation happening literally on europe 's doorstep and the eu has n't done a damn thing . 
  `` world police '' give me a fucking break . 
  til ukrainians are n't european . 
  and you people wonder why a lot of eastern europeans do n't trust you . 
  edit : bring on the butthurt, 
  wow , i do n't know if mr. mikke has ever been to the us but those are words that will get him his ass kicked in much of the country . 
  minimum wage in the us gets you about $ 15,000 a year which i guarantee you more than half of which would be going to necessities . 
  you would most likely be on some form of governmental welfare as well . 
  median wage is about $ 32,000 a year which is livable depending on area but only if you 're on your own . 
  good luck trying to raise a kid with that . 
  not to mention health care costs and the fact that a car is a necesity in 80 % + of the country and you 're living paycheck to paycheck very quickly unless you have very good money management skills which many people do n't . 
  no fucking shit . 
  they 've been deliberately destroying organized labor until the only unions left are government workers and a handful of tradesmen . 
  pass `` right to work '' laws that hamstring the unions that are still left . 
  full steam ahead on privatization and funnel billions into our military industrial complex and the pockets of billionaires while our infrastructure and public works are crumbling . 
  the rich are richer than ever while the working man earns less now than he did in the 1970 's . 
  anybody could have seen this coming and if nothing changes the peasants will revolt . 
  then we 'll just refine it here in north america and sell it to you at markup . 
  either way the refinery already exists . 
  god damn this shit pisses me off . 
  as an american student who 's spent the past 8 years studying the german language and has spent time studying and living in germany and plans to return for future study this is making me seriously concerned about my future studying and career prospects . 
  not to mention all the moral and ethical lines that have been crossed . 
  that 's what i was trying to get at . 
  that 's what 's strange in an unstrange way . 
  i meant the 72 % of americans who have a negative view of russia . 
  i 'm sure it 's similar in russia . 
  it 's strange considering most everyone i know has never met a russian and i 'm sure not too many russians have met americans . 
  the unions are strong in chicago but it 's almost entirely tradesmen and govt . 
  workers . 
  they have a bit of a bad rap for being corrupt though , then again it 's chicago so it 's to be expected . 
  i 'd be interested to see a demographic breakdown of the 72 % that have a negative view in the us . 
  i know there 's a lot of cold war resentment among older folk but it would be neat to see how that 's carried over to millennials . 
  usa has more immigrants than anyone else by far . 
  nobody in europe can complain about immigration now . 
  dat logic . 
  tbf it 's hard to do anything when the republicans have spent the past 6 years doing everything in their power to prevent you from doing anything . 
  overall agreed though . 
  crickets . 
  not going to happen for the foreseeable future . 
  i do n't think that 's a very good comparison . 
  the us constitution does not allow for state religion while israel defines itself as a jewish state . 
  thanks , 
  i got it from the article in the thread you 're commenting on ? 
  the us spends too much on its military and that has little to do with the capabilities of its european allies . 
  however , if european nato nations took our mutual defense more seriously we would not be forced to be the major workhorse of nato in a time of crisis . 
  the us , uk & france ( along with a few others ) should not be solely responsible for the budget and blood that makes up nato . 
  that 's unfair to us . 
  we 're not in a military alliance out of the good of our hearts but for the protection of our nations . 
  why should we agree to defend those who wo n't share the load of said mutual defense ? 
  our military budget and our nato contribution are not the same thing . 
  what 's your favorite ? 
  i 've never had any tea . 
  if you want peace prepare for war or however the old saying goes . 
  agreed , i understand some countries can not spare much money for military spending and we should be very understanding especially towards smaller countries but that does n't change the fact that if you want to enjoy the protection of nato you must contribute according to your ability . 
  if you get in a car with someone for a long trip you should expect to give some money for gasoline . 
  it 's not like we had much support for iraq and afghanistan ( not that i blame anyone in the slightest for that ) . 
  you 'll forgive me if i do n't lose any sleep over the idea of all nato members deciding to skip off because the us decides to reduce it 's percentage of nato contribution from 75 % to something like 60 % where it was pre 2001 . 
  quite frankly i think that idea is more than a little selfish from europe 's side . 
  we are not asking you to charge blindly into our battles for us we are asking you as our allies to take defense more seriously and pull your expenditure weight in our alliance . 
  if we spend all this money on `` defense '' we 're imperialistic bastards and when we want to reduce said investment after a decade of two horrible wars and have our supposed allies pick up a bit of the slack we 're suddenly trying to strongarm europe into supporting our military industrial complex ( also ignoring that more than a couple of european countries can count themselves among the top arms exporters in the world ) . 
  talk about damned if you do and damned if you do n't . 
  good . 
  that does n't change the fact that far too many do not . 
   countries should do what 's optimal for them and consider their current economical state . 
  apparently so unless you 're america and want to reduce your nato contribution . 
  why should america put the best interests of nato members above its own ? 
  if you do n't want to pull your weight and spend your 2 % ( which is perfectly reasonable in my opinion ) then do n't be a part of nato , it 's that simple . 
  if your implication is that americans are being selfish i would ask what exactly we owe europe and how it is we 're the selfish ones when we 're responsible for 75 % of nato expenditure . 
  the last i checked nato was an alliance not a free ride . 
  the us is `` pivoting towards asia '' regardless . 
  is it not our right to decide where our own future interests lie ? 
  that exact logic was widely supported by / r/europe when it was ukrainians deciding to shift towards the eu and away from russia but suddenly when america does it we 're selfish . 
  what does that have to do with members of nato spending what they agreed to ? 
  good , now actually do something about the 24 members who are n't even spending 2 % of their gdp on defense . 
  all my life . 
  there are cattle to be sure but that segment of the agriculture industry is absolutely dwarfed by crops . 
  namely corn and soy . 
  thank you that was very informative . 
  how do the cdu feel about it ? 
  hmm . 
  as an illinoisan i never really thought of colorado and wyoming as being part of the midwest . 
  we 'll take you though , got to bring the pot with you for the `` midwest best west '' party . 
  i would have thought the social democrats and greens would be * for * a minimum wage . 
  aint no cattle in the midwest . 
  only corn and they do n't run . 
  yeah if i ever hear somebody drop the ` a ' it 's always `` merica '' not `` murica '' . 
  mine is the 6th , nobody to celebrate with though as everyone has left town to celebrate : /, 
  or fireworks , hard to tell the difference sometimes when you live in a shit area, 
  when did i say i was doing this ? 
  me thinking one has the right to do such in certain circumstances certainly does not mean i plan on doing anything like that . 
  what are you going on about ? 
  i know but since i live in that state it is relevant to me . 
  when a government does not represent the interests of its citizens it is a citizens right and duty to overthrow that government . 
  we do ? 
  it 's well known that the fbi and cia have targeted americans for their political beliefs . 
  a `` mistake '' . 
  right .
