  what loss ? 
  what are we getting right now ? 
  prove america leaving nato means the end of american global military hegemony and influence within the region . 
  you going to force us out of those bases ? 
  you and what army ? 
  considering we 're the evil fucking empire and whatnot . 
  there are about 5 nato members that spend their 2 % and 3 are non-european . 
  we do n't need shit . 
  we should be pivoting to the east like we 've been trying to do for years . 
  out of 28 members , the vast majority european , fucking almost none even make it look like they give a fuck and those that do are n't in europe . 
  japan & sk are better allies than anyone in europe aside from the uk and they do n't go poking fucking angry bears , run and hide behind our skirts and then stab us in the fucking back while our troops are literally still on their way to the border to be damn near all that 's between russia and the eu . 
  japan holds as much and the largest holders of us debt by far are us citizens . 
  the chinese have also been dumping holdings lately . 
  you 're right though china is more important economically to the us than europe and we should act like it . 
  prove what ? 
  that i do n't want my brother to die in eastern europe to protect a bunch of ingrates that stab us in the back ? 
  what exactly do you want to see ? 
  and another . 
   but if it takes a common eu army to do it so be it . 
  so we should allow that to happen tomorrow while we protect eastern europe from russia today ? 
  fuck everything about that . 
  if you act like it 's an inevitability then why should n't we cut the eus military and economic legs out from under it right now rather than allow it to become an even more serious threat down the road ? 
  yeah , while american boots and tanks are on their way to eastern europe right now . 
  you have thus far failed to give a reason why they should care beyond convincing you their world view is acceptable to you . 
  where did you live in the us and for how long ? 
  yeah , because 2012 was the last election ... take a look at a 2014 map why do n't you . 
  i do n't dislike people pointing out the us is more inward looking , i said that myself . 
  of course , you also ignored my point about the sheer geographical isolation or education standards or the fact that the social safety net is nowhere near what it is in canada or scotland . 
  to say they 're incurious is just flat out false . 
  you 've obviously never been to a bar in bumfuck iowa where someone finds out you 're from xyz country and all of a sudden everybody wants to talk to you and tell you all about their ancestors that came from there . 
  which is just us trying to be friendly , make conversation and establish a connection . 
  why ? 
  because you 're quite likely the first foreigner they 've ever met . 
  i take issue with people who have most likely never been to my country or if they have it 's only to tourist spots in california or nyc telling me all about what it 's like to be a working class american . 
  pull the plug on nato already . 
  all you need to know about the electoral college is that it 's a stupid 250 year old relic that has made our country thoroughly less democratic . 
  and ? 
  why should we ? 
  if you grow up 2000 miles from the nearest coast and almost everybody you know has barely even ever left the state let alone the country why would you care about what goes on in the outside world that much ? 
  they do n't have a passport , damn near everybody they know will live and die in the same little small town they were born in without ever leaving . 
  knowing who the canadian prime minister is does n't put food on the table , knowing a trade does . 
  knowing the capital of some third world country you 've never heard of does n't put shoes on your kids feet , working 50 + hours a week does . 
  throw in the appalling state of public education in much of the country and are you seriously surprised ? 
  this is the reality for millions of people around the country and i 'm so sick and tired of people thinking that automatically makes them bad people . 
  they 're not , it 's just a very insular way of life . 
  you would n't think less of some poor russian in siberia not knowing much about the outside world so why are poor americans in north dakota held to a different standard ? 
  also note i 'm not saying you specifically said this but i see this all the time . 
   the people ( in north , west coast and in the cities ) are left wing , the democrats are centrist , and the republicans are batshit crazy right wing extrordinaires . 
  yeah not even close to true , illinois for example which is considered one of * the * classic `` blue '' states , had every single county but cook go republican last election . 
  or maybe one that 's gotten plenty and does n't like what he sees from supposed allies . 
  and the ones far less `` exposed '' than me still have the same voting rights and i can guarantee you they give far less of a fuck about your feelings or the military security of europe than i do . 
  and what would `` my kind '' be ? 
  americans ? 
  because if you seriously think i 'm some kind of tea-party guy or / r/conspiracy subber you only prove my point of how out of touch with reality having a reddit-only worldview lens makes you . 
  but by all means go ahead and ban me and everyone else that does n't fall in line in the echo chamber circlejerk this sub has become . 
  yes because i 'm sure sanctions will make life such a living hell for the oligarchs running the show . 
  what difference ? 
  so we 're banking on moral high ground now ? 
  so we can pat ourselves on the back about how civilized we are ? 
  our civility and economic soft power has clearly not made crimea any less russian controlled . 
  when economic sanctions cause the russians to march out of the region then you get to call it a moral victory . 
  not while ukrainian blood is still being spilled in their own homes . 
  lol , this is textbook / r/europe . 
  they live in reddit insulated bubbles . 
  they think they know the first thing about american politics because they see reddit headlines . 
  isolationism ( to an extent ) and anti-nato sentiment are arguably the norm in mainstream america no matter how much reddit demographics present a warped view and on the rise recently . 
  but they do n't actually care about the politics or how we live they care just enough to be able to pat themselves on the back about how worldly and knowledgeable they are so long as we keep the movies and tv shows coming and they can think all americans are rich white kids from california or nyc . 
  they do n't give a flying fuck about the many domestic issues we have going on currently . 
  i 've verbatim seen here `` we just need you guys to protect us long enough to sort our shit out '' . 
  yeah , and while we sort ours ? 
  who watches our back ? 
  them ? 
  they do n't even spend their 2 % , there are like 5 nato members that do and 3 are non-european . 
  nothing the eu has done in the past 18 months has convinced me they truly wish continued military cooperation with the us in the long term beyond us acting as unpaid bodyguards . 
  they 've consistently leeched and then sniveled behind our skirts at best . 
  enough is enough . 
  this is exactly the kind of attitude that 's standard . 
  upturned noses , sneers and holier than thou bullshit . 
  if they want to play superpower let them foot their own bills and let them be fully responsible for their defense . 
  nato is not in american long term interests , we ca n't even get them to defend themselves without them rushing about screeching about american imperialism , war-mongering and military industrial complex . 
  because everyone knows nowhere in europe is there any arms industry whatsoever . 
  if they want to stick their heads in the sand and dig their own graves we should let them do it but under no circumstances should we allow them to drag us down with them due to their shortsighted moneygrubbing and irresponsibility and their actions as of late are akin to spoiled brats at best . 
  implying / r/europe is n't already a circlejerk . 
  obviously the `` legality '' of the situation and icj or whatever other bunch of bureaucrats being involved has n't changed the fact that the region is for all intents and purposes russian now . 
  when is europe going to wake the fuck up and realize that regardless of the way it makes you feel inside 2015 is n't any different from the 10,000 years of human history that came before in that might makes right and the law of blood & iron will trump the laws of paper and ink every time if nobody is willing to protect those written words . 
  putin is welcome to try to take alaska . 
  we 're sure as shit not going to wait around for arbitrators or other international bodies if he does either before kicking his fucking shit in . 
  edit : yeah your downvotes change the reality of the situation about as much as your words and papers . 
  ... and we still have spats over state vs federal rights all the time . 
  that 's an issue that gets brought up damn near all the time in us politics if people would actually go deeper than reading headlines just so they can pat themselves on the back about `` knowing '' american politics . 
  and we 're more or less one people with a relatively short and common history . 
  i love how / r/europe likes to circlejerk all the time about how much more diverse europe is than the us and bring up language , cultural , religious , political and other differences that go back millennia and then just act like there wo n't be any friction ever within a truly federalized europe ... 
  he 's welcome to try . 
  did n't work so hot for the japanese . 
  it feels a bit uncomfortable but i do it all the time for my allergies . 
  if you do n't have a college degree , chances are the place you work does n't give you much if any paid vacation . 
  and there are a lot of people without college degrees . 
  my rent is about 900 and i have cockroaches , rodents , leaks and a hole in my ceiling . 
   out of college, 
  that 's a lot of bison burgers .
