  what 's the point of having `` allies '' who turn and run at the mere shadow of russia ? 
  the ukrainians did the same thing in kiev and reddit was nothing but supportive . 
  in my opinion sometimes things get to a point where social rules and acceptable norms go out the window and the people are well within their rights to revolt . 
  perhaps ows grievances were n't severe enough for that to be true but i do n't think it 's okay to say that it 's never acceptable to `` camp out '' . 
  why not ? 
  like you said there 's a line . 
  if the people believe their government has crossed that line is n't it not just their right but their * duty * to do something about it ? 
  if it 's to the point where there are so many people protesting for months on end that public spaces are overrun 24/7 i think the country is facing much larger issues than the inability to use public parks . 
  well , he did just invade a sovereign country under pretty bullshit pretenses . 
  he 's also pretty much eliminated any political opposition in russia . 
  he 's kind of a dick . 
  there is no real left in america . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  i doubt you knew what the irs is before it came up and i doubt you have even the slightest idea how the american political system works . 
  i 'm done with this conversation . 
  scrutiny is fine but not when it applies selectively to people who the government disagrees with . 
  the first amendment guarantees the right to assemble . 
  i do n't care how long they 're there the people have the right to assemble . 
  i 've said twice now that it 's not about tax breaks it 's about irs investigations which can and have led to criminal charges being filed . 
  when tax breaks are only being given to political organizations deemed `` okay '' by the current government who has a vested interest in preventing a political shift i would say that is subversion . 
  we 're also not just talking about tax breaks we 're talking about irs investigations which can `` uncover '' offenses that can lead to fines or even jail time . 
  that is an absolute abuse of government authority . 
  add on top of that we * know * the nsa has been spying on people due to their political views and i 'd say i 'm entirely justified in mistrusting my government . 
  just because you target those on the left and right equally does n't mean you are n't subverting anyone . 
  what the fuck do you know about the american political system ? 
  i did n't say that . 
  i said the united states government is waging a war on the rights of its citizens and i would n't be surprised if other western governments are doing the same . 
  they 're screaming for him to come down harder on russia . 
  pretty easy to do from their situation as they are n't the ones who have to make those gambles . 
  well , we 've just spent trillions on 13 years of continuous warfare . 
  57,614 killed and wounded americans . 
  our infrastructure is falling apart , our education system is a joke , millions are without access to doctors due to a lack of insurance . 
  obamacare is a joke . 
  the average u.s. worker makes less now than he/she did in the '70s while our corporations are making billions of tax free profits . 
  our minimum wage is $ 7.25 an hour . 
  we 're sick and tired of fighting and we 're done with war , something i should remind you that you guys have been giving us shit for for years . 
  you 're damn straight we want our `` allies '' to pick up more of the slack . 
  as far as many of us are concerned we contribute much more to our common defense than anyone else by far and it 's not fair . 
  we understand that as the ones with the most to spare militarily we have a duty to give the most but as our allies you all have a responsibility to us to be able to pull more of your own weight . 
  uh , the irs admitted they were targeting political groups for extra scrutiny based on their name or politics . 
  it 's not the equivalent of what putin does but it 's naive to say there is n't an effort to subvert political opposition in the u.s. nobody can challenge the democrats or republicans and they know it , they 're protected from third parties by the system . 
  the u.s. is absolutely not a bastion of political freedom despite our rhetoric . 
  i would n't be surprised at all if similar things take place in europe but i 'm not knowledgeable enough to bring up examples . 
  they were rounding people up during ows and breaking up the camps . 
  in complete violation of the first amendment of the united states constitution guaranteeing the people the right to assemble . 
  snowden and manning also come to mind . 
  we may not throw people in gulags ( debatable in the case of manning ) overtly but to pretend there is n't a serious war being waged on the rights of the people by western governments is incredibly naive . 
  here in the u.s. it certainly happened with occupy wall street . 
  you know if you want our help it may be a good idea to just lay off the american joke shit for a few weeks . 
  heh , they 've been going on for years about how they do n't have any threats . 
  quite frankly i do n't see the point of having military alliances if our allies ca n't provide meaningful military support . 
  i agree , it 's in the best interests of both the u.s. and europe for europe to be capable of more heavy lifting when it comes to mutual military operations . 
  that 's a european problem , not an american one . 
  you were all so quick to cut ties after nsa came out , i 've been here the whole time . 
  yet now you all start crying for american help when russia is looming ? 
  how many posts have there been in / r/europe bashing people who have pointed out the relative military weakness of europe ? 
  how many times has it been said by you lot that europe has no enemies and nobody to fear ? 
  the top posts here in / r/europe are things patting yourselves on the back with gdp and population comparisons of the e.u. 
  and u.s. you were all so quick to feel good that you have `` more '' than us . 
  we have a saying here in the u.s. `` if you ca n't run with the big dogs stay under the porch '' . 
  you lot have done a lot of barking but now when it comes time for the biting you all come running back to us when you were so quick to run away ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  they were waving ** e.u. 
  ** flags on the barricades in kiev , * not * american ones . 
  we have fuck all to gain from this . 
  ukraine wants to eventually join the eu who is going to be a direct competitor to the u.s. further down the road . 
  this is n't our fight at all , they 're waving e.u. 
  flags in ukraine , not u.s. ones . 
  great !, 
  so you 'll be fine if we sit this one out then . 
  i replied to another person that my findings do n't suggest that we 're responsible for direct military intervention but to support them economically if they 're coerced and to bring any act of aggression by a nuclear power before the un security council . 
  if you have a source that says otherwise i 'd love to take a look at it . 
  if i 'm looking at the correct wiki article ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuclear_weapons_and_ukraine ) it states that what we signed in exchange for them dismantling : `` may be summarized as follows : russia , the uk and the usa undertake to respect ukraine 's borders in accordance with the principles of the 1975 csce final act , to abstain from the use or threat of force against ukraine , to support ukraine where an attempt is made to place pressure on it by economic coercion , and to bring any incident of aggression by a nuclear power before the un security council . '', 
  that does n't seem to me that it implies direct military intervention whatsoever . 
  it looks to me like our responsibilities are to help them if they 're economically coerced and to bring russia before the un security council . 
  unless i 'm missing something . 
  which treaty would that be ? 
  calm the fuck down . 
  am i not allowed to ask a question because i did n't quite understand what / u/player276 was saying ? 
  declare war on who ? 
  unless russia attacks us or an ally why should we intervene ? 
  assuming the u.s. gets involved in the first place . 
  we have extremely little to gain and a lot to lose by taking on russia . 
  if the e.u. 
  wants to do this why do n't you all step up and do it , you 're big boys . 
  why should the u.s. spend our resources and military might on syria so that ukraine can lean toward the e.u. ? 
  if you want russia distracted why do n't you do it yourself ? 
  agreed , we have little to gain and a lot to lose . 
  this is an e.u. 
  vs. russia issue . 
  i like the e.u. 
  more than russia but if e.u. 
  wants to run with the big dogs ( and they do eventually ) i say we let them get a taste . 
  still nowhere near ours . 
  i 'd also argue our economy , infrastructure and population would be able to sustain a conventional war much longer than russia . 
  not to mention that the u.s. would be able to strike russia while it 's doubtful russia could hit u.s. soil unless they went nuclear . 
  except you forgot the u.s. would be right beside you with 100 horse sized ducks . 
  uh , we have a population more than twice the size of russia ( 143,700,000 to 317,000,000 ) . 
  every male over the age of 18 is registered with the selective services , i 'd bet there 's contingency plans that a draft could be put into effect in short order . 
  our technology particularly in the air and at sea is miles ahead of russias .
