  funny , i think a lot of people would love that in the states as well . 
  that does n't mean it has no impact on the context of the discussion . 
  i would say they 're quite right that it 's hypocritical and the fact that the only responses they 've gotten is arguing about semantics kind of proves that . 
  so then why should n't the us bring back every single soldier , aircraft and other piece of equipment back from eastern europe right now and let you all deal with that ? 
  why should we protect you today so you can turn your backs on us tomorrow ? 
  and allowing an endless stream of refugees will do nothing to improve the conditions they 're fleeing from in the first place . 
  people die everyday , that does n't mean we should burn our houses down to keep the neighbors warm . 
  i would rather have a genocide denying turkey which spends its 2 % in nato than holier than thou pacifists who ca n't even manage the bare minimum for decades . 
  then why do n't you open * your * home and pantry and wallet ? 
  heh , but now they meet those `` warmongering imperialist '' american troops on their way east with cheers and parades . 
  how things change when `` war in europe is n't a possibility '' is proved incorrect yet again . 
  had an exchange student from kyrgyzstan back in high school . 
  he was odd , he took a shit in a methodist church parking lot once . 
  i know it 's so insanely hard to keep track of , i 'm half german half scotch-irish . 
  like how the fuck i even manage to tie my shoes in the morning while keeping that massive amount of memory space all tied up on just my ethnic identity i have no clue . 
  you seriously think wolves ca n't get over , under or around fences ? 
  i live in wolf country and though i would never shoot one for sport it 's clear that nobody itt has the slightest clue about how easily or quickly even a lone wolf can fuck up livestock . 
  or pets or you for that matter . 
  can confirm . 
  am american socialist that wants more americans armed . 
  it 's also not like we just decided to all willy nilly just start carpet bombing the fuck out of them for no reason whatsoever the way some people harp on about it . 
  mhmm ? 
  you and what army ? 
  last i checked ramstein is an american air force base . 
  not a german one . 
  there is a very large expat cuban population ( especially in florida ) that are outraged and hate castro . 
  they 've been the most vocal about this and are probably the biggest reason it 's taken so long . 
  they 're a serious voting block in florida which is also a swing state . 
  they will be swamped by american tourists and money . 
  that i can guarantee . 
  at this point everything cuban still has the forbidden fruit thing and nostalgia from the '50s but now you can go there freely . 
  they gon na make some bank . 
  not to mention they 're about to get a full dose of ` murican tv , internet , movies , etc. 
  because this is n't the sort of cultural enrichment they want you discussing . 
  russian aggression ? 
  nonsense . 
  this is clearly a cia coup . 
  if you can lay down 8 grand out of pocket plus time off work you sure as fuck can afford health insurance . 
  yeah because if you 're capable of shelling out the few grand it costs to get to the uk and being able to afford missing enough work to not only travel but be able to undergo a medical procedure and recovery while in a foreign country you obviously ca n't afford to just get health insurance ... 
  because if we play nice with people certain groups do n't have as many boogeymen to get the american people distracted from domestic affairs and pissing their pants and giving up rights . 
  all while funneling trillions of taxpayer dollars through buddy buddy contractor firms . 
  again , you call it a superiority complex and belittling . 
  i call it disdain for those who ignored our pleas for decades and then throw back shit like `` warmongers '' in our face for even daring to suggest they live up to the standards of the alliance they joined of their own free and sovereign will . 
  you say you 're irritated of `` yanks waving their over-funded cocks around '' i say i 'm irritated by allies not taking care of their own shit for decades including not spending their 2 % giving my federal government yet another excuse to approve insane defense dept. 
  budgets . 
  alright , i 'm an idiot . 
  you 're a coward . 
  yeah that 's why our economy is getting better and better and is lightyears ahead of 2008 , and how are things going in the eu right now ? 
   way more modern and well equipped than most nato members are as a bar of measurement that 's next to worthless . 
  agreed , let them be as sophisticated as they want . 
  if they decide to start infringing on our airspace though i say blow those fuckers out of the skies . 
  is that not war ? 
  is france not at war with isis ? 
  it 's all interconnected and has been for centuries . 
  2008 was much more than one or two things . 
  another thing to note is that in the us we more or less avoided austerity . 
  our economy is doing well now all things considered . 
  some states * cough * kansas * cough * went the hardcore austerity route and things are shit there and only getting worse . 
  we have an almost 1:1 ratio of guns : people . 
  and sales are so hot right now you literally ca n't find ammo in some places ( which for us is insane ) . 
  i will suck dick for .22 lr . 
  it 's not the same planet . 
  better to be judged by 12 than carried by 6 . 
  lol and even if they do good luck holding what you get . 
  wet fucking dream to fight the invaders off american soil . 
  bonus points if ruskies . 
  quite often i find imported stuff to be cheaper than domestic crafts . 
  and it was n't a war we started either . 
  my grandfather was in the pacific ' 42 - ' 46 . 
  if those bombs were n't dropped i might n't be here . 
  they started the war and we sure as fuck finished it . 
  `` middle of nowhere '' in the us and most of europe are two very different things . 
  lol `` chill the fuck out and shove 'em up your ass '' is passive aggressive ? 
  again , i did not say that is n't a valid point , i said it 's hypocritical . 
  this would work if i said you have no point . 
  that 's not what i said . 
  i said you do have a point but it 's hypocritical . 
  that 's all . 
  i am * not * saying montenegro should be allowed into nato . 
  but like i said , some people love to talk about technicalities or fallacies or whatever other wordplay you want . 
  facts are facts and the facts are that the majority of nato is in no position to talk smack about military spending expenditures . 
  shoot me for misspelling a foreign word on mobile why do n't you . 
  you ca n't just be happy people appreciate something from your culture without getting all pissy about a harmless misspelling ? 
  chill the fuck out and shove 'em up your ass for all i care . 
  i did n't say that means they should be allowed to join . 
  just that they 're not doing anything current members do n't already do . 
  but you 're right i 've repeatedly been told they 're `` just guidelines '' . 
  my point still stands though , people in glass houses should n't throw stones . 
  you do n't get to preach about the integrity of nato after ignoring your own nato commitments ( sorry , guidelines ) for decades . 
  i understand that but i think my point still stands . 
  if people want to say they 'd be an unnecessary freeloading burden i really want to see who the first ones to be throwing those stones are . 
  yeah if there 's anywhere else in the country it would be nyc . 
  i 'm just more familiar with chicago . 
  we have polish radio , newspapers , tv . 
  my childhood neighbors were the czartorski 's on one side and the grabowski 's on the other haha, 
  nah we actually gave a fuck about that . 
  lmfao so that makes them any different than the overwhelming majority of current nato members in which way ? 
  no no you come and bring your pa\u00e7zki with you . 
  almost impossible to find any outside chicago, 
  i 'm willing to eat at truck stops , i 'm not too picky .
