  however , ask yourself if you think this is truly possible if there are just a handful of nations who actually contribute to such a force . 
  is it truly a `` european '' military force if it 's only british and french equipment and blood ? 
  bottom line is that something needs to change . 
  `` missing '' . 
  my bet is some french policeman is about to have a hell of a weekend . 
  we 're dumbasses for trying to fix a problem ? 
  you throw out all these stats and then come to your predetermined position and boil down extremely complex issues that have been fought over for over a century to `` they 're greedy '' . 
  well done . 
  at least they have nets . 
   for reasons that have no rational explanations at this time , the us and europe have embarked on a concerted program to demonize putin , ostracize russia , and bring the world as close to a major conflict as it 's been since the cold war , a time hardly memorable to many in the current crop of our elected officials . 
  yeah no . 
  poor little putin being picked on . 
  it 's just sad this kind of treatment comes to a leader who has never done anything wrong ever and certainly did n't invade a neighboring country and annex a large chunk of its territory and arm rebels who have terrorized the country and actually shot down a civilian airliner carrying hundreds . 
  none of that happened apparently . 
  give me a fucking break . 
  [ arab money ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcuaw77j8_y ) ? 
  where i live `` cider '' is assumed to be nonalcoholic ( no it is not just apple juice ) and alcoholic cider is referred to as `` hard cider '' so yes you are correct . 
  although i ca n't say if it 's the same everywhere . 
  it really varies wildly depending on the topic of the thread . 
  try playing on expert mode , aka switch your flair to u.s. and be critical of the eu in any way shape or form . 
  there are more ways to assert dominance than to engage in petty arms races . 
  well considering mine was the very first comment in here ... 
  obama will be forced to respond , the republicans have been crucifying him since before the whole plane incident as being too soft . 
  a view that is shared by most polls i 've seen . 
  this is also true but it 's going to take a long time to get all the facts and an investigation is going to be difficult and controversial and it 's already a week since the crash and teams still have n't had full access . 
  this whole thing is going to be controversial , that 's unavoidable at this point . 
  there will always be a tinfoil hat crowd and they will come out of the woodwork en masse just like they do for everything else . 
  there will be a million `` theories '' . 
  evidence has to be iron clad and that only comes with time and thorough investigation ( if ever ) and people are far too impatient for that . 
  i would be inclined to agree with that statement but do n't you think it 's fair to wish to have hard evidence to * prove * it ? 
  you did not call me a putinbot , others insinuated that . 
  i do n't know where you got war with russia from because i do n't think i said you said that . 
  if i did it was a mistake . 
  i do n't think anybody wants war . 
  iraqi wmd debacle has absolutely zero to do with ukraine it has everything to do with me not trusting `` the pentagon '' further than i would be able to pick up the building and toss it . 
  if the pentagon says something they need to be able to show evidence for their claims which is the same standard everyone everywhere gets held to . 
  do you have a source for `` internet sleuths have proven youtube footage to be correct '' ? 
  i 've argued more than once about `` american influence '' in ukraine . 
  all i was saying is that `` the pentagon says '' is not enough and should not be enough for people to believe it . 
  i want to see evidence and articles should be prepared for that . 
  i miss one video of unidentified dudes cruising through what could be anywhere and shot anytime and i 'm being called a putinbot when just yesterday i was being accused of promoting the american military industrial complex . 
  everyone needs to chill out . 
  maybe , i do n't know i 'm not working for putin and if my account was created solely to support putin a lot of time and effort ( and conflicting views somehow ) were put in . 
  i do know that i do n't unconditionally trust the pentagon or my government . 
  i never claimed they do n't exist . 
  there very may well be evidence that i 'm unaware of . 
  but if you make an article with this claim why not have that evidence in there for the inevitable questioning ? 
  the pentagon also said saddam had wmds . 
  where is the proof ? 
  if there are troop/armor movements of that level you would think they would be able to take a picture or have a satellite overhead no ? 
  this classification is actually better for the ukrainian government . 
  it means that both sides are considered responsible for avoiding civilian casualties and for any war crimes . 
  this was not the case with the previous classification . 
  very possible but if that 's the case one would still have to ask what those rebels are doing in ukraine in the first place and who they ultimately answer to . 
  the type of system that has been allegedly used is not the sort of thing you find with a user manual and learn how to use well enough to take down a jet at 33,000 feet overnight ( although apparently not well enough to differentiate between civilian and military targets ) . 
  word it however does n't hurt feelings i do n't care . 
  if the sole counterargument to my points are `` the way you 're talking offends me '' i 'm not being proved wrong and the discussion is not being forwarded . 
  as long as you understand that . 
  nice sentiment and all but that still does n't address my main point . 
  being that any talk of war is just plain silly when we have n't even come close to exhausting other options . 
  it seems like all that ? 
  it is like that . 
  i could n't tell you how many times i 've been ripped to shreds for even suggesting our supposed allies even spend the paltry 2 % of gdp on defense which is a part of being a nato member . 
  then a long list of why sanctions could n't possibly be put into place . 
  so tell me exactly why i should take war talk seriously when little action has been taken by the majority of our allies ? 
  why should i be interested in warhawking when i can tell you right now which nations * would * end up shouldering the brunt of a possible war and let 's not dance around that subject . 
  there 's always been a large far right movement in the us the problem is they 're in a million different little groups . 
  the most famous example being the ku klux klan who are still around and one of the largest groups but nowhere near the numbers there used to be and they 've also had several fractures . 
  there are plenty of `` militias '' ( armed btw ) across the country and to say there are more than a few that are heavily political would not be incorrect . 
  ha i could take this talk of war more seriously if countries even came close to their 2 % nato commitments . 
  but when i bring that up i get accused of trying to promote the american military industrial complex . 
  and i could just as easily turn around and accuse you of being some euro-fetishist . 
  what did i say that was stereotypical ? 
  is / r/europe only allowed to be a circlejerk echo chamber now ? 
  did i miss that memo ? 
  like i said in another comment , all talk of war is fucking retarded when economic and diplomatic means have hardly been tried let alone failed and all other means exhausted . 
  i 'm not hurr durr murica freedom jacking off here i 'm criticizing and i was under the impression everyone here were big boys and girls and could handle that but apparently by the level of butthurt i 've caused i was mistaken . 
  global research was founded by the son of a russian , is a favorite commenter on rt and is certainly not unbiased . 
  the second is the same old yadda yadda the west are hypocrites . 
  the third is the same old same old yadda yadda the ukrainian govt . 
  is illegitimate and the whole thing was an american coup . 
  a point i 've responded to multiple times and do n't have time to copy paste my response but that is a ridiculous and totally unfounded assertion . 
  of course both sides are slinging mud but i have yet to see any us government propaganda that comes close to what the russians are putting out . 
  and let 's not forget that regardless of what 's said actions are what really matter and the russians are the ones squatting on ukrainian soil right now not americans . 
  they 're classified as a hate group by the southern poverty law center and the anti-defamation league here in the states . 
  the two founders were also quoted and cited in anders behring breivik 's anti-muslim manifesto . 
  paid for by the american freedom defense initiative . 
  aka sioa ( stop islamization of america ) . 
  classified as a hate group by the southern poverty law center and the anti defamation league . 
  the two founders were quoted and cited at length in anders behring breivik 's anti-muslim manifesto . 
  fuck them . 
  well , i kind of did but okay ... 
  yes , it 's a major reason ( among others ) why i stopped going to / r/socialism a long time ago . 
  i never said the united states does n't . 
  and yet not a single person has been able to give me a specific example of american propaganda regarding the situation in ukraine that is on this level . 
  they just keep dancing around it . 
  of course putin is by no means a leftist government . 
  which is exactly why i said i 'm not blindly jacking off to him like so many socialists are . 
  okay , so how does that refute my point that saying the statement `` if the us backs * us * up '' is ridiculous considering we 're some of the few who have done anything so far ? 
  that 's not an example .
