  but the afghan people have been involved in near constant warfare since the 80s . 
  they know what they 're doing . 
  the last time a war was fought on u.s. soil was over 150 years ago . 
  i 'm not saying a few pockets of isolated resistance might not be able to hold out , but your average joe would be flattened in half a second . 
  the main point i was trying to make was that i just ca n't see your average u.s. soldier going along with active oppression of the american people . 
  at the top , sure . 
  but it would take a hell of a lot of convincing to get your average g.i. 
  on board . 
  the nra has just been able to bullshit so long and so well . 
  they 've convinced people that the more heavily armed everyone is the safer we all are . 
  it 's madness . 
  i 'd argue it was a bit of both . 
  you 're right about distrust in the military . 
  as far as i can tell in the opinion of the average american our military can do no wrong . 
  i agree . 
  i would love to be able to have options other than the democrats but in our system it 's either them or the gop and i ca n't in good conscience vote for them . 
  in your opinion do you think we would benefit from a multi-party system ? 
  i 'd like to think it would make coalitions more likely and practical . 
  right now we 're just butting heads but perhaps if we went the other route it would allow groups to support each other on certain issues and oppose each other on others . 
  trust me i know . 
  when you consider how much americans ( generally speaking ) love to boast of being the `` land of the free '' and then there 's this ... 
  it 's rather sad and pathetic . 
  trust me i know . 
  it 's also absurd when you look at statistics . 
  here in the u.s. you are far more likely to be killed accidentally by your own gun in your own home than you are to ever use it to defend yourself or family . 
  trust me i agree with the majority of what you said . 
  i am unfortunately in the minority over here in the states . 
  when they claim the second amendment is intended to allow for the overthrow of an oppressive government they are correct . 
  that is what it was intended for back then . 
  there was a huge amount of distrust towards the government , a trend that continues today . 
  people fail to realize that they and their buddies hiding out in the woods with their ar-15s would last about 2 seconds against the united states military . 
  furthermore i just ca n't see our military being ok with the mass killing of u.s. citizens . 
  our soldiers primarily come from middle and lower income groups which presumably would be the exact groups rising up against an oppressive government . 
  as far as firearms in the home go i personally have no issue with someone keeping a handgun or hunting rifle in their own homes ( provided it is properly secured ) . 
  you are right about how we would n't need weapons for self defense if there were n't so damn many of them . 
  that 's exactly the problem though . 
  even if you banned all production of firearms as a country we still have an absurd amount of guns . 
  they 're already out there and there is no good way to get them all back again . 
  i can also tell you the whole `` the government is coming for our guns '' narrative is huge here . 
  there 's plenty of people who buy into the `` you can have my gun when you pry it from my cold dead hand '' bit as well . 
  i just do n't see a good solution here . 
  in my opinion we 're screwed . 
  europeans , for the love of god do n't allow your nations to became as saturated and as obsessed with guns as america is . 
  no worries  it 's very complicated and i probably messed up a bit of it anyway . 
  ah that makes sense then . 
  i still ca n't believe california has n't outlawed it yet . 
  i disagree . 
  about the constitution anyway , i could care less about the bible . 
  i believe it is important to uphold and defend our constitution , it is what gives us our rights and freedoms after all . 
  i consider myself to be a liberal . 
  i think it 's important to remember that we * can * modify our constitution and have numerous times in the past . 
  it is also vital to remember the circumstances under which our second amendment was written . 
  your average settler needed a firearm to provide food and for protection . 
  this was also the era of black powder muskets . 
  we had just fought a war against great britain and as i 'm sure you recall one of our major issues was british soldiers being forced on us . 
  we were very distrustful of a standing professional army . 
  there is no way our founders could have foreseen the advent of things like machine guns or even semi-automatic weapons . 
  it fit for the time in which it was written . 
  today we live in a very different world . 
  i believe a person does have a right to defend themselves and their family within their home . 
  i do * not * however buy into the idea of private citizens owning military grade weapons . 
  i see nothing wrong with keeping a handgun or a hunting rifle in the home ( provided it is properly secured ) . 
  i also think things like background checks , licensing , education and mental health checks to be common sense and should be implemented across the board . 
  as far as i 'm aware reservist do not keep their weapons at home . 
  generally speaking ( i am no expert on this however ) if you 're in the `` guard '' you are a civilian most of the time and then go for training once a month . 
  however you can be called to active duty which is happening more often due to a lack of personnel in our regular armed forces . 
  usually they assist with natural disaster relief . 
  assuming we were ever invaded they would be called to active service . 
  in the past they 've been used to deal with things like riots and protests , like at kent state university where in 1970 guardsmen fired into a crowd of unarmed university students peacefully protesting the vietnam war , killing 4 of them . 
  i thought it was on a state by state basis ? 
  as far as i am aware my state ( illinois ) has outlawed capital punishment . 
  american ( u.s. ) here . 
  puerto rico is a u.s. territory . 
  people born there are u.s. citizens . 
  they do get to send representatives to our house of representatives and senate to voice their opinions but they do not get a vote . 
  puerto ricans are u.s. citizens but are actually not entitled to all the rights a u.s. citizen on the mainland has . 
  on a side-note puerto rico voted in the last election to become a u.s. state . 
  congress has never denied a u.s. territory the right to become a state when that territory meets all requirements for statehood and has been voted on by the people of that territory in support of statehood . 
  so puerto rico will in all likelihood become the 51st u.s. state very soon . 
  they will gain seats in our congress but will also now have to pay federal income taxes ( which they currently do not ) . 
  are there any differences when it comes to puerto rico vs. tahiti ? 
  or is it essentially the same situation ? 
  valid point . 
  i just had to take one of these in my modern european history class . 
  the balkans and eastern europe got me :(, 
  chicagoan here . 
  irish , german and polish ancestry is a big deal here . 
  tv stations in the language and tons of ethnic fests . 
  generally if you go to someones home you can figure out what their ethnic background is fairly quickly . 
  damn straight . 
  american here . 
  the majority of us think of britain as our much classier and all around awesome older sibling . 
  and end up with another neoliberal corporate whore . 
  social change ala same-sex marriage and marijuana legalization . 
  yet no economic change . 
  at the end of the day that 's the driving force for most people . 
  sanders and warren are both keeping me interested . 
  i think i would vote for either . 
  someone else said that the right will call whoever runs against them a socialist so we may as well run an actual socialist though warren and sanders are n't exactly first in line at the marxism club ... 
  but if we end up with clinton v. bush 2016 i will vote third party no matter what .
