  step up your police brutality game portugal , shit 's embarrassing . 
  i did a lot of stupid shit when i was his age . 
  i never quite got to killing four people and maiming 250 + others . 
  he came to our country to escape violence and then turned around and brought it to our streets . 
  if you come to the us and try to kill americans , we will kill you back . 
  fuck him . 
  i 'm glad he 'll wake up one day and know it will be his last and then watch a clock tick away the last seconds as he 's strapped to a gurney . 
  if he wanted to die he had plenty of chances while he had a gun in his hand . 
  anybody itt or elsewhere saying he should n't be executed does n't understand what a federal supermax prison is . 
  putting him down like a rabid dog is far more humane than being in a concrete cell on 23 hour lockdown for the next 60 + years . 
  ca n't really say i 'm going to lose sleep over it . 
  you come to the us to escape violence and oppression and then turn around and bring it here i have no qualms about killing you right back . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tgqrgt15f9u relevant considering the past couple weeks . 
  putting him down like a dog and moving on with our lives is far more humane than 60 years in federal supermax anyway . 
  http://d4nl71lnqznpy.cloudfront.net/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/ig-supermax.jpg i know i would go insane . 
  and ? 
  eventually there is nowhere to run . 
  you act like no place has ever been successfully invaded before . 
  so i 'm not wrong . 
  just the way i say it . 
  got it . 
  you disagree ? 
  what is it you disagree with ? 
  like i said , if there is no civilian population to support them , an insurgency can not survive . 
  i respectfully disagree . 
  we could have sent far more men and material than we did . 
  one of the biggest issues military brass had with the way the war was being fought was that they were being held back by the politicians instead of being allowed to go find and destroy the enemy . 
  and now imagine instead of constant patrols through the brush and coming and going through villages we instead burnt it all to the fucking ground and slaughtered every man , woman and child that stood in our way as we were and are perfectly capable of doing . 
  there would be no communists in vietnam if there is nobody in vietnam . 
  that is my point . 
  we could make hitler and the nazis look like childs play if we put our minds to it . 
  the logistics and specifics are not the limiting factor . 
  inb4 autistic redditors think this is what i 'm saying we * should * do instead of what we * could * do . 
  oh i do do i ? 
  or do you mean the us federal government wants to babysit europe ? 
  that i could get on board with . 
  they like babysitting americans as well . 
  how does this change the fact that the only thing that changes that is europe taking more military responsibility for itself ? 
  this is the first i 'm hearing that the us feds control european budgets . 
  crazy how that 's not on any of the media outlets you 'd think that would be big news . 
  yeah , a bit of difference between a 30 m north korean sang-o sub and an american nuclear powered 170 m ohio class . 
  that 's a very valid point and i agree that the mali thing is often overblown . 
  i do think though that there is a very good argument to be made that many western countries have neglected their military forces for decades and it 's currently biting them in the ass . 
  us does n't want to have to babysit europe . 
  europe does n't want to be babysat . 
  unfortunately the only thing that will change that is europe opening its wallets and so far they have been content to be babysat . 
  uhh , idk about you but that 's pretty much the exact angle the recruiters back in school went for . 
  along with `` make more money than any of your friends will for the next 4 years and be able to get the hell out of bumfuck usa and see some of the world . 
  also : guns '' . 
  because we restrained ourselves . 
  we could have turned the entire place to ash and then squatted on the skeleton pumping up the oil . 
  we could have made shock and awe look like nothing . 
  we lost that war because we fucked around with `` hearts and minds '' . 
  if we had gone in `` rome style '' there would be nobody left in iraq to contest our presence there . 
  same with nam . 
  we are not limited by logistics or munitions . 
  we are limited by our morals and public opinion . 
  thankfully we just `` lost '' the war instead . 
  deport them to sweden and let them deal with it . 
   europe needs some sort of protector . 
  funny how the supposed evil imperialist americans are the ones who have been telling you for years to fix your shit and got called warmongering military-industrialists . 
  even though doing so would make eu members more equal partners within nato rather than the current state of affairs . 
  funny how everyone wants to talk about `` carving your own path '' until it comes time to start spending . 
  there are no threats uncle sam wo n't take care of after all right ? 
  people are content to be unequal partners as much as they like to screech otherwise . 
   ca n't we just forget all our squabbles at least for one day ? 
  you bring the vodka and women . 
  we 'll bring the fried chicken , cornbread and guns . 
  national lampoon 's european vacation - 1985, 
  hopefully the `` give no fucks '' lame duck obama continues on trucking . 
  probably will happen sometime this year or early next before he leaves office . 
  do you guys want to borrow some texans ? 
  which is exactly why so many people are saying we need to do that now . 
  that costs a lot of money and things are tight right now . 
  this is no different from owning a house , you need to maintain it and we 've neglected it for too long . 
  i 'm saying i would rather us concentrate on doing that before we start dumping millions to improve african infrastructure . 
  we tried this in iraq and afghanistan . 
  you ca n't just make it all for them and then hand them the keys . 
  maybe the uk should donate hundreds of millions of pounds to us public schools so american children can learn all about globalized economics . 
  if you do n't do this your nation will fade into obscurity and have no working relationship with the entire world let alone the us . 
  you 're not `` selfish '' are you ? 
  that 's your prerogative . 
  that does n't mean that people who are armed are monsters . 
  people have guns . 
  people will kill people . 
  i want to be able to defend myself and my family and refuse to be labeled a criminal for it . 
  nobody can decide if the swiss should have the right to arms other than the swiss . 
  and yet if we do exactly what you 're suggesting , exactly like the chinese are . 
  bleeding hearts like you will be the first to screech about `` american economic imperialism '' . 
  african nations are welcome to be chinese puppets if they want . 
  like i said , we have the atlantic . 
  i 'll start worrying when the us air force and us navy are n't a thing . 
  your assertions that we need to throw billions at africa just to have relations with them is absurd . 
   i doubt i can appeal to you on humanitarian grounds no , you can not . 
  because plenty of american children do n't have a roof over their heads or food in their bellies or a book in their hands . 
  fucking 20 % of our children are growing up in poverty . 
  if you want to be mr. humanitarian you go right ahead . 
  nobody is stopping you . 
  i refuse to be labeled racist or cold-hearted or what the fuck ever just because i want my tax dollars taking care of my fellow countrymen who have the lowest standards of living in the developed world before we start playing world police / superhero . 
  did nobody tell you ?
