  should we now free anyone serving time for crimes committed before 1970 ? 
  assuming it was a mistake and all . 
  well said . 
  i was referring to the general reaction any sort of second amendment defense was getting here in / r/europe . 
  i 'm not trying to imply the us government is too weak to hold power . 
  i 'm telling you that if you legislate stricter gun control there will be violent outbursts that will lead to blood being shed . 
  i 'm quite unsure why it is that you think i believe these things i 'm telling you . 
  i 'm explaining to you that there are millions of people who do believe these things and that they have access to serious weaponry and will react violently if they feel they are threatened . 
  you can not reason with them . 
  what is it you do not understand about that ? 
  i did n't ask shit and i did n't come in here to call anyone stupid i came here to give my perspective , what 's the value of having an echo chamber or are you incapable of having your beliefs questioned ? 
  i would wager a guess that in reality my and your individual beliefs are not too far off , that being said there are many who would vehemently disagree and i doubt you 're going to get that kind of viewpoint from the average / r/europe browser . 
  how much time did you spend in the bible belt pray tell ? 
  or was your vacation to nyc and la fabulous ? 
  a minor incident ? 
  they fucking shot 13 unarmed students . 
  if you 've been paying attention to anything that 's been happening since 2001 you 'd know the us government has no issue with civilian casualties and does n't really give a damn if you 're a us citizen or not ( if you are they 'll just hide it better ) . 
  it leaves a bad taste in my mouth . 
  you think they would n't ? 
  ask the students at kent state how that worked out for them . 
  or the people of egypt , ukraine or anywhere else . 
  you bet your ass they will , they 've done it before and they 'll do it again . 
  your argument is that the government will do you no harm ? 
  do you have any idea where that sentiment will get you over here in the us ? 
  you 'll be laughed at . 
  you can call me whatever i want , i do n't give a damn . 
  i do care about you putting words in my mouth . 
  you can use `` you '' to not mean me specifically but i ca n't ? 
  you never answered my point either . 
  which is that in the current political climate any attempt at legislation will result in a large and armed group of people feeling that they are being persecuted . 
  whether or not that 's accurate is irrelevant . 
  if these people feel they are threatened i can assure you they will react and some may react violently . 
  that 's the reality of the situation and it 's easy to sit on your computer in europe and explain to us all these simple solutions . 
  oh for fucks sake i could dye my hair pink and wear drag if i wanted to make people feel uncomfortable . 
  if i can drink a beer and then legally walk outside that makes me `` less aware of my surroundings '' should that now be illegal too ? 
  if it makes them feel less safe is that for them to decide or the state ? 
  do you want to come here and try to explain all that to some backwoods alabama hicks ? 
  generalizing obviously but quite frankly you have no idea what you 're dealing with here . 
  i never claimed gun control is all or nothing . 
  i never claimed we do n't need mental health checks . 
  the point is it means something to people . 
  rational or not it does n't really matter . 
  what matters is these people are armed and are not going to react well to any sort of legislation that they think infringes on their rights . 
  the fact that you think i 'm some sort of conservative , raving gun nut just shows that you have absolutely no idea what kind of people you 're dealing with here . 
  people have done more with less , our ancestors were repeatedly told they had no chance against the most powerful army in the world after all . 
  your argument that we 'll all die and not get anywhere is never going to sway people so you know . 
  you 've obviously never seen a `` from my cold dead hands '' bumper sticker or t-shirt . 
  i 'm not a conservative and i 'm not a gun nut . 
  i simply think an overturning of the second amendment would be completely outrageous and would spring a hundred armed insurrections within a week . 
  i doubt there 's a single action in the united states that could cause * more * violence than the repeal of the second amendment . 
  i would argue there 's never been a time in american history when the people should be more fearful of their government than now . 
  should i honestly trust the federal government ? 
  after all the shit they 've pulled in the past 10 years ? 
  the technology is different but i fail to see how that 's relevant . 
  i do not own drones and attack helicopters . 
  machine guns and howitzers . 
  i also do not own a black-powder smooth-bore musket . 
  there 's an awful lot of hyperbole being thrown around in this thread , especially coming from people who quite frankly do n't know what they 're talking about in regards to firearms . 
  from my experience ( remember , i was 12 ) i had to attend a class for a few hours and fill out paperwork and submit to a background check . 
  it came in the mail about 30-90 days later and i was good to go . 
  it 's valid for well over 10 years as well i believe . 
  mine does n't expire until 2018 and i certainly was n't 12 in 2008 . 
  in my opinion it is a bit of an inconvenience yes but if you ca n't be bothered to wait 30-90 days before buying a firearm imo you do n't have the patience or maturity to be entrusted with one in the first place . 
  illinois and particularly chicago get derided a lot for our gun laws but i think if the entire nation adopted a foid like system we 'd be much better off . 
  some more from our founding fathers : `` a free people ought to be armed . '', 
  - george washington `` no free man shall ever be debarred the use of arms . '', 
  - thomas jefferson `` to disarm the people is the most effectual way to enslave them . '', 
  - george mason `` the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed . 
  a well regulated militia , composed of the body of the people , trained to arms , is the best and most natural defense of a free country . '', 
  - james madison `` the constitution shall never be construed to prevent the people of the united states who are peaceable citizens from keeping their own arms . '', 
  - samuel adams just a bunch of 18th century trite though , according to the people here . 
  not like it 's an issue that has a history as old as the nation itself or anything . 
  not like it 's something that has been an integral part of our constitution for 250 years . 
  not like our founding fathers ( who in the eyes of americans are nearly mythical ) did n't make their opinion on the matter known . 
  we already have national guard units who swear loyalty to their states and to obey their governors . 
  citizens already are allowed to form militias and they do exist if you know where to look . 
  quite frankly you 're talking out of your ass because if you had any idea what people consider `` just a rifle '' here you would n't have said `` more sophisticated weaponry than rifles '' . 
  you do realize i could come up and slit your throat with `` just a knife '' right ? 
  every citizen has the inherent right to arms . 
  that is a right you will never take away from the american people . 
  so we should just roll over and die or be enslaved then ? 
  why on earth should i agree to relinquish a ** right ** that my father has , that my grandfather had that his father before him had and so on throughout this nation 's history ? 
  a right that was deemed so important by our founding fathers that it was second behind only freedom of speech , religion , press and assembly ( all wrapped into one ) . 
  simply because `` i would n't last five minutes '' ? 
  as someone else said it 's the principle of the matter ; a matter which has a very long history here in the us . 
  i am also from illinois and got my foid card when i was 12 . 
  i do n't understand how saying that `` only some muslims '' means they are no longer entitled to practice an aspect of their religion . 
  i was raised methodist and we used grape juice instead of wine during our communions . 
  could they be forced to use wine because they 're `` only some christians '' ? 
  how do you define something as being solely `` cultural '' or solely `` religious '' when quite often there is serious overlap and often the two are indistinguishable . 
  well depends on what your definition of political entity is . 
  the most famous date is the actual declaration of independence which was july 4th , 1776 . 
  however at that time i believe ( and i 'm nothing more than a hobbyist historian ) the 13 original states considered themselves 13 independent sovereign states . 
  the articles of confederation in 1777 established a weak government . 
  the united states constitution was ratified in 1788 . 
  i think for your comparison the articles of confederation would be what you 're looking for . 
  it 's important to note just how weak the government was though and how hot the battle of states rights vs. federal rights raged . 
  in fact that fight directly led to our bloody civil war and continues to rage , albeit a bit more cooled , to this day . 
  it would also be important to note that there was still six years of war to come when the articles of confederation were ratified . 
  with the [ coinage act of 1792 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coinage_act_of_1792 ) if you were n't just asking a rhetorical question .
