  for me that line is continuing hostilities and acting in an openly aggressive manner . 
  any attack on any nato member is the same as an attack against americans on american soil imo . 
  we 're not going to back down . 
  so that 's something they should think of before deciding to try anything . 
  that 's not exactly our fault . 
  the distances and logistics involved to move large quantities ( easily millions of soldiers ) are immense . 
  the difference between the past and now is that now there is already a firmly established american military presence in europe . 
  i do agree though that europe needs to step up their game though , that 's in your hands . 
  if the rooskies killed american boys who were in friendly territory we 'd be baying for their blood . 
  you 're a fucking idiot . 
  russia can bluster and threaten all they want but if they go after nato we 'll call their bluff . 
  the whole `` has more nukes '' argument is fairly limited considering both of us have enough to destroy the entire planet many times over . 
  i do n't see why russia would have any cause to use nuclear weapons provided we do n't back them into a corner because they can expect retaliation if they do . 
  that makes sense . 
  there 's got to be air bases in alaska and the pacific though . 
  plus our navy . 
  would definitely be a two front fight . 
  could an airborne assault theoretically come over the north pole from airbases in say north america ? 
  no just in a good mood and trying to work on being less confrontational . 
  i 'm a dick a lot too . 
  just like everyone . 
  i apologize if i misinterpreted your argument . 
  i totally agree with you on that , but do n't you think jumping straight to marching on the pentagon is a bit much ? 
  so the only serious protests to you are the ones where the protestors have a death wish ? 
  how do you take yourself seriously ? 
  march on the pentagon ? 
  are you stoned ? 
  that 's how i thought it was . 
  i thought countries just printed their own with their own famous people/places on them but it 's still acceptable in other countries . 
  speaking of european money fuck the swiss and their francs . 
  there were large anti-iraq war protests ... that was also a decade of continuous warfare ago . 
  i do find it very interesting that a dutchman is an expert on american anti-war sentiment and civil unrest . 
  that 's a crock of shit if i 've ever heard one . 
  the fact that there was such overwhelming negative public response to possible intervention in syria proves that . 
  this tired narrative of `` americans do n't ever stand up for themselves '' is a load of shit . 
  crack open any american history book and you 'll see countless examples of demonstrations , protests , riots and even rebellions . 
  there is absolutely * not * a lack of attempts , there is a lack of success . 
  your defeatist attitude does absolutely nothing other than perpetuating the status quo . 
  you raise good points . 
  my main concern is that supplying ukrainians with u.s. military hardware will directly escalate the conflict to where it does spill into all out war . 
  i think the ukrainians would get flattened if they have our guns or not . 
  i 'm not saying i would be opposed to military aid to ukraine ever but i think that 's something that should remain in our pockets until diplomatic and economic means are utterly exhausted . 
  but like i said our leaders have totally failed us on that front . 
  it 's been a long time since i 've had euros in my hand but i thought each country printed some of their own with famous faces/places from their country on them ? 
   how about you get your head out of your ass and stick to the us that 's such a bogus thing to say . 
  we 're living in the dawn of the age of globalization . 
  why should n't we take interest in what 's happening around the world ? 
  also , believe it or not many americans who are subbed to / r/europe do so because they 're involved in business in europe in some way or another and what happens in europe * does * affect us . 
  that goes both ways because of globalization like i said . 
  do we have a moral obligation to help ukraine ? 
  i would say yes . 
  but morals only get you so far . 
  this is not a black and white issue . 
  you do n't get to wave a wand and force russia to back off . 
  if we commit militarily to ukraine , things could get very ugly very fast . 
  military options should be an absolute last resort and from my perspective it seems far too many people , including mccain , have been much to quick to shout for military action . 
  this situation is still very new relatively speaking , as democracies we move slowly and serious economic and diplomatic sanctions have n't come forward yet . 
  i will agree that we 're being far too soft but imo we need to thoroughly exhaust economic and diplomatic means before resorting to military means . 
  our western leaders ( damn near all of them really ) have let us down by being too soft . 
  we should push for more aggressiveness yes , but in the economic and diplomatic arena . 
  if we give the ukrainians guns what 's to stop the russians from arming any country that 's anti-us and there 's not exactly a shortage of people who dislike us . 
  this can be handled through economic sanctions . 
  russia may hold crimea at the moment but if we hit them and hit them hard with sanctions and keep up the pressure for as long as it takes they 'll be forced to withdraw or face economic collapse . 
  the problem with that is that nobody is willing . 
  but i do n't think that means we have to involve ourselves in a proxy war . 
  the negative consequences that could result from that far outweigh losing crimea to russia . 
  so we should get into a proxy war with russia is what you 're saying ? 
  while they were also robbing us blind and sending our sons to die for their profit margins . 
  it 's not that we do n't have the military or economic strength it 's that after 13 years of continuous warfare we 're pretty war weary . 
  no worries . 
  it was a fucking joke . 
  obviously nobody is seceding . 
  tbh it was n't an issue until nsa/ukraine . 
  unless you were being sarcastic . 
  if texas wants they can fuck right off and take the rest of the bible belt with them . 
  i was just wondering if trucks burn more fuel because they get bad gas mileage . 
  i do n't know how emissions work . 
  would trucks getting much worse gas mileage make a difference ? 
  i do n't know too much about emissions . 
  that was n't my point though . 
  but we have pickup trucks which run on diesel . 
  a * lot * of pickup trucks . 
  revolution is possible in any country . 
  history has proven that time and time again . 
  certainly not impossible . 
  to me the idea of having to get government approval to protest just seems counter-intuitive . 
  and that 's not intended as a slam against russia because it 's the same way here . 
  not the point i was trying to make but okay . 
  yeah fuck me for not wanting to spend my life on red dit arguing . 
  i was throwing in the towel . 
  i 'm not going to change his opinion so i 'm not going to waste my time and energy trying . 
  involve ourselves in crimea and we 're warmongers . 
  distance ourselves and we 're turning our backs on nato/eu/ukraine . 
  fuck everyone . 
  you could have the strongest armies in the world and it would n't matter until you figure out a way to get past the us navy and us air force . 
  the largest air force in the world is ours , the second largest airforce in the world is our navy . 
  one carrier is the most powerful air force in the world on its own and we have 11 . 
  unless there 's a plan to build a bridge across the atlantic we are isolated . 
  obviously we prefer to have the biggest stick . 
  the fact of the matter though is that if we ca n't count on our allies to be able to defend themselves they 're dead weight at best .
