  from what i 've seen the chicago rate is about 14/100 ,000 . 
  although , that 's accounting for the entire city ( which is fairly lovely and safe ) . 
  i 'm sure that in certain neighborhoods it gets to the same range as detroit . 
  there is a very very clear correlation between gun ownership and gun related injuries and homicides . 
  you 're far more likely to be killed or to kill a family member with a firearm in the home than you are to ever use it to defend yourself . 
  i 'm not at all denying the underlying socioeconomic problems , but to say that us having the highest by far murder rates and gun crime rates of * any * first world country and also having the highest rate of private gun ownership in the world by far is just mere coincidence is absurd . 
  the homicide rate in detroit is [ 48.2 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crime_in_detroit ) ... [ parts of chicago reach in the couple thousand range ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/29/chicago_violent_crime_map_2006.png )  i do n't even want to imagine how much worse it could be if americans would n't have easy access to guns to defend themselves . 
  that 's kind of the problem ... 
  now tell them what it is for inner city detroit , the south side of chicago or over in parts of la/oakland . 
  that 's already happening . 
  what 's truly horrifying is that the privatization of our judicial system and prison systems is in full swing . 
  new prisons are opening as fast as they can build them . 
  to any fellow americans here , do n't look up our rate for comparison . 
  you 'll be depressed . 
  edit : also do n't look up the male incarceration rate . 
  horrifying . 
  i saw mountains for the first time in germany . 
  absolutely blew me away . 
  as a midwestern farm boy who had never even seen a big hill before the alps just blew my mind . 
  i literally sat there for three hours the first time and just took it all in . 
  also , fuck yes hefeweizen . 
  i 've seen them live twice . 
  hands down the best live shows i 've ever seen . 
  * cheap american beer, 
  i think you 're vastly overestimating the influence of local politics outside major cities . 
  it 's highly unlikely that an independent makes it to a federal position . 
  in our system , money is free speech ( horseshit but it is what it is ) and the two parties pump candidates with the money they need to compete . 
  i think there 's one or two independents in congress . 
  out of what nearly 500 ? 
  we wo n't see progress until the two party system is done . 
  hopefully we 're getting there . 
  i think congressional approval ratings are their lowest in history and almost everyone is sick of having only two parties that ca n't compromise on anything . 
  under the electoral college it is impossible for a third party to become president . 
  imo a lot of the stuff on our side is just flat out wrong . 
  the one that caught my eye is the not going abroad one . 
  we do n't go abroad because it costs more than most of us can afford and many of us get hardly any vacation time anyway . 
  there 's a bit of a difference . 
  generally , you have nothing to worry about here with u.s. flair . 
  as long as you do n't act like an asshat . 
  do n't talk about the u.s. either . 
  they do n't like that . 
  any threads about the u.s. ? 
  yeah , do n't go in there . 
  other than that you should be fine . 
  we 're not going to get anywhere until the older generation dies off imo . 
  i 'm done voting . 
  i 'm 20 and was just able to vote for the first time in the last election . 
  i was a bright eyed , bushy tailed idealist until then . 
  after having to claw tooth and nail to even be allowed to vote in the first place and then really only a last second court order preventing the governor from disenfranchising thousands of university students ( we tend to vote left and he 's a republican so no surprise there ) and then standing in line for hours ( hell , in florida they were still waiting to vote when the election was called ) i was able to make two choices . 
  ** two ** for arguably * the * most powerful political position on the planet . 
  romney was unacceptable to me so i voted for obama . 
  again , getting swept up with all the idealism . 
  turned out to be all bullshit and lies . 
  i feel disgusted that my vote contributed to get him in office . 
  i feel at least slightly responsible for the nsa and drone strikes and all the other horseshit . 
  i will never make that mistake again . 
  i will never vote in this farce of a political system again . 
  i will march in the streets and do my duty to the * people * , but i will never fall for that shit again . 
  well i mean it 's a satire sub anyway . 
  wow . 
  so you guys do n't even hear gunshots at night when you 're trying to sleep or anything ? 
  i think my city has had 300 murders this year so far . 
  i 'm not exactly sure though , i just remember it being in the news that it was on pace to be higher than last year . 
  i 'll find a source when i get off work . 
  you guys already get to measure in cm anyway !, 
  not at all . 
  in my * city * there can be 20 in one night . 
  are those reported shootings like , for the entire country ? 
  is there a reason for the difference in usage of the . 
  and , or is it just one of those things ? 
  i 'd think it 'd be much higher . 
  i know cigarette smuggling is pretty large and lots of people get paid under the table , usually manual laborers . 
  there is no joke . 
  only hunger . 
  and sorrow . 
  i 'm out of ideas then . 
  and the people in power do n't care as long as you keep buying their products . 
  it 's all about the money . 
  boycott u.s. goods . 
  honest question , what are street prices like in europe ? 
  well , i 'm of english ancestry and you 're right nobody cares . 
  people are impressed with my welsh ancestry though . 
  probably because i 've never met anybody else who does . 
  haha guy . 
  sure , they say an englishman laughs three times at a joke . 
  the first time when everybody gets it , the second a week later when he thinks he gets it , the third time a month later when somebody explains it to him . 
  i 'm going to bed now , got ta get up for work . 
  catch ya later !, 
  a referee . 
  what do you call an englishman in the world cup final ? 
  what 's the difference between beer and ale ? 
  i could shoot them if you want . 
  well , those houses are condemned . 
  plus , who the fuck wants to live in detroit ? 
  if i 'm not mistaken , you can buy land on ebay by the thousands of acres . 
  edit : meh , close . 
  about 500-700 acres for around $ 1,500,000, 
  generally , you can get pretty cheap land way out in the boonies . 
  i mean , there 's * nothing * there . 
  my grandparents lived out in the country and their nearest neighbors were about 4 miles away .
