  for a long time , blacks were not a part of established american society in any real sense . 
  they did not have the right to vote , citizenship , etc. 
  they were literal slaves for hundreds of years . 
  one could only really make an argument that they achieved that status post civil rights era in the 1960s and even most would go further and argue they have not achieved that full status today . 
  people refer to them as african-american in the same way that people use irish , german , italian or whatever american . 
  that is to refer to their cultural context within american culture as a whole . 
  the difference being the definition of `` black '' or african american was established hundreds of years ago . 
  hell the definition of who was white and who not was still fluid up until a few decades ago and even now is undergoing changes with how it 's being adapted to include ( or exclude ) people . 
  particularly hispanic immigrants . 
  the even bigger reason is because those identities melded into ` white ' awhile ago , whereas the white/black divide is still a very real thing in the us . 
  there 's no point in pretending it does n't exist . 
  hell half of racial conflict in the us results from people ignoring that conflict exists in the first place . 
  simply calling someone black or african-american is not racist and like i said is only viewed as such by tumblr sjw types . 
  however , race has been a major factor in ones societal standing in the united states throughout its history and continues to be so today . 
  so yes people have identified these trends and attach labels like `` black '' and `` white '' to the people involved in these processes . 
  that does n't make it `` casual '' racism to describe someone as being black or african-american . 
  it 's simply a way to distinguish someone taking into account their cultural upbringing and to give an idea as to the kinds of discrimination they 've historically and currently face . 
  yes , the race in african-american is emphasized by its very nature . 
  does n't mean they 're not seen as much of americans as anyone else . 
  the race is emphasized because race is a much bigger part of everyday life and history in the united states as opposed to europe . 
  african-americans have their own very proud history and culture within united states history and culture . 
  why the hell should they give that up because some people feel it 's `` racist '' ? 
  yes , you 're right cultural context becomes totally invalid when the recipient is unfamiliar with that culture . 
  definitely means you have to expect people to change parts of their culture simply to communicate with others . 
  you want to go down that road ? 
  how about i go down the `` grow the fuck up who cares what they call themselves '' road . 
  what you 're describing sounds much more like pc attempts to root out racism . 
  many people argue it has the opposite affect . 
  the jobs thing is because often there are minority hiring quotas companies need to meet . 
  the reason people do that is to give a better understanding of their cultural upbringing and view of life . 
  black culture is a very real thing in the us . 
  so are chinatowns , germantowns and whatever else . 
  the reason people clarify is because you 're not expected to give up your old culture and integrate into `` american '' culture ( to an extent anyway ) , you 're expected to add yourself to the `` melting pot '' . 
  i never claimed there is no racism in the us . 
  i specifically said otherwise in my main comment . 
  i was n't trying to go down a us vs. europe , who 's better road . 
  i would tend to agree with you . 
  problem is you can not come into / r/europe with us flair and criticize europe , especially if you use a us comparison . 
  people look at the flag then look at one sentence of your comment where your make a ( even if valid ) criticism and it 's downvotes away . 
  the idea is that a poor black encounters more difficulties than a poor white . 
  tackle income inequality . 
  that 's socialism/communism/whateverthefuckelseyouwannacallitism . 
  and that 's ** bad ** ` mkay . 
  i do n't know why it 's bad but i 've been told my whole life by people with an invested interest in the perpetuation of the capitalist system that it 's bad so it must be . 
  it says so in the textbook right next to the part about jesus killing dinosaurs 2,000 years ago with his remington rifle . 
  it will change . 
  the internet age has just dawned and has already fundamentally changed the way humans communicate . 
  we 're just seeing the very first slivers of those ramifications . 
  i doubt we could even accurately predict what the world will look like in even 100 years ( let alone 500 or 1000 ) in regards to human cultural identity , the way the internet has broken down the traditional defining lines of geography and time . 
  maybe you specifically . 
  i have plenty of `` turkish '' - german friends who are third generation immigrants but born and raised in germany yet they 're still considered turkish and treated as outsiders in general german society . 
  i find it extremely hard to believe that in the majority of europe racial minorities feel they go unnoticed by society . 
  that directly contradicts my own personal experiences although admittedly i do not currently live in europe . 
  the us has given citizenship to people born within its borders since 1868 . 
  true , it 's not without difficulties but what is n't when you 're crossing language and cultural barriers . 
  but if you 're living in a country of 300 million + , potentially living thousands of miles from the nearest ocean and unlikely to ever visit another country or even meet a foreigner why would you concern yourself with how your speech is interpreted by outsiders ? 
  the whole internet thing is still fairly new . 
  the reason you 're asked for that on school tests and such is because you receive ( some ) scholarships based on race . 
  if you 're a poor inner city black man with good grades you can get some money for university . 
  the idea is to combat entrenched racism . 
  now whether or not that 's effective is another topic . 
  yes it 's talked about a lot here because race relations are such a bigger part of life in america . 
  i can walk down my street right now and it 's nothing for me to see whites , asians , blacks and whoever else out . 
  i wo n't bat an eye at it . 
  yet the simple fact that we have such a diverse population means that issues will inevitable arise . 
  why not bring all that in the open and simply discuss the issues and possible solutions ? 
  why is open dialogue a bad thing ? 
  particularly when you take into account american race relations history . 
  which is `` worse '' ? 
  admitting you have a big problem and trying to fix it or denying you have a small issue and burying your head in the sand ? 
  i meant more along the lines of / r/europe frequently losing their shit because some idiot called themselves `` irish '' or `` italian '' or whatever without fully understand the difference in cultural context . 
  they 're not claiming italian or irish citizenship and anybody who knows american english knows that 's not what their intent is . 
  care to expand on what `` emphasized '' means ? 
  that 's a pretty broad word . 
  in my experience casual racism is much more common in europe while institutionalized racism is more common in the us . 
  you may not be stopped by police for being black in europe but you better believe i heard people saying things all the time in everyday conversation that would get them their ass beat here in the states . 
  and no , calling someone `` black '' here in the us is not racist unless you 're talking to some tumblr sjw type . 
  also , how many votes did golden dawn get in greece ? 
  how many neo-nazis across europe , even in germany ? 
  the largest neo-nazi group in america has about 400 members ( in a 300 + million country ) . 
  the infamous kkk has about 6-8 ,000 . 
  also note : i 'm not trying to say that racism is not common in the us ( it is ) , i 'm not trying to say all europeans are racist ( they 're not ) . 
  i 'm not even trying to say europe is more racist than the us or vice versa . 
  i 'm just giving my two cents and going against the `` glorious europe , bastion of western civilization and values '' circlejerk that seems to be popping up a bit . 
  not necessarily . 
  most people only `` identify '' with their ethnic ancestry if specifically asked . 
  however , these ethnic backgrounds played a very serious role in american life throughout most of american history up until very recently . 
  as in the past two generations or so . 
  ignoring the american cultural context of what people are talking about when discussing their ethnic backgrounds is a very euro-centric view of nationality and ethnicity . 
  but now i 'll just get out of your way so you all can continue being outraged over a few parades a year . 
  you can buy all sorts of ex military shit from stores all over the us . 
  i would n't be surprised in the least that some finds its way overseas . 
  who gives a fuck what the age of consent is in france or spain . 
  he did n't do what he did in france or spain . 
  next time i 'm in germany i 'll be sure to give a good ol nazi salute and sieg heil and then remind them all it 's perfectly legal in america . 
  i 'm sure that will go over wonderfully . 
  not sure about your laws but here in the states we still lock up men who diddle kids even if they do n't actually `` fuck '' them . 
  i 've never had that issue unless it 's a major film on opening night . 
  most theaters around here also have like 10 different rooms with 200 seats . 
  that may have something to do with it .
