  however , we 're not the ones who escalated to begin with . 
  as far as i 'm concerned our eastern european allies have every right to be worried and request american military assistance and we have every right to give it to them . 
  chicago here , pulaski is a school holiday every year . 
  of course not !, 
  western politicians just lie through their teeth to your face . 
  sounds familiar and seems like there 's a recurring theme here ... 
  you 're damn straight it is . 
  we 're not the ones who rolled into crimea though . 
  if anybody is looking to start a fight here it 's russia . 
  so far the u.s. has done nothing but talked while russia has put boots on the ground and admitted to doing so . 
  you think americans are looking for a fight right now ? 
  that 's a nice way of saying all the poor people got pushed out . 
  same thing has been happening in chicago . 
  as long as you 're not a minority and have the sense to stay away from bad areas ( particularly at night ) you do n't have too much to worry about . 
  most of the homicide is gang and drug related . 
  in chicago you 're fine just stay out of the south , west and north sides ... , 
  7.3 in st. louis . 
  7.8 in l.a. 15.2 in chicago . 
  17.7 in atlanta . 
  26.3 in oakland . 
  48.2 in detroit . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crime_in_st._louis http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crime_in_los_angeles http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crime_in_chicago http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crime_in_atlanta new york city is surprisingly only 4 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crime_in_new_york_city http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crime_in_oakland,_california http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crime_in_detroit bad , but getting better for sure . 
  chicago only saw 415 murders last year . 
  least since 1965 . 
  `` homicide '' may not include war victims . 
  but for an american they are relevant . 
  hence why we 're more likely to know our own states than ukraine . 
  add on top of that our joke of a public education system and i 'm not at all surprised that only 15 % can locate ukraine . 
  i do know where ukraine is but i do n't blame those who do n't . 
  if i did n't make it to college i would n't know . 
  i 'm from a small farm town and went to shitty public schools . 
  when your life consists of working 60 hours a week at two jobs plus your side jobs just to make ends meet and pray nothing unexpected happens why would you take the time to find out where some eastern european country tens of thousands of miles away that 's never impacted you is ? 
  not to mention that many would n't know how to look something like that up as they 're computer illiterate . 
  you could at least be nice to us considering we feed all of you . 
  he 's not comparing the eu and us , he 's saying some of our states are more relevant than some of your countries . 
  doctor coming through - oh fuck eagle is dead fuck obamacare #yolo ( you only live once ), 
  if we do n't follow through though russia will have gotten away with slicing up ukraine with a slap on the wrist . 
  imo we need to show we 're serious and not afraid to use force if necessary . 
  yes we are war weary but we ca n't let the russians move into eastern europe . 
  imo though we need to be mindful of global warming and wean ourselves off fossil fuels . 
  the first serious showdown between the west and russia since the end of the cold war and we shit our pants ... 
  no idea . 
  do you work in the field ? 
  according to wikipedia wind power could account for 20 % of us electricity production by 2030 . 
  that was n't me . 
  not sure if you 're being sarcastic or not but i would certainly argue that the united states actively engaged in genocide against native americans at points in its history just like many european nations . 
  well , we 're not entirely blameless . 
  trail of tears was definitely done by us . 
  resettlement was harsh and wiped out many tribes . 
  current reservation life is a disgrace as well . 
  nobody is saying that . 
  what i 'm saying is there 's a lot you can slam us for but slamming us for un funding when we literally pay more than anybody else at 22 % of the un budget that 's just a straight up anti-us circlejerk . 
  the u.s. is the highest contributor to the un budget by 12 % . 
  well there was that whole business with the native americans . 
  iirc our renewable energy is on the rise too . 
  i think i read somewhere that last year more solar capacity was installed in the u.s. than in the past decade combined . 
  they 're also throwing up wind turbines as fast as they can by where i live . 
  we have serious race relations issues though . 
  it 's falling apart and public transport is a joke outside a handful of major cities and even there it 's shaky at best . 
  gas is half the price but automobile is the only realistic transportation for many . 
  taxes are lower because our healthcare , infrastructure and social programs are all shit . 
  being poor in the u.s. is no cakewalk . 
  it 's not just statistics . 
  i 've worked in low income areas and the level of poverty is stunning if you 've never seen it in person . 
  true , gini has its drawbacks . 
  you 're still not very well off in the u.s. though and more people are sliding that way . 
  which is why serious social safety net reforms are needed . 
  i would argue you 're much better off being a poor worker in europe than the u.s. our social safety net is fucked and has many holes and cracks . 
  minimum wage is $ 7.25 . 
  that 's $ 13,920 a year assuming 40 hours a week . 
  income inequality in the u.s. is [ worse than russia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/income_inequality ), 
  i am most down . 
  polish girls are very nice . 
  i kinda take issue with your statement that nato is n't relevant . 
  nato is the most powerful military alliance in the world , so powerful it has n't had an open challenger since the collapse of the soviet union . 
  until now anyway , it 's not that nato is n't relevant it 's that it 's hobbled . 
  still insanely powerful but in need of coming into the 21st century . 
  5 weeks ? 
  unreal . 
  i do n't get any paid days off . 
  hell i do n't get many unpaid days off either , that 's just when you 're unscheduled . 
  that additional per hour is already nearly what i make an hour ... 
  they deliberately schedule people up to 39 hours to avoid giving out benefits and i 've even been sent home before when i was about to hit 40 . 
  nothing you can do though . 
  people are filling out 20 job apps a day , i could be replaced tomorrow . 
  yeah but what can you do . 
  it 's either that or lose my job and those are n't so easy to come by these days . 
  mine generally call on my days off asking me to come in because they 're , once again , understaffed . 
  that 's neither here nor there . 
  the fact is your statement of `` millionaire socialist '' is stupid . 
  what 's your point ? 
  you can be a millionaire and still be a socialist . 
  again , please explain to me why you have this idea that war with russia results in immediate nuclear holocaust ? 
  also , nato has expanded but it 's not exactly like we 've forced ourselves on eastern europe . 
  if they want to be a part of nato that is their sovereign right and quite frankly russia can go fuck themselves since they would and did do the same . 
   barely `` allied '' nato is a bit more than that considering the alliance clearly states that any attack on any member is the equivalent of an attack on all members . 
  you 're also operating under this certainty that any confrontation with russia results in nuclear holocaust which is a pretty bold assumption . 
  i 'm saying that i do n't understand how nato can be considered as backing russia into a corner by merely defending itself . 
  so since russia has nukes they get a license to do whatever the hell they want ? 
  where do you draw the line ?
