  we are a lot of things but * thankful * is not something that comes to mind . 
   if need be , the fed can always print enough new money to meet our financial obligations in full and on time . 
  ever heard of inflation ? 
   we should n't have recklessly cut taxes and plunged into unfunded wars in the years leading up to the global crisis . 
  that , we can agree on . 
  i 've had it before . 
  the redneck american bullfrog version though . 
  was n't bad but i would n't go out of my way for it . 
  social security is a joke because as a current young adult i ca n't plan on receiving a penny from it even though i have been and will be paying in for the foreseeable future . 
  i disagree with what the guy said too , but to pretend russia does n't have large global influence would be stupid . 
  well there 's your problem , pa sucks  have you thought about looking into study abroad programs ? 
  if you could get six months or a year of study over there that will really get your foot in the door . 
  damn , personally i think 3 years is a little harsh . 
  still , the kid certainly deserves to be punished . 
  not living in europe , but [ alex and jim ] ( http://www.youtube.com/user/alexandjim ) on youtube are pretty entertaining . 
  one 's a german and the other an american . 
  usually they pick a topic for each episode and go over the differences in culture and perspective . 
  do n't give up on your dreams  where in the u.s. are you ? 
  i think two states still have the firing squad . 
  i think they 'll just put executions on hold until someone starts producing it domestically . 
  that or they 'll dust off ` ol sparky . 
  i really doubt it . 
  someone either * will * begin producing it domestically or they 'll go back to using the chair or the firing squad . 
  wow , i went to a good high school and we offered french , spanish , latin and german . 
  although by the time i graduated they had cut latin . 
  i 'd say 90 % of people took spanish though . 
  how difficult do you find swedish ? 
  like i said , i speak german and i 've been looking for a new language to pick up . 
  been toying with the idea of something germanic . 
  you do n't . 
  but , if you 're at the point of learning latin , i 'd assume you 're doing it for the educational aspect . 
  not your football . 
  our football . 
  lol ohhhh yeah . 
  i do n't even think i have that strong of an accent but then i moved to ohio and you 'd think i talked like the guys from the snl skit . 
  hot dog , chicago , sausage , mahogany . 
  those are the words that make my accent come out haha . 
  i 'm chicagoan , they just talk funny in general to me haha . 
  i took german all four years of high school and i 'm currently studying it at college . 
  it just blows my mind how you all start so young , that 's really the key to it . 
  i also live thousands of miles from the nearest border . 
  there 's not really any opportunity to speak another language . 
  i 'm surprised we 're on there at all . 
  i could n't tell you a single american soccer player . 
  clint dempsey maybe ? 
  thanks . 
  i have the freedom to go to walmart , buy a gun and then shoot you in the fucking head if you 're on my land . 
  those guys both have weird accents . 
  i ca n't really place them . 
  can somebody explain the context of this to me ? 
  christ this just blows my mind . 
  over here you only really need two years of a foreign language in high school . 
  why are n't any of these companies named ? 
  to an extent , it was not at all unheard of for people to be stuck on ellis island for weeks or months . 
  not uncommon at all for people to be put back on outgoing boats or for entire ships to be sent back . 
  generally you have to be nice because everybody knows everybody , 
  yeah , i 've always got on very well with canadians . 
  perhaps it 's because i 'm from the midwest ? 
  i 'd agree with that , i 've only ever visited montreal but it was very surreal . 
  it was similar to america and similar to europe in ways . 
  it 's really hard to describe . 
  congress needs to declare war , but the president has the authority to send a certain amount of troops anywhere for ( i think ) 90 days . 
  shit you 'd probably lose your mind in the midwest . 
  we consider west coasters to be rude . 
  goddamn that sounds just like in the u.s. except the complaints about immigrants are more public perhaps ? 
  really ? 
  when i was there i could n't get two words out of my mouth before they 'd switch to english and would n't shut up . 
  wow , i did n't know it lasted all the way up to the 90s . 
  i noticed that as well . 
  usually that 's in reference to talking too much , kind of fits in with the whole `` loose lips sink ships '' theme of wwii . 
  the other one i noticed was `` common horse-sense '' . 
  language changes very quickly . 
  that was really interesting , thanks op !, 
  my favorite part was  the british do n't know how to make a good cup of coffee . 
  you do n't know how to make a good cup of tea . 
  it 's an even swap . 
  it was also interesting to see the persecution of the irish brought up and to `` let it be '' . 
  makes sense considering that many of those soldiers would be only second generation immigrants . 
  i also know there was a lot of support for the ira in the early part of the 20th century . 
  what a dick . 
  no , no you misunderstand me . 
  i meant like the cultural difference in considering yourself british first , then english as opposed to like considering yourself english first and british second . 
  thanks . 
  so what are the differences between considering yourself `` british '' or considering yourself `` english '' or `` scottish '' , etc. ? 
  what 's the cultural difference ? 
  just checked , only oklahoma still has it and only as a secondary option . 
  the last execution by firing squad was ronnie lee gardner in utah in 2010 . 
  i go to school in columbus , probably one of the most gay friendly cities in the u.s. to try and judge an entire state based off some hicks out in the boonies is ridiculous , especially when the vast majority of people live in urban areas . 
  the scenery was beautiful and the people pretty friendly . 
  i had a hard time understanding them though . 
  i missed that part , i apologize . 
  i did n't really just come in and talk about my penis out of nowhere , you said when you talk about it on reddit you always get in arguments with americans saying they like their circumcised penis . 
  so i said that usually i get the other side of that with people saying me being okay with my circumcision is equivalent to supporting infant circumcision . 
  we bring him up in unrelated conversations because it 's a part of our speech . 
  it 's used to convey a feeling of being unfairly treated as a great criminal/monster . 
  i think we 're in agreement , you 're okay with circumcised guys being okay with/liking their personally circumcision . 
  i 'm against infant circumcision . 
  i was merely saying that * usually * when circumcision is brought up on reddit , circumcised guys are treated like scum merely for being accepting/liking their circumcision . 
  i said this as a counter to your `` usually when circumcision is talked about i get some guy who defends his penis and refuses to discuss further '' . 
  that 's all .
