  but it 's a mistake to downplay how major an ally the united states is . 
  we 've become boogeymen for europeans to blame all their problems on . 
  100 years from now they 'll be telling their children to behave `` or the americans will get you !, 
  it does n't really matter because there 's not a snowball 's chance in hell that texas , or any of the 50 states , are seceding . 
  we have a beautiful country and you can find what you like no matter what landscape appeals to you . 
  and i hope one day you can visit . 
  we 're very curious about foreigners as many of us have never met any unless you live in a big city . 
  just keep in mind that our country is n't necessarily what you see on tv or reddit and that we have our problems just like any country . 
  the republicans are just as big of spenders . 
  they were n't screeching about debt when bush & co. ran up the bills in the first place . 
  i disagree . 
  there 's not a single republican who i can take seriously and not have fears of setting us back another 10 years at the moment . 
  i agree . 
  who else would the democrats run though ? 
  kerry and biden can suck a bag of dicks but hillary i could live with . 
  i would too but i think hillary is going to end up with the democratic nomination . 
  that said , a lot can happen in two years . 
  not falling apart but there 's a near literal mountain of domestic issues that need tackling . 
  i agree . 
  we decided to shift our foreign policy focus to asia years ago and allowing ourselves to get entangled in a europe that is perfectly capable of pulling its own military weight is shortsighted . 
  i 'm not saying we should abandon europe but they have no incentive to take matters into their own hands so long as we act like helicopter parents . 
  you know , it 's very funny because i expressed that exact sentiment the other day and it was extremely controversial . 
  yes , i totally forgot about how we sent our troops into ukraine . 
  i 'll make sure to bring all this up at our super secret american imperialism meeting next week . 
  i have a feeling that in 2016 he may have to get used to it . 
  so because ukraine did not agree to a prisoner exchange in the middle of a conflict that means the pows can be executed ? 
  how is this not a violation of the geneva convention ? 
  the point is they 're sacrificial lambs . 
  if anything did go down there would be american blood spilled and by russians no less . 
  do you remember how things happened after 9/11 ? 
  after the initial shock and fear wore off people were * pissed * . 
  now imagine it 's american soldiers killed by russians . 
  there would be a lot of people baying for russian blood . 
  putin , whatever else he may be , is not stupid and has to know this . 
  the entire point of this is to stir up american furor if things go down and also basically as a dick waving contest with the russians . 
  as a roughneck ? 
  i honestly do n't think there 's very many women who would be capable of the work . 
  it 's very tough and physical manual labor and long days . 
  you could come to alaska or north dakota and work the oil fields assuming you 're a young male . 
  that 's exactly what it is . 
  plenty of us states have done the same and now it 's backfired for them as the bans are being found unconstitutional left and right . 
  i do n't know enough about the legal workings of the eu to know if the same could happen here though . 
  and i responded by saying that we should be slashing our military funding and instead investing it domestically . 
  what do n't you get about that ? 
  `` does n't go far '' is one of the stupidest arguments for not spending money on our own citizens that i have ever heard . 
  47 million americans are living in poverty . 
  tell them it `` does n't go far '' . 
  i guarantee you every single social service in america would gladly take an extra billion in funding . 
  yes there have been , where did i claim there have n't ? 
  is the level of european support we received there anywhere near the level of involvement we can expect to shoulder if things kick off once again in europe ? 
  if we were facing serious threat from a foreign power near our borders could we expect european aid ? 
  i have serious doubts . 
  i was grilled pretty hard and searched when i came back to the us and i 'm a citizen and was only visiting friendly countries . 
  you can always visit . 
  i do n't think they 're as common outside chicago . 
  dziennik zwi\u0105zkowy is the oldest & largest in the us and has a circulation of 30,000 . 
  it 's kind of one of those things you have to actively look for but they 're out there . 
  `` give me your tired , your poor , your huddled masses yearning to breathe free , the wretched refuse of your teeming shore . 
  send these , the homeless , tempest-tost to me , i lift my lamp beside the golden door ! '', 
  we should take most everyone in my opinion . 
  there are also over 80 `` sanctuary cities '' in the us where municipal funds and resources can not be used to enforce federal immigration laws and municipal workers and police are not allowed to inquire about an immigrant 's status . 
  these cities include almost every major city in america ( nyc , la , chicago , dc , etc. ) . 
  canada has them as well i believe . 
  i firmly and truly believe one of our greatest strengths as a nation is our history of immigration and our continual acceptance of people from all over the world regardless of race , ethnicity , religion , creed , political beliefs , etc. 
  it 's a damn shame some of our politicians have forgotten our own history . 
  in brighter news though it seems american attitudes and policy are again pro-immigration after tanking a bit after 9/11 . 
  we like poland here in america . 
  polish food is everywhere as are polish-language papers , radio & television stations . 
  iirc chicago has more people that are ethnically polish of any city outside warsaw . 
  lots of recent immigrants after the end of the cold war that has kept the community thriving as well . 
  casimir pulaski day is a state-wide holiday celebrated every year in illinois and i believe several other states do as well . 
  he has schools , bridges , roads and even a us navy submarine named after him . 
  he has statues in his honor all over the country . 
  during the american revolutionary war the challenge for identifying friend from foe when crossing american lines was `` query : * pulaski * , response : * poland * '' . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/commemoration_of_casimir_pulaski fist-bump polish bros , you are always welcome . 
  true but they 're really just sacrificial lambs at this point to stir american sentiment in the case that russia does the unthinkable . 
  i ca n't imagine that 's a very good feeling . 
  and when was the last time the rest of nato defended the united states ? 
  in my opinion that 's 0.00625 % of our gdp we should be spending in our own country . 
  how about no ? 
  which is why almost every single american in this thread is against it ? 
  do you think people in america line the streets to cheer to send our soldiers to europe ? 
  and i 'm pissed off at my government . 
  congress has an approval rating of 13 % and last novembers 9 % approval rating was the lowest in american history . 
  i 'm not expecting you to give a shit , i 'm explaining why i 'm pissed off that my government is spending more money on defending others when we have plenty of problems here . 
  my country 's money and our soldiers lives are jokes apparently as that 's the overwhelming opinion that we 're somehow not giving anything . 
  half a b2 bomber or whatever the other example was . 
  i never referred to europe as a country . 
  i referred to people who hold what seems to be a very prevalent opinion in a subreddit dedicated to europe and populate by people from every european country europeans . 
  what the fuck else do you want me to call you ? 
  i understand that 's not everyone 's opinion but it is a popular one . 
  no it 's all cool i 'm being reassured by europeans that i 'm rolling in benefits . 
  and yet almost every single american in this thread is against sending more money & troops to europe and is expressing doubt about nato . 
  then go ahead !, 
  where out of this did you get the impression that i do n't totally support `` europe dealing with its own problems '' ? 
  obama and the executive branch are not in charge of making laws but of enforcing laws . 
  the legislative branch are the ones who make laws ( congress ) and has an approval rating of 13 % at the moment . 
  although that 's gone up from 9 % last november which was the lowest congressional approval rating in american history . 
  just means more of us to love . 
  somehow controversial when i voice the same opinion .
