  most supermarkets will have a pretty solid selection of larger name imports . 
  it 's definitely lightyears ahead of what it was even 10 years ago . 
  ... it was just a joke ... 
  `` most of nato '' and most of nato does n't hit their 2 % . 
  of the 5 that do 3 are n't in europe . 
  that 's the thing , why should they ? 
  they get us protection and they do n't even have to maintain bare minimums . 
  they 're perfectly happy with us babysitting them no matter how much they screech otherwise . 
  actions speak louder than words and if they truly had issues with it they 'd increase their own spending and have larger says . 
  they have n't , they 've neglected it for decades and even now with hot war in europe they 're still content . 
  they wo n't see a problem until the russians are knocking on their doors and this time there are no american tanks in their front yard . 
  if russia goes anywhere into a nato country the us response in terms of air , sea and boots on the ground would be immediate and overwhelming . 
  if the chinese or russians hit our west coast tomorrow what kind of help will we be looking at from our european allies ? 
  they 're under us umbrella protection . 
  i would n't be either if i were in their shoes . 
  this is why we should have started scaling down our presence in europe decades ago . 
  we should n't pledge to defend those that do n't want our help and do n't take their own security seriously . 
  ever think it 's because it 's good shit with extensive combat usage ? 
  us makes many of the best weapons systems in the world . 
  better than a natty or schlitz though . 
  `` meh '' - americas thoughts on losing a soccer game . 
  now if we win though ... we wo n't ever shut up . 
  because germany would never sell weapons to anyone ... 
  you 're still a kid at 16 , certainly not ready to vote . 
  i 'm not even that happy with them being on the roads ... 
  ironically , the people trying so hard to stop anyone from expressing themselves if their opinions do n't fit the pro-eu , immigration narrative are doing nothing but driving moderates into the open and waiting arms of the far right . 
  to sell arms to people already fighting ... 
  the few comments i 've seen claiming we more or less dragged ourselves out through military industrialism are absurd . 
  you do realize the us military during the depression was a fraction of the size it was during ww2 or today ? 
  large standing armies during peace is a relatively new concept for the us to implement . 
  i 've had iranian , indian , german , russian and english professors going into my 4th year . 
   which probably has more to do with family than work probably has more to do with only speaking english tbh . 
  do n't worry , they 'll end up in some cushy white collar joint where they can play tennis during yard time . 
  they 're sure as shit not going to end up in angola or san quentin or something lmfao . 
  oh so til that nobody but the president of the united states has a voice in us foreign policy . 
  i also learned that i was hallucinating when i saw 2014 midterm elections results on the front page of the bbc , spiegel , etc. 
  you sure as shit are n't putting the election results of zimbabwe , mexico , japan , etc. 
  on the front pages . 
  i 'm a midwesterner myself and you are either delusional or never leave the city i 'd you think there are no hicks up here . 
  if a bear shits in the woods , does a european bring the us into the conversation ? 
  lol our 2016 election news will be front page all over the world . 
  just like it was in 2012 , 2008 . 
  you 're delusional . 
  oh those like 17 years we had independence . 
  implying 18th century europeans were n't racist as fuck . 
  please . 
  people love to pretend everything wrong with america only exists south of the mason-dixon line . 
  that 's not even close to true . 
  lol `` soliciting bribes '' is a bit low key . 
  he was caught on tape literally selling obama 's old seat to the highest bidder . 
  `` do nothing and then blame it on the americans '' . 
  this is nothing new . 
  we have become a boogeyman for other nations to blame things on and remove responsibility from themselves . 
  yeah if only you guys had some kind of elected body that could say no to the terms or influence negotiations or something . 
  really shitty how the us federal govt . 
  makes all these decisions for you guys even though you do n't get to vote . 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  i 'm not questioning the concept at all . 
  it 's well documented . 
  i 'm asking why he said the phenomena is called `` white flight ` in typical american fashion ' '' . 
  what about the term `` white flight '' is `` typically american '' ? 
  yeah , because anyone with differing opinions from the echo chamber is trolling . 
  have a good one . 
  that 's not the connotation the phrase `` in typical ___ fashion '' would have to a native english speaker at all . 
  lol , you seriously need a hobby . 
   in typical american fashion the fuck is that supposed to mean ? 
  angsty european teens browse / r/europe and watch american tv/movies about rich people in california or nyc and then want to tell you all about what it is to be american and how it is to live here . 
  yep , poor little serbs just minding their own business having a drum circle doing * absolutely nothing * . 
  yup . 
  then we just swooped in and bombed the fuck out of them for no reason . 
  that 's exactly how that went down . 
  right . 
  i apologize to the people of lovely serbia . 
  but fuck that guy . 
  it 's adorable how so many people build up their whole identity around hating us and the majority of americans probably could n't even find their shitty little backwater on a map . 
  either way he should be punished . 
  that 's what i was saying ... 
  lol , sure seems like i 'm not the only one not counting them as `` in europe '' in the monthly `` is turkey part of europe '' / `` should turkey join the eu '' ? 
  threads . 
   according to analysts , the u.s. government is displeased with greece 's new law that theoretically releases convicted terrorist savvas xeros . 
  the u.s. 
  ambassador to greece david pearce had stated that if xeros -- who is responsible for the assassination of u.s. diplomats -- is released from prison , that would be an unfriendly act toward the u.s.  furthermore , greece 's flirt with russia -- initiated partly by kammenos -- and certain statements made by the defense minister regarding greece joining the brics bank have irked u.s. officials . 
  not like there are no reasons . 
  also not like he is n't meeting with * anyone * from the pentagon . 
  maybe the dude really does just have a busy schedule . 
  no offense greeks , but you 're not exactly high on our priority list . 
  i agree , the us should have pulled out years ago . 
  we should get right on that and then germany can be to the eu military powers what the us is for the nato ones . 
  thank you for saying it . 
  do n't expect it 'll be well received . 
  emotion  reality every single time . 
  not to mention that of the 5 nato powers actually spending their 2 % , 3 are not in europe or the eu . 
  uh , no lol we should blame the individuals as well . 
  `` just following orders '' did n't keep nazis from being hung and it should n't mean shit just because you have stars and bars on your sleeve either . 
  that 's interesting , i would have thought you would need to swap the plates to be street legal . 
  or at least have temporary us plates . 
  but why bring over a nissan anyway ? 
  i would think you could buy it cheaper here or just rent something . 
  every country should join nato so we can go fuck up the space-aliens . 
  pfft , they did n't even shoot the dog , blind the kid with pepper spray and seize their property for civil forfeiture .
