  we still suffer the effects of what reagan did this day . 
  he and his `` trickle down economics '' . 
  he is largely responsible for the destruction of the working class and worked tireless to destroy already weakened american organized labor . 
  not to mention being a big fan of deregulation . 
  i think you need to read up some on partisan and guerrilla warfare . 
  i 'm not mad , i 'm sorry if i came off that way . 
  i think any large foreign force attempting to invade and occupy the united states would face serious armed resistance from the local populations . 
  i 'm just trying to imagine russians attempting to occupy inner city chicago , detroit , oakland , etc. 
  and i 'm imagining it going very very badly for them . 
  not to mention people will be taking every chance they can to sabotage and attack said forces . 
  i do n't think the russians would be able to hold any ground they would gain assuming they could even make it to us soil . 
  and you can be assured that if `` the field is set on fire '' we will retaliate . 
  people were mad after pearl harbor and the end result of that saw the first and only `` real '' use of atomic weapons in human history . 
  i remember how outraged people were after 9/11 and the end result of that is going on over a decade of two wars now . 
  if the russians did such a thing we would hit back and we would not stop until moscow is ash . 
  they can blow bridges , take down telephone lines , sabotage supply lines ( speaking of which how exactly do these russians expect to survive their first winter across the pacific from their homeland ? 
  ) , shoot officers , block roads , blow rail , etc. 
  there is not much infrastructure in alaska and the terrain is incredibly rough and vast . 
  if there are just a handful of roads around for hundreds of miles it 's not exactly a secret which roads an enemy force will use . 
  i think american partisans could do considerable damage to an occupying force , * especially * in the alaskan wilderness . 
  this is also completely ignoring the number of military bases that dot the state and that the us would be able to establish air dominance ( if not send every russian to a watery pacific grave before they even set foot on american soil ) . 
  this is a fantasy and a silly one at that . 
  completely ignoring the us military , ivan is going to have his hands full without citizens taking up arms . 
  are you suggesting ivan is going to have air superiority over us soil ? 
  i think you underestimate just how heavily armed our society is and how many people are capable of operating a firearm with relative proficiency . 
  how many people in russia are taught how to shoot by the time they 're old enough to wipe their own ass ? 
  i promise you plenty of americans are ( myself included ) . 
  romantic perhaps but history has shown in the right circumstances people will line up by the millions to die a romanticized death in defense of their nation . 
  during the 1860s these `` irish-americans '' were quite literally just off the boat from europe . 
  invade no , occupy yes . 
  do you know what hunting rifles are perfect for ? 
  shooting russian officers from long range hidden in the woods . 
  if it can take down a moose it will sure as shit put a big fuckin hole in ivan . 
  i also think you do n't understand what people consider `` just a gun '' here . 
  besides this would be a wet dream for lots of people . 
  fight the russians for the defence of america ? 
  people would flock to alaska just to fight . 
  hell we 've made multiple movies about this . 
  and how are they going to make it anywhere ? 
  do you know how large alaska is ? 
  not to mention how rough the terrain is . 
  the russians probably would n't even make it onto alaskan soil and even of they did the us navy and air force would cut off escape across the pacific while the national guard , army and marines get sent in . 
  not to mention plenty of people with guns ( which is everyone in alaska ) would be taking potshots at the russians . 
  it would be a bloodbath . 
  agreed . 
  i find this all rather amusing . 
  rooskies invading alaska would be every gun nut in america 's wet dream . 
  there would be thousands heading up to go all red dawn on them . 
  it 's not ridicule it 's criticism . 
  i was unaware that european countries were not big boy countries and could n't stand a little criticism ( something my country certainly gets plenty of and that 's okay ) . 
  it is in american interests ( and eu and most global interests for that matter ) to see military security in europe and around the world and a militarily stronger ( and more integrated/united ) europe would be beneficial towards that end . 
  a successful and well run operation that ca n't supply relatively few soldiers and jets by itself in a relatively small conflict that 's relatively close to europe ? 
  if one of your `` golden boy '' military forces needs us logistical support for 3,000 soldiers who are a stones throw away from their homeland you 're going to have a bad time if a major conflict breaks out . 
  i believe the german air force does training flights in our southwestern deserts . 
  you need to get your panties unbunched . 
   considering that the us is n't even that good at the sport . 
  good enough to nearly break you pretty boys . 
  your english is very good . 
  nato is expanding towards russian borders because eastern europe is terrified and with good reason . 
  naturally nato has decided to reach out . 
  since when does russia get to make decisions for other sovereign nations ? 
  if it 's nato 's fault for expanding it 's only because russia has done nothing but drive nearly everyone from them by their own actions both historical and current . 
  there 's a difference between immigration reform and isolationism . 
  right ? 
  i am not subscribing to murdoch trash . 
  i do n't think it 's likely but if it does we will always be able to hold it over the limeys . 
  it 's just an expression . 
  do you mind if i ask where someone might potentially look for some potentially more substantial material ? 
  definitely a troll who 's been around for quite awhile . 
  exactly what happened after 9/11 . 
  anyone who spoke out against the patriot act and the iraq war was labeled as a coward and traitor . 
  yeah but it does n't really carry over to american history . 
  there are lots of odd little quirks dividing british/american culture and language . 
  that is crazy . 
  in the us public/state school is interchangeable and `` private '' schools are for the people with the money . 
  definitely cheap shots , the east is facing their problems as we dive into the 21st century , just like the west . 
  we 're not the only ones with problems . 
  it 's profitable for a tiny fraction of the population . 
  have you ever received a bill for a necessary medical procedure that made your knees shake because you 're suddenly not sure if you 're going to be able to pay your rent and have enough food for the month ? 
  the private insurers and hospitals are nothing more than leeches , you may even get better ( or you might get worse ) care and a shorter wait time ( i 've seen people holding their body parts in plastic bags with ice in waiting rooms ) and you can be assured that they 'll attempt to rob you blind just as fast as the public hospitals will . 
  did they abolish both wehrdienst & zivildienst or just wehrdienst ? 
  do you have to register ? 
  here in the us it 's the same ( suspended conscription ) but all men of military age must be registered with the selective services . 
  i had to do so when i was 18 and you 're supposed to keep them updated with where you 're living and such but nobody does . 
  you can be denied benefits like college loans and scholarships if you do n't though and you can technically be locked up . 
  that 's true but we 're at the point of peak oil , over the next 20-40 years world oil production is expected to basically half and then do so again the 50 years after that before leveling off at a level about 1/12th current levels by 2200 . 
  when it 's all that 's left it 'll be better than nothing . 
  that 's impossible in a common law country ( which i think most everyone in the anglosphere is ) where precedent is so vital . 
  china and russia do n't get along as well as people think . 
  china and the us have very intertwined economies . 
  us has a very large trade deficit with china while the economic relationship between china and russia is mainly russian exports of natural resources ( namely fuels & metals ) . 
  the us is also more stable and generally a better trading partner for the chinese . 
  this could change but at present i 'd say the chinese are keeping their options open , at the very least . 
  according to wikipedia the us is 3rd in oil production , 1st in natural gas production , 2nd in coal production . 
  we 're fine in fossil fuels . 
  obama will endorse her and her husband is popular , he came out and campaigned for obama in '12 and i expect him to do the same for his wife in ' 16 . 
  i would be shocked if the democrats do n't run hillary in 2016 . 
  one day . 
  one day , 
  after the crazy shit that went down yesterday anything seems possible at the moment .
