  anyone with any common sense can look at a chart correlating gun ownership and murder rates and see that the u.s. is so much worse off compared to europe that it 's ridiculous . 
  the common cop out is that violent crime rates in the u.k. are higher than that in the u.s. ( although our * murder * rate is astronomically higher ) . 
  what these people fail to take into consideration is that the definition of `` violent crime '' in the u.k. is much broader than that in the u.s. 
  i 'm pretty sure the u.s. has n't signed it . 
  or i 'm confused with the rights of the child . 
  join the club !, 
  i 'm being sarcastic . 
  that 's a common line from gun groups . 
  ** hey buy my shit **, 
  it is if everyone 's packing . 
  because remember , `` nobody will commit a crime if * everyone * has a gun '' . 
  they absolutely still make them . 
  that 's really cute btw . 
  please never refer to wendy 's as `` quality burgers '' . 
  if you ever have the chance go to a nice restaurant and get a $ 10-15 burger . 
  it will blow your mind . 
  i thought you just used the polish ? 
  that 's not the popular choice , it 's carrying concealed handguns . 
  think wild west style but hidden . 
  i 'm under the impression that we can only export that when there 's oil in the receiving country . 
  logistics or something . 
  we beat that in 48 hours in my city . 
  is n't it always a sausage fest in germany ? 
  does n't it have a name and is at a ton of protests ? 
  edit : lol , they have their own wiki : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/riot_dog, 
  exactly , it is a state policy and therefore differs by state . 
  in california for example the first two must be violent offenses but in other states the only requirement is that they be felonies . 
  no , but u.s. drug policies and pressure heavily influences european drug policy . 
  if i 'm not welcome , by all means tell me to fuck off . 
  i figured i should n't pass up an opportunity for r/europe to collectively tell me how backwards , uncivilized , barbaric and generally shitty my country is compared to the glorious pinnacle of human progress and culture that is europe . 
  personally , i quite enjoy being able to interact with europeans . 
  sometimes that does mean a compare and contrast of the u.s. and europe in general as well as the specific countries within europe . 
  generally , when a title asks * specifically * europeans about issues i merely comment and ask questions . 
  but when a thread is a bit more ambiguous in its desired audience i add my two cents . 
  3 strike rule . 
  life sentence for your third offense . 
  genuinely curious here , there are gang conflicts in copenhagen ? 
  smith is definitely up there for most common surname in the u.s. too . 
  interesting . 
  haha i know where you guys are but i ca n't say much for the average american . 
  not sure if i 'm really welcome in the discussion ( it 's really hit or miss with you guys ! ), 
  but germany is seen in the u.s. in a very favorable light . 
  they 're seen as hardworking and basically all of our news that comes out of europe that does n't involve the u.k. is generally about the economy in europe and how germany ( and france to a lesser extent ) are the ones holding everything up . 
  italy , spain , ireland and especially greece are seen in a negative light and as moochers and lazy . 
  not necessarily my opinion but it seems to be the general attitude . 
  your country . 
  your landmarks . 
  let happen what you want . 
  you 're right . 
  much better that the wealthy be allowed to destroy cultural and historical landmarks for the sake of a quick profit . 
  hey , your country though . 
  riot maybe ? 
  lynch some bigwigs ? 
  the people need to stand up for themselves eventually . 
  it was the only way i could express my feelings about the situation . 
  that 's universal , not just in germany . 
  son of a bitch ... fucking greedy motherfuckering cocksuckers . 
  you 're right , they should do it like the good ` ol us of a where american workers now make a whopping $ 59 more now than they did in 1970 . 
  i mean just because our stock market hit a record high , the richest 1 % in the country own more wealth than the bottom 50 % combined and worker productivity is at its highest level ever does n't mean we need people being able to afford things like an education and healthcare . 
  god forbid we lose our * competitiveness * . 
  a what now ? 
  i had my moment . 
  then you took it . 
  not as bad as the krampus . 
  because different countries have different names in different languages ? 
  adopt them yourself and move back to turkey . 
  otherwise , shut the fuck up . 
  what ? 
  do you mind me asking where you 've been in the southern u.s. ? 
  really ? 
  we have private healthcare over here . 
  want to come give it a shot ? 
  i 've firsthand seen people * refuse * to have an ambulance called for them because it will * ruin * them financially . 
  i 've worked with countless people who have ended up in emergency rooms for simple things like ear infections because they ca n't afford medicine or to even talk to a doctor . 
  i 've sat in a waiting room at a hospital and seen a man holding his finger in a bag waiting for the next available doctor . 
  it 's shit . 
  absolute shit . 
  you can feed your children or see a doctor . 
  not both . 
  the best part is the right have convinced people we ca n't have more state involvement in healthcare by spouting bullshit about `` government death panels '' deciding the fates of the sick , as if the private insurance companies do n't do that already . 
  i 'm from the suburbs of chicago , our schools were fantastic and we were alright if a little strained when the state stopped giving us money . 
  cps is absolutely horrendous and i do n't know what the solution is . 
  it 's a cultural and economic problem . 
  then perhaps your governments and tax money should start going towards public service announcements if it 's really that large of a problem . 
  i still fail to see the part where it 's microsoft 's responsibility . 
  cultural difference i guess . 
  i feel more like it 's mcdonald 's getting in trouble for not telling you `` hey , you know there 's also a burger king next door in case you do n't want our burger '' every time someone walks into their store . 
  then that 's an educational problem , not microsoft 's problem . 
  so , you 're allowed to identify as frisian instead of dutch but i * have * to identify as american in general ? 
  even though my state alone has nearly as large of a population as your country and has 3.6 times the land area ? 
  why are you allowed to separate your opinions from that of your country but i am not ? 
  possibly . 
  you know what fine . 
  fuck it . 
  hate us . 
  hate all 300 million of us . 
  you know what , 299 million wo n't even notice . 
  that 's how far up my country 's head is up it 's ass . 
  excision , 
  none of us will ever even know it happened though .
