  not everyone is born into an upper middle class home with both parents present and plenty of time to focus on learning at their private college prep school . 
  i think you 're seriously underestimating the difference a quality basic education can have on someones reasoning , logic and critical thinking skills . 
  if that 's the case then why do n't we just do away with public schools and libraries ? 
  obviously they 're useless and some people are just born having gone through basic schooling apparently . 
  saying stupid people are stupid because they choose to be is no different than saying poor people are poor because they choose to or do n't work hard enough . 
  no , it 's simply pointing out that even in developed countries like the us there 's going to be a lot of fucking idiots due to lack of education or otherwise . 
  i 'm not an expert on the russian education system but i do know how it works around here and i 'm sure inner city chicago public schools certainly have some similarities to some poor russian schools . 
  i do n't know about you but in my state they 've been closing public schools for years and the state has n't been giving the ones left the money they 're supposed to . 
  the chicago public high school graduation rate was at 65 % last year and that 's probably one of the best they 've ever managed . 
  lol bush v. gore anyone ? 
  was i also just imagining seeing people still waiting in line to vote in florida during 2012 after obama had already won reelection ? 
  did i not really only get to vote in 2012 because of a court ruling literally the night before the election to block a new voter id law ? 
  russia is certainly no posterchild for democracy but let 's not act like we 're any better . 
  the people in charge are just better at hiding their tracks and making us feel like we 're involved . 
  you would think all the youtube videos of some dude sitting in an office sipping coffee , turning them into smears with hellfire missiles would do that . 
  certainly possible . 
  i 've stopped hanging around most of the circles i used to so i 'm a bit out of the loop . 
  so in your opinion violence is never justifiable ? 
  there 's a ton of putin apologists because the left defends russia/putin because they are the ( or one of the ) `` opposing forces '' against the united states ( bastion of unfettered capitalism ) . 
  they completely ignore the fact that 2014 russia is about as socialist as 2014 america . 
  they 're not retarded they 're just defensive about something silly because they 're comfortable with it . 
  if you ask joe schmo blue collar worker he does n't give a fuck if the us is metric or imperial but he 's spent the past 40 years with imperial . 
  he does n't want to switch to a new system any more than he wants a new hammer over the one he 's broken in over the years or he wants his foreman to come along and tell him how to do his job . 
  not to mention that in the back of his mind he sees this as just one more shakeup of his culture and life in the big scary 21st century . 
  in his eyes people are getting all fussy about something trivial that has suited us just fine for hundreds of years . 
  my pop can i just bought from the store has both fluid ounces and milliliters on it . 
  i seriously do n't understand what the big deal is . 
  it 's really not as bad as you say . 
  i just looked at my mtn dew can , do you know what it says right underneath the 12fl oz in parenthesis ? 
  the conversion is already on the can . 
  when you go to the store do you buy your pop by the oz ? 
  no you buy 1 or 2 liters . 
  who does n't learn the metric system during school ? 
  i certainly did and i went to public school in the middle of the midwest . 
  when my friend brings over some pot later we 're measuring in grams but we also measure in ounces . 
  who cares , we do both . 
  what difference does it make if i buy my gas by the gallon , ice cream by the pint and cocaine by the kilo ? 
  it 's not like the metric system is n't widely used outside of day to day life in professional and academic settings . 
  shit our military even uses metric . 
  does it seriously impact your life in that negative of a way that our roadsigns say miles ? 
  just do the conversion in your head if it bothers you so much . 
  i was simply using my example because that 's what i experience . 
  i 'm sure it happens all the time with all sorts of people which is what i was really getting at . 
  that 's very true but i meant more along the lines of you can have an identical sentence posted by two members with different flair and in certain threads ( depending on topic ) i can almost guarantee the voting will be wildly different . 
  that 's true but more often than not i see people being downvoted for their flair . 
  try having american flair the next time there 's a shitstorm thread about something us related in here . 
  i 'm sure russian users would say the same about threads about russia and they 're probably right . 
  it would be nice to have high speed rail but in my experiences our roads are among the best in the world . 
  even if everything else is crumbling . 
  my out of state tuition is cheaper than in state at a comparable university would be . 
  it 's absurdly expensive . 
  i have to spend usually around $ 500 just for a semesters `` required books '' let alone rent and tuition . 
  which adds up to just around $ 25,000 / year . 
  back home it was around $ 30,000 in state . 
  $ 50,000 + easily for the schools up in the city . 
  there is no way for anyone not out of a high income background to do that without serious financial duress and debt . 
  do n't know where to go . . 
  pretty much whatever at the grocery store has `` hefeweizen '' written on it . 
  usually like one or two choices . 
  ca n't for the life of me remember any names though because none have been great . 
  banning the practice does not necessarily mean banning the sale . 
  i really miss hefeweizen . 
  we have them here but it 's just not the same . 
  milka chocolate maybe , i can find it here but it 's expensive . 
  there is a food truck in chicago that sells it though i think they just started this year . 
  have n't had it myself though . 
  lpt : people from flyover states hate it when you call them flyover states . 
  why not just import kosher/halal meat ? 
  no but i 'm in / r/europe at the moment so ... 
  why do n't these kids leave the pacifists alone and come try this shit in alabama or texas . 
  / r/europe make vast generalizations about hundreds of millions of people because of the actions of a few individuals who happen to share nationalities ? 
  never !, 
  the us has already been giving the ukrainians basically everything short of arms and munitions . 
  i 've seen ukrainian soldiers on tv in the field eating us army standard issue mres . 
  i have seen liquor and wine in gas stations and convenience stores but they do n't usually carry stronger stuff . 
  you do n't sell alcohol in your gas stations and such ? 
  you live 2000 miles from the nearest coast , in bumfuck iowa where the local attractions are your 2nd cousin , the cornfields and the wal mart the next county over too ? 
  lol so exactly the same as everyone ? 
  who are these countries that are at the beck and call of the un and that put global interests above national ones ? 
  definitely , in the grand scope of time , it 's almost inevitable . 
  we live in an increasingly more global world and we 're seeing major changes in the way people view themselves . 
  identities are shifting and changing and new ones emerging . 
  people are starting to identify as eu citizens , that 's major . 
  now there are serious challenges to be sure but this current process of globalization is n't something that 's been happening overnight . 
  hundreds of years of history have gotten us to this point and it 's not some accident that we 're currently entering a major shifting point in human history , the evolement of government beyond the nation-state being just one . 
  not to mention that if something on this scale was already happening the us would probably open a pacific front as well . 
  tbf if he had not played football he would not have received a college education and ended up playing professionally . 
  what is a vacation day ? 
  - everybody not working on salary, 
  crimea and russia have most definitely been in the news . 
  if you even only casually watch on any news station you 'd have seen multiple segments . 
  asking midwesterners if they 've left the country is redundant as 95 % of the time that answer is no unless they live near canada . 
  i say that as a corn-fed blue collar midwestern boy . 
  yes and we are hardly alone in our terrorist attacks . 
  afghanistan iraq = / = ukraine if you want to talk about exports how about you take a look at a list of the top arms exporters globally . 
  oh but you lot are merchants of death with ethics i forgot . 
  please show me where i advocate for war anywhere in my entire 2 year comment history . 
  yes all the homeless packing your streets and veterans shooting themselves daily must be a real problem . 
  oh you meant more in a philosophical sense that 's cool too i guess . 
  i 'm not trying to be combative but i 'm getting very sick of every time i wander into / r/europe seeing a whole bunch of people getting wound up over some shit some no name american said .
