  it wo n't be on our news . 
  not in a million years . 
  i think now is a good time to remind everyone that there are 300 million of us , holding vastly different opinions . 
  i 'd also like to point out that 99.9999999 % of americans will never even hear about this . 
  none of us here would if we were n't subscribed to r/europe . 
  okay . 
  thank you for the clarification . 
  okay . 
  so were they supposed to promote multiple browsers or not promote any at all including their own ? 
  it seems to me like an equivalent would be buying a car and then being mad that the manufacturer put * their * tires on it . 
  i mean , you * may * want different tires on there . 
  seems childish to me . 
  if you want a different browser , go download it . 
  why should it be the responsibility of microsoft to have every possible browser you could possibly want already on their hardware ? 
  seems stupid to me . 
  ok , so they 're being fined for bundling their software with their hardware ? 
  is n't that like buying a car from bmw and getting pissed off that it came with tires ? 
  i mean after all , they 're limiting your choice to decide what tires you want on your car . 
  seems childish to me . 
  uhhh ... 
  i feel like i 'm missing something here . 
  why does microsoft have to `` promote a range of web browsers '' ? 
  i mean , is n't that like getting pissed off at mcdonald 's for not promoting burger king as an alternative ? 
  yeah , i am missing some key information here . 
  can somebody please explain this to me ? 
  edit : it seems you get to decide which browser you use when you first start up ? 
  here only ie is installed and if you want something else you have to go download it yourself . 
  i am * really * missing something here . 
  can somebody please help me out here ? 
  sorry , but i chuckled when i saw that the highest estimate is about 1/3rd of what i pay per year . 
  we start with 1492 . 
  skip to 1776 . 
  skip to dec. 7th 1941-1945 . 
  skip to vietnam ( but stop before to we get to the part where we lose ) . 
  end history classes . 
  thank you for the explanation . 
  we really do n't learn a whole lot about the world wars here ( at least where i went to school anyway ) other than what america and americans did : /, 
  i did n't ask if they spoke english , more like i began ordering confidently and then hit a roadblock when it came to the `` turkey '' part . 
  they ended up just asking me what kind of meat i wanted in english . 
  i think they just wanted to use their english , i was happy to oblige . 
  at least i tried . 
  this was only like 2 years ago , if that makes a difference . 
  this was also in munich so i 'm not sure if d\u00f6ner are a big thing there . 
  haha , that 's cute . 
  if you 're not interested in real discourse might i suggest [ r/murica ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/murica/ ) ? 
  only in america would i be considered a communist . 
  you 're a fucking idiot . 
  haha , i was broke , tired and lost . 
  trust me , i learned the wonders of german bread . 
  i had no idea . 
  my american taste buds were blown away . 
  because austerity involves fucking over the people at the bottom all over again . 
  lose your job because of big business fuck ups , pay to bail them out . 
  we 're going through the same shit over here . 
  why the fuck should we pay * twice * to save these cocksuckers when there 's no consequences for them ? 
  they fuck up people 's * life-savings * and lay people off by the millions , meanwhile they 're zipping around in their private jets and giving themselves bigger bonuses year after year on the backs of the middle and working class tax dollar . 
  we have n't seen a * real * wage increase in the u.s. in decades . 
  the average american worker makes less now than they did in 1970 . 
  the question is n't why are they in the streets in europe , the question is ** why the fuck are n't we in the streets with them ? 
  haha this was me trying to order a turkey sandwich at a subway a few years back . 
  also , i was horrified to discover that they do n't do roast beef . 
  is n't the argument for people not knowing what was going on already somewhat shaky ? 
  the extent and the specifics , sure , but is n't it accepted that people knew ? 
  just asking a question . 
  american here , when you say `` concentration camp '' we immediately assume an extermination camp but we 're aware working ones existed as well . 
  i 'm really sorry , but i do n't understand . 
  how is this `` shocking '' ? 
  i mean , it 's not like they just discovered 400,000 more people were killed . 
  it 's just the same number of people involved but broken up into more areas . 
  unless i 'm understanding this wrong . 
  please do n't get offended , i 'm asking a legitimate question . 
  i 'm not trying to be an ass . 
  we stay away from dialects aside from interesting tidbits . 
  we have dw here but it 's dubbed into english : / . 
  sucks , but it 's better than nothing . 
  it 's also * very * nice to be able to get non-american news . 
  ours is 95 % national sensation stories . 
  so what i 'm learning over here is most likely standard german correct ? 
  anything i should know about that i 'm learning in the classroom that probably does n't happen in real life ? 
  i know my german friends sometimes use straight out of a textbook english in casual conversation and it usually sounds too formal or it 's hilariously out of context . 
  so i 'm not allowed to contribute to the discussion ? 
  apparently when he reminded everyone he is a * united states senator * and * not * an israeli senator that was equivalent to him publicly coming out of the nazi-closet . 
  i think nk is just rattling the saber . 
  we would fuck them up , not without casualties and civilian deaths but we would . 
  even china seems to be tired of their shit lately . 
  fuck north korea , if they send one shell over to the south we will bomb them back to the stone age . 
  ah , so would they have to test all of this meat for that then ? 
  in which case might it not be cheaper to give the poor money to buy food rather than give them this horse meat after it 's been guaranteed safe ? 
  do n't they have to test it to see if it 's horse meat already though ? 
  or do you mean testing to see if there 's chemicals in it ? 
  i agree that this should n't have happened in the first place , but if it 's not cost-prohibitive would n't it be better for the poor to receive that food rather than them starve out of principle ? 
  trust me friend , i 'm on your side . 
  the american worker makes less today than he did in the 1970s . 
  that 's understandable . 
  i guess if there 's nothing wrong with the meat and people are informed of what they 're eating why should n't the poor be able to eat it ? 
  better than letting it rot in some bin . 
  if you 'd like i can switch places with him and he can have my $ 35,000 / year tuition payments . 
  so this is monthly minimum wage right ? 
  are there any health reasons why one should n't eat horse meat or is it purely a cultural thing ? 
  is education equivalent though ?
