  i ca n't see any reason why public universities should n't receive federal funding . 
  or we could cut that defense budget just a teeny bit . 
  i do n't think you understand how our political system works . 
  yeah detroit was already way gone before 2008 . 
  the auto companies started pulling the plug decades ago . 
  it may be a lot but there is no way in fuck it 's 90 % . 
  i 'm assuming by coastline you mean an ocean . 
  you seem to have a hard time understanding that we live in a republic and that the government does not exist in a vacuum . 
  * millions * of americans share the same beliefs as the worst of washington . 
  i think my social and political views line up with < 10 % of the country so i ca n't really follow you there . 
  are there many good people that i would love to have over for dinner ? 
  sure . 
  at the same time i just fundamentally can not get along with them in the sense of democracy . 
  there is a lot that is very fundamentally and culturally wrong with this country and our people . 
  i can certainly appreciate the good and some of the things the * people * of our country have achieved but i just ca n't be nationalistic at all . 
  i do n't see why i should ever die in one of our many wars simply because of the borders i was born within . 
  i 'm sorry if i worded my response poorly . 
  i meant personal regulation and oversight not in the business and financial world . 
  i 'm a little hungover so my writing skills are bleh at the moment . 
  hey now , the civil war fucked shit up in the south . 
  sherman 's march ? 
  granted that was also 150 years ago ... 
  reagan could be argued as the counterpoint to fdr but jfk is definitely in second place behind fdr on the left . 
  that being said , fuck reagan . 
  i 'm 20 . 
  i can honestly say i 'm more ashamed than not to have to call myself a u.s. citizen . 
  as a generation we 've gotten totally fucked by the ones before us . 
  i disagree . 
  we 're all in a societal contract together . 
  we 're obligated to take care of our fellows . 
  are there people who game the system ? 
  sure , but saying that everyone who collects welfare is just a way for conservative shock jocks to shake up their base . 
  it 's just a lazy way of generalizing . 
  besides , having millions of homeless starving people ( more than there are already anyway ) would cause way more problems than society having to prop up a few welfare queens . 
  i 'm sorry , but black american culture is absolutely not accepting of government regulation and involvement outside financial aid . 
  they 've spent the past 50 years getting brutalized by police and there is heavy distrust between the community and police . 
  watch any documentary on urban violence and you 'll see people who * saw * what happened * refuse * to cooperate with police even though the person murdered was * immediate * family . 
  and why should they ? 
  not every part of the u.s. is upper middle class white suburbia utopia . 
  there are much bigger things to worry about . 
  chicago . 
  i am . 
  not much better but it is better . 
  they were probably just idiots then . 
  hardly exclusive to the us . 
  in many places overcrowded with the urban poor violence and crime run rampant . 
  it 's not unheard of for the murder rates of some u.s. cities to be more than ten times that of the worst european countries . 
  growing up , it was uncommon to sleep through the night without being awoken by gunshots . 
  in my city alone we had more murders than some european countries . 
  we also had more murders than total soldiers killed in the middle east for that year . 
  learning geography takes a back seat to dodging gang battles and stray bullets on your way home from work or school . 
  it 's enough of a task in plenty of places just staying alive or out of prison let alone memorizing countries that have no influence on daily life and that none of them will ever be able to visit . 
  our education system is a joke . 
  especially in the areas where the urban poor live . 
  you mean to tell me that people are very familiar with the unarguable most powerful nation on earth ? 
  my points still stand , what interest is there in foreign countries for the average poor american ? 
  you 'll never in a million years go there . 
  at least the average poor eastern european can feasibly make it to another country . 
  i 'd also be willing to bet that there are plenty of areas in the u.s. are more poverty struck and dangerous than many places in eastern europe . 
  what 's the point in learning about the world when you 'll most likely be dead or in prison before the age of 30 . 
  there 's no denying that ethnocentrism also factors into it . 
  what i 'm saying is that there are also other considerations . 
  also , i completely disagree . 
  being poor * is * an excuse for not giving a fuck . 
  you 're also not taking into consideration how strong the american presence in media is . 
  for every movie set in france or lithuania 1,000 are set in the u.s. 
  this is not a black and white issue and chalking it up to `` americans just do n't give a fuck '' is just lazy . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/statistics_of_incarcerated_african-american_males do n't see that 2/3rds thing , but they have a 30 % chance of doing some prison time in their lives and 1/3 black men age 20-29 are currently incarcerated . 
  lack of necessity for most people . 
  they 're worried about working 2 or 3 jobs so they can scrape by to keep their shit house in a shit neighborhood . 
  so they can send their kids to a shit school with no supplies . 
  so they can keep shit food that 's packed with who knows what on their table . 
  maybe they 're trying to save up enough to be able to see a doctor to check out their daughters ear that 's been infected for quite some time . 
  they also went to those shit schools and got a shit education , not that they were paying much attention anyway . 
  shit gets rough when you 're expected to have a job at the age of 15 ( when i was 16 i was working full time and still had a full day at school , it was unheard of for someone to not have a job ) . 
  maybe they dropped out so they could work even more . 
  now , our hypothetical family wants to go on vacation . 
  we 're limited to about two or three days because let 's be real here you do n't get any vacation time and ca n't afford to miss a day of work . 
  let 's assume our family lives in kansas city ( relatively the middle of the country ) , canada is about 1600 km away and mexico is about 1800 km away , that 's just to get to border towns mind you . 
  forget about hopping on a plane to the uk or japan , the cost of just one ticket is more than you make at your two jobs in three months . 
  looks like we 're just going to go to the local city for a night out . 
  maybe we can go visit out of state family but that 's about it . 
  the only time you learn about a new country is when you 're told your sons are needed to go `` fight for our freedom '' in some strange foreign land . 
  i come from a decent sized village ( about 30,000 ) and it 's very uncommon for people to leave once they reach adulthood . 
  once you turn 18 you 're generally expected to begin working on finding your own place to live and begin starting a family . 
  plenty of people i graduated high school with ( let alone the ones my age who dropped out ) are already married and have children and i 'm only 20 . 
  i 'm one of the rare few who got out and i 'm by no means at the bottom of the socioeconomic pyramid . 
  higher education ? 
  impossible for many . 
  i go to a * public * university and my tuition is $ 28,000 per * year * ( and that 's about middle of the road , tuition is $ 50,000 / year at many places ) . 
  i 'm only able to do it because i 'm taking on a shitload of debt which i 'm having to gamble on being able to pay off . 
  student loan debt ? 
  yeah , you ca n't get rid of that even if you declare bankruptcy and the bank can legally take money from your paycheck before you receive it . 
  it really is unfortunate that it 's the state of affairs in the u.s. is the u.s. a great country to be upper middle class or rich in ? 
  absolutely . 
  however , i think many of you forget just how shit it is to be poor in the u.s. absolutely * nobody * gives a fuck about you . 
  not your government or fellow countrymen that 's for damn sure . 
  i 'm not trying to explain away willful ignorance but trying to point out that there 's another side to the story and that for many americans world geography or keeping up with world politics takes a very very low priority behind some of those things i mentioned earlier . 
  you 're right !, 
  i done fucked up !,
