   the militiaman would not reveal his name or rank , but the newspaper 's website published his photograph with the story . 
  wtf . 
  that 's the thing though that already happened a long time ago and now here in the us when you say `` champagne '' most would assume you 're referring to any type of sparkling wine , same with the cheeses etc. 
  it 's become a part of the language . 
  you can go into any grocery store in the us and there 's going to be dozens of different `` champagnes '' and `` parmesans '' etc. 
  to get the point across that it 's the real deal the onus would be on you to make that clear . 
  720,000 actually . 
  lmfao where is all this righteous indignation any time a thread about gypsies shows up ? 
  idiots should always have the right to speak and when they do at least one person should take the time to call them on their idiocy . 
  99 % of the time i decide it 's not worth it but sometimes it is . 
  if you never ever respond to what the idiots say and try to silence them it does n't show that they 're wrong it shows that you fear what they have to say . 
  same reason why here in the us we let the nazis and klansmen march . 
  there 's always going to be a handful of retards that agree with them but better for them to prance around and let everybody * see * what idiots they are than to try and hush it up and make people wonder what it is about their ideas you do n't want them to know . 
  it 's not really about him or the 5 % of people who are going to agree with what he says but about the people who are uninformed and uneducated enough to possibly fall for his lies and fallacies and that 's what makes the difference . 
  no the fucked up thing about our federal government is that they have too much power in areas that they should n't and it 's abused and the places they should have more power because it logically makes sense for the issues that need to be tackled on a nation-wide basis are when people start clamoring about states rights . 
  yes because the korean war certainly did n't start when soviet backed nk invaded the south ... 
  arming isis ? 
  that 's a new one that i 'm unaware of . 
  i 'm sure you 're more than happy to provide some sources that are n't rt though . 
  you can google `` war crimes '' and see that the us is far from the only ones to have ever committed war crimes . 
  iraq - no arguments here . 
  vietnam - i 'll even give you vietnam but i 'd also like to point out that this war faced * massive * domestic opposition and protests involving * millions * of americans . 
  hell it got to the point were the national guard started gunning down students at a university . 
  again , like korea the north vietnamese totally were n't supported by the soviets and the whole thing totally did n't involve any european colonialism whatsoever no sir !, 
  slavery - yes it was a horrible thing and it 's certainly worth pointing out that the united states was not exactly responsible for the creation of this abhorrent institution and was a practice that had been happening since the dawn of mankind and continues to exist today . 
  or the fact that over 700,000 americans died in a bloody war that was fought partially to end that practice . 
  many european nations actively participated in the trans-atlantic slave trade for centuries but these days it 's america 's turn to be ripped on so most european crimes get swept under the rug so long as they happened before 1990 . 
  nsa tsa - no argument here and the simple fact that there are 20 threads a day bitching about both of these on reddit ( a * gasp * american website with a majority american userbase ) goes to show that these programs face just a teeny tiny bit of public opposition . 
  afghanistan - afghanistan was/is a clusterfuck and there 's no denying it . 
  however i would point out that it was ruled by the taliban and that the war had un approval . 
  not to mention that the us is * far * from the only country to have ever invaded afghanistan . 
  dresden - again no arguments but this was far from the only `` nasty '' incident that took place during the second world war . 
  which now that you mention it the soviet stroll across eastern europe and germany was quite pleasant . 
  so much so that everyone who lived there invited them to stay for another half century !, 
  the fact that 200 more british bombers participated in the attack than american ones does n't help your argument much either but then again you were never interested in the facts were you ? 
  hiroshima , nagasaki - terrible events but i would ask you just how many lives would have been lost and how much suffering endured if an invasion of mainland japan had been launched ? 
  america starting and funding the conflict in ukraine . 
  ah yes i totally forgot about the insurgents in ukraine armed with american made weapons that originally popped up to `` protect the native english speakers '' ( who have now formed a new `` republic '' independent of ukraine ) and have begun shooting down civilian airliners and then refusing international observers full access to the crash site ... and how all this started over protests about a trade deal faceoff between ~ ~ the eu ~ ~ america and russia and they were totally waving american flags and not eu ones on the barricades of the maidan ... oh . 
  wait . 
  not to mention that there were nearly 200 more british bombers participating in that air raid than american ones . 
  see to me the thought of a harry potter movie being political is just mindblowing . 
  i mean i guess i can see the similarity in forehead wrinkles and a bit of the ears and nose but when watching a harry potter movie and dobby shows up and is all `` harry potter * must n't * go to hogwarts ! '', 
  whose first reaction is `` oh yeah that 's totally a putin caricature '' ? 
  how the hell would someone even make a dobby - putin connection in the first place ? 
  one mans coup is another mans popular uprising . 
  and i never once claimed otherwise but those other situations did n't cause a civilian airliner carrying 300 souls to go down just yesterday . 
  i never said that we should n't care if none of our citizens are on board . 
  to deny that it is a game changer when your own citizens are on board is just disingenuous . 
  it 's a tragedy either way but obviously when your citizens are involved your level of involvement changes . 
  if there were no american citizens on board for instance do you think the russians would be as willing to allow us investigators access to the site ? 
  and i would probably be inclined to agree with that statement . 
  so every politician ever . 
  the thing is we would n't even be having this discussion if the russian backed rebels were not there in the first place . 
  and the fact is that these rebels are supported by russia and that makes them ultimately responsible in my opinion . 
  and these rebels magically appeared ? 
  my issue with him and many of the other libertarians is that they 'll be talking and i 'll be nodding along in agreement and then they go batshit insane . 
  spoken like a realist . 
  it 's incredibly early in the process of course he 's not as belligerent as i am . 
  i 'm just some pissed off dude on the internet without responsibility and he 's the fucking president . 
  i 've seen this from multiple sources now . 
  even cnn has thrown out 23 a few times . 
  the reaction is not going to be good . 
  it 's just a matter of how strong . 
  i have been getting this reaction too even though i 've never once called for it and have even explicitly said military is a non option . 
  the `` do nothing and blame the americans '' circlejerk is strong . 
  if there 's anything i 'm certain of it 's this . 
  we ca n't rush to conclusions and i 'm willing to be patient but to say i have strong suspicions would be an understatement . 
  too many coincidences . 
  do you mean accident as in mistake a civilian airliner for a ukrainian military craft ? 
  it 's possible but if that 's what happened there 's not an absolution of blame . 
  how in the fuck is talking about sanctions that actually have a bit of bite in any way shape or form calling for military action ? 
  is it because i have a us flag next to my username that that 's the conclusion you jump to ? 
  that i want military action ? 
  how the hell does anyone expect the eu to be taken seriously when they push for countries to join and then when those countries make that decision and go through hell for it the eu collectively turns its back ? 
  the ukrainians did make that decision and it shocks me that europeans who a few months ago were all gung ho and practically already welcoming ukraine to the path to eu membership have turned and run for the hills when the big fucking bear decided it did n't want that to happen ( which even an 8 year old could have seen coming ) . 
  fucking disgraceful . 
  i do n't see how calling for something to be done means calling for war . 
  i do n't think it 's unreasonable to say that this being an accident is incredibly unlikely . 
  yes , you 're right they 're only a country that 's western and eu friendly where the people living there became the first to give their lives just for a chance to have eu ties . 
  of course this justifies all of western europe to turn their back on them in their hour of great need . 
  how silly of me . 
  then why do people act surprised when the eu is treated like a child on the international stage ? 
  why do people think that the 21st century is not going to be like the 20 before it in that soft power does n't mean shit if you ca n't back it up with force ? 
  like it or not human beings are basically a bunch of highly socialized monkeys and we fucking kill each other over stupid shit . 
  that 's been true throughout human history and it 's not going to change anytime soon . 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  because i can guarantee you if that 's true there will be some people baying for russian blood within hours . 
  that 's certainly your prerogative . 
  the way i took `` a plane full of europeans '' was to mean that only * now * have europeans been killed and the many ukrainians that have been killed up to this point do n't mean anything . 
  that may have not been the intention but that 's the way it came off to me . 
  he said the eu and nato are not the world 's police which imo is a gross oversimplification and outright bullshit buzzword in regards to this situation . 
  of course there 's a huge amount of differing opinions and interests inside the eu that makes it difficult to form a united front against an outsider . 
  anybody could have seen that coming . 
  hell here in the us we certainly have that problem and we 're insanely more integrated than the eu . 
  this whole thing is a tragedy but i find it sickening that apparently there are some people who felt the entire ukrainian situation was n't noteworthy until a `` plane full of europeans '' ( never mind that there 's been no report of what nationalities were on board yet ) goes down . 
  also apparently responding to russian attacks on a sovereign nation that has shown desire to be friendly to the west and the ** eu ** ( remember how just a few months ago they were waving eu flags on the barricades of the maidan ? 
  apparently all of western europe forgot ) and now russian backed separatists have apparently shot down a civilian airliner is `` antagonizing russia '' . 
  the ukrainians were more or less told they 'd be welcomed with open arms and this pissed off the big bear and any retarded 8 year old could have seen this coming yet all those people who were cheering the ukrainians on 6 months ago have run for the fucking hills now that shit 's gotten real . 
  disgusting and disgraceful . 
  only in fucking / r/europe can you have that line of logic put forward while simultaneously having 5 threads a day bemoaning the fact that the eu sometimes gets treated like a bitch on the world stage .
