http://www.spiegel.de/politik/ausland/ukraine-russland-schickt-offenbar-panzer-nach-westen-a-1001687.html spiegel has it but again just repeating what nato has said . 
  yeah and suppose shit gets real . 
  i really wonder who will be expected to lead the nato charge . 
  surely would n't be the few members who actually do their `` suggested '' spending and maintain a military that would n't collapse within the first 48 hours of a russian offensive . 
  then maybe europe should step up and do something about it . 
  it 's not like they were waving and dying under eu flags on the barricades of the maidan or anything . 
  maybe putin would take europe and nato seriously if more than a tiny fraction ( 3 or 4 members last i checked , the majority non-european ) spent what they were supposed to . 
  but muh cia/american military industrial complex . 
  so no , europe will do nothing and blame the americans as per usual . 
   later on wednesday evening , a source in the state investigative committee told interfax there were no signs of violence on mr devotchenko 's body , and he may have died by striking his head while drunk . 
  lifenews , a pro-kremlin website with links to the law enforcement agencies , said he had cut his hand and then fallen and hit his head after suffering blood loss . 
  it said empty whisky bottles and empty packets of a drug called phenazepam were found near his body . 
  guy enters with knife , this guy grabs it resulting in cuts on hand . 
  in resulting struggle he has his head hit on table . 
  while he 's dazed guy shoves drugs down his throat . 
  he 'd already been drinking , he is russian after all . 
  why is my story not as good as the one given by a pro-kremlin source ? 
  putin is welcome to try `` liberating '' any native russian populations in the us he can find . 
  hell they 're downsizing the army and a lot of my friends are out of work now . 
  he could try getting alaska back . 
  we could use a good fight . 
  and i understand that . 
  i was n't trying to comment on this mans political views , simply that this man may have this flag up for reasons beyond the extremely simplified european view . 
  i never said anything about a swastika . 
  i never claimed this guy was using this flag for anything . 
  he very well could be a racist and far right extremist . 
  i 've never even heard of the guy . 
  all i 'm saying is that this flag by and of itself should not be thought to simply equate racism . 
  that may be what the average european thinks but in my opinion this is more an example of something being taken out of proper cultural context . 
  europeans misusing the flag does not change its inherent american ( real ) symbolism . 
  in a `` truly '' globalized free market economy there would be freedom of movement for everyone . 
  capital , ideas and goods can already do this but the free movement of labor ( people ) lags far behind and is commonly cited as one of the reasons there still exists such a large divide between the `` rich '' and `` poor '' world . 
  so that would mean free movement of everyone everywhere . 
  but / r/europe changes its tune pretty quick when talking about non-schengen migration . 
  of course it represents the oppression of a race of people and i never claimed otherwise . 
  but it also represents much more than that as well and that 's where things get tricky trying to blanket it solely in the `` slavery '' aspect . 
  of course the civil war was a rich mans war . 
  are n't they all ? 
  the rich paid poor men by the tens of thousands to take their place as `` replacements '' for draft notices . 
  this includes several us presidents who were alive at the time . 
  this is also why you had things like the draft riots and widespread desertion on both sides . 
  there are reasons to have a flag , particularly one with such history behind it as this one , other than honoring ancestors fallen in battle . 
  all i 'm saying is that even in america where that flag has far more controversy and history behind it ( and people that hate it too ) than europe this guy still would n't be considered a racist simply for hanging that flag . 
  if europeans want to oversimplify a symbol with 150 + years of changing history and symbolism to it that 's their business . 
   when no american tailfins are available , raggare are sometimes forced to improvise , like using a mercedes . 
  lol . 
  that is fucking hilarious . 
  like i said though , that flag has wildly differing meanings to different people . 
  here in the us , the place where that flag is from , it certainly has those connotations as well . 
  it 's not that simple though . 
  the fact that some europeans misrepresent it to fit their own needs does n't alter the way the flag is perceived in the land where it 's actually relevant . 
  not sure why this dude wants a confederate flag ( technically it 's a confederate battle flag ) in his office but there 's a lot more to the flag than simply saying that white-power and other far-right groups use it . 
  controversial to say the least but also important to remember that it 's a symbol even today to millions of americans , whose ancestors died under that flag , of their southern culture and way of life , not just to represent the horrors of slavery and the war that ravaged our country more than any other before or since . 
  not sure why this guy has it , like i said , but i do n't think it 's fair to immediately jump to the racist/far-right conclusion . 
  that would n't be done here in the us where the flag has far more controversy , history and symbolism behind it . 
  i do n't see why it should be done in france . 
  agreed , the obvious crazy homeless guy going on about demons and lizard people is n't the one you need to worry about . 
  it 's the perfectly normal looking and acting guy who is the fucking psychopath . 
  i had a buddy who was enlisted with the us marines and fought 3 tours over in iraq/afghanistan . 
  anyway one of the guys in his unit was in a humvee that was hit with an ied . 
  3 of the 4 were gone immediately and the 4th was covered in 3rd and 4th degree burns . 
  this guy had to spend years in a burn center and simply trying to get back to some semblance of a normal life ( in his mid twenties ) . 
  eventually he shot himself . 
  i appreciate the sentiment and where you 're coming from , but i would not be surprised in the slightest if this woman wishes she were dead right now . 
  that 's where you 're wrong . 
  there are racist acts in a legal sense in the us in the form of hate crimes . 
  now whether or not you agree with that is another discussion altogether . 
  alright . 
  thank you . 
  you tried to explain it in an extremely condescending and pretentious manner . 
  if that was really your intent , perhaps go about it in a different manner next time . 
  like i said , i 'm not trying to convince you of anything . 
  no , their race is irrelevant to their `` deeds '' but to think that it does n't play a role in the way society views them is incredibly naive . 
  no i do n't watch doctor who so you 'll have to excuse me from your tv comparison . 
  i can however call bullshit because i 've seen plenty of british television and movies make plenty of use of non-white characters with open talk about their race . 
  ever seen this is england ? 
  that one has a black-british guy in which his race and jamaican-british cultural upbringing affects his life . 
  by your standards of naming one tv show/movie to represent all culture i 'm good now right ? 
  i 'm not sure what you even think i 'm trying to argue . 
  because the argument i feel i presented and the point i was trying to make and what you just threw back at me and said i was trying to say are so different i 'm not even sure if you read my comment . 
  maybe race is not important in your culture . 
  does n't change anything about what i said . 
  and quite frankly i have better shit to do on my sunday than sit here and attempt in vain to try and get you to agree with me . 
  i do n't have the time , patience or will to do that . 
  so peace out . 
  you can consider this `` winning '' if that 's what 's important to you . 
  what the fuck are you even going on about ? 
  i honestly can not even understand what you 're trying to say . 
  you 're just angry at me is all i can tell . 
  you can cherry pick shit i said all you want , but i honestly do n't think i was even attempting to say ( or actually say ) even a quarter of what you accuse me of saying . 
  i am not assuming shit and i certainly do n't attempt to speak on behalf of entire communities . 
  i never once fucking said every black person or white person experiences the exact same culture or upbringing . 
  you can get right the fuck out of here with that bullshit . 
  you 're right . 
  i and every single one of my over three hundred million countrymen are arrogant overgeneralizing bastards . 
  again , it 's not misuse , simply a way you 're not familiar with . 
  if `` going full ` murican '' is to not give a fuck about defending your position on sunday afternoon after a few hours over something this trivial consider me to bleed red , white & blue . 
  you do realize this is because `` african-american '' is in and of itself a giant ass umbrella term ? 
  check out the wiki article on it : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/african_american a term spanning hundreds of years , involving all kinds of cultural and historical significance . 
  to say it boils down to simply differentiating members of society as being of a different race is simply ignorant of american history .
