  btw , i 'm with the `` eu needs an army '' side . 
  i think we need to develop our defense project yesterday . 
  anyway even if this is n't a thing today , we would find a way to get nato involved even if the most eastern countries are n't part of it ... yet . 
  i fear more for the baltics countries than for poland tho . 
   france and germany do n't want to lose their dominance over the eu that 's not the reason ... 
  there are like dozens of reasons before this one even come to a point where it could affect the process . 
  ye well , keep having fantasy scenario in your mind , we 'll never know in the end cause that 's not gon na happen . 
  russia is never going to move against a eu state and eu will never let down a member ... 
  not really . 
  it 's not something that will be push upon people in a short amount of time . 
  at some point in the future , all of humanity will be united and ruled as a single country . 
  it 's just a matter of time . 
  you can put all the energy you want to fight against that process but you ca n't stop it , the same way you ca n't stop the earth orbiting around the sun . 
  you 're really clueless and overly cynical . 
  people do n't like to hear the truth it seems . 
  it does n't work that way at all . 
  we may have a big influence because the two of us make up almost 30 % of eu residents but we do n't `` rule the eu '' . 
  rome was n't built in a day . 
  i think it 's meant to punish the company which hire the models . 
  or maybe this is bullshit and we should give her a break . 
  all of this nonsense is the current government trying to hurt the opposition who where in charge previously . 
  i 'm ready to bet she 's innocent . 
  if you do n't treat cases like that you end up with false accusations to get money out of people . 
  go tell russian people sanctions are not hurting, 
  the soviet union was just russia 's empire . 
  it 's always the same core entity anyway . 
  the leaders are n't idiot , they choose wisely the sectors in which sanctions are taken . 
  russia does n't really have that kind of choice . 
  i very much understand your concerns . 
  however all i can see are good things coming from this move . 
  you do n't have to expect any miracle but in the long term eu can put a lot of pressure onto corrupted government and help cleaning things . 
  this is good news !, 
  lol . 
  fuck the ivth republic . 
  let 's not forget it was a pr . 
  the fn got a shit ton of seats all over the country . 
   restoring the british monarchy to their rightful place of dominion over the french lol . 
  you can also jump back to 1930 and get an even stronger point . 
  there is nothing extreme about their policies . 
  get your head out of your ass . 
  french center is really small . 
  you go from left to right very fast . 
  father , forgive them . 
  they do n't know what they 're doing . 
  exactly . 
  i never say anything about their shape so why are you arguing this with me in the first place ? 
  they originated from the same project so of course they share a lot of similarities . 
  i know . 
  and still , it was having a really hard time versus the rafale during exercices . 
  let 's not even talk of the typhoon who lost straight up . 
  we do n't care about stereotypes . 
  we care that the jet is working well and is being bought . 
  listen , you can be multi role and have an emphasis on a particular area . 
  no need to waste your time trying to teach me something i already know . 
  that 's sad af . 
  please , explain to me . 
  similar roles ? 
  the rafale is a designed to be multi role ( mostly bomber ) while the typhoon is designed to be an interceptor . 
  it might not be for you but it definitly is for us . 
  and that 's what matter in the end . 
  yes he handled the crisis well but what choice did he have ? 
  none . 
  can you credit someone for doing the only thing he can do ? 
  u wot m8 ? 
  left-wing got 5 regions , right-wing/center got 7 and far-right 0 . 
  fuck i hope not . 
  if sarkozy win lr 's investiture we would most likely end up with either hollande or lepen as president in 2017 . 
  that would be a disaster . 
  end result is 7 for center/right , 5 for the left, 
  people do n't want nationalists with ridiculously bad economic project to rule them . 
  how is that pathetic . 
  what a cheap comment . 
  shame on you . 
  actually it 's the opposite . 
  when ukrainians tried to bring down their former president , russia felt its interests were threatened ( economic deals , sebastopol harbor , possibility of having nato + eu at its frontier ) . 
  at this point eu and us diplomacy could have negociated with russia , giving them assurance russian interests would n't get hurt and so on . 
  but we were too stubborn and too happy that ukrainian people were freeing themselves from russian influence and did n't see the war coming . 
  fact is , this clusterfuck could have been prevented . 
  be more clear about the point you 're trying to make because i 'm not a mind reader . 
  the weaponry alone does n't win a war . 
  ukraine 's military is alone on this one and they already failed even with western support . 
  yes , they could win , at the cost of a terrible bloodbath and with a lot of collateral damage . 
  it would ruin the country . 
  it 's too late now . 
  no one is willing to die for ukraine 's territorial integrity . 
  we have to take it as a token of the failure of european diplomacy and try to improve so it does n't happen again . 
  that 's also why we need more europe and not less europe . 
  because they ca n't win this war . 
  so people would die for nothing basically . 
  and why would they do that ? 
  be fucking real ... you 're the typical kind of people far-right are happy to see . 
  you have irrational fears they can exacerbate . 
  you do n't even realize how xenophobic you sound , how disrespectful you are to other countries . 
  you just sound like the most profound asshole who think his country is the only first world while the rest of eu are 2nd/3rd world countries . 
  you 're delusional . 
   why ca n't the territory be reconquered by ukraine ? 
  you mean why ca n't ukraine 's army beat russia 's army ? 
  are you serious ? 
  except isis does n't care if you threaten the population under its control . 
  yes .
