  wtf, 
   if we were doing a cartoon of what 's actually happening , it 'd be the uk trying to get to the door while various ** economical ** leaders hang off its legs dragging it back ftfy, 
  i stop you right here . 
  we hold the whine trophy . 
  if france or germany were behaving as the uk the eu would be dead already . 
  yes it does . 
  empathy is why we have a justice system in the first place . 
  nato does n't really want shared borders with russia . 
  it would rather keep a buffer like ukraine and belarus . 
  damn ... 
  the fact france is behind pre crisis level does n't have anything to do with the eu . 
  it 's our government failing hard . 
  ca n't speak for the other countries . 
  looks like a r/nosleep to me . 
  you dumb fuck , germany is the one paying the most money to help develop and sustain shitholes like greece and eastern countries . 
  yes , germany is making money but the fucking amount of money german citizens give to the cause should make you so ashamed that you just want to burry your head into the ground so nobody can see it . 
  omg ... well , it 's not working anyway ... 
  is this real life ? 
  france ? 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  yeah but you ca n't trust turkey to do that . 
  i 'd rather we finance an eu state . 
  expected . 
  yeah , your politics are not as stupid as ours when it comes to economic policies . 
  yeah i know the state of spain is terrible but the country has reached the bottom and can only get better . 
  but i know france case very well ( no jk lol ) and if we keep the same policy we 're doomed . 
  if something like even the smallest of crisis reach us we become the next spain or italy , except unlike spain or italy , we would bring the whole eu down with us . 
  we are very lucky we can borrow at such low interests but markets can turn on you in a matter of hours . 
  you 're right , english words are better in our dictionnary too :p, 
  not really . 
  same answer for the latin ones . 
  btw i love how half your dictionnary is made of french words : , 
  the real stress test wo n't come from spain or italy . 
  they 've done a lot of good reforms and even if unemployement is still high , they are on a good path . 
  you got to give them just a bit of time ( and hope they do n't vote for podemos ... ) . 
  eu 's sword of damocles is france . 
  our government has n't done anything in 4 years to reduce the deficit and unemployement is still increasing . 
  if the ps or the fn win in 2017 it could be desastrous . 
  eu 's issue is that it can not answer every issue and people have a problem with that . 
  yougoslav war was horrifying . 
  france situation was scary and nerve wracking but not horrifying . 
  words have meanings for a reason . 
  france horryfying an the 80s ? 
  daesh is an issue , terrorism , hunger , global warming , conflicts , natural ressources getting exhausted , human rights violation , etc. 
  but fuck all that shit , eu is evil . 
  people living in different context might have different opinions . 
  what a scoop . 
  yes people , you are right . 
  eu is the cause of all your problems and the destruction of eu/ez/shengen will resolve everything . 
  then a decade later you will have to find an other scapegoat because the issues will still be there but there will be no more eu to blame . 
  should n't you wait until the referendum is over before saying that ? 
  good thing i 've never heard the `` without eu , there 's no peace '' anywhere but from anti eu . 
  you do n't need to add peace to the benefits of eu to make it worthwhile . 
  you killed jeane you fuckers , get out !!!, 
  hum ... 
  it has been announced !, 
  not for me . 
  do n't compare morocco and tunisia you fool . 
  apparently you think we give a shit about you and your country . 
  it 's not like people need business to produce wealth and business need people to fonction . 
  let 's stop antagonising 2 entangled entities . 
  not really . 
  trying to bring ukraine to us was a big mistake and if we try to do the same with belarus it will end poorly as well . 
  yeah . 
  for the eu , turkey is the same thing as bielorussia and ukraine ie a buffer bewteen the western world and the rest . 
  that means we want you to be as close to us as possible without being one of us . 
  it might sounds a bit harsh but that 's just down to earth politic . 
  someone gold this guy , please . 
  yeah let 's do that . 
  banks go broke . 
  everyone loses all their savings , no one can burrow so economy is flat line . 
  people ca n't pay for food , water , rent and energy . 
  in a few days people are on the streets and you either give money to banks or lose your head ( litteraly ) . 
  the regions have a lot of autonomy but everyone there feel spanish . 
  you have 2 separatists movements but the basque are a minority and the catalans want to split for economical reasons . 
  germany is much closer to italy than spain in that regard . 
  you have no fucking clue how companies work . 
  this should be hilarious in a different context but the fact you take that seriously is rather frightening for the future of your country . 
  where are the people from iceland saying they do n't have a last name and use their father 's name + son/dottir instead ? 
  now take some time to think about what would have happened to these countries if the ecb did n't save their banks with not low interest but 0 interest rates . 
  i definitely agree with your 4 . tho . 
  we need direct democracy and less waste of money in brussel . 
   your bitches are relevant to us . 
  ftfy, 
  oh man , you were doing such a good job before you compared italy to spain ... 
   it may still carry his name , but wherether or not it still reflects his opinions is very doubtfull . 
  how can you possibly know what his opinions would be in today 's world ? 
  the fact it was for colonies and male only is most likely only context related . 
  true . 
  ( fuck you , my fingers are bleeding now ), 
  yeah they wo n't win the match that 's for sure . 
  but how many of our players are going to be injured during the game ? 
  that 's the real question . 
  yeah i know . 
  while i do n't think putin will make a move against a eu member , i sometimes hope he does so that everyone gets its shit together and stop messing around . 
  people do n't see that the eu is a necessity because the world is too big and dangerous for little countries with a few million resident . 
  true = /, 
  i 'm sorry if my rosbeef is bad :'(, 
  you guys litteraly see federalists everywhere !, 
  yeah ok let 's say that 's a possibility even if it 's really unlikely .
