yeah . 
  nuclear submarines are for countries which can deploy a whole naval group with carriers , fregates and stuff . 
  in that case you need at least one or 2 nuclear submarines to escort you on the long term . 
  why do you call it the english channel ? 
  that 's selfish af . 
  spain : cheap errands . 
  like the holocaust was a minor detail of wwii right ? 
  come on , fuck off . 
  sounds about right . 
  i 'm gon na tell you something guys . 
  the reason because shit happens with france or us armies is because we are one of the few western countries to actually have an army out there doing the dirty work . 
  so yes , sometimes you will have a soldier who act as a criminal and yes in that case they deserve to be jailed but it 's easy to talk shit about other countries armies when yours is staying warm at home if only you have one . 
  honest question : are people actually buying his bullshit back at home ? 
  they 've done some dirty shit but people are pushing it way too far . 
  advice from someone who 's been there pretty recently , it 's not a good time to lose your sense of humor  i know you 're angry but getting mad at a joke wo n't solve anything . 
  dude , you have to realize you 're jumping on me for no reason . 
  i 'm not blaming the kurds for anything and i 'm not confusing the people and the organisations so please get off my back . 
  sorry , i thought pkk members were kurds . 
  did n't realize he was talking about the kurds , my mistake . 
  but bombing european cities would be like shooting their own foot . 
  i do n't understand the point of this thead . 
  it happened multiple time in the past , it 's happening today and it will happen multiple time in the future . 
  is this making erdogan the new nostradamus ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i 'm having a d\u00e9j\u00e0-vu feeling about this place, 
  and most of them will , that 's how progress work . 
  i mean how do you think new tech are developed ? 
  you think someone just have a idea , work on it a bit and that 's it ? 
  if research teams were to give up every time a project fuck up we would still be in the dark ages . 
  we could do it right now but rockets are expensive . 
  they are a ton of different projects today working on how to send things into orbit at lower cost and energy and at a higher rate . 
  in a few decades nuclear wastes wo n't be a problem at all i 'm pretty sure . 
  may i remind you guys we may walk on mars during our lifetime ? 
  have a little faith in science ffs ... 
  by the time it becomes an issue we will have the means to send the waste into the sun for a ridiculous low cost . 
  no shit, 
  lol i doubt you have tasted nearly enough of each of them to make that decision . 
  are you sure you got the flair right m8 ? 
  edit : flair checks out, 
  i find that `` joke '' dishonest and direspectful . 
  dishonest because it does n't take into account any historical fact and disrespectful because we ( the french people ) were the one hurt by that betrayal . 
  so yes , it 's understandable that some people get a bit touchy on the subject , especially in families which suffered the loss of someone during the war or as resistants during the occupation . 
  but again , i 've heard it so many times that it does n't make me feel anything now except pitty for the ignorant who repeat what so many have said before him . 
  well i went to san francisco and seattle and tbh it felt like any european city in that regard . 
  do n't worry , everyone is not as stupid as that . 
  i 'm glad we are allies and i 'm even sorry you guys have to spend that much money in your military because eu is n't willing to be a decent brother in arms . 
  you guys are funny with that thing because you expect us to be ashamed or pissed or whetever but in fact it does nothing to us . 
  we got betrayed by a general , if you want to make jokes about it more than half a century later , be my guest . 
  i did n't mean he did n't do anything good . 
  but that guy was a gangster who ruled as a king ( which is pretty ironic since he was a socialist ) . 
  chirac was incompetent but it was before the crisis so nobody cared . 
  in fact our last good president was giscard . 
   completely unsure of what to do france unexpectedly declared neutrality . 
  you made my day , i 'm picturing hollande and his moronic face in a press conference looking more lost than he ever was ... 
  the definition is exactly the same as the french one . 
  i do n't understand your point . 
   since `` president '' is usually reserved for someone who has the highest and most important position . 
  president 2 . an officer appointed or elected to preside over an organized body of persons . 
  nah , i 'm done discussing that matter . 
  it has taken too much of my time already . 
  lol . 
  just when i though english people could n't get more stupid you prove me wrong . 
  oh do n't worry , it 's been quite a while now that it 's pretty clear erdogan is leaning more toward a resurrection of the ottoman empire rather than a intergration to the eu . 
  good . 
  let 's go on with it then . 
  i think what we need is the eu to help countries with good armies with their defense budget . 
  i 'm of course talking mainly about uk and france but there 're also italy , germany , etc. 
  in exchange the eu could assign mission to defend eus interests . 
  this way we would have an european army without all the problems that creating a new army with people form all over europe would bring . 
  i was thinking to myself wow , there are still smart americans until i reached the last paragraph . 
  yeah you keep telling yourself that . 
  we have the right to protect the symbols of our republic and so do you . 
  but do you see these laws being abused in france the way they are in turkey ? 
  now it 's your business to find out why or to live in oppression because i can go on the streets and yell that i want hollande to suck my cock . 
  i 'm not sure you can do that in your country . 
  if that 's not a problem for you , so be it . 
  i could n't care less . 
  our government ** is ** weak and ineffectual but this minister is one of the few competent ones and i agree with what he said during this interview . 
  you guys are un-fucking-believable ... 
  as long as you do n't cross the rhine with them ... 
  i 'm offended that you 're offended . 
  are there 1800 + opened cases of insulting the french flag or anthem in france ? 
  something is seriously off with your country , do n't try to shift the attention . 
  you 're delusional . 
  and the frout . 
  that was gud, 
   gon na sound like a real dick here , but that sounds like europe 's fault i beg your pardon ? 
  we are not the ones having a second cold war with russia . 
  are you going to say to our face that you do n't have anything to do with ukraine 's revolution ? 
   it 's a european 's wish list they are western problems but like always you guys do n't give a shit until it affects you directly . 
  yes you sound like a real dick because you are . 
  is this real life ? 
  can i laugh or that would be rude ? 
  same for france , this is bullshit . 
  english led coalitions prevented us to really conquer europe . 
  plus since our country was always devided between having a strong navy or a strong army so you also prevented us to have a huge colonial empire . 
  `` islande '' is the french name aswell . 
  there are exceptions but you 're right, 
  ofc we do, 
  lol , so true,
