  but are the pros worth the cons ? 
  i mean the pros is that you kill every terrorist but the cons is that you kill everyone else as well ... 
   i 've come to hear french people talk about gun-violence and murder among criminal gangs , settling scores it does n't really exists in france . 
  you have like a few shootings a year in marseille but when you compare gang violence in france to the us or mexico we have nothing but angels in our streets . 
  it does n't mean we should n't try to deal with that but people often overreact on that sort of things . 
  the shooting rate in france is extremely low . 
  that period of history is so intense , one of my favourite for sure . 
  you 're absolutly right . 
  but let 's not forget the huge role julius caesar played in that transition . 
  it lacked the name but the republic was dying at that point . 
  let 's not forget as a state italy is less than 200 yold . 
  same for germany . 
  - charles de gaulle, 
  2 ) there 's a word missing in your question , i 'll assume it 's `` solve '' . 
  answer is no . 
  that 's because our diplomacy is shit . 
  we had expert who knew what was gon na happen but nobody listen to them . 
  okay thank you for the input , glad to hear it 's not that drastic tho . 
  you 're absolutly right . 
  we can handle putin because we know how his brain works . 
  he 's a smart man and there 's logic behind what he does . 
  the last thing we want is russia being ruled by a dangerous asshole without any logic . 
  but yeah , it 's really sad to see how little work has been done since the downfall of ussr to modernize the country . 
  i heard recently that 70 % of the wealth of your country is held by 1 % of its residents . 
  what a bunch of mobsters ... 
  never . 
  sebastopol is their only deep water harbor in the black sea . 
  they will never give it away . 
  ever . 
  people assume that in order to succeed eu needs to become the united states of europe . 
  it 's not gon na happen . 
  ever . 
  that does n't mean we ca n't make the eu works but it will be something different , we 'll do it our way . 
  yes we will need to be more unified but nobody is giving up it 's sovereignty . 
  people are never going to accept that . 
   we 're gon na merge into a unified country what ? 
  i 'm being quite harsh for a reason . 
  the standstill is good for nobody . 
  the eu project wo n't fall into pieces . 
  this irrational fear of `` what if '' is exactly the leverage populits use to try and get elected . 
  then why do n't you get the fuck out of eu and wait for mother russia to invade you ? 
  everyone wants the pros of the eu but not the cons . 
  unfortunately it does n't work that way . 
  that 'd be a dream . 
  i know you guys wo n't be able to protect us forever . 
  you have your own interest to watch out for and that 's ok . that 's why we need to step up so we can be on equal foot and work together to make this planet a better world . 
  i realize all of that . 
  but we 're still in democracies and governments ca n't just dismiss public opinion . 
  i 'm more than willing to take it to the next level but most people are n't . 
  and that 's without taking into consideration countries which elected populists governments . 
  the european army is an obligation . 
  people do n't realize our dependancy to the us . 
  be a superpower ? 
  yes . 
  i think every european citizen with a functioning brain knows that without the eu we 're just a bunch of nobodies without any impact on the international scene . 
  however crafting the eu is extremely hard . 
  every time something goes wrong people think the solution is to leave the eu and just turtle up ... like this is going to solve any issue . 
  a lot of people are delusional and vote for populists who blame scapegoats like brussel or germany . 
  as long as france and germany do n't give up the eu wo n't die but man , it 's fucking hard to take it to the next level . 
  the eu wo n't look like a federation anytime soon . 
  history showed us european countries just ca n't give up their sovereignty without starting a bloodbath at some point . 
  the eu needs to develop but it has to take it slow and find its own way of doing things . 
  it 's an utopy to think we can ever fonction like the us for example . 
  i 've yet to see someone saying otherwise . 
  so what ? 
  nothing to add to what my german brother just said , thank 's a lot for helping . 
  if we want the eu to succeed in the long term , a lot of countries should take exemple and give a hand . 
  french dude here , i 'm going to try to explain to everyone what 's going on so everyone can stop fucking freaking out for nothing . 
  france has been way to loose with radicalisation , arms traffic , rogue imams , etc. 
  recently . 
  every one in the country has been asking the government to act on this basically since charlie hebdo . 
  now there is no more time to make laws and proper investigations . 
  our fucking lives are at risks so the only way the government can protect us right now is by bypassing the standard procedures and in order to do that you need the state of emergency . 
  so now , please , amnesty , hrw or anyone else , just shut the fuck up and let us do what we want on our territory . 
  today we want our government to keep us safe , not next year , not next month but right fucking now . 
  our constitution is well enough written so we do n't have to worry . 
  so if we , french people do n't worry , do n't get on your high horse to defend our fucking freedom . 
  thank you . 
  you do n't fly over anyone 's airspace , even if it 's an ally . 
  except if you asked for permission first . 
  i 'm not saying we should forget about it . 
  but it 's like the 2nd or 3rd time i see this mentioned when it 's not relevant . 
  it 's how france was dealing with environmental protesters 30 years ago . 
  the people arrested the other day were n't peaceful protesters . 
  ffs guys , this is so fucking old , stop bringing this up, 
  then what 's the point of even making a sandwich if you do n't eat it with your hands ? 
  this is fucking hilarious . 
  well , french bashing is an olympic sport since 2003 . 
  welcome to the club . 
  yeah we should have 2 carriers . 
  budget cuts , etc. . . 
  yeah you 're right . 
  i guess it 's time for the west to build more carriers then : , 
  india is going to produce rafale by its own so yes , there 's tech transfer there . 
  you do n't really want to sell planes to a country which could sell its tech to anyone until it does n't matter anymore . 
  i 'm not saying all the deals were canceled based on these issues but some were . 
  it 's also true that wether you sell or not your planes depends a lot on the us policy . 
  the us changing its diplomacy toward certain states and conflicts has a huge impact and the rafale is very good option for a country which wants to take some distance with the us , as well as russian aircrafts . 
  you have to add the fact that it takes a while for countries to weight the pros and cons of having such expensive aircrafts . 
  change of government can mean change of defense budget , etc.
