  that proposes to personalize wikipedia , each political group stays within its own echo chamber and do not conflict too much with `` the others '' . 
  i 've heard only about linkedin and was n't aware they did n't agree to the proposed terms ; will investigate other cases . 
  you can read how their cover the linkedin situation in foreign media , it 's a touchy issue . 
  linkedin ( a huge us corporation ) refuses to transfer personal data of users to russia ( a sovereign foreign country ) . 
  personal data of users is a huge issue and governments generally want to store them not in the us , but in their home countries . 
  i 've just wanted to say russia is n't insane anyway , germans are . 
  it hits the news all the time . 
  germany banters twitch users : http://www.esports-news.co.uk/2017/03/27/german-streamers-require-license/ they want to fine social medias for racist posts , and already have the right to take them down : http://www.businessinsider.com/r-update-1-german-cabinet-agrees-to-fine-social-media-over-hate-speech-2017-4 and they implement the same rules regarding `` who controls the internet in my country '' , but probably with more fervor and with the idea they are entitled to the higher moral ground . 
  russia uses the same approach , it forces isps to make changes to their dns servers , use a public one instead and everything works . 
  russian users are often hysterical about blocks of torrent websites and such , like this is unlawful and `` not something france would do '' . 
  ask a german , he will tell you some horror stories on the subject . 
  i 'm not sure what exactly of value is blocked in russia . 
  maybe a few unpopular political websites as a demonstration of contempt , but navalny or bubalny can reach to his auditory through youtube or facebook all the same . 
  they do use a more complex approach to gain control over the information . 
  / r/iran told me telegram is one of the most popular apps in their country , but russian users think it is something rebellious . 
  governments are not afraid of `` the internet '' per se , but they do love to show who 's the alpha male . 
   it would have been nice if they blocked turkish wikipedia . 
  i 've seen americans complaining about political bias on wikipedia , like it 's been `` occupied by liberals '' ( democrat voters ) . 
  russian conservatives had some drama and an exodus in the 2000s , but it does n't seem to be an issue anymore . 
  who knows how bad it is in turkey , from a conservative-voting turk perspective . 
  i remember turks with pro-european sentiment , barely see one nowadays . 
  this sub lives on negative emotions and alienate yesterday 's `` best buddies '' . 
  who could have though the uk would even write these posts . 
  i do n't think it 's made up , as it would be surreal . 
  i do n't have much trust in these media either though after all we 've seen recently . 
  wild conspiracy theories is n't just a turf for the russians , but for everyone who has something to lose . 
  i do not store everything under the hand , but i have seen this in foreign publications . 
  probably even the guardian . 
  you could probably try to google it . 
  are you implying the soviets would not discuss this obvious mater ? 
  if you want to see something like what nato signed with ukraine about its protection , and then did n't protect them , there 's none . 
  they did n't seal a formal binding deal . 
  the claim though is that there was n't nothing like that at all . 
  the russians have no reason to be upset !, 
  but there 's pretty much evidence around ; of the intentions of the both sides ; diplomats have transcriptions of their talks and various accompanying documents , everything 's in there . 
  germany 's sort of not allowed to have an army and take military decisions , and implement their perfect ideas to life . 
  this plane you 're proposing does not come with a `` 100 % win '' guarantee . 
  russkies talk about this non-stop since 1999 . 
  they did n't dissolve the soviet union with an idea of nato still being around . 
  quite obviously . 
   nato is an international organisation that is obviously not very popular to nationalists who hate everything foreign only two of the 11 french presidential candidates are fans of nato . 
  others are sceptics . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/654qho/ten_out_of_the_11_french_presidential_candidates/  the real difference is that if one of those nations would choose to leave , nato countries would n't try to punish then by not buying their wine or passive aggressively threaten them with nukes the russian deal with nato was that eastern european countries would not join the bloc at all . 
  russia does not have a `` nato '' of its own , they do not place scary military stuff in ireland or andorra . 
  the us would go ape shit if mexico was to them what the baltic countries are to russia . 
  in fact they did exactly that and throwed a huge tantrum in 1962 . 
  it 's funny how people have problems to take it at face value . 
  nato wants outposts , some countries offer one . 
  that 's about all . 
  if nato is super-safe for europe why are there major presidential candidates that want to pull their countries out of it ? 
  it does n't make a member country safer , it just makes sure `` whoever it is against '' is eliminated . 
  a very optimistic notion for them indeed . 
  youth unemployment is always higher that the average one . 
  it 's not that 17 % of spaniards or s. italians are unemployed , 30 or 40 % of redditors ' peers there are welfare surfers . 
  they vote staunchly pro-eu though , nothing to worry about . 
   nato insures our protection well , does it . 
  finland prefers to spent shittoans of monies on their military and be ready to massacre russkies , rather than just be nuked . 
  nukes ai n't good for your health . 
  nato if anything endangers your country , but gives other benefits . 
  far-left often takes a softer stance on russia , be that jill stein or jeremy corbyn . 
  not to mention hugo chavez and fidel castro were more sympathetic to russia than to european youth . 
  add argentina 's cristina kirchner or whatever you like . 
  because a man of good morals feels this is inappropriate , but whoopsy , lesser men upvote it anyway . 
  what should i extract of this as a russian ? 
  i do n't know , screenshot this and show it to others maybe . 
   estonian pov made by an estonian  british pov made by a brit  russian pov made by a country russia had a brief military encounter with  instead of a joke or a banter it is a barely veiled accusation slash insult the guy is asking for a downvote as it is the only polite thing to do . 
  the latest news is , he had a heart attack after that and has been delivered to moscow ( which is 840 km far away from saratov ) . 
  [ removed ], 
  she died of brain cancer at age 40 , [ jeanna friske - somewhere in summer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nvkozq0-flq ), 
  [ the 1988 armenian earthquake ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1988_armenian_earthquake ) claimed 50.000 dead and destroyed up to 40 % of armenian infrastructure , sparking a big migration wave to russia and the us . 
  the late ussr had two ominous events , chernobyl and the armenian earthquake . 
  i am not an armenian , but the event does n't seem to be known enough . 
  i 'm even curious why it may upset anyone or provoke a reaction of the sort . 
  it 's a [ simple math ] ( https://img-fotki.yandex.ru/get/4126/13223519.ba/0_a4c58_961309e1_orig ) and everyone knows georgians , armenians and the baltic states were on a special notice in the ussr . 
  the commies had a soft spot for those and did not go the full oppressor mod . 
  you know , gulag and siberia stuff . 
  it 's sparked some continuing role-playing apparently . 
  `` no , you were very cruel to me-e-e-e '' !, 
  they were n't , buddy . 
  i do n't really see it . 
  americans are good at business and when i ask it they laugh it off . 
  will it make sense for the us to give money to mexico or , why not , the whole latin america ? 
  what the us wanted from mexico was cheap workforce and as for now it has spectacularly backfired . 
  we might just cheer that everything falls apart as well . 
  we could n't sell it before 2014 either . 
  ukraine ca n't sell everything they want until they join the eu . 
  eu is restrictive to countries outside of it and profitable to countries inside . 
  it acts as an empire . 
  i 'm telling you , poland sells more furniture to the eu than russia makes on arm deals . 
  russians would like to sell chairs and stuff to europe too , but they 're not allowed to because of the single market . 
  there 's no reason for russia to support it . 
  sounds like `` you 're hitting yourself , stop hitting yourself '' . 
  what good does a single european market do to russia , even in a pure theory ? 
  it seduces countries to avert their eyes from russia ( it requires it , in fact ) , does not let russians trade with france as much as they want and without silly restrictions . 
  as a consequence it favors poland to do things russia might have done instead . 
  poland is a furniture superpower . 
  what i mean is , if you compare the level of economic production and the level of consumption , the baltic states were welfare queens . 
  so much free stuff !, 
  from the experience of interacting online there 's zero difference between russians across the country , with the exception that southern russians draw some attention ; derogatory `` kubanoid '' sounds almost like `` redneck '' . 
  we do n't use this european/asian division and if want to point out something prefer to relate to the ethnicity in question .
