  i am constantly shocked by the things people on this website will happily pay for and put into their body . 
  there 's also https://nintendo-switch.co.uk/ ( which is not an official site ) for a roundup of switch stock . 
  it 's true , but opportunities to point out that someone is a bear are few and far between . 
  did you make a wish ? 
  in turf war , your priority is ink the ground !, 
  the walls do n't count , although you can cover them to aid mobility . 
  you should aim to spend every moment either inking turf or getting to the next patch of turf to ink . 
  the more efficient you are , the more points you 'll score and the more likely it is that you 'll beat the other team . 
  keep checking the map with x , and do n't forget that you can superjump to your teammates by moving the map cursor to them and pressing a. 
  i never thought i 'd read a the raven parody quote like that . 
  less meat on that one . 
  wonderful lettering . 
  as if my work environment is that tidy . 
  also ` tokimune ' ( you 're meant to pronounce the ` e ' ) . 
  actually is / r/korok _ irl, 
  read the rules and update your memes , this is old, 
  it 's almost like a three-panel comic strip , as the country moves out of the dark and into brighter times . 
  although the fact that the afghan languages are written right-to-left perhaps scuppers that ... 
  putting the actual history of the country aside , the story the flag is telling , as described by u/tig999 , is that the country is moving away from a dark and violent past . 
  whether that 's actually true is n't so relevant . 
  i do n't think putting a district on it gets you the production boost - you have to clear it with a builder , and it uses one of their charges . 
  that 's not how photography works, 
  { love live !, 
  but with the good bits ( nico ) removed }, 
  i feel so sorry for you, 
  you can get melon-flavoured melonpan though . 
  i liked it . 
  tfw you 're the only person in the r/anime _ irl discord who knows any japanese so you get asked this kind of stuff all the time, 
  forever the world 's # 1 idol . 
  i mean , she 's * kind of * there . 
  muse 's success is the backdrop to the whole sunshine story , so they appear here and there . 
  for some reason i ca n't get into this story the same way i did the original love live . 
  it 's essentially exactly the same story again , so maybe i 'm just tired of the formula . 
  in splatoon 1 , it was based on how well you had performed over the previous few matches . 
  people on a long win streak appeared near the top , whereas people suffering defeats appeared near the bottom . 
  i do n't know for sure if it 's the same in splatoon 2 , but maybe that sheds some light on it . 
  we removed this post because as moderators we decided that this kind of content is not suitable for the subreddit . 
  keep it in r/dipcifica . 
  yep . 
  japanese borrows a lot of words from english , and that 's one of them . 
  well nintendo never actually said that . 
  the community just guessed it was the case . 
  [ mfw i 'm trawling the new queue and see a shirobako post ] ( https://i.imgur.com/eywynia.gif ), 
  reminds me of bits of the [ up & up ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpntc7uzyri ) music video . 
  yep , the first wave was for enthusiasts , but i think there 's a second wave of vr coming when new , cheaper generations are developed . 
  there is no season 2 ... 
  she 's also hiding in the background of the op gif . 
  [ sakura quest ] ( https://myanimelist.net/anime/34494/sakura_quest ) is the closest you 're gon na get , as it 's made by the same studio and has a very similar cast of characters . 
  removed , off-topic, 
  a hand dryer with [ a website ] ( http://www.puffthemagicdryer.com/ ) , whatever will they think of next . 
  chelmico are da bomb . 
  i ca n't wait for this ep . 
  yes . 
  day 1 with the wii , i got my friend over to play warioware . 
  there was a microgame where you had to swing a skipping rope by waving your hand in a big circle . 
  my friend did that with vigour , and because i was standing too close , his hand holding the remote smacked down onto my nose at full force . 
  it hurt . 
  removed for rule 5 , try r/animemes, 
  ^ ( it 's okay , me neither ), 
  splatfest still going for another five hours here in europe , it 's not over yet !, 
   more zelda-related equipment will be added in addition to this , so please stay tuned . 
  it 's just zelda stuff , although i would laugh if they brought skyrim equipment in after putting botw link in skyrim on switch . 
  we 're getting two years ' worth of splatfests , so that 's a way off yet . 
  happy to say i did team mayo proud . 
  i also had a lot of coleslaw for lunch today , so i need a bit of a cleanse after the mayo overload . 
  in splatoon 1 , they came an hour after the end of the splatfest . 
  i guess it 's the same this time around ? 
  take a look at the subreddit 's [ beginner 's guide ] ( https://redd.it/5mu36n ) . 
  pow , right in the immersion . 
  that 's the sort of spot where i would just want to sit for an hour or two and take it all in . 
  it 's the worst of both worlds !, 
  that squid is adorable . 
  top-left quadrant is fine , but the others are all wrong . 
  ow my ears goddam, 
  i mean , they are though . 
  your position on the leaderboard in ranked is based on your performance over the previous few matches . 
  they did n't add lan to splatoon 1 . 
  i imagine that 's due to technical reasons rather than gameplay design choices . 
  the simple local multiplayer mode in splatoon 1 required the game to be slowed to 30fps , which made everything feel very sluggish and hard to play . 
  it would only be worse in online multiplayer , where there are eight players to keep track of instead of two . 
  you took the bait . 
  the subreddit 's discord is linked in the sidebar : https://discord.gg/xzazkcb, 
  murdoc looked like he was hand-animated rather than motion-captured , meaning better-looking , more detailed ( but much more time-consuming ) animation . 
  i like how ` squid research hq ' is just the nintendo hq building in kyoto . 
  tbf , that one was ' * would you rather go to * the north or south pole ' , not just ` which is better ' . 
  so it 's like , would you rather see polar bears or penguins . 
  literally the opposite of thicc, 
  she 's not real, 
  what is future worm, 
  this is me irl ohhh noooooo, 
  octarians hacking in . 
  do not resist . 
  always upvote { shirobako }, 
   there were a few tracks on here that i thought were filler , did n't do much for me . 
  however there were three or four songs that i would give perfect 10s to on this lp . 
  pretty much my feelings about humanz too . 
  { the greatest work of animated television ever made }, 
  that feels so against the spirit of koroks though . 
  have i been bamboozled here ? 
  sure , if you learn how to take good screenshots,
