  i do n't really like the look of a tiny logo right in the middle , but i have just shrunk the size of the blue bar underneath it to save on vertical space . 
  thanks for the suggestion !, 
  you 're right , it was a tight fit before . 
  an official journal 3 will be released this summer , which will be our epilogue . 
  the bar needs to be long , because its contents change depending on what page you 're on , what type of user you are and what extensions you have installed . 
  [ on the main page ] ( http://i.imgur.com/o8bouur.png ) , for example , it lists all the ways you can sort posts , and extensions like reddit enhancement suite ( which is very popular ) add more buttons to the list . 
  by being the whole width of the page , it becomes super adaptable for all circumstances . 
  if you 're on your phone , the [ mobile site ] ( http://m.reddit.com/r/jetprogramme ) is probably a better option . 
  i find browsing any subreddit on my phone to be a bit of a pain ... 
  the order of names on the poster is decided by the actors ' contracts , not the poster designer . 
  removed because only one of these is ( barely ) gf-related . 
  hellotalk is great !, 
  lang-8 is also good for making friends , as writing about something interesting can serve as a good icebreaker for a more pen-pal relationship . 
  during genki i , i found it helpful to read a chapter , do the exercises , then write a lang-8 post using what i just learned . 
  that way you can be sure you 're exercising what you 're learning as you go along , get feedback , and start chatting to people . 
  well , [ there 's this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gpwxwhanxis ) . 
  that 's a cabin hotel rather than a capsule one - you 're not tucked into a shelf , but instead in a tiny hotel room with only a curtain separating you from everyone else . 
  it 's still pretty unique , but perhaps not as quirky/weird as a capsule hotel . 
  removed for being off-topic . 
  those five days in tokyo could really be whatever you want them to be !, 
  you could do the touristy stuff like see the castle , or the ( really cool ) senso-ji temple or go up the skytree . 
  or go to odaiba for a glimpse of the future , or ueno park for all its museums . 
  or head to shimokita or koenji to see the more underground scenes and live music . 
  or go on a day trip to nikko ... 
  i 'm i guess this is n't helping to shorten your list . 
  try plotting everywhere you want to go on a map and see if you can group them into days , then build an itinerary from there . 
  nara can definitely be done in half a day , but make sure you plan out the day beforehand and keep an eye on the clock if you want to do stuff in kyoto on that day too . 
  sounds like a plan , baby, 
  removed - off-topic/no memes, 
  removed for being off-topic, 
  removed for being off-topic , only one of these is ( barely ) gf-related . 
  we 've had to remove a lot of your posts lately , if you keep it up we 'll just have to ban you from the subreddit so you 're forced to stop making them . 
  that 's a great suggestion , thank you !, 
  i did n't remove this post , one of the other mods did . 
  there 's more than just me on the mod team , you know ... 
  fyi , you have been shadowbanned meaning none of your posts or comments show up without a moderator approving them first . 
  if you want to know why you got banned , try [ messaging the admins ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2fr%2freddit.com ) . 
  before someone asks : no , we 're not having this as an emote . 
  i do n't want to ban you guys but if you 're going to spam weird off-topic stuff like this , i wo n't have a choice . 
  removed, 
  removed , please do n't spam emotes . 
  this is fun to watch , but from an animation standpoint nothing really feels like it has any weight to it . 
  maybe that was a stylistic choice , but it means that everything feels very obviously cg . 
  i feel like that first moment with the hobo 's radio could have had a slightly longer hold at the peak of it , because right now it feels he just turns around while swinging his arm out . 
  for the rest of his animation , he does n't put his weight on anything , making him seem as if he 's made of polystyrene . 
  the same is true of the robot : at 0:12 when it takes both feet off the floor , it does n't seem to be affected at all . 
  in reality , it would have to put its foot down much quicker to avoid falling over . 
  a lot of these problems can be avoided by working from reference , so you should try recording yourself doing these dances ( or whatever you decide to animate next ) and watch how the parts of the body move to keep you upright . 
  congrats on managing to model , texture , rig and animate a whole short film though . 
  that 's an achievement in itself !, 
  i 've made this point many times , but they never seem to listen . 
  removed , [ we already had this posted ] ( https://redd.it/49gv74 ) and do n't need a repost so soon . 
  you 're probably looking at off-peak times , the ` users here now ' counter easily passes 100 every day after around 5pm uk time . 
  check the [ subreddit traffic stats ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/gravityfalls/about/traffic/ ) , we 've actually been getting * more * daily visits since the finale , not less . 
   behind the pines, 
  between the pines *, 
  it 's not necessary to watch the shorts because they do n't affect the story , but they 're hilarious and totally worth it . 
  removed . 
  just stop . 
  ok , i removed it . 
  and what you 're doing is n't new , i 've seen a hundred posts where people do this and think it 's funny . 
  removed for being off-topic, 
  [ this is the original post ] ( https://redd.it/2ad6k2 ) where the guy explains how they did it . 
  removed for being off-topic . 
  bernie befuddlefumpter for president 2016, 
  i know it 's alex , but this is n't actually gf related so i 'll have to remove it . 
  try / r/alexhirsch instead !, 
  ^ ( miiverse is social media ), 
  did you try joining a game ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the game shows miiverse posts from your previous game if it ca n't find any new ones . 
  my greatest shame is that i watched this show all the way through . 
  do n't tell anyone . 
  it 's not legit at all silly , anyone can add stuff to google maps . 
  do n't worry , we 'll get a proper search . 
  the time is n't right yet . 
  over my dead body !, 
  that 's how it works in normal text too . 
  if you ca n't recognise it by the font , the context should give it away . 
  most of switzerland fits that description !, 
  there are no parts of europe that have been made `` too dangerous '' because of immigrants , least of all switzerland which is pretty tough on immigration . 
  beautiful cities , beautiful nature , beautiful people . 
  go , you 'll love it . 
  seriously if someone wants to 1v1 me on smash i 'll do it . 
  yeah , gameplay-wise the game has all the features it needs . 
  there are just some small things like this or lan support that would allow for a lot more competitive opportunities . 
  i 'm not expecting it though . 
  no , anyone can add stuff to google maps . 
  it just says `` be my friend . '', 
  / r/translator is a better place for this !, 
  yeah it is , just make sure you 're paying attention . 
  in shops that stock adult stuff , it 's generally only on the top floors and is clearly signed so you do n't accidentally walk in there . 
  it 's very easy to avoid if you would rather steer clear . 
  we 've had this posted a few times and removed it , this is what was written last time :, 
   these kind of posts get removed because they fall under rule 7 , we get a lot of these political posts to the point of them being reposted and generally considered low effort . 
  so sorry but i 'm removing this !, 
  [ message the moderators ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2fr%2fanime_irl ) if you think it was a mistake . 
  removed , rule 7 no screenshots, 
  got ta keep up if you wan na be the # 1 mod b ), 
  because the daylight savings date is different in so many different countries/states/provinces / counties etc. , it would be crazy to have the rotation try to follow it . 
  the rotation carries on every 4 hours , as normal .
