  . . is n't that basically what gold/silver/crystal were ? 
  that 's not true at all . 
  all forms of animation - 3d , 2d , stop-motion and beyond - are always developing as long as people are making films using them . 
  both technically and artistically , the animated films of today are different from those 10 , 20 years ago . 
  also , there 's nothing basic about laika 's stop-motion . 
  i 've removed this for not being relatable , just funny . 
  if you think this was a mistake , please [ message the moderators ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2fr%2fanime_irl ) . 
  [ nwplayer thinks there will be callie & marie amiibo due to some data found in the latest patch , but is being a tease about the details . 
  get some friends and voice chat ? 
  people stopped complaining about the lack of voice chat within a week of the game 's release when people realised it was actually a good choice . 
  nah , one was enough, 
  given the existence as uttered forth in the public works of puncher and wattmann of a personal god quaquaquaqua with white beard quaquaquaqua outside time without extension who from the heights of divine apathia divine athambia divine aphasia loves us dearly with some exceptions for reasons unknown but time will tell and suffers like the divine miranda with those who for reasons unknown but time will tell are plunged in torment plunged in fire whose fire flames if that continues and who can doubt it will fire the firmament that is to say blast hell to heaven so blue still and calm so calm with a calm which even though intermittent is better than nothing but not so fast and considering what is more that as a result of the labors left unfinished crowned by the acacacacademy of anthropopopometry of essy-in-possy of testew and cunard it is established beyond all doubt all other doubt than that which clings to the labors of men that as a result of the labors unfinished of testew and cunnard it is established as hereinafter but not so fast for reasons unknown that as a result of the public works of puncher and wattmann it is established beyond all doubt that in view of the labors of fartov and belcher left unfinished for reasons unknown of testew and cunard left unfinished it is established what many deny that man in possy of testew and cunard that man in essy that man in short that man in brief in spite of the strides of alimentation and defecation wastes and pines wastes and pines and concurrently simultaneously what is more for reasons unknown in spite of the strides of physical culture the practice of sports such as tennis football running cycling swimming flying floating riding gliding conating camogie skating tennis of all kinds dying flying sports of all sorts autumn summer winter winter tennis of all kinds hockey of all sorts penicillin and succedanea in a word i resume flying gliding golf over nine and eighteen holes tennis of all sorts in a word for reasons unknown in feckham peckham fulham clapham namely concurrently simultaneously what is more for reasons unknown but time will tell fades away i resume fulham clapham in a word the dead loss per head since the death of bishop berkeley being to the tune of one inch four ounce per head approximately by and large more or less to the nearest decimal good measure round figures stark naked in the stockinged feet in connemara in a word for reasons unknown no matter what matter the facts are there and considering what is more much more grave that in the light of the labors lost of steinweg and peterman it appears what is more much more grave that in the light the light the light of the labors lost of steinweg and peterman that in the plains in the mountains by the seas by the rivers running water running fire the air is the same and then the earth namely the air and then the earth in the great cold the great dark the air and the earth abode of stones in the great cold alas alas in the year of their lord six hundred and something the air the earth the sea the earth abode of stones in the great deeps the great cold on sea on land and in the air i resume for reasons unknown in spite of the tennis the facts are there but time will tell i resume alas alas on on in short in fine on on abode of stones who can doubt it i resume but not so fast i resume the skull fading fading fading and concurrently simultaneously what is more for reasons unknown in spite of the tennis on on the beard the flames the tears the stones so blue so calm alas alas on on the skull the skull the skull the skull in connemara in spite of the tennis the labors abandoned left unfinished graver still abode of stones in a word i resume alas alas abandoned unfinished the skull the skull in connemara in spite of the tennis the skull alas the stones cunard ... 
  definitely the best option if you can track these down !, 
  it 's the most atmospheric place i 've ever eaten ramen for sure . 
  you do n't need any japanese to get served , it 's a ramen stall so they already know what you want . 
  judging by all the responses people have come up with in this thread , anything could happen if you watch the gif for long enough ... 
  well , perhaps give it up for [ samuel beckett ] ( http://samuel-beckett.net/waiting_for_godot_part1.html ) instead . 
  neither did i honestly , this turned out to be way more popular than i expected !, 
  the enemy team ca n't hear your nices . 
  `` i spend 16 hours a day running a company . 
  you spend 16 hours a day playing splatoon . '', 
  oh god , not that fish , not after what happened to / r/me _ irl, 
  there 's nothing to suggest that it will be updated . 
  hammerhead splat zones is what took me up to s !, 
  pick the tri-slosher and get at least one special charge up , then laugh at your ability to activate the bubbler , run the length of the zone and reclaim it , no matter how dire the situation is . 
  thank you for your service o7, 
  removed for being off-topic, 
  the rule is that the actual content of your post has to be gf-related , regardless of the title . 
  is the quality of content here so bad ? 
  i know the `` jus ' right '' meme kicked off today and i 'm keeping a close eye on it , but i do n't see it getting out of hand . 
  removed, 
  yeah , but this is a picture of mr krabs and he 's not from gravity falls . 
  it 's a shame , because old urchin underpass was really good for them . 
  that was 8 months ago !, 
  after the joaje wave , we rethought how we deal with off-topic and meme-y posts here , which is why the rules are a bit stricter now . 
  yep , this sort of thing is n't uncommon . 
  i read an interview with the guy who designed calibri ( the word 2007 default typeface ) , and he had no idea he was working for microsoft at the time , they were just a mystery client . 
  i had a look , but it was years ago so i could n't find it . 
  i 'm sure it would n't be out of the question to get him to come for an ama , though . 
  [ ] ( #tad ) i like bread . 
  we 're letting it slide for now because at least all the posts are oc , on-topic and not * terrible * quality , but we might have to step in if it drags on . 
  for now , pacha on . 
  it happened because there was big news yesterday , which resulted in the community going nuts . 
  it 's not that uncommon whenever a large , active subreddit has a big event take place . 
  miitomo will try to get people signed up through mobile devices , regardless of whether they have a nintendo console . 
  given how mind-bogglingly popular f2p mobile games can be , it 's not unreasonable to expect that a lot of the remaining total will come from there . 
  it still seems an unreasonably high number though , you 're right . 
  removed for being rude, 
  ha ha very funny but removed for being off-topic . 
  removed for being off-topic, 
  yep , but i do n't think anyone put together a nice side-by-side comparison like this . 
  the credits were stop-motion , the rest was 100 % cg . 
  i 'm sure they did a lot of reference animations behind the scenes that were n't used in the movie , though . 
  alright , [ enough is enough ] ( https://redd.it/44468h ) , it 's time to clamp down . 
  removed for being memey, 
  i 've been there !, 
  alex is twisting the details a bit . 
  [ the shrine ] ( http://tokyoexcess.blogspot.co.uk/2015/05/kanda-myojin-love-live-shrine-in.html ) is featured in the massively popular anime love live !, 
  school idol project . 
  as a result , it became a pilgrimage spot for fans of the show ( like me , lol ) . 
  the place where you write down your wishes for the future , which at most shrines is filled with prayers for health and happiness in the future , is now filled with drawings of the show 's characters and people wishing them the best . 
  and also , it seems , grunkle stan . 
  i went traveling japan in september , and love live !, 
  was * everywhere * . 
  i do n't think there was a single day where i did n't see \u03bc 's faces . 
  it 's massive . 
  there 's already / r/logophilia ... 
  the system is n't ideal , but it gets the job done . 
  we have no other use for the nsfw tag because nsfw stuff is n't allowed here , so it makes sense to repurpose it . 
  well i hope that now it 's been explained , you wo n't be confused anymore . 
  removed for being off-topic, 
  disney released a promo for weirdmageddon iii , then pulled it because it had one shot that revealed a little too much information and replaced it with an identical one with the shot removed . 
  then they made a new promo , made the same mistake and pulled the same trick . 
  you could certainly make something of a night in fukuoka . 
  track down the [ yatai ( food stalls ) ] ( http://www.japan-guide.com/e/e4803.html ) for dinner and just soak up the night atmosphere . 
  that sounds like an amazing trip !, 
  it was n't my first time in the country , but it 's certainly the most traveling i 've done alone . 
  [ i made a lil ' video . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/dpvix3ibvpg ), 
  do n't let it bug you , it was a joke about how silly time travel stories can get . 
  they 're not on a strict schedule , they just happen whenever . 
  but it is usually once every three weeks . 
  saying `` the character limit will be removed '' is misleading - they 're just working on a separate utility that will allow you to post longer messages . 
  [ here 's the tweet ] ( https://twitter.com/jack/status/684496529621557248 ) the ceo made about it . 
  he only asks that you accept his layered presence into your heart . 
  it changes her final smash , too . 
  removed for being off-topic, 
  it 's so obvious that the people who made this show have never spoken to a british person in their life . 
  it 's kinda painful . 
  eh it 's moe who cares, 
  it 's not just the voice acting ( which may be far from a believable english accent , but you can tell they 're trying , bless 'em ) , but lots of other details like the fact that blond people are actually very rare in the uk . 
  if i were to design an average `` cute british girl '' character , there 's no way she 'd be bleach blonde . 
  removed for being off-topic, 
  kind requests only go so far . 
  yep , in a developer interview they said that all the locations can be reached by train , and they even drew up a rough map of their relative locations . 
  so if someone wants to piece the maps together , you would find that there is a common thread . 
  ford 's existence does n't count as a spoiler . 
  new information is only a spoiler for 24 hours after an episode airs . 
  after that , it 's fair game . 
  we 'll have a discussion/reaction thread for it here , i can tell you that much .
