  why ? 
  well , because i never watch tv anymore i do n't think i 'm quite qualified to answer this . 
  it 's certainly one of the best animated shows airing , but i ca n't give a balanced opinion here . 
  * do you enjoy the sense of community brought by my little pony ? 
  yes , it 's truly magical what can happen when some creative people pour real effort and imagination into something . 
  * if you were to describe your philosophical stance on life , what would that be ? 
  i 'm 17 , with university just around the corner . 
  there 's so much for me to do , i ca n't waste a day . 
  fim , both the show and the fandom , makes a wonderful inspiration trigger . 
  * do you feel liking my little pony is something unaccepted by the majority of society ? 
  mlp itself ? 
  no , of course not , it 's a giant brand and many people ( girls ) grew up with it . 
  i feel what you 're trying to ask is whether being male and liking mlp is accepted . 
  where i come from , yes it is . 
  sure , it 's a bit weird , but it 's something interesting and quirky . 
  other people would probably never join the herd , but they do n't get angry or discriminate at all . 
  more than once have i been asked to talk about it and why it 's so good . 
  * if there was no community for my little pony , would you still be a fan of the show ? 
  i would never have heard of it . 
  if i had , i 'd enjoy whatever episodes i would watch , but i 'd never become quit as crazy about it as i am . 
  hope that helps you !, 
  you 've got enough walls of text to read here to put together a mansion . 
  i kind of missed the lost event , i watched it all on box sets . 
  scott pilgrim is my favourite because he 's a nerd like me . 
  i 've read the first three or four volumes of the graphic novel and in there he 's the type of person i 'd love to be , childishly funny and giggling at everything ( the most notable quote : `` i like elevators . '' ) . 
  and yes i 've seen hot fuzz , and i liked it a lot . 
  go ahead , that 's why i wrote it all !, 
  it doubt it does , the credits are the same at the end of every episode and they only list the leading roles . 
  they even credit characters who were n't in the episode , like the cmcs . 
  confound those pound puppies, 
  you 're not alone . 
  i tried reading it but i could n't stand the writing style , so i quit half way through in frustration . 
  lauren faust left the show nearly a year ago ... 
   if we 're basing her off of the fans views , she 's a simple averagely intelligent background pony who has the misfortune of having derp-eyes . 
  that 's not true . 
  the wonderful thing about derpy is that she has so many fanon characters . 
  there 's a `` scale of derpitude '' ( as apple cider from bronyville once put it ) , ranging from a normal pony with a sight impediment to a bonkers klutz who ca n't talk about anything except muffins . 
  the production team seems to have gone towards the latter end of the scale , which fits much better in the context of a cartoon . 
  i was expecting spaghetti . 
  we use the nsfw tag here to hide spoilers . 
  none of the things are actually nsfw . 
  ( i 've seen this question asked at least three times today , the explanation needs to be made more prominent in the sidebar . ), 
  i 'm pretty sure this is a really old screenshot . 
  i recognise it from long ago . 
  i think if lauren was still on the team , derpy would never have got a line . 
  part of the joy was that she 's entirely the fandom 's character ( and she still is ours , but not entirely anymore ) . 
  equestria daily posted this a while back :, 
  the most important quote being, 
   ratings on the hub are at their highest ever , with friendship is magic as a headliner . 
  the channel is now able to directly compete for ratings with more established saturday programming . 
  also relevant :, 
  yeah , she left fim in april . 
  you really did n't know about this until now ? 
  the first time i saw diamonds , i spent about 10 hours going back and forth from my house , getting an iron pick , then forgetting where the diamond was , dying and losing the pick , not knowing where i died , seeing the diamonds again ... 
  there were only three diamonds there anyway . 
  is that an octavia skin i spy ? 
  if this is singleplayer , download [ gamemode changer ] ( http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/618470-gamemode-changer/ ) , switch to creative and punch your way back in . 
  in circumstances like this it 's acceptable . 
  edit : derp , just noticed the chat in the corner . 
  because it was developed for television by her , of course !, 
  as the show 's creator , she gets the main credit . 
  that 's what pretty much all cartoons do ( spongebob always credits steven hillenburg , for example ) . 
  she was completely involved with production for season 1 , then took a back seat and only worked on some of the scripts for season 2 , then left for good in april . 
  there 's lots and lots to be found here :, 
  being able to pick it up without using any piston or dropping-on-torch trickery would be nice though . 
  no preview for mine little pony , no deal !, 
  although for non-bronies it looks totally worth it . 
  but it does n't look like you have the mine little pony mod , which is what you need to finish the look . 
  installing mods is easy peasy when you look past the daunting prospect of going to % appdata % / minecraft . 
  they all come with installation instructions , there 's no excuse . 
  here 's mine little pony : http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/748553-11-mine-little-pony-v11/, 
  man , you 're good at pony drawing . 
  i ca n't clop to this . 
  you know what this reminds me of ? 
  20 minutes away , right ? 
  derp , time zones . 
  thanks . 
  eh , i 'm not so convinced . 
  i think their dark green colour is enough . 
  i 'm pretty sure the height is capped because massive height limits mean massive amounts of blocks being saved , and massive world save files . 
  that 's right girls , we 're going to show those pound puppies who 's top quadruped around here !, 
  to name a few . 
  i do believe it was [ sibsy ] ( http://sibsy.deviantart.com/ ) , one of the storyboard artists who started this . 
  not particularly , i was just tracing my pencil drawing . 
  by `` art style '' in the title i meant that i did n't know whether i want to go down the route of natural-looking brushstrokes , coloured pencils or show-imitating vectors ( or any other of the many many mediums out there ) . 
  i learned a lot from making this image and i kind of like vectoring so this wo n't be my last . 
  i was using photoshop 's pen tool , and the tutorials from / r/mlpvectors . 
  those are better suited to vectoring stills from the show though . 
  does photoshop have said path effect tools ? 
  the backlash was from a really tiny number of people , but big companies like hasbro care a lot about their pr . 
  one article against them could lose them a lot of money , and the trust of many many customers . 
  while that would probably be the case if they tried , i do n't think that 's a sufficient reason to explain why they 're trying to eradicate derpy from everything official . 
  there 's a certain amount that spawns per chunk . 
  normally that 's not so bad when they 're only in tight caverns , but when they can spawn everywhere , they do . 
  i think there needs to be more slimes . 
  where where where where, 
  yes i am jealous . 
  i need them . 
  brb , going to the shop . 
  that 's what i thought when i saw this .
