no , she 's worse . 
  what makes you think a war with russia would only be fought with conventional weapons ? 
   hitler had no intention of invading the uk i 'm sorry , what ? 
  what about the battle of britain and all that stuff then ? 
  yeah but we have nukes . 
   russia is more than a match for any individual european country . 
  not really . 
  uk and france have nukes . 
  if it came down to it , both sides would be devastated . 
  i 'd take trump over and uk party leader right now . 
  thought honestly , i would consider voting for trump over what we have in the uk . 
  i can stream 4k 60fps video on my 72mb/s connection . 
  you could have like 14 porn streams going simultaneously with gigabit !, 
  they get a free pass from me because anime , 
  that 's actually not a bad idea though , they should actually do that . 
  it 's not really democracy if one side won it by lying and appealing to populism , and it was n't legally binding anyway . 
  ok , just as long as you 're not doing that in my country , no problem at all . 
  `` saying that taking refugees is bad is something i disagree with , therefore it must be right wing because right wing = bad right guys ??? '', 
  fine , do n't stop anything then . 
  no one is asking you to do that . 
  the british government has indeed expressed an intent to leave , but it 's not certain at this time . 
  the uk has not begun any sort of exist process . 
  what people do n't seem to understand is that we might not decide to leave . 
  so what happens if we decide to stay but did n't veto the army plans , then we would have to deal with that which we do n't want . 
  is n't that the same thing more or less ? 
  it 's not , it means if we decide not to leave we do n't have to agree to something we did n't want . 
  how is it going to be more financially efficient with even more bureaucracy ? 
  britain has it too . 
  oh , i almost forgot we might be leaving =[, 
  argentina invaded us though , so surely we would be allowed to send forces in that case ? 
  it says if a state is invaded it can send troops without federal authorisation . 
  so what if they wanted to set up some sort of flat tax rate but could n't because of that ? 
  does n't sound very fair to me . 
  yeah that 's right ;p, 
  the death rate in syria is only 30 % higher than in great britain . 
  very few of the people `` fleeing '' to europe are in any actual danger . 
  they 're economic migrants using the war as an excuse . 
  a place that sells ladders and stuff in britain . 
  demand for skyrockets also skyrockets , as migrants have started using them to circumvent the wall , 
  so no americans allowed ? 
  harsh , but fair . 
  i would if i could . 
  who would n't ? 
  oh dear , someone appears to have gotten all angry and upset , 
  i think you misunderstand the situation entirely . 
  uranium is a naturally occurring element , all we do is take it out of the ground , freshen it up a little , use it for power generation and then put it back ... 
  it 's a net decrease in radioactivity in fact . 
  we 're doing the planet a favour . 
  i think you need to do some more research . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  neither of those things are true . 
  people die from construction , maintenance , and deconstruction of wind turbines for example , especially when you take into account the mining of all the materials that go into then . 
  there is no such thing as zero deaths per kwh . 
  spent nuclear fuel does not need to be stored for 300 ' 000 years , you have false information . 
   also , there are safer alternatives to nuclear power . 
  huh ? 
  like what ? 
  i thought nuclear was by far the least deaths per kwh . 
  what the fuck ... 
  get that political correctness nonsense out of here . 
  is nuclear not considered renewable energy ? 
  in school i was always taught that it is . 
  when did i ever mention nato ? 
  that does n't factor into this . 
  yes we are on the `` same side '' as the us but they have a vested interest in making sure other superpowers ca n't stand up to them . 
  so they can keep being self appointed world police . 
  well , a lot of people think they were against brexit but the us benefits a lot from a weak europe . 
  i 'm not really buying that `` uk was their entry into the eu '' argument . 
  the leak is n't released yet so how can you possibly be sure of that ? 
  if it turns out they influenced brexit there 's gon na be a shitstorm , and rightfully so . 
  hmm , well that depends on the definition of a terrorist attack i suppose . 
  haha , waaaaay more than that . 
  try once a week . 
  they are ? 
  \u00f3_\u00f2 jezza is short for jezebel , my name :p, 
  same here , in king 's cross train station . 
  yeah ? 
  i do n't see your point . 
  also i am not a guy =[, 
  yeah but they commit more crimes . 
  do n't you get it , that 's the whole point !, 
  they 're making people be racist against them so that they have something to complain about . 
  i like to call them `` black supremacists '' . 
  run the fuckers down, 
  that really is an excellent way of putting it , and pretty accurate too . 
  well go on then , defend your position . 
  do n't just tell him he 's wrong and act all superior and insulting , why do you think blm is necessary in the us ? 
  some coppers do have guns , particularly in london around important buildings ( parliament , etc. ), 
  but yeah , the vast majority do n't and i 'd like to keep it that way . 
  it 's alright , chavs are n't human so we can say whatever we want about them , 
  people should 've just run them over . 
  haha , no , no they do n't, 
  funny thing is , a few months ago trump was being criticised for his policy to temporarily ban muslim immigration into the us . 
  sometimes i feel that we 'd be better off without democracy entirely . 
  so if i 'm reading that right , they do it so that they get less pleasure out of sex so they can do it for longer . 
  because that totally makes sense ... 
  hmm . 
  no thanks , i think we 'd rather stay and keep our special snowflake deal , 
  what makes you think that ? 
  as a remain voter , reading this makes me not feel so bad about our referendum result .
