  leave the uk \u25a1 remain in the uk \u25a1, 
  what makes you think that ? 
  i 'd imagine that being a woman would attract more votes due to it being seen as progressive which would more than make up for any losses due to what is surely a tiny minority of people who would n't vote for her for that reason . 
  dae right wingers are literally nazi scum !?!?!, 
  the sad part is i ca n't even tell if you 're serious . 
  there are some snowflakes who genuinely believe that doing a nazi salute is equal to actually oppressing people . 
  you 're arguing that the judicial system has control over the laws of the land . 
  this is false . 
  ah ok . that makes sense . 
  does it ? 
  huh i did n't know that . 
  i browse amazon.de occasionally because sometimes it 's cheaper to buy stuff there compared to uk amazon and they write prices as `` eur x , yz '' , i think that confused me . 
  alright , how about if you use some stolen parts and some legit parts to make a car . 
  does the `` stolen '' flag transfer to the aggregate object ? 
  or does it get diluted ( i.e. 
  50 % stolen ) ? 
  or maybe mixing them with real parts legitimises the object ? 
  # 2725 / $ 2994 on coinbase . 
  here 's a philosophical question : if you steal the factory and use it to make cars , are the cars stolen ? 
  oh look , this comment again . 
  arresting officer : `` we found 99kg of cheese ! '', 
  chief inspector : `` we caught him with 90kg of cheese '' prosecutor : `` we are charging him with possession of 75kg of cheese '', 
   how is it okay to say you 're a `` normal gay '' and more flamboyant people are n't okay ? 
  i still never said that though ... you can write as long of a paragraph as you like , your entire argument is still based on complete junk because you were putting words in my mouth . 
  also calling your argument `` unarguable '' just makes you sound arrogant and stupid . 
  i 'm arguing with it now , so is it unarguable ? 
  : thonking :, 
   calm down i 'm not mad ? 
   and calling yourself a `` normal gay '' i never said that ? 
   inarguably shitty is it inarguable , or is it just your opinion ? 
   how does bravery factor into any of this ? 
  it factors into it because i was making a sarcastic comment with regard to your pathetic virtue signalling . 
   hope you congratulated them for their bravery also . 
  they were saying the opposite of what you said , so no ? 
   moderator of  r/womenfortrump  r/mittromney  r/thanksobongo the fuck does that have to do with anything ? 
   this is a very right-wing sub kek, 
   i 'm a gay man but gay pride is embarrassing and makes us normal gays look bad what exactly is tiring about that ? 
  as a gay woman i think `` pride parades '' are a dumb idea in the first place and made even worse by tacky displays such as this one . 
  i mean , do you not think gays should be allowed to criticise pride parades ? 
  do you think / r/europe should be a safe space where nobody is allowed to criticise anything as long as it 's pro-gay ? 
  i have to say aussies are at least equal to us . 
  maybe better . 
  wow , so brave posting something like this on leddit . 
  the whole thing is tacky as fuck . 
  sadly , some people are going to think all gays are like that . 
  vocal minority and all that . 
  most of us do , i think . 
  never apologise for the truth, 
  i just use amazon video , or if the thing i want to watch is n't on that , the pirate bay . 
  that 's a bit of a silly thing to say , any history really comes down to one 's interpretation of the sources . 
  in this case it may be very clear-cut but not in all cases . 
  1 - agree 2 - agree 3 - agree 4 - agree 5 - agree in what way am i a bigot ? 
  it 's something other humans are allowed to do by law that we are n't . 
  that 's pretty close to a human right . 
  it 's something other humans are allowed to do by law that we are n't . 
  that 's pretty close to a human right . 
  lol yeah i 'm the fearful one . 
  oh i do accept that fact . 
  unfortunately it is true . 
  does n't mean i ca n't be horrified at people defending bigotry . 
  yeah , imagine if trump or may did something like this . 
  anyone defending them would be downvoted to hell . 
  she should n't have held the views in the first place . 
  they are based on no scientific or moral reasoning , they are simply bigoted and discriminatory . 
  you 're right , i apologise for not reading them . 
  as only one of them is against it that only strengthens my argument . 
  good day . 
  three papers against does n't make it a hot debate . 
  i can probably find three anti-vax papers within five minutes , but that is n't a hot debate . 
  absolutely agreed . 
  no idea why people in this thread are defending her bigotry . 
  it 's not good enough . 
  even if it was a `` calculated move to get it through without losing face '' , that 's not ok . she played games with our human rights . 
  merkel is a bigot . 
  no it is n't ... 
  and no marriage for people who do n't want children as well by that logic . 
  make rome great again yippee !, 
  interesting point . 
  surely they ca n't argue that god deliberately designed it such humans would have to amputate part of the skin ... 
  do n't forget to change your footbook profile picture , that will help !, 
  we already have that , it 's called / r/europe, 
  justifying a blatantly false title with `` well you should know that it 's false anyway , so it 's not actually misleading '' is pretty ridiculous . 
  holy shit , how did she even come close to winning, 
  haha . 
  wow . 
  that 's just extraordinary . 
  wait , did she really ? 
  in what way is that libel ? 
  b-but scandal free presidency !, 
  * cough * huffington post * cough * breitbart, 
  they 'll never win , which means my hands are clean no matter the result . 
  fuck that , how about i vote for neither of them, 
  more climate change alarmism --  more money for scientists . 
  i 'm not so sure about the deliberately faking numbers bit , but it is true that the very people sounding the alarm benefit financially from the panic around it . 
  this certainly contributes a lot towards the overblown doomsday-type scenarios presented in the media , which help nobody . 
  i do n't think it would be tough to argue that institutionalised racism is racist . 
  yeah , she was opposed to gay marriage as recently as 2015 , and then when she finally flip-flopped , instead of apologising for her bigotry , she tried to pretend it never happened . 
  no matter what bad stuff trump does , i 'm glad he won . 
  we call them `` the ctrl-left '', 
  yes , and affirmative action is racist .
