  i know sometimes americans use `` liberal '' to mean `` leftist '' , but that 's not what it really means . 
  classical liberalism is about freedom and small government , similar to libertarianism except perhaps not as extreme . 
  trump is pro-gun , pro-states-rights , anti-regulation , pro-gay-marriage , anti-obamacare ... 
  i could go on and on . 
  only one of those hillary was is pro-gay-marriage , and even that was a long time after trump was , which was in the 1980s . 
  i do agree with you that the republican party is generally less liberal than the democrats , but trump as a person was by far the more liberal of the two . 
  i do n't know much about making hidden accounts in the caribbean , but i 'd imagine that would be required . 
  otherwise how would you prove that the account is yours ? 
  alright , well i 'll just take your word for it then . 
  in that case it looks less shady for macron , but i 'm still inclined to believe that the secret account may be real . 
  hehe . 
  i would not support anyone who was against gay marriage , but apart from that i like le pen a lot . 
  one of the biggest issues for me is muslim immigration . 
  over [ two thirds ] ( http://i.imgur.com/x0ooxps.png ) of muslims believe in sharia law , under which i would be killed for , well , probably a lot of things , not least of which being a lesbian , not being a muslim , not wearing a hijab , wanting to sleep with people outside of marriage , and so on . 
  i know it is bad to punish the group for the beliefs of the majority , but i 'm sorry , if you belong to a ground where over two thirds of you want me dead , i do n't want you to come into my country . 
  it 's not `` islamophobic '' , because a phobia suggests an irrational fear . 
  the fear is very rational , the vast majority of muslims want me dead . 
  it is a great shame that leftist parties across the world claim to be standing up for lgbt rights , yet want to open the floodgates for islam . 
  i think it is so terrible that i would almost consider voting for someone like le pen who was against gay marriage if it would stop this madness . 
  if i was french i would genuinely have to consider that . 
  in england it is sort of better and sort of worse ; both the left and the right support gay marriage ( which was actually legalised under a conservative government recently ) , but sadly both also support taking in refugees . 
  i hate ukip but i might actually have to consider voting for them : /, 
  i would certainly call the guardian fake news , not sure about nyt since i have n't read many articles from it . 
  yeah , i think a lot of people have that sort of view towards 4chan . 
  people see the worst screenshotted and posted to reddit and assume it 's all like that . 
  i used to think that , then i went there and , turns out it 's a pretty cool place . 
  i would n't say `` not even close '' . 
  the m looks different but the rest is very similar . 
  i would say if anything it would be more evidence that it 's fake if the signatures matched exactly , because then it could have been copy and pasted from something else . 
  most people do n't write their signature the same every time . 
  my french is extremely bad . 
  from what i can work out from that , le pen said it was the bahamas ? 
  if that 's the case that makes it less shady for macron . 
  is that website reliable though ? 
  i know practically nothing of french media . 
  it is interesting . 
  i do n't think it is mostly bots , though that could be a part of it . 
  what is more worrying is the prevalence of paid shills -- see * correct the record * and * shareblue * for examples . 
  ctr spent $ 6m paying people to say nice things about hillary clinton online , and sb i 'm not sure how much they spent but they are doing it too . 
  for me that was one of the biggest reasons to support trump , because i think paying people to shill for you online is absolutely atrocious . 
  with that being said , i think most of the support for the establishment and globalism is probably organic . 
  it used to be `` cool '' to be anti-big-government , anti-war , anti-globalism and such , but with the media pushing a different narrative it 's now `` cool '' to be a hard leftist in support of big government and war . 
  i mean just look at the us election : reddit tended to support bernie early on , but as soon as he was out of the picture they overwhelmingly backed hillary over trump , even though trump was for small government / states rights and arguably more liberal than her on some issues such as gay marriage , which he supported a long time before her , and a long time before it was popular to do so . 
  i guess the truth is that a lot of people just go with what most of the media says . 
  i 'm not sure why you think it is fake news because it originated on 4chan . 
  there have been a lot of legitimate discoveries and leaks from 4chan . 
  see : isis training camp discovery and subsequent bombing by russia . 
  one does not need credentials to form an opinion on whether something looks real or not . 
  i have not seen any expert opinion on it so my own view is really all i have to go on . 
  but for the record i actually have some experience with forging documents ( not for illegal purposes , i might add ) . 
  i 'm not sure what `` yesterday '' is because we may be in different time zones . 
  over here in england the latest ones came out today , or might have been really late last night . 
  the documents look real to me . 
  there were a few artefacts , but the poster claims that these are a result of jpeg compression and not editing . 
  this seems believable because they are all over the documents , not just around macron 's name and such . 
  also , he posted high quality versions today with no artefacts . 
  haha . 
  i like to provide both sides of the story . 
  i am ambivalent toward le pen ( support most of her policies but she would repeal gay marriage , that makes her very difficult to support as a lesbian ) but the narrative on this sub is just so biased . 
  also i really do n't like macron :p, 
  i had a look at them , they seem pretty legit . 
  also when questioned about it , macron said he did n't have an account in the bahamas , when the accusation was of him having one in the caymans . 
  did he just get confused , or is he leaving room to u-turn later and claim that he never lied about it ? 
  and remember , 4chan found two isis training camps which were subsequently bombed by russia , as well as finding those flags and a lot of other things . 
  there are hoaxes on there and there are also legitimate discoveries and leaks , you ca n't assume either one just because of the source . 
  on / r/europe , anyone anti-eu , anti-islam or anti-globalism is literally hitler . 
  why is it not good ? 
  what makes you think they are fake ? 
  i had a quick look and they seem pretty real . 
  serious question , what has trump done so far that is worse than bush ? 
  i mean , is n't trying to influence the election exactly what he is doing ? 
  why else would he endorse a candidate ? 
  it was a threat , and a stupid one at that because he is not the one who would be in power after we left . 
  trump has shown keenness to make a us-uk trade deal , probably partially to spite obama for saying that . 
  so , thanks obama , i guess ? 
  you only just had one and you voted to remain , now your nationalist government is trying to keep having more referendums until they get what they want . 
  the uk government was right to deny you a second referendum . 
  you should n't believe everything you read on the internet . 
  the headline is pretty good but the guardian is definitely a tabloid . 
  there are very few publications left over here that are quality news . 
  bbc is the best probably but even they are starting to get worse recently . 
  indeed it is . 
  very sad that people feel the need to downvoted opposing views . 
  ah , makes since . 
  still , 6 million unique impressions per month is a lot . 
  [ 6 million according to reddit 's advertising numbers . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/the_donald/comments/62lm2o/385000_subscribers_try_6_million_6_million/ ) that number is more trustworthy because if it 's wrong then that would be false advertising by reddit . 
  i do n't know . 
  6 million subscribers is kind of a lot , also they were all over the front page until reddit admins changed the algorithm to suppress it . 
  also i 'm not a dude , 
  hehe . 
  link ? 
  or is it not up yet ? 
  true . 
  second round should be interesting . 
  nazi flag ? 
  where on earth did you get that from ? 
  fictional !? 
  how dare you . 
  they did successfully meme someone into presidency .
