   attempting to create an ethno-state ? 
  that has nothing to do with left wing / right wing ...  fascism is also a collectivist ideology but it does n't do away with class structures that symbolise left wing collectivisation , but rather entrench them deeper into society . 
  what are you trying to say here ... fascism is right wing yet it also entrenches a bunch of left wing ideas further in society ? 
  lol, 
  nationalising everything , improving labour standards and killing off the rich is right wing ? 
  everything they did was `` for the workers '' , they nationalised shit left and right and scapegoated the rich ( i.e. 
  jews ) . 
  `` nazis were right wing '' is one of the biggest lies in circulation today . 
  wait , you seriously think that do n't you ... 
  that is not the same thing ... 
  that is true . 
  we are even being infected with it here in england . 
  it is a shame , but i think we can push it back . 
  ca n't speak for the rest of europe . 
  because why would someone take a loan from a russian bank if not for the fact that they were putin 's puppet ? 
  macron : 0 % le pen : 100 % turnout : 100 % i can dream ca n't i !, 
  ah , but you see , left wing extremists are good because left wing is infallible !, 
  just look at venezuela , ussr , communist china , the nazis ... hmm ... 
  deporting french citizens ? 
  what a silly idea . 
  and you ca n't choose to send them to russia unless they agreed ... 
  hmm . 
  i 'm pretty sure you 're just saying that to make a point , but the sad thing is you could actually be serious based on the idiocy of the left in recent years . 
  kek, 
  agreed !, 
  france must elect queen le pen !, 
   even if this has nothing to do with russia it should still be pinned on them . 
  lol you know that 's what russian govt actually does to people who go against them , right ... ? 
  proof !? 
  we do n't need proof on / r/europe , as long as something goes against someone we do n't like ( i.e. 
  anyone anti-globalism , anti-eu or anti-islam ) , it 's fact !, 
  and anything that goes against the perfect and infallible left is obviously fake news !, 
  and what 's more , we 'll criticise other subs like t_d for doing this and then do exactly the same thing . 
  i love how you get downvoted for having an opinion, 
  if you say so , 
  do n't fuck this up , france !, 
  vote le pen !, 
  ooh , i did n't know about that sub !, 
  thank you for the recommendation kind sir/madam, 
  hope she starts chopping heads off once she 's elected < 3, 
  technically we all live under rocks . 
  my ceiling is made from material that is probably derived from a rock of some sort . 
  link ? 
  haha , thank you !, 
  i think the original clones did n't live for very long but they improved the technique and there are clones of dolly 's children still alive today . 
  i really hope queen le pen wins the french election !, 
  lol yeah . 
  i just love how everyone automatically assumes russia with zero evidence . 
  people have been brainwashed , pure and simple . 
   le pen , who is undoubtedly on putin 's payroll just like donald trump . 
  source for either of those claims ? 
  sounds like you just do n't like them because people who disagree with you use them . 
  * englishwoman and it was , in fact , a figure of speech . 
  why is that ? 
  very true . 
  let 's just wait and see . 
  go queen le pen !, 
  take my high energy < 3 < 3 < 3, 
  i love how you say that as a joke , [ but actually ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tkjdqmw.jpg ), 
  as i said , the hacking was nothing to do with t_d and it was a french person , so it 's not interfering in a foreign election . 
  there 's a video of him explaining how he destabilises nations and makes big profits off it . 
  i think the difference is that obama whined about russian interference ( after saying that the election was interference-proof before trump won , heh ... ) and then went on to endorse a candidate in a foreign election . 
  i personally do n't really care because he was n't president at the time of doing it , but nonetheless pointing out the hypocrisy is valid . 
  i 'm also not really sure you can claim that a subreddit can interfere with the french election . 
  you could argue that the person who leaked the emails was interfering ( and i would agree with you ) , but that person was , i believe , french . 
  additionally , they were only interfering by leaking information about a candidate , which is not bad if you ask me . 
  both are correct . 
  we tend to use redpilled , but everyone would know what you meant if you said woke . 
  it could happen !, 
  it could happen . 
  i do n't think it 's going to happen , but it could happen !, 
  yep , do n't fuck this up !, 
  make sure to vote for queen le pen !, 
  macron campaign claims it has been the victim of a hacking operation , verifying the authenticity of the leaked emails . 
  i think you 'll find that an opinion is by definition subjective and therefore not factual , 
  you do realise that is an oxymoron ... ? 
  the default assumption is that it could either be true or untrue . 
  i do n't assume this is true either so your argument is invalid . 
  i do n't know if it 's true or not . 
  i 'm not going to guess the odds . 
  did you read my comment ? 
  i do n't assume it 's true . 
  i do n't assume it 's not true . 
  either would be stupid . 
  the burden of proof argument would apply if i was assuming it 's true . 
  that 's your opinion . 
  and even more stupid is immediately assuming that something is n't true . 
  it might be true or it might not , at this stage we can not tell . 
  i think they did both , it is on a few websites now . 
  the problem is a lot do n't publish because of their political leanings . 
  and no , i should n't `` feel bad '' about not immediately dismissing evidence because of the website it was posted on . 
  well , no offense , but maybe that is n't the most accurate representation of it ? 
  :p i do n't know much about it but if i 'm not mistaken , the bank accounts are real , legal things there . 
  that would be like trying to open a bank account with a number and a password over here , it just would n't happen . 
  i mean , look at the panama papers , if all the information was just a number and a password , why would those documents exist ? 
  no , it 's because there is a quite strong piece of evidence for it . 
  it does n't prove that it 's real , i agree . 
  i just mentioned it because that 's something a lot of people were using to discredit it . 
   please do not try to paint trump or his party as a more liberal candidate than clinton . 
  if you mean classical liberalism , he certainly is .
