anyone talking about the membership fee vs how much the eu hands a nation in cash for x/y/z is retarded , and should just stay out of the debate until they have a much better understanding of it . 
  the real issues with the eu are not to do with its trade or fiscal policies but more to do with the appropriation of sovereignty , laws and basic democracy . 
  the fact is that open trade , single currency , and free movement of people have no bearing on dictating national laws in completely unrelated areas . 
  this is what a referendum is for . 
  you miss the point . 
  the point is the eu has advantages and disadvantages . 
  and it 's now at the point where you can debate if either it 's positives or negatives are the major effect it produces . 
  if we 're at that point then it should be obvious something needs to change . 
  if that was clearly true the uk would n't be voting on leaving the eu . 
  international . 
   if you have had experience with universal healthcare and the current united states healthcare system , how would you compare them ? 
  i lived in the uk for 27 years before moving to the us . 
  i have what could be considered top health care coverage at one of the best networks in the us . 
  short of being a millionaire/billionaire there is no way i could get better care . 
  the us system costs more than the taxes used to fund national healthcare systems . 
  it 's something americans like to think , that they pay less taxes , and pay less for their healthcare as well , but the actual costs of health insurance in america - to a person , are higher than paying 5-15 % more tax . 
  obviously this is income related . 
  if you earn a lot of money the us system is cheaper for you , since you pay a fixed amount , if you earn even a modest wage ( and this will depend on where you live in the us ) , say 50-60k you will be worse off with the us system compared to paying more taxes on your income for a national system . 
  the reason for this is obvious , the healthcare system in america , is multi-tiered for profit business . 
  insurers want to make money off you , and so do hospitals , drug companies , and even doctors . 
  the attitude of doctors is n't bad , obviously you ca n't actually successfully generalise something like that over the whole of the us anyway . 
  but the stark , undeniable difference is at a hospital level . 
  in countries where national , social healthcare exists , you are treated regardless of your circumstances , there is a genuine desire to help people for the sake of helping people . 
  in the us , this is obviously not true . 
  they 'll only want to help you if you have enough money to be helped . 
  this significantly damages the nobility of self-less medical care that the hippocratic oath talks about . 
  although it is beyond the power of the individual doctor to change , it however is something which will unavoidably be linked with them - an uncaring administration . 
  the difference on the patients end is massive . 
  us healthcare massively over prescribes bullshit medication you do not need almost as if there is a policy directing it . 
  it is very keen to operate in situations that do not require surgery , or where surgery in another objective system would be considered the worst , most risky option with long term effects year down the road . 
  in-patient care is reactionary and done to maximise stay , i.e not done before surgery to stabilise a patient for surgery , but done if that patient becomes unstable . 
  a benefit of the us system is that you can possibly get better diagnosis by having easier/faster access to various imaging and scans to categorically rule out or identify internal issues . 
  you also have more control to direct your healthcare , but this is as good as it is bad . 
  if you are intelligent you can steer your care to be better ( maybe only slightly ) than it otherwise might have been . 
  if you are not , you could be directing your healthcare to be extremely detrimental indeed . 
  with the culture of over-prescription that is pervasive in us healthcare , it 's easy to influence and otherwise bs your way into being prescribed medicines you think you need , but absolutely do not , and also have your doctor go along with it with a sound reasoning . 
  i 'm sure you know someone who 's `` self-prescribed '' themselves some anti-depressants or something similar , and all the need is a slap in the face and told to get on with life , it 's not all sunshine and rainbows etc , grow the fuck up etc. 
  to say nothing of people reaching for diagnosis with various mental or dietary disorders to explain away being twats or overweight . 
  this sort of thing would be laughed out the door in the uk . 
  however , in the us if you are paying , and want badly enough to be diagnosed with celiacs , any gi disease , bipolar disorder , depression , etc you will very likely succeed . 
  i find the us healthcare to be decent , but there are parts of it that are really unethical and completely mad , especially the last point i made . 
   how much do prescriptions cost ? 
  $ 16 per presciption . 
  could be a drug that really is 100000s or it could be a cheap prescription pain med . 
   do doctors treat you well ? 
  yes , public employees are a complaint away from review . 
  you do n't get to choose your doctor , and people are less likely to give a shit about if they like their doctor or feel comfortable with them , that 's a us thing . 
  you get who you 're given 99 % of the time and you 're fine with it . 
   is universal healthcare worth the higher taxes you pay ? 
  yes . 
  it 's something that is a great service , and will help you whether you have a job or are between jobs , retired ... regardless of your circumstances . 
  that kind of security and social achievement is worth a great deal . 
  looks like bs if scotland is being classed in that band lol, 
  greece , ireland off the top of my head 100 % undeniably were made to have the government bailout commercial banks . 
  spain was another , in that the government took on the banks debt , and was forced into it , so basically spanish tax payers , like those in greece and spain etc , are now paying for banking profits elsewhere in the world . 
  so no that is `` not wrong '' . 
  ecauss some politicians want to bullshit themselves and lie about what is happening to their own people . 
  it probably happened to portugal and italy as well , maybe others too . 
  yep . 
  but merkel has no problem forcing other countries to bailout their banks * in order to pay off german banks * . 
  exactly so do n't give people reasons to apply it to yuors . 
  yes but that is not a new knee jerk additional tax is it ? 
  plus it 's avoidable with modern loopholery . 
  literally the only thing that stopped the wholesale collapse of the euro last depression , was the fact the clearing houses allowed it continue to trade internationally , and to exchange with other currencies easily . 
  and remember that financial transaction tax ? 
  banks do , they know when the eu has it 's chips down they 'll rewrite the rules if they have to , get extra cash . 
  and rather than use the central bank to ease their own struggles , they thought they could avoid devaluing the euro and making it 's traders and users pay for the bailout , i can only imagine some retard thinking he 'd struck gold with that idea . 
  cameron fought that tax , and it was made out like it was a big uk vs eu thing , but if he had n't stopped it and just let it happen , there were back up plans to trade the pound out of an overseas uk territory , and just leave the euro to it . 
  hint : it would have fucking been destroyed , as literally everyone outside the eu dumped it like a hot rock . 
  the last thing you need when a financial crisis is in full swing and you 're trying to restore liquidity is to have a large political body scoop up huge amounts of money from said process for some debt of their own , and in so doing - completely fuck the whole system ( in that currency ) . 
  setting up a clearing house is one thing , mandating that existing ones move is another . 
  `` why ca n't the eu set up a centre for euro trade ? 
  - is the real question you should be asking . 
  because no one trusts them to stay neutral , politically , when they see money moving , they do n't have good regulation , or common law , and they do n't have the personnel , expertise , and possibly even sufficient infrastructure in place . 
  it 's not loss of control , it really , * really * is not . 
  ** unless ** your currency is in fact not a strong international , reserve currency , which i guess is the euro is moving further away from everyday . 
  in that case then yes , you are losing control by having your currency be traded internationally in massive amounts not within your own borders , then again , central banks exist for this reason . 
  yes the euro is not the zwl , but a currency does not have to move very far for its status as a `` dependable '' trader to be dropped like a sack of potatoes , and move into the `` speculator 's zone '' , which may as well be called las forex ... 
  it would be suicide for the euro to act like a weak third world currency right now , it 's got a lot of toxic national banks , government debt , and commercial banks ( along with attached assets ) , which need to be strengthened before the eu signals to the world it does n't have confidence in its own currency and is vaguely scared of something to a large degree . 
  which is pretty much what a step like this ( mandating clearing houses move ) would be . 
  especially when combined with the fact no one voluntarily wants to go into the eu to do euro trades , if at all possible . 
  which is pretty telling do n't you think ? 
  lastly entire clearing entities wo n't shift , it will only be the * euro purchases * part ( iirc ) , which again , i would n't be surprised if they all magically , and mysteriously lost all zeal for euro purchasing operations ( by a factor of 10 ) , and only 50bn a year ends up moving into the eu in real terms . 
  it would take years for that confidence to be restored , if ever . 
  i also want to clarify , since i got some pms . 
  i do n't hate european people , or any european nation . 
  i really do think europe and specifically euorpeans are one of the few hopes for humanity . 
  but i do hate the eu . 
  or more specifically the people in charge of it , who are just doing a great job at fucking it all up at every major hurdle . 
  sure small successes happen around their feet , but the facts seems to be that every major challenge that comes along is completely failed . 
  and along side all this is the super-ceding of common sense in many areas simply all to serve some increasingly awkward , super rushed political integration . 
  the thing is if the eu does n't start at least appearing to be capable , other world powers will just start ignoring the eu on international and economic affairs , and a large part of international geopolitics is respect and believing in the capabilities of the other side . 
  if they other side thinks you ca n't wipe your own ass , they 're going to start taking liberties . 
  i would really like the eu to reform and the uk to remain inside of a reformed eu , or to rejoin a reformed eu . 
  one where juncker et al are gone and a new ethos is instilled , where the public is more engaged and respected , and political integration is done right and not forced for the sake of it . 
  someone had to send the message that the eu , currently and in the near future , is not a good representation of europe 's capabilities , destiny , or even of the european peoples . 
  the city is n't important because of assets , it 's important because of the people , skills , law and infrastructure that exists there . 
  for fucks sake , electronic assets mean nothing for large international banks , many of which do n't even hq in the u.k. , but do a huge amount of their transactions in london . 
  big banks only need an office in london , and actual capital somewhere on earth , and nothing more . 
  precisely why nothing of substance will move to the eu if or when passporting is removed .
