  everyone will stay in london . 
  `` financial services '' does n't mean what you think it does . 
  bankers do n't have to be anywhere near where the transaction is processed . 
  good luck to the eu trying to mandate that they do have to be in the same jurisdiction as the transaction , probably an even bigger fuck up than mandating `` clearing of euros be in the eu '' . 
  it takes very little time , in real terms , to educate yourself on the subject - if you want to . 
  anti-intellectualism has been rampant in the eu for some time at the highest levels . 
  `` answer does n't line up with what i want , let 's ignore it '' . 
  i did n't think it was a systemic culture . 
  oh and good one about beating poles . 
  i guess you have n't heard about all the islamohphobic attacks in france in the last year , better get back to banning burkinis hahaha . 
  idiots are everywhere , no nation is immune . 
  tyl . 
  because the euro is * supposedly * a reserve and investsment currency able to be dealt in legally anywhere in the world . 
  if the eu make some stupid rule that only britain can not trade euros , or even worse that all euro trades must be in the eu , it would result in legitimate anti-trust lawsuits and far more importantly , the euro would be completely dropped as a major global currency for investment . 
  not only for forex markets , but the chill would affect direct investment in any form in euros , as investors would rightly see too much risk in trading with a volatile political entity that could make input much harder and less secure , and also tax your returns . 
  i would love for the eu to get all mad over clearing houses , it would be way worse for them than they realise . 
  imagine the euro dropping by 30 - 40 % in a week that 's how bad that would be . 
  as if that somehow legitimatises it ... 
  the huge difference is the pm is n't the only person who can initiate legislation . 
  really all the pm does is organise the government positions . 
  which will allow them to run changes through existing administrative mechanisms . 
  new measures/mechniasms of real worth need new legislation , which is possible for any mp to introduce , but mainly from the government you directly vote for . 
  edit : eu citizens do not vote on the legislative body that can initiate new legislation and thus live under a benevolent , but stupid , dictatorship . 
  so no it 's nothing like the uk system . 
  no the / s is missing from comment you replied to , how fucking stupid are you ? 
  it 's pretty obvious that he 's not being serious given the language used . 
  i think the '' / s '' is missing , lol . 
   renzi for eu president . 
  seriously . 
  i 'd vote for him . 
  he should be in junker 's seat already . 
  except you ca n't vote for the eu president , which is n't a big problem really ... oh wait . 
  i think you do n't know what you 're talking about , but your opinion or mine will have little bearing on what actually happens . 
  the uk is invaluable to the us for military intelligence , special operations , political and material military support . 
  uk and us forces have a long standing alliance , speak the same language , and train and fight together constantly , and share many combat doctrines in active combat besides nato exercises . 
  plus we have a strong professional military for our size , a large territorial force , and nuclear weapons . 
  compare that with eu . 
  24 + languages , many nations have very weak military forces , a collective lack of will to invest in anything military , let alone pour the massive amounts required to make a uniform force in terms of organisation , strength , doctrine , training etc. 
  no long standing alliance of any real worth , certainly no recent operational alliance that comes close to the current uk-us one . 
  nuclear weapons with france and us nato nukes ( lol ) . 
  basically non-functional military intelligence , as the summer demonstrated . 
  no eu nation had the will to deal , properly `` boots on the ground '' with libya or isis , despite being the ones closets and most directly threatened by them . 
  no se nation can match turkey , or even tries . 
  no s eu nation could do well in north africa . 
  and to cap it all off the us would be training with an eu army for decades to fully understand and be capable of effectively working alongside it . 
  yea `` eu army no 1 '' . 
  do n't make the world laugh . 
  it 's not about that , it 's about the us having the real power to have two concurrent arrangements with both the eu and us , and not much the eu can do about it . 
  the eu does n't have the power or influence to force america to choose between he uk and the eu . 
  the us will deal with both , if they can be rational about it . 
  the british influence high or low wo n't matter . 
  only a moron would fail to see how american policy would proceed . 
  plus how hard would it really be for the uk to forge alliances with russia and china , no matter how unpalatable ? 
  not very . 
  not very hard at all . 
  i think everyone forgets what the power of real sovereignty can do when wielded appropriately . 
  the uk could enter discussion to open a russian naval and airforce base , and form a military alliance and you 'd see how quickly everyone would be falling over themselves to provide other offers to prevent that from happening . 
  sure , that would happen to any nation big or small that tried that move in europe , but with the uk , crucially , no one could stop it , not even the us , if it was decided and implemented . 
  how 's that for no influence . 
  trident subs will really be worth every penny in the coming decades . 
  no one can deny the uk it 's right to do w/e the fuck it wants . 
  some tiny influence ... 
  let 's face it , the instant it fails to protect a nation appropriately it will face insane break up pressure , as the inevitable factions within it break up to secure their own lands from aggression , if there ever were to be any . 
  the us does n't have to choose , it can accept a british arrangement if it wants or not and same for the eu . 
  it does n't have to be one or the other . 
  if the eu was petty enough to try and say it `` wo n't form an alliance with us as long as it has one with the uk '' , that would be hilarious , and also america would not in a million years allow that kind of strong arming . 
  it 's funny to see people think the eu would or should try that . 
  why would it though ? 
  even if the eu army went full retard and refused to have any kind of defence arrangement with the uk , or vice versa , neither would be particularly vulnerable in modern military terms , excluding nuclear wars etc. 
  which tbh does n't matter what state your defence alliances are in ... 
  ah the future corp of the afd military wing . 
  stuff gets done but given the resources and manpower in the enterprise it is nothing short of ridiculous how much did n't get done with those resources . 
  which is why not much gets done ? 
  considering most dutch people look like they been cross bred with a horse , thats an ironic common search . 
  then all you need to do is make a copy of it when you sign it , a picture on your phone would suffice . 
  this is the kind of crazy exaggeration and hyperbole i was talking about . 
  some people do n't want the neoliberal or liberal way , must be after a right wing slaughterhouse where we dehumanise a target demographic . 
  there is of course no other logical explanation , we will not pass go , we will not collect $ 200 , we will go straight to nazi !, 
  but the npd is n't the afd . 
  so why are you mentioning it ? 
  it 's not like i was referencing the npd , to which no one , not even the op or article is referring to . 
  the same will happen in france . 
  record levels of democratic participation will be decried as a disaster for europe bla bla . 
  the truth is , only once these people vote can they be engaged and discourse started towards a compromise or real progress . 
  the sad fact is that many politicians thought simply by slapping extreme labels on , and ignoring , legitimate concerns they could avoid having to entertain said issues ( that they did n't care for or did n't want changed ) . 
  that is n't democracy that 's straight up censorship , so i 'm glad it only ended with a message in a vote , and not streets of mob violence . 
   british '' ? 
  what does it mean to your identity ? 
  cohesive british identity is quite a bit older than a cohesive european identity . 
  even if we just take the act of union and the united kingdom as a starting point , the english , scottish and welsh people 's had a remarkably successful harmony and cooperation that europe can only recently have claimed to arrived at , realities of the times aside . 
  we 've fought together for hundreds of years against pretty much every people on earth , in both defense and aggression , and ultimately we know that 's the kind of hardship and shared blood sweat and tears you need to get a collective psyche to build a nation out once-quite-separate-people 's . 
  being british means that you 're at home anywhere in the uk , with different peoples and subtly different ways of life all within the culture you identify with . 
   in or out of the eu , you ca n't stop globalization , and the more peoples mix and interact and live together , the more national identities will fade away . 
  i used to think that was true but if anything the pace of it has been unsustainable and people have reacted by returning to traditional national and cultural identities . 
  it 's is happening all over europe . 
  having lived in the uk through all the biggest changes in the last 30 years , it is clear to me that many people are going back to old norms because they 've ( admittedly only recently ) been confronted with people who not only openly and aggressively choose not to share their modern culture and values , but are seeking to have a pluralistic status for their own values , which is being rejected . 
  people that come to live amongst another group to enjoy the benefits of that society and ultimately national structure , who simulateouslh also do not want to be contributing members of it - are always going to loathed . 
  it does n't matter who they are , they identify as or why other people identify them as . 
  i think if anything a watershed era has approached , and globalisation will have to learn to coexist with localised national cultures and values . 
  or slowly but surely , the west will turn its back on it .
