  the problem is that with the advancement of technology and the insurmountable value of innovation , we are heading towards a time when the west will have no need for third world manpower/modern slave labour , and maybe even raw materials . 
  if that coincides with vast swathes of western people saying that they will not tolerate incompatible values and cultures being forced into their lives and communities , the result will be catastrophic for globalism , as innovation and automation replace the need for trade in goods to the bare basics that ca n't be obtained locally . 
  says the police - so far . 
  by comparison exercise is a fucking miracle cure . 
   poland does n't have hate crimes of such magnitude nor do we have terrorist attacks . 
  mono-ethnic homogeneous culture does n't the have islamic terrorism , or `` hate crimes '' . 
  i 'm shocked . 
  but it also somehow magically does n't have well documented racist incidents of its own . 
  hell even poles that came to work in the uk , that i knew , used to joke about it . 
  if it 's not racially motivated it should not be political at all . 
  again show me a similar response to any other polish murder/death in the uk and i 'll agree . 
  you 've got 12 years to find one instance . 
  off you go . 
  i 'm pretty sure more than a few polish people have died in the uk - since 2004 - without investigation . 
  this is a blatant attempt to try an make this into something political . 
  plus talk of prosecuting offenders in poland as if the uk has no laws fit for purpose is retarded . 
  that does n't really tie in with what virtually every eu member government does in its policy decisions . 
  also defining european identity by some treaty in the european conference of mobile robots is extremely uninspiring at best and at worst a thoughtless propaganda answer you 'd expect from a child of mao . 
  not what i said , or what is meant . 
  this is exactly what people refer to when they reference eu or european overreach . 
  we do n't yet know if this was just cunts killing some guy they did n't like the look of , or if they killed him because he was polish , but already poland think it would be a good idea to investigate . 
  made all the more hilarious given how racist poland ** actually is ** by comparison . 
  you could n't make this stuff up . 
  this guy 's death has been made into a political puff piece , which is probably worst of all . 
  i really think without uks top keks the eu is gon na implode . 
  but what is `` european '' ? 
  what does that mean to your identity ? 
  what does it make you feel ? 
  i am not trolling just interested in what you think . 
  nothing says `` desperate '' like trying to debate with a looney , whom people are taking more seriously than yourself . 
  like the pro-remain socialists ever gave two fucks about those areas , but if they can try to score some points in lamw articles over them they will . 
  a former cabinet colleague who is nameless , sounds like bs . 
  the `` how you can help '' section should just be `` encourage them to claim asylum in france . '', 
  if they have family in the uk they will be moved over anyway ... 
  i was for independence in the last referendum , for the right reasons , but i 'm not leaving westminster for an even less effective and anti-democratic shit show . 
  but now i 'm in favour of staying in the uk , as a message that i wo n't be supporting a stupid right wing operation which has no intention of driving scotland forward , so much as carving out more power for politicians and some back room dealers , before we swing into being some eu dependent political project . 
  in reality though , the uk would be forced to become self sufficient in many areas if it suddenly got cut off from eu imports . 
  the money spent on imports would be more than enough to fund producing the same products at home ... and it 's not like it 's something we have n't had to do when it mattered . 
  all it means is lost revenue for eu exporters if they go along with it . 
  that being said , imposing fines on ferries for carrying illegal immigrants would hardly mean the french government could retaliate with closing their border . 
  politicians are retarded i 'll give you that , but even that 's too stupid for them to actually implement . 
  since it would basically just shift a load of haulage to netherlands and germany etc , i.e literally any other nation who does n't give a shit about calais migrants not being offloaded to the uk . 
  and what will france do with its huge food surplus ? 
  sell it some other nation with 10s of billions handy and who is also nearby ? 
  you need that money more than we need your food , funny as it is , agriculture in the uk can always be brought up to standard , but you ca n't grow money in the ground . 
  i 'll even add that the uk would probably accept the calais jungle shit horde if it meant that france would try to prevent more illegal , economic migrants from flooding trough france to the uk . 
  but since that not happen the calais bunch can never be absorbed into the uk without instantly inviting 100000s of thousands more economic migrants to do the same thing . 
  probably from contracting over the last 10 years ... just saying . 
  well rule of law has consequences , if that means slapping some fines on channel operators for basically not obeying immigration law then so be it . 
  if they do n't they are no different to smugglers . 
  i think you should look back in history - beyond the recent . 
  no , they 've always been there . 
  like how germany makes tens of billions off greece 's debt , because they want to make money over making the project work . 
  if only then continent had been content to just leave us alone . 
  if you go back and look at it , even the irish were trying play politics with the british . 
  supporting/harbouring rivals , getting butthurt when that forces the british ruler of the time to curb stomp them . 
  wtf did they expect ? 
  i did n't see what he wrote , but the op does show the petty mentality a lot of pro-eu citizens have . 
  it 's basically proof that the selfishness of each member will have a significant impact on collapsing the eu , especially when the next depression hits . 
  exactly , how do the french think it will work ? 
  the agreement will disappear and they 'll all just be allowed on ferries/trains to the uk ? 
  well before that happens , the uk will set up some really prohibitive fines for carrying illegals into the uk , and thus no operator in their right mind will risk illegals coming on board . 
  the eu arrangement died when merkel decided to ignore it , it is simply too late to try and back track now . 
  when merkel and the german government unilaterally invited migrants to germany , they did n't seriously think they should be shared around , after the fact . 
  if brexit means brexit , migrant apocalpyse means migrant apocalpyse , so get on with it , and stop bothering other countries who did n't ask for the migrants to accept them . 
  it should banned in the same scenarios that other full face coverings are also banned . 
  i 'm waiting to see an eu response . 
  `` swimsuit material '' for women , is basically spandex or lycra with occasionally some padding for the upper part . 
  have you never held a wet swimsuit in your hand ? 
  i do n't see how you can not understand the issue . 
  the burkini is not made for swimming beyond someone just making a giant spandex/lycra garment , thinking there will be zero issues with just adding a massive amount more fabric , and not all form fitting/tight fabric at that . 
  i do n't support trump . 
  so there 's that . 
  i wanted sanders . 
  anyway , you 're a moron , inconvenient truths be damned , the political agenda must go on . 
  i literally said i do n't think it should banned . 
  a ban is retarded , forcing women to not wear something is as stupid as forcing women to wear something - say a burka . 
  but none of that compares to the retardation of people like you who do n't give a fuvk about facts and realities . 
  get a new name , that one is a complete misrepresentation of you . 
  to write this anther way for your limited mind , personally i would recommend that muslim woman wear full body wetsuits made of neoprene , as they have done for years in some coutnries . 
  there is zero tangling to be had , and it will aid with helping them stay afloat . 
  seeing someone in a somewhat flappy , baggy fullbody clothing in the shallows is funny , you 're not even experiencing the water since your skin is completely covered by wet bathing suit ... what a feeling . 
  look , unless you 've done lots of swimming & life guarding , then how would you know that t-shirts - yes , just plain t-shirts - can fuck up inexperienced weak swimmers who venture out a bit too deep ( on a regular basis ) . 
  now whilst burkinis are n't made out of cotton , enough bathing suit material will take on weight as well , with no extra buoyancy , this is n't neoprene . 
  now add in the fact that it 's quite possible these woman have never learned to swim , an it is absolutely a hazard . 
  it 's not bullshit . 
  it might not be something you ever experience but i assure you weak swimmers in t-shirts are an ever-reliable entrant into the `` most likely to drown '' competition on every body of water . 
  i do n't think they should be banned , but they look ridiculous , and could potentially be very hazardous . 
  as far as i 'm aware they are n't neoprene which means it does n't aid in proving buoyancy , and is n't a tight and fitted . 
  so they could slip or stretch with a wave or current , and tangle your head , arms or legs , which in a scenario like that is a deaths sentence . 
  unfortunately it 's only a matter of time til someone will go out to deep in one and get tangled , and that 'll be the end of them ... `` safety first '' . 
  ah , could be true , you can never tell with shitty sarcasm . 
  lines like that require intonation in a vocal delivery to get the sarcasm across . 
  if you 're going to textually deliver sarcasm then make it stand on its own - like the original comment - or add / s. 
  so if the chance of dying in a terrorist attack in parks is * x * , and the chance of being run over or killed in a car crash in paris is 5 * x * , is your risk of death in paris now 20 % higher factoring in terrorist attacks that are recent events ? 
  or is the correct answer that it is the same ? 
  it seems most people do not understand mathematical chance is additive for multiple separate risks , despite the same people understanding the relative rarity of those risks . 
  even then , the risk does n't even get classed as rare by even back of the envelope calculations . 
  if you factor in the events happening now , the direction their perpetrators are heading , ( i 'm speculating ) we 're pretty likely to see more attacks in the future , say in the next couple of years in major european cities . 
  let 's take 5 cities , all with an even chance of being hit ( which you 'd need serious intelligence service info to analyse further ) .
