  we will see , but i 'm glad we wo n't be tied to that fate anymore . 
  i 'd like to see the uk and indeed europe go back to the eec , but obviously further integration needs real intellectual talent and not just any old career politician ( let alone no real feedback ) , and this goes back to my core reason for leaving . 
  democracy needs to be seriously reformed for the 21st century and the eu was in all honesty a step back in that regard . 
  it 's a bit late to wake up to the fact you have the richest , most educated , tolerant , progressive people on earth - all in one bloc and realise you ca n't manage to tie your shoe laces - politically speaking . 
  come on , you 've got members basically debt enslaving each other , which did n't make for a very inspiring political union . 
  the eu wants to rush it , and wants to try and screw the uk over , but it ca n't be rushed , and the time it will take for us to not sink into the atlantic will be all that 's needed for other members - who are not drinking the koolaid to split off too . 
  and to think some really rather small concessions from the eu ( which they could 've backtracked on anyway ) was all that was needed to avoid the disaster ... makes you wonder if incompetent unaccountable elites really are your best bet ? 
  if the eu makes it another 10 years , which could well include two recessions/depressions , i 'd be surprised tbh . 
  the reaction to the last recession , is still weak , and has seen members states exploiting other member 's weaker economies and debt , for profit . 
  what a great sign `` we 're all stronger together '' , what a committed honest to goodness political union . 
  i 'd rejoin it as a a trading bloc with free movement etc , but they need to stuff the political sovereignty shit up their arse , sideways . 
  democracy has been set for an evolution for decades now , and it was n't and is n't happening in the eu . 
  clearly , any administration or government that ignores the wishes of people will fail , tbh given the eu 's direction with the political union it has been more of a step backwards for democracy , than a natural progression . 
  look , the pound is already going back up , as we speak ... also so what ? 
  what do you think a weaker pound means ? 
  do you know ? 
  of course not , someone told you it was automatically bad and now you do n't even know why . 
  you may think you are different to those working class voters frothing about immigrants but you 're exactly the same , you 've found your phobia to latch onto , you 're uninformed and you 're fantastically short sighted . 
  kill trade and labour flow ? 
  i bet it does n't even change , i even bet eu migrants after leaving will still be welcomed easily enough , just not unskilled self-employed types who no one needed anyway . 
  obviously unskilled row migrants are sol , but again who cares ? 
  money is one thing the uk really is n't short on , spend money to gain other things of value , thats how it works . 
  we may have less gdp in the short term but being in control of your own laws and legislative inititiation is priceless . 
  especially when the group you 're bound to ( despite being the richest economies in the world , and the most educated and progressive people in the world ) still has n't recovered from the last recession and ca n't deal with obviously simple things like the migrant/refugee crisis , let alone isis ... you really do n't need deadweight like that making all the calls . 
  i 'm scottish , and i would bet that it wo n't leave . 
  again by the time that vote ever comes , the eu could be in real trouble , and even if it 's not , for the same reason many international companies have subsidiaries in the uk to trade in the eu , so will the uk will make scottish subsidiaries to trade within the eu , almost an ideal scenario in scotland leaves the uk to join a functioning eu . 
  but again , that 's depending on all of southern eu and even france staying above water . 
  with current `` good times '' youth unemployment nearing 50 % in southern eu and nearly 25 % in france , i 'm sure the next big whack from the chinese bubble will be no big deal amiright ? 
  i never gave a single shit about immigrants , sure the non-eu ones come for handouts , and bring next to no benefits , but for me they are minor issue compared to living in an actual democracy and not a simulation of one where your parliament passes what it 's told to or `` no free trade '' . 
  of course you 're welcome to point at the major times we were n't . 
  more proof . 
  look , it comes down to this , if it was so obvious that staying was such an unquestionably good thing , we 'd have done it . 
  if you prefer to imagine the uk is just stupid that 's fine . 
  but we have a good record of being on the right side of history . 
  in the end it seems possibly being less well off in the short term and possibly medium term is worth the other benefits of leaving . 
  it turns out other things in life do have a value besides money . 
  then you pile on the fact that people who should be trying to convince you and persuade you with solid arguments are just coming out with `` you 'd clearly be retarded to leave '' , and not explaining any further . 
  not exactly conducive to turning the vote around . 
  it 's precisely this kind of mentality that pushed many to leave . 
  this `` do as we say , we know best '' bs . 
  i think if a leave vote happens , the eu will have bigger things on its plate , like stopping half of the southern eu states from also leaving , and starting serious efforts to strengthen its currency for the impending financial crash in the next few years . 
  trying to fuck over the uk will no doubt be on the wish list , but if they focus on it , - instead of , just for once , the lives of the people in the eu - they will ensure their own demise . 
   meps vote on legislation that is proposed by the commission . 
  no law can be passed without the support of the parliament . 
  they pass everything they commission wants passed , and hardly ever stand up to anything else . 
  they are a show piece without initiative ability . 
   well in that case are n't the uk 's ministers undemocraticaly elected too ? 
  the commissioner may not be directly elected by an official vote but they are selected by a government that is directly elected , thus resulting in commissioners that will represent near-identical views of the official government of the state , just like any secretary or chancellor . 
  no they are democratically elected in that they are elected from a choice of candidates . 
  granted parties choose who they put forward for parliament , but again , there are votes on that too . 
  at least you get to choose the positions of the peons you elect , if not a specific person ( if you think that one person over another in the same party would be better or worse ) . 
  in fact a government and most of its important positions and occupants are known before an election so you are voting for a chancellor and and secretary . 
   surely me electing a government that will chose a commissioner is choosing the type of laws i want proposed and electing my meps will result in them also voting on said laws . 
  you are equating your national priorities and european priorities . 
  the two are separate , it 's only recently people have come to accept they are the same . 
  whilst you might want the people you elect to make your decisions in europe , it is nonetheless true , that if legislative power has become shifted to the eu/brussels , that the eu population should have a direct vote on that legislative power and not some assumed * de facto * democratic participation , via national government votes . 
  that is not a democracy , that is bs . 
  that it is even acceptable to many people is tragic . 
  either way , commission and council positions are not elected by designated , and the role of head of staes is secondary to them . 
  there is absolutely no democratic control over the executive legislative branch of the eu . 
  and as we know , huge blocs of pro eu meps will pass everything and anything with no real though , heck they 'd probably pass a bill that would dissolve the european parliament . 
  saying meps can block something is nonsense , especially when the commission can go over their heads with treaties anyway . 
   and why would an mep care less about the people than an mp ? 
  just because they go to brussels instead of london to vote on legislation does n't mean they care any less or more . 
  because no one will ever manage to contact them , let alone recall them , or dismiss them . 
  it 's well known as a gravy train job , with huge pay , no real responsibility , and no one watching you do nothing . 
  i bet you do n't know your mep . 
  let alone what you 'd do if they voted/behaved in a fashion you felt they should explain . 
  i mean how long ago was it that italy was just electing models to the mep for berlusconi to bang ? 
  5 years ago or so ? 
  but hey super serious shit , not one person could run against a model for european parliament and win ? 
  of course those same models then never went to a single vote ...  you sound like a drone sent by the leave campaign , repeating the same cliche rhetoric . 
  you ca n't just label it all cliche rhetoric , and not answer any of the real point i made earlier . 
  that 's just idiotic , and why i was condescending to you , you proved me right with this attitude of `` the eu does n't need to answer this kind of tripe '' . 
  i literally said that the eu has been ignoring many legitimate , rational issues as minor concerns and talk of the little people to be brushed aside and ignored , and here you are doing exactly that , not answering anything of real substance , just saying you think a national vote means you have a say in your life . 
   what elites ? 
  the commissioners ? 
  the meps ? 
  the presidents of the seven institutions ? 
  all of them , all of the elites . 
  pretty much everyone you mentioned would be an average office worker at a company selling cardboard . 
  yet we let them decide major policy and direct the economy ? 
  for the eu ? 
   by those standards then are n't all mps , secretaries of states and ministers also elites that need to be abandoned ? 
  yes exactly this . 
  and when the time comes that they deserve to be abandoned we 'll have the ability to remove them . 
  we 'll be able to decide that we do not want to go along with political experiment ( whatever it happens to be ) in the uk , and change course for the democratically decided better . 
  we 'll also be able to revolutionise our democracy into the 21st century far far more easily , whilst the eu is stuck with the clique of clueless retards that gave you 100 's of regulations on bananas , and again who you can do little about . 
  the european parliament meps do not pass or ratify any legislation at all , they are for show , an opinion gauge for people to look at , but who have no power or control over anything they vote on , and there are many laws being made that we should have a direct unequivocal say in . 
  meps are also the only politicians who you elect with the specific purpose of representing you in brussels at the eu . 
  heads of state that form part of councils or commissions do not count . 
  somehow it 's unfathomable that you might want a head state for his domestic policies and different representative in europe . 
  national governments in the eu are already becoming a complete theatre that has no purpose other than to make people think they have a democracy . 
  i know how it sounds , it 's so ludicrous you 'll just dismiss it out hand , but if you spent even 15 minutes looking at who makes the laws ** your nation has to pass to stay in the eu ** , you 'd realise you have no control over that process , the people in involved in it are not accountable to you , and also do not care about you . 
  if it was n't for the fact that people can not see past their own parliaments , the eu would 've wanted them gone a long time ago . 
  as it is now , national governments are a great shield from behind which the real power of the eu can operate basically anonymously , without oversight , with no accountability , and no interest in anything other than other than appeasing shady back-room super-corporate groups , their own ideals of what is right and wrong , good and bad , and what should be done . 
  one day the same elites will try to cross a bridge to far policy-wise , and you 'll realise there 's nothing you can do about it , except violence . 
  gl with that . 
  i think the real problem is people need to stop drinking the eu cool aid thinking everything is awesome . 
  that 's the real reason this is happening , for too long continental eu nations have just been blindly going along with some of the most retarded policies and political focus imaginable , brushing off debate or logical counter points as bs , and building and supporting the most undemocratic system in the developed world .
