  so if you go to one city for just one day in the next couple of years you 'll have a ~ 1/3000 chance of being in the city when the attack happens , if you go for a week it becomes 1/500 , for being present in the city during an event . 
  your risk of being killed or injured in an attack will scale off that , and number of tourist sites , methods of attack etc. 
  but just being present in one of the cities will really mess up your holiday , nevermind if you or your family do fall into the longer odds of getting killed or injured . 
  it 's not hard to see why people will shy away from visiting when the chance of being present during a terrorist attack is not at all low . 
  other abstract analyses like numbers killed in terror attacks vs shark attacks are just misleading and useless . 
  everybody knows how many days are in a year , and that there are definitely isis agents in europe . 
  can you explain why it is racist ? 
  not trolling , serious question . 
  swimming has more distances than track , and apart form the very shortest and longest , everything in the middle is basically won by the same group of people per stroke . 
  they need to remove some distances like they did with track athletics , they 're converging in the modern era . 
  yea i meant in reference to selling toxic assets to deliberately sink a bank then by it . 
  i do n't think . 
  barclays did the whole process you described . 
  no foreign banks got acquisitions in any other big banking sector though . 
  it 's a little extreme , but he is right . 
  by all estimates china 's economy should have already overtaken the us 15 years ago . 
  now everyone sees it wo n't happen because their economy is not as strong as reported by a huge margin . 
  sooner or later equality , greater democratic rights and human rights will cost the country massive sums hch they ca n't afford and the economy will collapse . 
  when was the mat time any foreign bank got away with that ? 
  is that all ? 
  plus we 'd pretty much got to the point where no eu nation was going to randomly invade and conquer and kill other nations of the world , just because they are different people . 
  truth is they could n't hold one until we 've at least * left * the eu , and if we end up staying in the eea and single market , then the whole pretence is defused massively . 
  but if we end up staying in the single market , will there be sufficient grounds to call for a vote ? 
  i just do n't see it happening . 
  the political union hardly achieved anything , but the eec pretty much did everything towards european stability and prosperity . 
  do n't kid yourself , the eu is a seriously under-performing/failing institution . 
  let 's be realistic , if the eu does n't reform it 's current ways and behaviours - it will die . 
  this will be good be for everyone in europe ( some short term pain though ) , because it will allow a better thought out and structured union to replace it , mistakes will be not be ignored , and changes will be made , and the end result will be vastly superior . 
  those gangs are from today 's migration , the earlier migrations of indian and pakistanis in 50s/60s/70s that i was refering to - did not have anything like that occurring , because those migrants wanted to assimilate , not live in enclaves , and mixed into the community far more readily . 
  well obviously most eu immigrants are above the very bottom in your head , but many that have come from eastern eu to the uk in the last 10 years were exactly the same bottom rung . 
  we 're not talking about skilled labour here . 
  that was never the problem , sad fact is skilled labour to the uk does n't overly disadvantage anyone in a profession or skill field who is british . 
  it 's not like eu workers come from the continent to undercut wages in skilled jobs ; that can often mean getting paid the same or even less than if they stayed at home , and as we 've seen lately , and everyone has known for ages , they do n't innately like the uk and living there , because france , italy , germany is much better . 
  no the real issue has been unskilled immigration which simply did not happen on any level before the eu expanded in 2004 . 
  during the days of the eec , did french unskilled labour or trades people just move to the uk to set up shop ? 
  no of course they did n't . 
  well when you 've got 500000 of those immigrants coming in a year for about a decade , it turns out the local labour pool of similar level is n't too keen on that . 
  you 'd have to be braindead to think that even in the eu there are many people who do not want to leave their home country if at all possible . 
  you 'd point at the british working class as muppets who wo n't move to improve their lives . 
  what do you think of ~ 50 % youth unemployment in greece , italy , spain portugal etc ? 
  why do n't they move to france germany etc ? 
  well then again france 's youth unemployment rate is 23 % ( nearly double what the uk 's is ) . 
  and these are people who have qualifications as well , master race europeans no less ... the obvious truth is not everyone is extremely happy or comfortable to just up sticks and move to another country where you know nobody , do n't know the culture , possibly even not much of the language - just for a job , which might not even be a real `` life defining '' job either . 
  throw in the fact that domestically , politicians are perpetually claiming things are just about to recover and explode back to the good times , and the feeling many people have that first world , highly developed , world leading eu ( master race lol ) countries should be capable of creating jobs and new economy sectors for their qualified , ready and able young workers ? 
  this is n't the fucking horn of africa afterall ? 
  the fact the eu has n't been able to encourage new industry - when it really mattered - shows why it will die eventually , it just takes the euro failing , which draws closer everyday . 
  but sure , laugh at those british working class idiots who wo n't move to the `` real opportunity '' as if such a thing exists anywhere besides the uk and germany . 
  what a complete joke . 
  add to that , the undercutting and wage suppression effect of huge numbers of unskilled or trade labourers arriving in the uk can not be kept quiet anymore - by simply telling people it is n't real - as if its the boogeyman in the cupboard and not something people can see and learn about themselves first hand . 
  the eu has as many ignorant idiots as the uk does . 
  but what makes it so much worse for the eu is that of it 's idiots , half of them are in denial left wingers who ca n't see the eu bloc economy is failing hard as a whole , and half of them are becoming the same right leaning populist fans we 're seeing appear all over the world . 
  but sure , look at those brit retards who wo n't move to the continent 's overflowing lack of opportunity . 
  edit : before anymore furious inboxing occurs , i actually am in favour of free movement of people and the single market , and will bet anyone here with any dollars to their name that the uk will end up with a eea arrangement or possibly not even leaving - when all is said and done . 
  but that being said , it simply is undeniable that eu migration in the eec was smaller and slower , and innately better managed by socioeconomic conditions , and allowed for easy adaption on the part of both the migrant and the host . 
  since the eu and specifically its expansion , migration has gone full retard and nothing was really done to address it . 
  whatever you want to say , that is fundamental failure of the eu . 
  allowing massive unskilled migration on that scale was always going to cause social issues , nevermind that a decent chunk of the migrants ( unlike previous commonwealth migrants ) simply did not give two fucks to assimilate or want to be `` british '' . 
  so when you 've got the rich countries basically being flooded with this migration phenomenon , and many of these migrants simply saving and cashing out , it 's no surprise that the very economies being leeched eventually slowed down , and were definitely weaker when the last recession came , and the native labour group was n't happy about having less than before , for no real reason other than someone somewhere said it must be so . 
  again , it could have been managed in someway and worked out well for everyone , but typical brussels ... 
  i hope the eu reforms or shit will hit the fan in spectacular style in the next 5 years . 
  the pound 's devastation should remind you all exactly why milking the southern eu for the profit of banks will eventually come home to roost when that paper they greedily bled out of their own `` brothers '' becomes completely and utterly worthless . 
  business trips do n't need visas , and if you do apply for one that will be very easy to obtain , it could even last up a year . 
  collaborations can fall under the same rules . 
  it 's possible for someone now , to come from anywhere to the uk to `` collaborate '' in science with no real formal `` work '' visa , but it is strictly short term , and as i said that can even extend to a year with the right forms/process . 
  admittedly , it is a weak classification , whilst you are within the law using it , it is trivial for the government to make a case that you are in fact working , and would need to get a proper visa for that instead . 
  it also would not be time that you could count towards residency . 
  so in some cases it will be explicitly allowed because they do not want to give people from most countries a backdoor into residency that is extremely poorly monitored and informal , compared to the actual formal process everyone must go through . 
  well in the 50s/60s/70s immigration from around the commonwealth which was slower and more regulated , never caused anywhere near the and problems we 're seeing now . 
  along with that , those immigrants assimilated , did n't form enclaves anywhere near as much , and wanted to become part of the british identity and actually become `` british '' . 
  after the eec and the free movement of people came in , for decades most eec countries did n't actually immigrate to the uk in comparable numbers to commonwealth migration of previous years . 
  then all of a sudden , poor eastern european countries had people immigrating to the uk to the tune of 500000 a year - right after there was 250000 a year from iraq , afghanistan etc for a few years . 
  no one thought this might have been a potential problem . 
  throw in that majority of people who arrived in the uk since 2000 have n't assimilated or even tried to , like their enclaves and separate identities , and do n't want to be british - just be in britain . 
  these are not true citizens of a country , people are waking up to that . 
  it 's just some who are being violent about it . 
  actually the stance of `` what 's best for the eu '' and `` no special treatment '' is also what 's best for britain . 
  leave voters may have some fucking stupid people among them but the people voted for their own selfish version of the national interest will understand and expect the eu to act in its best interest . 
  only a minority of the most retarded would consider the eu pursuing the obvious `` best course of action for the eu '' as vengeful . 
  it is very homogenous , so immigrants stick out really badly , especially if they are n't trying to assimilate . 
  back in 2003 - 2006 when iraqis and afghans ( and other middle eastern countries ) asylum seekers/economic migrants started turning up , it was very obvious . 
  they did n't assimilate and 4/5 years later they all pretty much disappeared . 
  boris never wanted to win , he know full well he could n't get the single market and block free movement . 
  literally , no one except angry yank college kids and retards , is saying the uk seriously thought they 'd get no free movement and stay in the single market . 
  the whole thing was a piss take . 
  anyone who wanted to leave has two options , 1 ) leave the whole fucking thing , standard wto tariffs . 
  or 2 ) go more `` out '' to a norway position , which is basically no eu law ( required ) except on tradable goods and services , and probably agriculture , but pretty much everything else more or less stays the same . 
  the best option would be to go to efta/eea , with no schengen . 
  the euro clearing houses go into the eu , and uk gets its territorial waters back . 
  budget contributions continue , probably at a higher net contribution than now , and free movement continues . 
  eu law and ecj do n't apply to the uk anymore except with trade regs and in relation to the free movement principle . 
  it gives the eu time to reform . 
  uk gets its sovereignty back for a while , maybe negotiates some international deals ( who knows ) . 
  but anybody who voted for throwing immigrants into the sea , gets more immigrants . 
  we lose our voice in the eu , but lets face it , when did europe ever care about our opinion anyway , other than all of a sudden ? 
  that or next pm just says `` fuck it '' and does n't leave . 
  that would be funny , but not off the cards yet . 
  or course , but you need to assess `` the project '' to see if you 're doing the right thing for `` europe '' in the long run . 
  it used to be a very rare thing for europeans to be distrustful of the eu , but i bet you personally know many who are . 
  even 15 years ago , it would 've been insane to think such things on the continent . 
  ask yourself , how can that be fixed by people who do n't even acknowledge that many people truly dislike the eu as an organisation , but not the ideal of european cooperation ?
