  it was n't him that insulted turks . 
  his name is david s . that does n't sound shia or sunni . 
  besides him speaking perfect german without any accent and being born here you mean ? 
   dig it up again in 400 years ... solid plan, 
  italy is also world leader regarding the installation of smart meter . 
   nato spend 2 % required by nato it 's not a requirement . 
  from / u/adlerchen / :  for anyone who does n't know , the nat does n't specify that nations have to meet a 2 % of gdp on military spending goal . 
  the 2 % of gdp number was only agreed upon in 2002 and again in 2014 . 
  it was a nonbinding agreement however . 
  thus , it would be abrogating the treaty to fail to comply with article 5 even if the country which triggers it spent 0 % of their gdp on their military ( unilateral disarmament ) . 
  yeah , if people would only listen to what he actually says :  trump was also asked about the recent attempted coup in turkey , praising president recep erdogan `` for being able to turn that around . '', 
  and trump suggested that the u.s. should n't chide erdogan 's administration about potential violations of civil liberties because `` when the world sees how bad the united states is and we start talking about civil liberties , i do n't think we are a very good messenger . '', 
  `` i do n't think we have the right to lecture , '' he said . 
  lol , it has again be removed . 
  you can not be serious . 
  trump praised erdogan for handling the coup :  trump was also asked about the recent attempted coup in turkey , praising president recep erdogan `` for being able to turn that around . '', 
  and trump suggested that the u.s. should n't chide erdogan 's administration about potential violations of civil liberties because `` when the world sees how bad the united states is and we start talking about civil liberties , i do n't think we are a very good messenger . '', 
  `` i do n't think we have the right to lecture , '' he said . 
  so if you are in favour of a european army you should hope for trump ? 
  how is destroying the idea of nato related to realpolitik ? 
  he 's saying to putin that an attack on the baltic states might have no consequences . 
  nato estimates that it could hold the baltics for something like 72 hours in case of a russian attack . 
  the major reason not to attack is the credible threat that any attack would trigger the full nato response . 
  trump just destroyed that credible threat . 
  it 's not realpolitik , it 's the something only an idiot would say . 
  removed for being off-topic . 
  i agree that european should increase their spending and maybe there should be some mandatory rules . 
  but it 's totally out of line to doubt the entire defense mechanism when they are n't . 
   there are criteria that need to be fulfilled to join nato . 
  many are failing that . 
  do n't know if you mean the 2 % spending but that is n't a criteria to join nato . 
  also it 's a spending * goal * . 
  it has never been a hard criteria . 
  it seems a bit strange when they do n't remoe an article regarding the college degree of trump 's wife but this . 
  the article regarding trump saying he might not defend other nato countries in case of an attack is getting removed for being off topic . 
  and here 's an article regarding the college degree of his wife . 
  it does n't matter how much you pay . 
  as far as i now nato does n't even calculates that it could hold the baltic states more than 72 hours in case of an attack . 
   removed off topic yeah , the security of europe is off topic . 
  `` there 's no need for a european army because of nato . '', 
  how is destroying the idea of nato related to realpolitik ? 
  he 's saying to putin that an attack on the baltic states might be on the table . 
  it 's the most stupid thing he could possibly say because he 's destroying the automatism and notion that any attack will trigger a nato response . 
  and that 's the most important protection for eastern europe . 
  it 's not realpolitik , it 's the something only an idiot would say loud . 
  it does n't matter if it 's just a scare tactic . 
  he 's undermining the security of eastern europe with that sentence . 
  the protection of the baltic states works on a credible automatism that any russian attack will trigger a nato response . 
  trump has just given doubts to that . 
   far as i 'm concerned the alliance died in 2003 when some nations thought saddam hussein was the good guy . 
  if people ca n't pick between bush or saddam then why should i help them pick between capitalism or putinism ? 
  you ca n't make that shit up . 
   germans like caused two world wars . 
  trump has german roots . 
  checkmate . 
  nah , australian school of ecology . 
   david davis , brexit minister , has confidently predicted britain will be able to establish a big trade area `` 10 times the size '' of the eu in time for an exit in 2019 . 
  this guy seem to be a great ecologist !, 
  he can create a trade area bigger than the entire world 's gdp . 
  whats the schedule for the book burning ? 
  we do n't call retired people retired anymore ? 
  that 's retired . 
  so how many retired men have you dated ? 
  personally i could deal with that form of terrorism . 
  yes , people should bring a harpoon when going swimming . 
  fraunhofer ( applied research ) and max planck ( fundamental research ) societies are pretty cool . 
  they conduct a more directed research while the constitution in germany guarentees that universities are independent from government influence . 
  basically they could spend their entire budget on the mating behaviour of house cats . 
  because of glorious cultural marxism ? 
   it 's not valued by the market , it is by definition `` less worth '' . 
  [ there 's an entire book written about how stupid that sentence is . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dialectic_of_enlightenment ), 
  do n't go to berlin . 
  it 's crowded with english speaking hipsters that do n't want to integrate and the bureaucracy is soviet style efficient . 
  he/she wrote :  not the native population , `` affirmative action '' and ** preference for non-native employees punishes native europeans for being born . 
  ** as far as i can tell , women are considered native europeans . 
  ( maybe not in some rural parts of switzerland ), 
  no discrimination due to your ethnic background . 
  i was sure it was posted here already . 
  seem like it was n't . 
   `` affirmative action '' and preference for non-native employees punishes native europeans for being born . 
  that 's illegal in germany . 
  it 's a little known fact that we do n't have american laws . 
   ask yourself who benefits from all of this low-skilled migration ? 
  not the working class , they now have to compete with workers who will work for far less . 
  30 000 refugees have found a job . 
  almost all of them in low wage jobs that only pay minimum wage . 
  so how should they drive down the wage ? 
   the only people who benefit are those who employ low-skilled people , and the politicians who these migrants will vote for . 
  how exactly can people without a citizenship vote for those politicians ? 
  do you understand that we do n't just hand out citizenships ? 
  maybe you should have a look what happend to the refugees that came during the war in yugoslavia . 
   second , maybe wait until the dust settles before doing polls . 
  and yet you use a shortterm recovery to prove brexit has no negative effect . 
  ( and ignore that the pound has fallen like crazy ) maybe , just maybe those cfos are looking on longterm effects instead of the current market ? 
  germany does n't recognise degrees that easily . 
  there are dentists that have to work as dish washers for example . 
  and considering dax companies are n't hospitals doctors would n't even be able to find a job there . 
  the financial times deliberately mixes half-truths and omits other facts : [ germany 's employment agency has estimated that at least 30,000 refugees have found jobs in the country since spring 2015 ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/economist-geis-33000-jobs-for-refugees-a-success/a-19397020 ) that 's data from a week ago . 
  funny how they did n't mention that .
