  all these things are already possible in germany with sites like mytaxi.de . 
  the great uber innovation is that you can offer a service cheaper if you do n't pay any taxes and not get a commercial car insurance . 
  when i read reddit comments about uber in germany i feel like nobody has an idea what he 's talking about . 
  i do n't know what exactly they were protesting but i guess it was about the recent events in germany . 
  speaking out against the burning of refugee shelter does n't equal turning the other cheek . 
  the other things you said probably apply for some of them but i would guess it can be argued not for the majority of them . 
  nobody that is taken seriously in politics is arguing we should let them trampling over us . 
  if they 're criminal or do n't want to adapt they should leave . 
  this argument does n't work when the biggest allies of the us ( and other western nations ) in the middle east are countries like saudi arabia and bahrain . 
  when bahrain was stopping protestes for democracy with the help of saudia arabia by steam rolling them with tanks and machine gun fire the us and europe did nothing but calling both sides to ease . 
  ( stop walking into tanks and bullets silly protesters ! ), 
  i honestly do n't get your thought process . 
  instead of sitting in front of a computer writing comments and fighting internet wars day after day these people actually demonstrate . 
  and the only thing you do is belittling them , calling them `` useful idiots '' and deny that they could actually believe what they do because they must be stupid tools . 
  and yes , i would say the same about peaceful anti immigration protesters too . 
  til only refugees do sport in a gymnasium . 
  must be the reason they are n't fat . 
   if the government does n't listen , you have a right to protect your family i think it would go to far to issue rifles to refugees due to some retarded nazis . 
  username checks out . 
  i did n't know that . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  the anti immigration crowd would do itself a favour if they stopped supporting everyone that speaks out ( in this case acts ) against immigration . 
  many/most of the people in this video are n't in the `` unchecked immigration is bad '' crowd but rather in the `` how bad we 're not living in the 3rd reich anymore , all non pure germans are inferior anyway '' crowd . 
  how these people are defended in a sub that is n't german in its majority puzzles me a bit . 
  ( not saying it would be better in a german sub ) also the contrast between / r/europe and the german speaking / r/de is very telling, 
  that 's true . 
  some of the pegida criticism was really stupid in the long run . 
  more tolerance for their protests and fears would have been a good thing . 
  to be fair they really lived after their image after a while though . 
  maybe they could start not using slogans directly taken from the 3rd reich and the hitler youth ? 
  just for a start though . 
  i 'm not that good with political slogans . 
  maybe it 's the same for them and that 's the sole reason they recycle nazi propaganda . 
  so throwing stones at refugees while shouting `` foreigners out , germany for the germans '' is n't racist ? 
  because 100 years ago ... 
  yep , the slogan `` blut und ehre '' ( blood and honor ) is totally not racist guys . 
  just because the term was used by the hitler youth back then and represents the name of a nazi network does n't make it racist . 
  speaking out against neo nazis makes one a leftist ? 
  these poor misunderstand protesters . 
  throwing stones , shouting `` germany for the germans '' , attacking and injuring the police , burning down refugee shelters and people somehow start labeling them as `` racists '' . 
  it 's like people do n't even try to understand them . 
  the majority of east germany also consists of atheists . 
  i think not . 
  the non-religion of peace strikes again . 
  but the liberal media is again to coward to publish these facts . 
  how long will it take for the liberal progressive elite that is ruling us to realize that the eastern german culture is incompatible with the white christian european values we have in the eu . 
  how many people have to get hurt until the ruling marxists realize that we have to deport these people or rebuild the wall . 
  `` a collection of interesting , important , and controversial perspectives largely excluded from the american mainstream media . '', 
  thank god someone is reporting news the liberal american mainstream media like fox news is ignoring . 
  i do n't quite get your argument because hartz4 could be seen as a form of austerity . 
  germany implemented the hartz4 ( as well as hartz i , ii , iii ) reform when we had relatively high unemployment within the eu ourselves but before our economy crashed . 
  therefore it was even harder to implement these reforms that cut unemployment benefits and other things despite an urgent need . 
  back then people were demonstrating week after week for months and it basically killed the chances of a social democratic chancellor for years . 
  and yet these reforms are ( probably ) one of the reasons that we 're doing good now . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hartz_concept#hartz_iv https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/protests_against_hartz_iv_reforms, 
  germany has also just sentenced a man to a 4800 $ fine for proposing gas chambers for refugees on facebook . 
  i 've posted a link to / r/europe but it was n't listed in the / new queue . 
  that 's not what i mean . 
  obviously some/many people here are angry with how the mods handle the thing . 
  so why you not come together and create your own subreddit . 
  if there is enough demand you will prosper and attract people . 
  and maybe someday you will be just as or even more important as this sub . 
  i just find it pathetic how people here talk about cencorship and attack the mods for being communists/facists/sjw / marxists/leninists/reptilianaliens and go full retard . 
  yesterday some people here were constantly creating new alt-accounts just for attacking certain mods . 
  it 's not cencorship that the mods create rules in their own subreddit . 
  even crying about cencorship at a private website would be a bit stupid but this right now goes over the top . 
   it is a sad day , when you have to choose between fascists and communists . 
  so you do n't have to choose between fascists and communists like you say . 
  so what exactly besides laziness keeps you from creating your own subreddit ? 
   ruled by dictators unlike actual dictatorships nobody is keeping you here . 
  it 's a stupid fucking internet forum . 
  you do n't like the subreddit and the moderators ? 
  go and make your own . 
  but that would be to much work would n't it . 
   you can turn this off temporarily , but if it 's off for a while we 'll turn it back on automatically . 
  for a while = 10ms . 
  germany does n't really have a problem selling arms to problematic countries . 
  i do n't think orban is not having a tough stance . 
  why are you even answering . 
  it really should n't matter how long you 're registered here . 
  '' `` in the developed , civilized world every workplace has cameras . 
  why should the public workers be exempt from this ? '' those in the public employment program , he said , should `` get used to being observed . '' '' yeah , no . 
  at least in germany it 's prohibited in many cases . 
  10 of them redditors from here checking out what kind of sub that is . 
  did you check the links ? 
  half of them are already dead . 
  why should i spend my time reading  200 site documents trying to figure out the methodology of these studies when the guy i 'm replying to did n't even check if his sources are still there before posting them . 
  did you check the links ? 
  half of them are already dead . 
  why should i spend my time reading  200 site documents trying to figure out the methodology of these studies when the guy i 'm replying to did n't even check if his sources are still there before posting them . 
  do n't know how to counter a 404 link . 
  also your effort is about 5 seconds : going to / r/polfacts and copy the comment in this thread your . 
  you expect me to do : research about 500 of your facts and counter every single one of them . 
  i just have better things to do in my life . 
  so you think it 's beneficial for a discussion to just dump several screen long facts into a thread ? 
  even better : half your links are already dead . 
  you idiot did n't even check if the links are still working . 
  now what ? 
  your proof is a number of 404 links . 
  you better file a service request at / r/polfacts .
