  however they are still free to give a bid if they feel lucky . 
  something very cool is the new `` local energy '' . 
  renewable energy can be advertised with the area it was produced . 
  so you can give your money to someone from your area and have some connection to the ugly wind energy farm next to you . 
  also there were problems in germany that solar and wind were concentrated in several areas which lead to capacity overload . 
  with the new law there will be `` roads '' how each technology will be added to the market . 
  if there 's to much energy added from a certain technology the subsidy will go down . 
  however it will also increase if it stalls . 
  it 's not a perfect law and took years to be finalized . 
  many ecological group call it a failure . 
  but if you take everything into context it 's quite a good step forward . 
  it 's embarassing how people use the name adam smith and have no clue about him . 
  he would be called a socialist in the us today . 
  her government has introduced : * some of the strongest fracking law in the world . 
  * a new integration law that connects a stay in germany with a proven will to integrate * a new renewable energy law that introduces a market mechanism and will keep the costs down but also offer incentives for citizen projects that 's the stuff from the last two weeks . 
  it only looks like propaganda if you do n't have any comprehension skills . 
  most germans ( 2/3 ) did n't want her to run again for chancellor next year . 
  that was a poll in may . 
  her party is/was still by far the strongest and her support is increasing again . 
  yeah , no . 
  i thought that was n't necessary . 
  yes , it was much better before when you could rape a women and not be convicted for it . 
  it means that if you rape a women and she does n't physically resist you can still be convicted for rape . 
  do n't know how there 's much to discuss about that . 
  law experts have demanded these changes for decades . 
  i 'm not an law expert but as far as i know threatening someone with a knife was different and still rape . 
  what the law was mostly about were cases where the victim was too intimidated or shocked to resist . 
  that case is a bad example and way more complicated than it looks like . 
   they can now just say they said no and drag you to court . 
  and i can also just say you killed my non-existing cat and drag you to court . 
   statistics ? 
  statistics for a law that was passed today ? 
  ... right . 
  do you even know how the law has changed ? 
  by german law it was n't even considered rape if a woman did n't physically defend herself . 
   it 's like lean or 5s or any similar stupidity which can hardly improve industry or efficiency . 
  i agree that industry 4.0 is pretty much a hype . 
  but the entire toyota production system has become a crucial part of the car industry and everyone has copied it from japan . 
  i would say it has improved things a lot . 
  war crimes and torture ( bit of redundancy there ) are okay as long as it is about isis . 
  got it . 
  when people give simple solutions for complex problems they are usually idiots . 
  trump has lots of simple solutions . 
   meanwhile trump is non-interventionist i ca n't even tell if you people are serious . 
  are you talking about the same guy called trump that wants to `` bomb the shit out of them '' , `` likes waterboarding a lot '' , `` wants to bring things back way worse than waterboarding '' and '' wants to go after their families '' ? 
  because that trump does n't sound like a peace loving non-interventionist and more like someone straight outta the ss . 
  `` i had to jump !, 
  the bankers told me not to ! '', 
  apparently it was n't legally a mixed treaty and not single out of the many free trade treaties was a mixed one so far . 
  however politically it would have been pretty bad . 
  ceta and ttip are hot topics and the outcry would have been too much especially after the brexit . 
  * if the uk does n't leave it kills the tories . 
  something like 6x % of their voters voted for the brexit . 
  that would be political suicide . 
  * if the uk leaves and gets access to the single market in exchange for freedom movement many brexit voters will go crazy . 
  so that would be political suicide too . 
  * the uk leaves and does n't get access to the single market because they do n't accept freedom of movement . 
  that would be economical suicide by all means and most banks would leave . 
  makes you wonder why all politicians are runing away when there are so many alternatives . 
   tariffs are an absolutely key component of any trade agreement yes , they are a key component . 
  but the thing is that even getting rid of all tariffs with the eu would n't mean much for the uk/switzerland . 
  access to the single market is absoltuley necessary for them because of their financial industry . 
   which removed almost all tariffs , and the rest are gradually being removed now tariffs are a very small part of the single market or even a trade agreement . 
  considering your country deals a lot with services you should really keep that in mind . 
   most citizens never use free movement . 
  most people never use cancer medicine . 
  why even bother spending money developing them ? 
  [ eu information and assistance services ] ( http://bookshop.europa.eu/en/eu-information-and-assistance-services-pbna0614007/?catalogcategoryid=eboep2ixr4uaaaeuqdfhse3z )  this booklet brings together information on 22 eu services currently operating in the member states . 
  each service offers tailor-made support in a particular area , ranging from general information about the eu to more specific topics such as how to find a job , a business partner or funding for a project in europe . 
  citizens and businesses that travel or operate across borders can get answers to the following and many other queries . 
  what are my rights if i move to another eu country ? 
  who can help me to overcome administrative obstacles in another eu country ? 
  how can i offer my services in other countries ? 
  what do i do if a trader refuses to take back a faulty product ? 
  there 's all sorts of shit to help people . 
  hotlines and all . 
  just one more is solvit . 
  you can submit a problem that you as an eu citizen encounter in another eu state and they will try to a find a solutions for you within 10 weeks . 
  just google the homepage of your representative and write him an email . 
  maybe there 's another way too . 
  also you can write your representative in the eu parliament that you would like to visit him/her . 
  they have a contingent for visitors each year and it will cost you nothing . 
  transportation , food and all will be included . 
  there ' can be a waitinglist though . 
  most people feel the eu is something very far away but they really offer ways to change that . 
  the eu bookshop offers lots of publications about how the eu works , what rights you have and what services you can use . 
  ( lots of them ) you can even order all publications for free without any costs ( not even postage ) if you hate trees . 
   can you guaranty that an eu institution is not going to send its army to tasks a local government oppose . 
  what ? 
  it would be more about creating a rapid response force where still each country has to approve an operation . 
  it would n't even be legally possible ( in the case of germany and probably many other countries ) to have the eu decide about that . 
  single countries could focus on single tasks and we could be more powerful than the sum of our individual armies . 
  and that under the leadership of european officers instead of americans . 
  one part german tanks , one part polish tanks , one part french air force . 
  trained and coordinated together . 
  something like that . 
  i honestly do n't understand how people came up with this dystopian idea of an army commanded by the eu commission . 
  name one country with absolute free speech ? 
  no , the us does n't count . 
  you 're not even allowed to threaten the president .
