   wolfgang sch\u00e4uble admitted that back in 1994 , he had accepted a dm 100,000 cash donation handed over from karlheinz schreiber ( an arms dealer ) . 
   due to growing pressure concerning the uncovering of his involvement in the schreiber donations , wolfgang sch\u00e4uble resigned from the post as cdu chairman , as well as leader of the parliamentary group in the bundestag . 
  it 's just a technically bad article and it says a lot that they ca n't give some names of politicians that would do better . 
   when merkel won her first election in 2004 , she represented a more general shift to the liberal economic right in german politics . 
  her first election `` win '' is considered a disaster . 
  she was set to win by a wide margin possibly even that far that she could govern without a coalition . 
  she then nearly lost * because * of the neoliberal program including privatisation of the health care system . 
  why do people always forget to say that she flip flopped on germanys nuclear energy before ? 
  there was already a phase out in charge . 
  she then flip flopped on that even though the public was against nuclear power . 
  this came up in one of the uk subs and made me really wonder . 
  in the case of germany it could only get worse for the uk after the election . 
  most likely it will be the same government with the same coalition so nothing will change . 
  other possible coalitions ( red-red-green or black-green ) would be far more ideological regarding the eu principals . 
  lol , name one ? 
  kreuzberg and neuk\u00f6lln ( the one you 're going to come up with after some googling ) are among the most hip places in germany with skyrocketing rents . 
   try to explain it to your voters when suddenly 30 % of your market will vanish how many percent of the exports go from the uk to the eu again ? 
  [ levels of economic integration ] ( https://people.hofstra.edu/geotrans/eng/ch5en/conc5en/economicintegration.html ), 
  it 's actually pretty funny that you consider berliner that helpful and nice . 
  people from berlin are notorious in germany for being unfriendly and extremely straightforward . 
  it should be noted that germany does n't have a dedicated hate crime legislation . 
  these are crimes that are considered to be xenophobicly motivated . 
  47 % of these crimes happen in eastern germany while they make up 17 % of the population including berlin . 
  37 % actually but 40 % sounds cooler when you 're working for breitbart . 
  also it 's important to understand the basis : every child with at least one parent not born with the german nationality . 
  that includes lots of people even more so in germany due to history . 
  in elementary school we definitely sang songs too in religious class . 
  direction signs in polish to the next abortion clinic in all neighbouring countries ? 
   we had a few terror attacks , so this years number might be even higher considering the attacks . 
  the one in w\u00fcrzburg . 
  but who else ? 
  the one in ansbach hardly managed to kill himself with his bomb and the attacker in munich shot himself . 
  the thing is that they count children as `` with migrant background '' if * one * parent was n't * born * with the german nationality . 
  it seems like a very strict critera that is often overlooked.it does n't mean that the children were born abroad . 
  your right that it will be far less than 20 million of course . 
  also it 's 36 % the 40 % seem to be breitbart rounding . 
  ** you can not talk about cultural genocide and include cultural germans that have maintained their german culture and even language in your justification . 
  and again we 're talking about 20 million people . 
  it 's just a dishonest argument . 
  ** i 'm not talking about the gdr . 
  i 'm talking about `` sp\u00e4taussiedler '' german minorities that moved back to germany mostly from the former soviet union . 
  germans that lived in eastern europe and moved back are considered to have a migration background too ( which they obviously do ) . 
  those make up 20 million people in germany . 
  can you explain how germany comes up with the 40 % because i bet you can not . 
  germans that lived in eastern europe and moved back are considered to have a migration background too ( which they obviously do ) . 
  those make up 20 million people in germany . 
  so funny how your hurr durr cultural suicide includes cultural germans . 
  if someone says a lot of stupid things and insults people he should be called out on that . 
  especially if it 's an insecure person like trump . 
  how can a mental teenager like that run for president :  sorry losers and haters , but my i.q. 
  is one of the highest - and you all know it !, 
  please do n't feel so stupid or insecure , it 's not your fault, 
   this video is not available in germany in fucking 2016 within the eu . 
  yes , it seems to go further but the article makes more out of it than it really is . 
  the german press described it as `` new wording , same point of view '' . 
   germany seems to be softening her stance on brexit . 
  on 17  august michael roth , germany 's minister of european affairs said : `` given britain 's size , significance , and its long membership of the european union , there will probably be a special status which only bears limited comparison to that of countries that have never belonged to the european union . '' again the same fucking quote in every article regarding germany 's stand . 
  the german government should send a fax to every british connection . 
  the guy said he was misunderstood ( about a month ago ) :  let me be very clear : out is out . 
  no cherry picking . 
  free movement of labour is indispensable . 
  the law was overruled so how exactly did she know she was going to get kicked out ? 
  which law did she brake ? 
  you can find suprisingly many people that still have some good memories of the gdr : `` everybody had a job and a flat , now we 're unemployed and the rent is increasing . '', 
  someone in / r/berlin posted the same map with the migration background which is pretty interesting : http://interaktiv.morgenpost.de/migranten-in-berlin/#11/52.5083/13.3240, 
   anti uncontrolled 3rd world immigration does n't make a party `` extreme '' ? 
  no , but trying to send people to prison for their sexual identification does . 
  one of their member of the local parliament wanted to put gays into prison . 
  pretty sure that qualifies as extremist . 
  they started as a single issue anti greece/euro party when it was cool . 
  when the topic went away and they broke down in surveys they started to run with the refugee topic . 
  they really are the definition of being populist . 
  yes , the likely shift to a left-left-green government will be interesting . 
  . . the smallest ones ? 
  and germany 's gdp is 40 % larger than the uk 's one . 
  why would you even single out certain states and not compare the uk to the entire eu ? 
  an eu army should be opt-in anyway in my opinion . 
  if a country wants to participate great , if not fine . 
  and every operation should be approved by all participating nations . 
  everything else would go way to far . 
  the eu sould make it clear that destructive behaviour will have clear consequences in the upcoming negotations . 
  the uk can not gridlock 27 states for years while they figure out how to leave . 
   is there any law that protects you by not getting fired by using you paid vacation days ? 
  this mindset does n't really exist because it is mandatory . 
  every one takes his vacation and there 's no discussion about it . 
  it 's an important point in favour of mandatory vacation leave . 
  by heritage ? 
   at the hands of real germans haha . 
  always funny once the americans awake . 
  average wage in germany is higher than in france , the uk or austria . 
  okay , can you explain then why the german economy operates on cheap labour ? 
  because as far as i know germany is considered a high wage country . 
  average wage in germany is higher than in france or the uk for example . 
  i would n't take anything from the bbc that serious regarding refugees . 
  the bbc cites witnesses ( that coincidentally blame the refugees ) and facebook while the german article cites the police report . 
  bbc reports :  witnesses said when police asked the asylum-seekers to leave german article  die polizei bildete eine kette , um die beiden lager zu trennen . 
  alle anwesenden wurden aufgefordert , den platz zu verlassen police asked everyone to leave there 's a detailed german article that does n't make anyhting sound straight forward . 
  concerned citizens throwing stones at the ambulance . 
  yes , it 's true . 
  germany operates on slave labour and the economy will collaps any moment now .
