  he intends to submit proposals for the amendment of the relevant eu directive in june at the latest . 
  this is in connection with a review that runs for some time , and now also by the decisions in poland is affected . '', 
  [ auto translated source ] ( http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=de&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.faz.net%2faktuell%2fpolitik%2feuropaeische-union%2foettinger-will-warschau-unter-aufsicht-stellen-13994328.html ), 
  and with the word `` cartel '' drugs spring to mind . 
  therefore : high costs for a driving license support colombian drug cartels !, 
  well , that 's harsh . 
  the thing with this sub is that you can hardly tell who is sarcastic anymore . 
  on the positve site you will receive upvotes from both people who take you serious and sarcastic . 
  they use the wirmer flag that was created by the military-conservative resistance group during the nazi time because they hated the flag from the republic ( the one we use today again ) and wanted to emphasize that germany is christian . 
  which again shows that pegida is n't really about secularism . 
  the ancestors of the guy who created the flag hate its usage today and accuse pegida of misunderstanding the meaning of the flag . 
  amazon donates its entire revenue share of the song to refugee organisations . 
  so maybe people just try to help refugees . 
  that 's probably more than apple has payed in taxes in its entire existence . 
  his name is bernd h\u00f6cke . 
  i do n't get the hate for french cars and citro\u00ebn in particular . 
  at least they build cars that stand out of the uniformity build by audi and bmw . 
  especially the cactus is a lightweight car that fits an entire family with a unique design . 
  and yet it costs little more than a vw polo . 
  and the air cushion thing is cool too . 
  according to the german wikipedia ( number of pieces in brackets ) : 1 points : e ( 15 ) , n ( 9 ) , s ( 7 ) , i ( 6 ) , r ( 6 ) , t ( 6 ) , u ( 6 ) , a ( 5 ) , d ( 4 ) 2 points : h ( 4 ) , g ( 3 ) , l ( 3 ) , o ( 3 ) 3 points : m ( 4 ) , b ( 2 ) , w ( 1 ) , z ( 1 ) 4 points : c ( 2 ) , f ( 2 ) , k ( 2 ) , p ( 1 ) 6 points : \u00c4 ( 1 ) , j ( 1 ) , \u00dc ( 1 ) , v ( 1 ) 8 points : \u00d6 ( 1 ) , x ( 1 ) 10 points : q ( 1 ) , y ( 1 ) 0 points : joker/blanko ( 2 ), 
  i know this is going to sound really strange but these things are n't mutually exclusive . 
  we can actually manage to teach all children and give them education . 
  and as far as i can tell german children receive good education . 
  maybe that 's different in your country though . 
  not enough ketchup and high fructose corn syrup ? 
  ( might be a bit redundant ), 
  this thread has an awful number of fighter jet salesmen in it . 
  i understand and share your argument but pragmatically believe it does n't work with progressiv things like gay marriage . 
  i believe that if you force gay rights too soon ( like slovenia as far as i can tell ) you will get some backlash as today . 
  take something like cannabis . 
  people should have the right to consume that without interference by the state because freedom . 
  and still policticans would commit suicide by proposing that in many countries or some years ago . 
  even in the us states it took referendums as far as i know . 
  and then people will vote for a party that wants to change the constitution in the end there has to be some correlation between the will of the people and actual politics . 
  i believe he is right but i can not find the source . 
  there was one survey some years ago that said immigrants from turkey are slightly more in favour of gay marriage . 
  the magazine ? 
  which issue ? 
  i believe that you can not force too much progressiv change on a society because it will only make reactionary forces even stronger . 
  and a referendum is one of the most democratic things we have even though it sucks like today . 
  give it some more time and people will change their mind . 
  czech republic has become so atheist they assume the pope is one too . 
  it 's okay . 
  german media will retaliate by starting another [ `` potato war '' ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/grossbild-452424-751783.html ) by comparing kaczynski ( the other one this time though ) with a potato . 
  `` this result presents a victory for our children , said ales primc , the group 's leader . '', 
  unless they are gay obivously . 
  then fuck them . 
  other countries in europe like germany are n't much better though . 
  it 's still the decision of the people and should be respected . 
  because it 's sunday evening , i 'm at home , bored and like to argue with people . 
  nothing personal . 
   gay marriage is untraditional tradition is no argument . 
  many things used to be tradition in our societies . 
  burning witches for instance . 
  you can not use tradition without arguing why it is a good thing that way . 
   marriage has always been between men and women , regardless of religion i 'm not aware that there has ever existed marriage without religion in ancient times . 
  and again that 's the tradition argument . 
   also people do n't want to see gay couples adopting kids , yes , it gets harder to argue here and i did n't include that . 
   allowing gay people to marry decreases birth rates even more , and all of that nonsense . 
  they are fucking gay . 
  they do n't want to have sex with the opposite sex as much as you and i want to have sex with the same sex . 
  that 's why i do n't get the resistance . 
  they do n't hurt anyone by being gay . 
  people are disgusted because it ' s different and not common . 
  i 'm pretty sure that will change with future generations in countries where it is legal . 
  why not the point `` secularization '' : `` central to modernity is emancipation from religion , specifically the hegemony of christianity , and the consequent secularization . '', 
  it does n't hurt anyone that gay people can marry and as far as i can tell most anti gay rhetoric is based on the fact that it makes jesus cry . 
  if you do n't use religion it gets pretty hard to argue against gay marriage . 
  and considering that societies in the pre christian age had lots of gay sex ( see alexander ) i would argue that christianity/islam/judaism are the roots for being against gay rights . 
  the wikipedia article gives seven different definitions so please let me know which one you use . 
  we 're going to see publications from poland with merkel in nazi uniform and hitler mustache again are n't we . 
  not allowing two adults to marry is n't `` not modern '' it 's backwards as fuck . 
  give it 20 more years and even people like you will understand that . 
  okay , give some examples how they have physically assaulted them ? 
  because that 's what this article that you have n't read is about . 
  you would get more upvots here for posting the clip from the heute show that refugees eat german children - alive . 
  '' [ ... ] cameron 's pledge requirement is already creating ridicule . 
  `` cameron is an actor , like mr. bean , that bluffs , '' said the left-europe politician fabio de masi . '', 
  [ auto translated site ] ( http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=de&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.spiegel.de%2fpolitik%2fausland%2fbrexit-juristen-bezweifeln-reformversprechen-an-cameron-a-1068674.html ), 
  mercedes is the only luxury brand among them and i like driving in luxury cars . 
  also i do n't really like yellow cars . 
  `` every curve , every learning curve , starts out very , very slowly , whereby the first mechanisms have to be tried out . 
  it 's not linear , '' she also said `` learning curve '' and `` linear '' . 
  so it 's at least three hard core mathematic things . 
  yeah , europe is one of this crazy places where a party founded by an alliance of neo-nazis , vichy leaders , and collaborationnists is considered right wing . 
  next thing : you ca n't even hate the jews anymore without being considered right wing . 
  it 's so sad ... 
  just edited . 
  you two guys should become scientists or something because you definitely work with the same accuracy and shit . 
  ( take some % of this and add the value of pi to that ) there were about 1.8 million muslims in germany in 2008 . 
  and damn did we suffer from lots of terrorism by them . 
  redditor for 3 years still does n't get a joke . 
  fucking barbarians from sweden . 
  there are still songs for children in germany that teach them the swedes will come and take them if they do n't behave . 
  also the famous `` schwedentrunk '' : `` they lay the bound servant on the ground , stuck a wooden wedge into his mouth , and poured into his belly a bucket full of foul manure water , which they called a swedish drink . 
  though specific circumstances differed , in every case a restrained and gagged victim was forced to swallow ( by means of a funnel ) a large amount of unappetizing , sometimes boiling liquid . 
  substances such as urine , excrement , liquid manure , and sullage were used for this purpose . 
  apart from disgust , illness , and the possibility of bacterial infection , the schwedentrunk inflicted intense gastric pain . 
  because liquids are incompressible , the victim 's stomach and bowels must expand to painful proportions to accommodate the copious quantities of fluid .
