  the bundesbank is an independent organisation by german law . 
  the primary objective for them is maintaining price stability . 
  in my opinion that 's exactly the mindset that makes nuclear power dangerous . 
  people are n't really build to think in timescales of millions of years . 
  a single fuck up with the final storage could fuck up huge parts of land . 
  and even if we only talk about thousands of years it could be like prehistoric man fucking up things for us . 
  as far as i know and please tell me if i 'm wrong finnland is building a ultimate disposal place too . 
  somewhere in some mountain . 
  do you actually believe you will recover the nuclear waste from there one day because it 's `` ressource-filled '' ? 
  there 's no `` special relationship '' with germany but apparently obama and merkel got politically very close after initial mistrust . 
  annual rings duh . 
  according to / r/ukpolitics it 's a made up story and the minister already denied it . 
  i do n't really think it 's populist to have second thoughts about a technology whose byproducts you have to keep safe for millions of years . 
  the single market is a higher form of economic integration and not a free trade agreement . 
  people seem to use all the terms interchangeably . 
  and while we 're at it , a free trade agreement can mean all sorts of things . 
  the uk needs the single market for their services which are usually not the focus of free trade agreements . 
  no , not even ceta . 
  just like your girlfriend the plumber has access to your house too . 
  it 's still a bit different is n't it . 
  it 's a miracle how the brexit brought people together : isis , trump , iran , murdoch, 
  thank you for your service !, 
  citing the mises institute for somehting about economics is like citing a scientology book for something about physics . 
  that 's the typical eco101 answer without much more foundation than free market is best market . 
  france is actually the most loved country by germans too . 
  the sun is owned by rupert murdoch :  `` i once asked rupert murdoch why he was so opposed to the european union . 
  ` that 's easy , ' he replied . 
  ` when i go into downing street they do what i say ; when i go to brussels they take no notice . '', 
   the uk yet again stood up for proper democracy and self determination you should post that in / r/india . 
   personally if the eu was just about free trade and movement [ ... ] then i do n't think anyone would be leaving and yet freedom of movement was a big topic in the referendum . 
  for the love of god i hope the uk members of the parliament wo n't get any pension after they leave . 
  europeans should n't have to pay a dime to them . 
   `` i 'm not a fan of vladimir putin but he 's he best president the world has ever seen . 
  it would be an honour to suck his dick . '', 
  is there a petition for a rematch already ? 
  now imagine the crazy things that will happen in two years when the uk actually leaves . 
  for all we know merkel and hollande could replace the royal family . 
  it 's like a documentary about some historic event that you can watch live . 
  he 's the chairman of the european committee of the bundestag . 
  it does n't get much more relevant for a politican without being in the executive branch . 
  there are many ( elected ) politicans that are very powerful and yet most people have never heard their name . 
  on a personal level it would be horrible . 
  but do n't you think it would be better in the long run that they see for once who exactly they would kick out ? 
  those stupid people ( in this album ) got their brexit . 
  now let them have it . 
  i 'm pretty sure it will change some attitudes . 
  france saved us from another trade agreement where no other country had the balls to step up . 
  the multilateral agreement on investment included great things such as : * a ratchet mechanism that would have prevented additional regulation . 
  the provison required nations to eliminate regulations that violated mai and never pass any such laws in the future . 
  * a compensation to corporations for proven unfair or discriminatory investment conditions causing loss of profit . 
  [ maoi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/multilateral_agreement_on_investment#france ) business groups then issued a statement demanding the restriction of ngos :  these organizations should place emphasis on legitimizing themselves , improving their internal democracy , transparency and accountability . 
  they should assume full responsibility for the consequences of their activities . 
  where this does not take place , rules establishing their rights and responsibilities should be considered . 
  business is accustomed to working with trade unions , consumer organizations and other representative groups that are responsible , credible , transparent and accountable and consequently command respect . 
  what we question is the proliferation of activist groups that do not accept these self-disciplinary criteria '' . 
  [ source ] ( http://archive.corporateeurope.org/observer2/gbd.html ), 
  to be fair the eagle was used way before the nazis . 
  [ austria got the best version though ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a0/austria_bundesadler.svg/2000px-austria_bundesadler.svg.png ) with hammer and sickle and broken chains . 
  [ germany has the best national bird ] ( http://imgur.com/okp4iir ) not just some glorified sea gull . 
  a qualified majority in the eu is a mixture of the population and a single vote for each country :  55 % of member states vote in favour - in practice this means 16 out of 28 the proposal is supported by member states representing at least 65 % of the total eu population http://www.consilium.europa.eu/en/council-eu/voting-system/qualified-majority/, 
  hey , do n't you forget isis !, 
  [ isis ` expresses joy ' over economic turmoil created by brexit ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3658497/isis-expresses-joy-economic-turmoil-created-brexit-vote-terror-group-calls-attacks-berlin-brussels-paralyse-europe.html ), 
  i mean the headline :  there is no need to invoke article 50 '' - boris johnson, 
  it 's funny how everybody quotes the dalai lama but only that single sentence . 
  he said refugees should only stay temporarily not that we should n't help at all . 
  merkel said there 's no need to be nasty in the negotiations . 
  pretty sure such views can quickly change . 
  the uk does n't have that much power in a free trade negotiation with the eu . 
  the 45 % to 15 % export asymmetry is extreme . 
  uk population decides to leave and the result is that the uk does n't want to leave and the eu wants to kick them out . 
  now that 's funny . 
  i 'm sad that the uk voted in favour of the brexit . 
  but it 's great to see how many lies of the out side are revealed within two days . 
  the uk establishment used to bitch about everything the eu does and suddenly they get cold feet to actually leave . 
  if the uk wants to stay the other eu states should get rid of any discount they receive . 
  another important point : make the names of the councils not so damn similar . 
  i do n't actually think it suits the uk to piss off the eu and the world economy . 
  i mean they have to negotiate trade agreements with basically every single semi important country . 
  china already laughed at the uk 's hope to negotiate a quick trade deal . 
  holding everyone in limbo wo n't make it easier . 
  uh , do n't read / r/china, 
   the uk is still within the un i mean so is north korea and syria . 
  eh , yes . 
  45 % of their exports go the eu while the eu exports 15 % to the uk . 
  i do n't think britain will wipe their ass with any offer they get . 
  edit : something wrong . 
  that was known even before the brexit . 
  the uk will be treated like any other country . 
  not better not worse . 
  that was said to be horrific enough for them . 
  ah , well duh . 
  during olympia 1972 television crews were broadcasting the rescue attempt by the police live and the terrorist got warned . 
  we try not to repeat that . 
  a blanket gun makes pew pew pew but does n't do any ouch . 
  huh , why did he use a blanket gun ? 
  i thought criminals have access to actual guns anyway . 
   if you have 50 people wounded by gunfire it 's very probable that a number are dead not if he used a blanket gun . 
  which apparently is what he did . 
  i do n't get why everyone has to engage in worst case scenario mode the second something like this happens . 
  ah no , building an lng terminal would be more about being independent from russia .
