  during the cold war germany was nothing but a speed bump and target for all sorts of nukes to slow down the east . 
  why would anyone want to fight and die as a speed bump ? 
  and for soldiers in the gdr `` fighting for their country '' meant shooting at people trying to get out . 
  also germany had mandatory service until recently . 
  and having to serve for mostly alcoholic idiots on a power trip also shapes the attitude towards the military . 
  but hey , must be german guilt . 
  you can not keep the money yourself and sadly you can not employ your wife or other family members as say a 10 000 $ secretary . 
  and while it 's a fair thing that every mep receives the same payment it also means that meps from the poorer member states can employ much more staff . 
  and 100 % of those only managed to get themselves killed . 
  i mean it 's somehting . 
  [ it costs 65 $ !, 
  ] ( http://web.de/magazine/unterhaltung/stars/promifrisoer-udo-walz-angela-merkels-haarschnitt-kostet-65-euro-31149736 ) however the guy still deserves credit . 
  i mean that 's how she used to look like : http://media-cdn.sueddeutsche.de/image/sz.1.15559/687x515?v=1358418527000, 
  he was reported for an interview he gave afterwards . 
  it 's not about his little balcony speech . 
  do you even have the slightest idea what this is about ? 
  there 's a law that you may not assault dead people . 
  thank you for your service !, 
  so basically france should go back to the pre-revolution dark age where the catholic church was powerful ? 
  why do china and turkey pay something ? 
  so does death . 
   also , why punish a people for a democratic decision ? 
  the uk is n't punished for a democratic decision . 
  however the negotiations will reflect the power asymmetry . 
  i mean what do you expect by the eu ? 
  it 's a negotiation and everyone involved will look to get the best deal . 
  you can not expect the eu to look out for the best interest of the uk . 
  why is that more likely ? 
  busses are perfect for cities . 
  there can be about 50 people in a single bus which is extrem if you compare the needed space on the road with individual cars . 
  and no , not even with optimized distances would it be even close . 
  buildings in palmyra are from the romans . 
  the romans were european . 
  there 's the connection to the sub . 
  [ also stuff from ancient greece got destroyed ] ( http://www.reuters.com/news/picture/palmyra-before-and-after-isis?articleid=usrtscqpg ) it 's european history getting destroyed too . 
  schr\u00f6dinger 's refugee : uneducated and unable to work yet steals your job and magically ignores minimum wage . 
  seems like he was on the woodway with the translation . 
  meanwhile 10 000 people have demonstrated for love and tolerance in berlin today . 
  funny how rt did n't have a live stream for that . 
  ( probably because homosex is evil ) http://www.bz-berlin.de/berlin/10-000-feiern-beim-zug-der-liebe-in-berlin-die-schoensten-bilder never mind russia today , the daily mail is even worse : merkel on the ropes : thousands of german protesters take to the streets saying she ` must go ' and a key coalition ally withdraws support to open-door immigration policy after terror attacks they claim 5000 people were demonstrating when it 's only the number the organizer claimed will come . 
  so not even the organizer claims it were 5000 people today . 
  nothing but fucking propaganda . 
   march 3000 people demonstrating against merkel  may 1800 people demonstrating against merkel  today 1350 people demonstrating against merkel people are finally waking up !!!, 
  name one comment defending rape by muslims . 
  i honestly ca n't tell if you 're serious . 
  you want to punish innocent people because they have done ... nothing ? 
  but hey , it would probably even more deterrent to quarter them and put their remains on a stick . 
  you could probably find lots of great ideas from the middle ages and nazi germany . 
  that will show those savages !, 
  ashcroft did n't like nudity though : [ justice department covers partially nude statues ] ( http://usatoday30.usatoday.com/news/nation/2002/01/29/statues.htm ), 
  any proof he was muslim ? 
  have you seen how much sugar they put into their coffee ? 
  yes , it has changed and has become more european vs. brown people . 
  to be fair it was mostly a thing before the eastern enlargement of the eu and the open borders . 
  after the promised apocalypse did n't happen people changed their mind . 
  there are much more indications . 
  you can see his steam profile [ here ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/fotostrecke/muenchen-shouter-fotostrecke-139583-4.html ) i mean he had the name `` german pride ( afd ) '' and `` godlike german '' . 
  afd is the right wing protest party . 
  yes , they do . 
  at least in germany . 
  [ stop the polish invasion ] ( http://www.n-tv.de/politik/cdu-politiker-zeigt-npd-an-article311217.html ), 
   a foreigner born in germany , proud to be german , various nationalistic names in cs , called him self german during the attack =  foreigner, 
  jesus , next thing the eu will try to get the best deal possible . 
  you ca n't hear anything like that though . 
  i 'm not saying nothing has happened before but you ca n't make it out . 
  the video has been posted in the german sub and the title said someone made the isis sign . 
  ( finger in the air or something ), 
  i ca n't make out shit in the video . 
  but hey , i bet op can speak german and translate . 
  false dichotomy or stupiditdy . 
  take your pick . 
  then someone is lying . 
  because the german police as well as the owner of the d\u00f6ner shop say otherwise . 
  1200 reports in total , 500 regarding sexual asault , 5 regarding rape , 15 regarding tried rape . 
  i mean how do you know it 's not just some german guy selling them over the internet ? 
  seems much safer than selling guns that can be traced . 
  but do n't know how he managed to aquire that much ammunition . 
   but in the end of the day organised arms smuggling and insufficient border checks are more to blame . 
  he used a reactivated gun used in theatres so it 's not about border checks . 
  iranian roots and he still seemed to have admired breivik . 
  seems like integration is working . 
  it was n't really meant serious and i do n't believe any country will do it . 
  it 's way to complex for a yes/no referendum . 
  but it would probably spice up the negotiations . 
  i want a referendum in any eu country over the uk 's post brexit treatment . 
   while other sources call him ali sonboly ? 
  other sources seem to call him ali david or david ali . 
  also in germany the media does n't release the surname . 
  his whatsapp profil pic was breivik . 
  it 's still pretty bad journalism to use that headline . 
  but with the whatsapp image of breivik it seems to be true anyway . 
  stop writing articles because you do n't understand german you idiots . 
  the only thing the police said was that he studied different rampages , * probably * including breivik 's . 
  that 's not really what the police said . 
  they said that he studied lots of other rampages probably including breivik 's because it was the most deadly . 
  it 's just another round of twitter bullshit . 
  huh , better call the police then !, 
  because they say otherwise . 
  police found evidence for a planned rampage in his flat . 
  you are missunderstanding the video .
