  caracalla ( who killed his brother during a meeting arranged by their mother ) was a pretty funny guy too :  the inhabitants of alexandria [ ... ] produced a satire mocking this caracalla . 
  in 215 , caracalla travelled to alexandria and responded to this insult by slaughtering the deputation of leading citizens who had unsuspectingly assembled before the city to greet his arrival , before setting his troops against alexandria for several days of looting and plunder https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/caracalla, 
  `` why is it so hard to accept that people do n't want to see ~ ~ third world migrants ~ ~ bulgarians working in berlin ? '', 
   ** police union warns about bulgarians and romanians . 
  dramatically increasing crime . 
  homogenity and social peace in germany is threatend . 
  ** and why even stop there !, 
  if germany never united lots of crimes could have been prevented . 
  no offense , but these double standards are just funny . 
   ** `` police union warns about bulgarians and romanians . 
  dramatically increasing crime . 
  homogenity and social peace in germany is threatend . 
  critics of those migrants often labelled racists . 
  ** this would get lots of upvotes if we replace `` bulgarians and romanians '' with muslims would n't it ? 
  but obviously that 's not true because multiculturalism is working with * those * countries involved . 
  it 's always the other side that is really dangerous and criminal . 
   it seems, 
  they are n't meant to solve the issue though . 
  the idea is to hurt the russian economy without destroying it to give putin enough reason to engage in negotiations . 
  you ca n't annex other countries without consequences . 
  that she helped refugees . 
  she raised money to build a school in africa . 
  stupid joke or stupid ? 
  there were several threads on reddit that the german student raped and killed by a refugee deserved it because she helped refugees . 
  it was n't even true but who cares about that anyway today . 
  one was already identified as bulgarian and interrogated . 
  the main suspect is believed to have escaped to bulgaria . 
  police has his identity though . 
  up-to-date article and not clickbait from yesterday : http://www.morgenpost.de/bezirke/neukoelln/article208968723/bericht-u-bahn-treter-soll-sich-ins-ausland-abgesetzt-haben.html, 
  nobody has better broomstick technology . 
   the ones coming from turkey to germany were once very secular . 
   now ? 
  well ... 
  the importance of religion went down . 
  now , well , what ? 
  what do people from poland think about the smolensk movie ? 
  german media described it as pretty cringe inducing , especially the end . 
  state run propaganda operation to destabilise a country . 
  so what ? 
  haha , yes it 's funny that russia needs to exploit 13 year old girls for propaganda . 
   the media storm surrounding a fake story about a russian-german girl , who had reportedly been raped by arab migrants , was a wake up call for german political elites earlier this year . 
  for the first time , they clearly saw the links between russian domestic and foreign media campaigns against germany and russian politics at the highest level . 
   the 13 year old russian-german girl had gone missing for 30 hours and was reported by first russian tv to have been raped by migrants . 
  the story turned out to be fake ( the german police were able to establish that she had been with a friend that night ) but was intensively reported in russian domestic and foreign media , and ended in diplomatic tensions between germany and russia . 
   - a journalist from the first russian tv channel picked up the case of the russian-german girl and brought it to the main news in russia ;  - russian foreign media like rt , sputnik and rt deutsch reported on the case ;  - social media as well as rightwing groups distributed the information on the internet ;  - demonstrations were organised via facebook involving representatives of the german-russian minority ( deutschlandrussen ) as well as neo-nazi groups ;  - russian foreign media in germany reported from these demonstrations , which brought it to the german mainstream media ;  - finally , at the top political level , russian foreign minister sergej lavrov made two public statements about his concerns about the inability of the german police and legal system to take such cases seriously because of political correctness . 
  he 's a 2000 year old reptilian alien , dumbass !, 
  actually yes . 
   the issue was raised in a bizarre television profile and interview of soros aired on the cbs television program 60 minutes in december of 1998 . 
  in the segment , steve kroft , the interviewed , noted with prosecutorial gusto that george 's father had `` bribed a government official to swear that you were his godson , '' and added that this survival strategy `` carried a heavy price tag . '' for , he continued , `` as hundreds of thousands of jews were being shipped off to the nazi death camps , a thirteen-year-old george soros accompanied his phony godfather on his rounds , confiscating property from the jews . '' visibly dumbfounded by the line of questioning , soros could only manage to say that he had no role in the seizure of property and was merely a spectator . 
  to underscore kroft 's point , film footage showed masses of hungarian jews being led away at gunpoint . 
  this is what actually happened . 
  shortly after george went to live with baumbach , the man was assigned to take inventory on the vast estate of mor kornfeld , an extremely wealthy aristocrat of jewish origin . 
  the kornfeld family had the wealth , wisdom and connections to be able to leave some of its belongings behind in exchange for permission to make their way to lisbon . 
  baumbach was ordered to go to the kornfeld estate and inventory the artworks , furnishings , and other property . 
  rather than leave his `` godson '' behind in budapest for three days , he took the boy with him . 
  as baumbach itemized the material , george walked around the grounds and spent time with kornfeld 's staff . 
  it was his first visit to such a mansion , and the first time he rode a horse . 
  he collaborated with no one and he paid attention to what he understood to be his primary responsibility : making sure that no one doubted that he was sandor kiss . 
  among his practical concerns was to make sure that no one saw him pee . 
  ( michael t. kaufman , soros : the life and times of a messianic billionaire ( alfred a. knopf : new york 2002 ) 36-38 . http://www.valuewalk.com/2016/11/george-soros-60-minutes/2/, 
   the claim that george soros was a nazi collaborator is false and deeply offensive . 
  as a 13-year-old child soros was hidden with an official of the ministry of agriculture . 
  soros 's father helped hide the official 's jewish wife and the official agreed to let young soros pose as his christian godson in return . 
  this is how soros was able to survive the nazi occupation . 
  on one occasion the official went to inventory the estate of a jewish family that had fled hungary under duress . 
  he brought the child in his charge along rather than leaving him alone in budapest . 
  to construe this as soros `` collaborating with nazis '' is false , malicious and deeply misleading what exactly did he do ? 
   turbo trump : andrew breitbart was assassinated #pizzagate ok . btw :  the claim that george soros was a nazi collaborator is false and deeply offensive . 
  as a 13-year-old child soros was hidden with an official of the ministry of agriculture . 
  soros 's father helped hide the official 's jewish wife and the official agreed to let young soros pose as his christian godson in return . 
  this is how soros was able to survive the nazi occupation . 
  on one occasion the official went to inventory the estate of a jewish family that had fled hungary under duress . 
  he brought the child in his charge along rather than leaving him alone in budapest . 
  to construe this as soros `` collaborating with nazis '' is false , malicious and deeply misleading . 
  i only try to say it 's election campaign nonsense . 
   angel merkel calls for burqa ban ` wherever legally possible law experts working for the government already answered that and merkel knows that :  die juristen des bundestages kamen jedoch zu dem ergebnis , dass ein solches verbot mit dem grundgesetz nicht vereinbar sei . 
  it 's most likely unconstitutional . 
  you see , greg , when you yell at a dog , his tail will go between his legs and cover his genitals , his ears will go down . 
  a dog is very easy to break , but cats make you work for their affection . 
  they do n't sell out the way dogs do . 
  trump wo n't be the queen of austria . 
  because you 're not even austrian ? 
  decency , you do n't have it . 
  so the eu has an idea for a great law that would be beneficial for basically every citizen and could counter anti eu sentiments . 
  some weeks later :  `` 10 $ per gigabyte sounds reasonable . '', 
  it 's like they are determined to be stupid . 
  when germans form the east arrived in germany as refugees after ww2 people expelled them `` send them to siberia ! '', 
  and threw rocks at them because they did n't want `` foreigners '' in their village . 
  you can find the exact same arguments as today . 
  `` wrong culture '' , `` they take our women '' , etc. 
  no , you 're not :  `` polish economy is according to our data an 18th world economy . 
  the place of my country is among the members of the g20 . 
  this is a very simple postulate : firstly -- it results from the size of polish economy , secondly -- it results from the fact that poland is the biggest country in its region and the biggest country that has experienced a certain story . 
  that story is a political and economic transformation . '', 
  lech kaczy\u0144ski , 2010 more serious :  ernst & young published its report about optimal members for g20 . 
  after analyzing trade , institutional and investment links poland was included as one of the optimal members . 
  now we have to invite switzerland and poland too . 
   basically like liberal arts no , not at all . 
  ironically you make the same argument as those russians :  klyosov has advanced outlandish claims , including the idea that the human species originated in the russian north and that the view that humans derived from africa is an expression of western political correctness . 
  he was also an immigrant - from spain .
