   but despite the large number of vacancies in the german jobs market -- 665,000 in june -- it has proven harder than expected to recruit the refugees into the workforce . 
  how can they draw conclusions like that when the survey only focused on the top 30 companies in germany ? 
  the german article they cite is much clearer with that . 
  i do n't understand how that would legally work . 
  there would basically be different laws in the same country . 
  the initial point was that they are not connected to nazis . 
  however their leader likes to pose as hitler which seems a bit strange . 
  also it 's hard to take their concerne regarding criminal immigrants serious when their glorious leader has been convicted 16 times for burglary , cocaine trafficking , theft and assault and even better lived as an illegal immigrant in south africa in order to avoid his prison sentence . 
  but who knows , maybe he 's just concerned about competition ? 
  not to mention that they seem to care more about the racial purity of our national team instead of islamists . 
   i like to believe that my country stands for what 's right , not what 's convenient . 
  the uk ( and basically any other western country ) had no problem when the bahrainian government stopped peacful protests by driving over them with tanks and shooting them . 
  our countries approve protests and revolutions when it suits them politically . 
  eu countries can not return them if they fear there 's a chance that they will be executed or tortured i believe . 
  it should also be mentioned that even the oppostion parties denounced the coup . 
  it 's not the evil erdogan vs. good military situation everybody likes to fantasise about . 
  like the shah in iran ? 
  50 % of the people support erdogan . 
  how exactly do you get democracy back that way without a military dictatorship ? 
  so was the coup actually connected to g\u00fclen ? 
  is there any actual proof that the was asking for asylum ? 
  because it 's a standard propaganda move . 
  look it 's over !, 
  he 's already fleeing . 
  nah , it all sounds like allhu akbhar so it must be that . 
  you mean like libya that has become the entry point for refugees ? 
  so any news on erdogan seeking asylum in germany , britain and iran that was started by sources `` within the us military '' ? 
  because i 'm pretty sure that was propaganda . 
  i ca n't believe you think a military shooting peaceful civilians is okay because `` muh democracy '' demonstrate , democracy something rings ? 
  so shooting peaceful civilians that demonstrate is necessary to restore democracy . 
  got it . 
  do you even understand the term ? 
  it has nothing to do with the military taking over . 
  in fact the militiant democracy demands that the military is loyal to the parliament and not some independent entity . 
  using the term is just ridiculous and shows no historic understanding whatsoever . 
  op is n't really impartial . 
   edit 63 : erdogan has now applied for asylum in britain , following failure in germany . 
  much more believable than report he was applying in istanbul . 
  it 's not believable at all and probably just propaganda . 
  look , he 's already fleeing , it 's over !, 
  the coup is has succeeded . 
  it 's a standard propaganda move and pretty funny how it was started/picked up by the american media . 
  explain why it is n't art then . 
  great victory for europe : the new privacy ombudsperson will not be from the us intelligence community !, 
  he 's a us under-secretary of state that will have nothing in mind but the best interest for europeans !, 
  [ lobbying mostly . 
  ] ( http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2015/12/google-ramps-up-eu-lobbying-as-antitrust-charges-proceed/ ), 
  it 's fucking infuriating how everybody just makes things up . 
  people do n't even seem to have any need for actual facts . 
  high fertility , immigrants it is !, 
   we all know why the fertility rate in france is that high . 
  ... we do ? 
  yes , that 's why i wrote january . 
  [ source ] ( http://waz.m.derwesten.de/dw/panorama/insgesamt-1276-opfer-bei-silvesteruebergriffen-in-koeln-id11940646.html?service=mobile ) 2000 is the alleged number not the number of identified suspects . 
  and as far as i know you ca n't give the nationality of people you have n't identified . 
  there 's no need to leak their nationality because they are known for months . 
  ( hurr durr , germany hidding facts ! ), 
  because for example in germany the change to renewables is driven by lots of citizen projects instead of a handful of big companies . 
  that 's something that these companies have always tried to change . 
  in addition , due to the renewables and the pricing mechanicsm at the electricity stock exchange many big fossil plants have become unprofitable . 
  the important word is `` non-discriminatory '' which means all energy sources are treated equal . 
  ( coal or solar , no difference ) ayy lmao : `` industry self-regulation '' same thing was tried with the new eeg law in germany . 
  it 's insulting how turkey behaves and the logical conclusion should be that the troops leave turkey and germany escalates the topic within nato . 
  turkey is the same country that used german soldiers and equipment ( patriot missiles ) to protect the country before . 
  erdogan must be entirely ignorant when he even asks merkel to distance herself from the german parliament resolution ( basically democracy itself ) regarding the armenian genocide in exchange for the visit of german mps . 
  yes , with another slightly political aspect . 
  ( perceived ) crime has gone up in berlin in the last years and the local government could n't do anything about it . 
  it 's suspected that they try to deflect a bit from that and appear strong . 
  especially because there are elections in autumn . 
  also parts of the extremists there should n't be trivialized . 
  there were cases where they made fake emergency calls to the police and threw rocks from rooftops when they arrived . 
  and then they justify that with the best sociology seminar style nonsense they can come up with . 
  but what about bicyclists ? 
  they are everywhere . 
  blue : no war without un mandate red : `` coalition of the willing '' green : no dedicated position not a single country in europe had a public majority in favour of the war . 
  edit : it 's a map from the [ german wikipedia article on the war ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/irakkrieg ) . 
  as sources for the map are listed : us state department , le monde and fischer weltalmanach, 
  gladiator fights used to be part of the culture too . 
  people back then probably bitched about the loss of their culture too . 
  germany does n't pay huge sums . 
  ( neither in other court cases ) it 's mostly just a basic pension . 
  because protestantism . 
  because martin luther . 
  because of the catholic church . 
  because jesus . 
  =  austria is n't part of germany because of jesus . 
  german dualism and the german question are much older than that . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_question https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/austria\u2013prussia_rivalry, 
  the number has nothing to do with how many people will actually come to germany . 
  the municipalities prepare that many shelter places . 
  many of them are n't needed as of today . 
  it 's like asking how many people a mcdonald 's can feed . 
  that 's such a stupid statement . 
  you imply that citizens naturally oppose high taxes . 
  for procjects with more than  750kw there will be a call for bids . 
  basically anyone can give an amount of subsidy he needs/wants for his renewable energy project . 
  the lowest bids will get the subsidy . 
  the idea is that this will drive down the costs . 
  germany spends a lot of money on renwable energy subsidies and the new law should bring those down . 
  for projects < 750kw there will be a fixed subsidy because for average joe it 's a bit complicated to understand the bidding mechanism .
