since you are german you already should know how this works . 
  when you silence opposing views using the cudgel of law , you do n't actually eliminate those views , you simply allow them to fester and allow them to grow more cancerous with time . 
  that was your original comment . 
  what i was trying to say is that germany does n't silence opposing views or tries to eliminate those views . 
  the object is to identify and ban `` criminal statements '' like callings to bodily harm for refugees etc. 
  and as you said that is n't something special and even similar to what is illegal in the us . 
   finding an indefensible scapegoat what indefensible scapegoat ? 
  nobody is scaring people away from criticizing refugees ore immigration if they somehow manage to do that without death threats . 
  do n't lecture me about free speech and no , the u.s. view is not clear on this . 
  ** `` threatening the president of the united states is a class e felony under united states code title 18 , section 871 . 
  it consists of knowingly and willfully mailing or otherwise making `` any threat to take the life of , to kidnap , or to inflict bodily harm upon the president of the united states . 
  '' ** so you do n't have free speech in the us either , huh ? 
  is the president some kind of king that needs special protection ? 
  is their no equality ? 
  what happens next ? 
  can americans soon no longer criticise politicans ? 
  at least in germany we have something called equality and you ca n't do the mentioned things to ordinary citizens either . 
   you can easily produce another hitler who will kill millions of people in the name of political corectness . 
  yes , it happens just so easily . 
  one day you ban comments that call for the killing of people and whoops , the next day there are millions of dead people . 
  it 's logic 101 ... 
   many norwegians swung to a more welcoming mood towards refugees , especially after the body of drowned syrian toddler aylan kurdi was pictured washed up on a beach in turkey this month . 
   many other parties argued that norway , one of the richest nations in the world thanks to its income from offshore oil and gas , should allow refugees to settle in the country . 
   the main opposition labour party , which favours letting in refugees , was the big winner on monday with 33.4 percent , its best result in a local election since 1987 . 
  it seems like people went in the other direction . 
  so the argument that there is no reason to elect a anti-immigration party does n't hold . 
  ... it was sarcasm, 
  just like reddit predicted it . 
  oh , it says worst . 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about and the use of `` social justice warriors '' is the very first hint for that . 
   hate speech ca n't be clearly defined it certainly can be ( and is ) defined as hate speech when people propose killing refugees . 
  and that 's what this is about . 
  maybe just maybe that can also be considered hate speech . 
   of course they will be removing anti-refugee comments no they wo n't . 
  stop spreading nonsense . 
  nobody is taking away the right to criticise islam or the refugees situation . 
  `` we should rebuild gas chambers for these refugees '' does n't go against the mainstream media narrative but human dignity . 
  and yes , that is exactly what some guy was proposing on facebook . 
   exclusive : cia files prove america helped saddam as he gassed iran  the u.s. knew hussein was launching some of the worst chemical attacks in history -- and still gave him a hand . 
  the us helped and backed saddam when he used chemical weapons in iran-iraq war inlcuding attacks against civilians . 
  so i find it hard to believe the us suddenly started to care about that when they started the war on iraq . 
  i found [ this ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?hl=en&amp;sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.faz.net%2faktuell%2fpolitik%2finland%2ffluechtlinge-in-deutschland-integriert-und-abgeschoben-1328099.html ) article from one of the best german news papers called `` integrated and deported '' . 
  as you said the war was over and there was no risk anymore . 
  but the brutal thing was that often families were broken apart with fathers ( with a job ) sent back while mothers with children were temporarily allowed until the children finished school here in germany . 
  some actually managed to make into the `` best '' school path and were on their way to university . 
  and they often only spoke german because they grew up here . 
  so the entire thing seems a bit stupid considering germany needs skilled immigrants . 
  the economic situation was n't that good back then tough which was probably also a reason . 
  ( they took our jobs ! ), 
  sometimes schools and churches would fight for them . 
  there 's something called `` church asylum '' here . 
  when a church houses a family the police will not raid the church out of respect . 
  it 's not an offical thing tough . 
  quite often these people then found a new home in the us and canada where they welcomed immigrants that have already proven that they are hardworking . 
  i 'm aware of that ( and was surprised when i saw the numbers for the first time ) . 
  i did n't want to bash the uk and us ( okay , maybe a bit ) with my comment . 
  it was more of a stupid reply to a stupid comment by this professor . 
  yeah , i met some in canada who still spoke perfectly german . 
  that made me feel really uncomfortable about my country when they told me that they wanted to stay in germany after having found a job and everything but then they were told to get lost . 
  obviously only time will tell if we are right or wrong . 
  but if we make the same effort to actually integrate the immigrants that will stay here ( many will not ) into our society as we do now and make them clear that they also have to do their part and have to adapt to our values i am optimistic that it will work out . 
  merkel ( and especially her party ) is n't ideologically driven to save every refugee that is out there . 
  there will come a time when germany will decrease the number of refugees we take . 
  just because they do n't say that now does n't mean they do n't know that . 
  just some years ago germany kicked out refugees from former yugoslavia in very brutal way . 
  people who actually learned the language and had a job . 
  germany is not some the naive idiot as people here label it . 
  just because we show some empathy now does n't mean we will show empathy and tolerance for people who do n't want to integrate . 
  it was merkel personally who said that `` multi kulti '' is dead and letting people live here in a parallel society does n't work . 
  i often feel like people here seem to forget that this is no contradiction . 
  it 's going to become the new `` old europe '' . 
  a term they used to label us as backwards for not joining the iraq war and then people here started to use it because it sounds sophisticated and traditional . 
  that seems like a compliment considering that they called us the same when we refused to participate in their adventure in iraq as another lapdog of the us . 
  but why bring up things from the past . 
  obviously they have achieved their goal of bringing democracy , freedom and stability to the entire region . 
  and with an estimated number of 100.000 to 1000.000 killed iraqi civilians i feel like the uk has also more than proven that they are n't driven by emotions unlike germany in the recent times . 
  ( not to forget their own soldiers how had to go there to fight and die ), 
  it 's the same in germany . 
  the effect even has its own name : \u201e not-the-foreign-born-but-their-children `` . 
  they explain it that the first generation has a higher drive to integrate into our society and knows how shitty it is back home . 
  [ source on site 5 in german ] ( https://mediendienst-integration.de/fileadmin/dateien/gutachten_kriminalitaet_migration_walburg.pdf ), 
  when [ organized gangs from say romania ] ( http://mobil.wochenblatt.de/nachrichten/landshut/regionales/polizei-schnappt-bande-von-rumaenischen-fahrraddieben;art67,125458 ) ( just an example because of your flag ) come to germany to steal bicycles ( including mine ) they should n't be included in a statistic regarding immigrants . 
  they 're not immigrants and have no interest in living in germany . 
  they only come here to `` earn '' their money . 
  therefore it is misguided to include them when talking about immigrants . 
  therefore the extra category with `` crimes committed by foreigners '' . 
  i guess some of it levels out . 
  for instance with germans more likely to steal stuff . 
  researches have done a meta study about that here in germany . 
  their key findings : * studies on immigrant criminality tend to throw immigrants , people who temporarily live in germany and people with a foreign residence in a single pot which skews most statistics . 
  especially the last category tends to cause a lot of criminal activity . 
  * tendency for violence is n't impacted by religion . 
  * crimes correlate most with education . 
  * no conclusion about the impact of nationality , ethnicity , religion and the tendency for violence can be proven . 
  * immigrants are overrepresented at the chronic offender database ( germans 3,3 % immigrants from turkey 8,3 % and from former yugoslavia 9,3 % ) . 
  * crimes by immigrants are more often reported to the police than crimes commited by native germans . 
  * the impression that immigrants are more likely to be crimal is misguided by `` crime tourists '' who do n't live in germany . 
  gangs from eastern europe that come here to steal stuff , etc. 
  * native german juveniles are more likely to commit shoplifting than germans with an immigration background . 
  * regarding youth criminality : ** 2300 crimes by native germans , 2800 by germans with an immigration background , 5300 by foreigners per 100.000 people ** * 20 % of all crimes in germany are committed by foreigners .
