  was your best friend 's dad the local imam ? 
  when you visited him later in turkey did he explain to you that the people who died in the recent earthquake were killed because they were bad muslims ? 
  were you ever chased by a group of angry muslims who did n't get epicurus ' paradox ? 
  have you written a paper about mohammed in university and therefore studied him ? 
  did you strongly critisise wilder 's moronic ` powerpoint presentation ' * fitna * because when you looked up the passages he cites in your own copy of the qu ` ran ( you own one , right ? ), 
  you found out they are far milder in the context and certainly not remotely as depraved as similar text in the old testament ( which you 're also quite familiar with , of course ) . 
  yeah , did n't think so . 
  what 's with the yann tiersen ( am\u00e9lie ) style music ? 
  also , most of those are so bad it 's almost offensive . 
  were those the only entries or something ? 
  no idol worship !, 
  also mohammed was the perfect human and you ca n't insult him or even draw him and i love him more than my whole family . 
   and it is also considered to be quite left leaning . 
  the nrc is anything but left-leaning . 
  christ . 
  the last time we took land from them we ended up with limburg ... ... ... ... ... ... 
  same dynamic as belgium with us . 
  it took them two whole years to copy us !, 
   majority of the netherlands want less migration , less refugee 's and more closed borders . 
  says who ? 
  also : refugees *  pvv , a party that is ( ... ) very socialistic no , they 're not and never have been . 
  they like to pretend they care , but people forget wilders used to be a liberal mp . 
  they were n't all killed in concentration camps either . 
  millions were executed elsewhere . 
   locking people up for holding ridiculous beliefs they did n't . 
  she was imprisoned for voicing them . 
  still stupid , but an important distinction nonetheless . 
   ns germany killed 11.000.000 people in concentration camps . 
  it was n't just de and 11 million is probably a low estimate . 
  i love how all the crybaby conservatives here are trying hard to prove she had a point by banning men from that meeting . 
  she just said some stupid shit and does n't understand the term ` racism ' but she 's hurt no one - yet you still call her `` literally one of the worst human being [ sic ] alive '' . 
  please crawl back under the rock you came from . 
  i hope trump cq carson wins because it would be funny and the us would get what they deserve . 
  i also hope clinton does n't win because people would be less likely to critisise her for murdering people like they are with obama . 
   it was a useless vote of discontent disconnected from the actual subject at hand . 
  but what about the people who voted to oppose it ? 
  i went to all the normal cities so your theory does n't check out . 
  for a polish anglican priest she sure did seems pretty english . 
  my post might not have been entirely serious . 
  maybe our humour is a bit too subtle for you . 
  i 'm guessing it 's fairly rural and sleepy , hmm ? 
   the rest are funny ... except you netherlands , i used to like you !, 
  bahahaha . 
  i visited england last year and , well , i did sort of notice the difference in appearance . 
  the english are a bit heavier , their manner of dress seems somewhat outdated ( and that 's coming from us ) and , well , the teeth . 
  i always thought that was an american myth but it 's noticable . 
  there was one women whose teeth looked like a dj tried to tune them . 
  the infrastructure was far worse , though . 
  we used to joke about german roads , then belgian roads followed by french roads but england ? 
  it seemed fit for a monthy python joke ; `` what have the romans ever done for us ? '', 
  the protest was notable since there was maybe one other major protest against the nazis . 
  i studied history and learnt that van der lubbe really did set fire to the reichstag . 
  kershaw said the same ( in ' 98 ) . 
   usually when a war raged , the netherlands tried to stay neutral . 
  only after 1830 . 
   it was n't until jews started disappearing that dutch people actually got off their neutral asses , but you know how these things go . 
  name another major protest against the nazis in europe ? 
   the next day that was over . 
  the nazis were actually quite annoyed by the dutch resistance and used excessive violence to put it down ( see : putten ) . 
  lol , you think they did n't understand it was a bad thing to do to someone ? 
  why than would they free europeans who had been enslaved ? 
   its not a racist caricature , it was never intended to be one those two things are n't mutually exclusive . 
  also , lol . 
  `` i mean well even though i 'm black '' is n't racist at all . 
  so i was right ? 
  not really sure how you think that conflicts with what i said . 
  the special term for the jewish genocide is `` shoah '' . 
  ` the ' holocaust is a term that can also cover the porajmos ( romani genocide ) and other victims . 
  before the word genocide was invented papers and the like sometimes actually used the term holocaust : [ another armenian holocaust ] ( http://www.teachgenocide.org/files/newsaccounts/nyt%20articles/nyt%20article%20-%20sep%205%20&amp;%2010,%201895.pdf ) { pdf }, 
  why do you think this is relevant ? 
  * `` i 've met a lot of scotch people . 
  they want what we 've got ; order , sobriety , hope . 
  '' * - garth marengi, 
   16 milion population 17, 
  * a papadopoulos never pays his debts . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/srebrenica_massacre \u0ca0_\u0ca0, 
  they had dutch and french hostages and had been sieging srebrenica for months without anyone supporting dutchbat . 
  allied bombardments actually killed ten times as many people . 
  could you give an example of either ? 
  you 've had the same hog since ** 2005 ** . 
  you 've had a minimum wage since * 2015 * . 
  the us , half of south america and freaking belgium have legalised same-sex marriage already , which you 're not even considering . 
  oh yeah , very efficient . 
  the sp is far too conservative for the pvdd so that 's out of the question . 
  in the center gl and pvda could merge since they 're almost indistinguishable now anyway . 
  did n't de institute that margin to keep out future nazis ? 
  worked really well than . 
   the number of parties is a concern we 've had 39 coalitions since 1918 . 
  of those , 14 had 5 parties . 
  this excludes gerbrandy 's ww2 governments which had a coalitions 5 and even 6 parties . 
  in the past coalitions with 4 or more parties were n't unusual . 
  until rutte i the average number of parties per coalition was 3,25 . 
  we 've had coalitions with 6 parties . 
  and that 's just the amount of parties in the government , in the past there were dozens of parties running for a seat , there were over twice as many of them . 
  so no , being a democracy does n't `` hinder '' coalition-building . 
  that 's just anti-democratic fearmongering , usually from the right . 
  to be fair , we could n't have made a video that was almost as good as ours . 
  so you 're better at that , yeah . 
   so that you do n't make a rash decision lol no , it is so the cda could sell it to its voters . 
  how do you transport milk than ?
