  part of the eu , replaced lira with euro . 
  speak a semitic language and are quite conservative . 
  strategic location so involved in wars and current-day refugee problem . 
  i could n't name even one maltese person though . 
  self-reported numbers put atheists at slightly over a quarter of the population . 
  some 30 % believes in a traditional god , the rest in something in between ( `` a spirit '' , etc. 
  and we 'll still have non-secular influences on law , like sunday being the official day of rest , national holidays , etc. 
  that is what he seemed to mean . 
  secularity in the other sense also is no indicator . 
  turkey and the us do not have ( nation-wide ) same-sex marriage . 
  france only got it recently . 
  besides , blasphemy is still illegal here , we 're really not that secular . 
   nl is a secular nation , so you can bet that homosexuality is quite accepted . 
  some 55 % of the adult population is religious . 
   the main point : the more secular a country , the more homosexuality is accepted . 
  nonsense . 
  a whole slew of catholic have legalised same-sex marriage , including netherland , belgium , france , spain , portugal , uruguay , brazil and argentina . 
  meanwhile , countries like china , the czech republic and estonia do not . 
  liberal with a capital means the same thing to the british . 
  it 's across the pond where they tend to confuse/mix liberal ( right-wing ) with liberal ( progressive ) . 
  she was pretty bad . 
  * she started the betuwelijn , an unnecessary railroad for cargo that went straight through rare nature ( and way over budget ) . 
  * she privatised the national ( investment ) bank * postbank * , which recently had to be bailed out . 
  * she privatised the national post & telephone services * ptt * , which has led to a market where people pay a million times what it actually costs to send a text message . 
  i mean , for real , she got advise from * astrologers * and other quacks . 
  she 's really just undoing some of her own damage here . 
  `` vichypirate '' made me laugh . 
  kinda crazy that france has been at `` red alert '' since 2006 ( according to the wiki ) . 
  the military is usually not supposed to be involved with citizens . 
  this is especially dubious in the historical context . 
  do you know why paris has those nice , wide streets ? 
  they were implimented to allow easier control of the populace by napoleon iii . 
  the main roads were built in such a way that artillery could easily be used against rioters - which napoleon i had infamously done in 1795 . 
  and at the louvre too ? 
  really curious to have military in a civilian setting , especially in france . 
  * de : sour bread , sour mayonaise . 
  * en : sour shit on fries . 
  seems to be an angel-sachsisch thing . 
  * be : parts of brussel looked eastern european . 
  * fr : quasi-militaristic police with semi-automatic rifles at a train station ( well , gare du nord ) . 
  * gre : people spoke decent english on tourist-light karpathos ( early 90s ) . 
  * tur : they had to scour the airport for the one guy who spoke english ( istanbul in 1999 ) . 
  also , all the guards just sat on a bench all day . 
  not sure if you can really say `` wtf france '' here if you 're de . 
  when was the last time a muslim country invaded a christian country ? 
  to save money , they also use this photo for their passport - that 's why they 're not allowed to smile . 
  nord , norden or noorden means '' ( the ) north '' in german languages . 
  that 's `` nordic '' , not `` northern '' . 
  the uk is `` northern '' . 
  nl perhaps too . 
  edit : lol , 10 downvotes for stating a simple fact . 
  works fine with noscript . 
  do n't be silly , that would be logical . 
  and who is going to do it ? 
  housing corporations are really only interested in prestige projects and expensive owner-occupied housing . 
  thankfully , the liberals have acknowledged there 's a problem , and they have a solution . 
  a decent number of people live in affordable social housing , while making too much money to live there ( by vvd standards ) . 
  so now rents for them are going to be increased even more than for the rest of us ( they 're increasing rents so housing corporations can give the government money ) . 
  obviously , people are just fine with living in mediocre housing , and do n't want to spend too much on it , so we 're going to have to force them out . 
  maybe than they 'll learn they 're supposed to consume instead of save !, 
  the next step will probably be lowering the ceiling for wealth tax/rent subsidy elegibility . 
  i 'm already close to being forced to spend all my income instead of saving ~ 20 % . 
  they live elsewhere or get ahead in the waiting list due to have lived here for a while ( for instance , by being born here ) or by having a large family . 
  fixed my laziness . 
  here 's what happened : * ~ 1893 : to compensate for vat , the left demands some form of compensation . 
  this came in the form of ` mortage interest deductability ' . 
  * 1940-1945 : after de itself , nl was the most bombed western european country . 
  we 've had a housing shortage ever since . 
  * especially from the 90s on , housing prices skyrocketed . 
  real estate became a solid investment . 
  lots of houses are held by rich folk as an investment . 
  * in the 90s large housing corporations were privatised , turning social housing into a for-profit business . 
  the end result is that if you want to have some tiny , noisy , 1930s appartment in a shitty neighbourhood in amsterdam you need to wait around 10 years before it 's your turn . 
  you get to pay 500-650 euros for it too . 
  * in the 2000s builing offices became popular due to all kinds of subsidies . 
  currently 14 % of offices stands unused , and now demolishing them gets you subsidies . 
  no joke . 
  * the current lib-lab government slashed spending and instituted cuts , while slashing taxes for corporations and keeping the insane ` mortage interest deductability ' intact ( initially ) . 
  of course people started saving more , more cuts are hanging over our head like the sword of damocles . 
  * in 1999 45 % of all ` mortage interest deductability ' was used by the 7 % richest people . 
  liberals tend to stick to some `` values '' , even if they 're non-profitable . 
  just think of catholicism being banned until 1795 ( and from 1813 to 1853 ) . 
  the vvd ( liberal party ) is one of the more conservative parties , especially nowadays . 
  the legalisations in the 90s ( euthanasia , prostitution , same-sex marriage ) mostly happened because of d66 ( liberal-democrats ) and pvda ( labour ) too . 
  they actually use drones to find people growing weed . 
  growing has n't been legalised because the christians do n't want to be seen as condoning something bad and the liberals do n't want to lose the criminal vote or something . 
  they can also use apvs to block off public streets , it 's really bizarre . 
  the liberal party has been in government for 15 of the past 18,5 years . 
  purely a coincidence , of course . 
  ` the party of the god ' is generally considered to have a political and a military wing , like the ira . 
  the word ` terrorist ' , like the word ` pirate ' , is used to differentiate `` legitimate '' fighters ( i.e. 
  soldiers and privateers ) from `` illegitimate '' fighters . 
  it is also used to keep up the pretence that government militaries act according to laws . 
  france does n't want to lose what influence of theirs remains in lebanon . 
  also , some countries believe sustaining diplomatic relations is useful - as it was in the case of the ira and eta . 
  governments ca n't be terrorist by definition ( they 're far worse anyway ) . 
  what 's mindblowing is that only 55.000 people have that last name . 
  less than a third of a percent of the population !, 
  apparently , we have over 100.000 different surnames here . 
  we 've got an amerika and a turkije .
