  it was part of the evening block for children , which also included sesame street and the jeugdjournaal ( news for children - also watched by many adults ) * keek op de week : satire and sketch comedy . 
  the two presenters would discuss recent events and act in skits . 
  they coined many new words and terms ( stoned as a shrimp , `` regelneef '' ) and were quite influential for a tv program in nl . 
  a recurring act was the tegenpartij [ party against ] , whose slogan was `` together for ourselves '' and consisted of two clearly criminal individuals . 
  they actually created a political party and might 've even gotten seats in parliament if they had n't disbanded right before the elections !, 
  * ook dat nog * : consumer protection tv series are ( of course  ) wildly popular here . 
  as an alternative to serious programs like kassa and radar , ook dat nog acted out conversations between customers and whoever wronged them - to much hilarity . 
  it became so popular that they only had to mention the name of the show to fix someone 's problems . 
  ironically , one of its presenters died because her faith healer told her not to get cancer treatment . 
  `` when you thought you were done '' , perhaps better translated as `` adding insult to injury '' ], 
  because every leftist is a commie . 
  that must be it . 
  it 's a pseudo-americanism than . 
  really ? 
  hmm . 
  the times i 've seen the word used on here ( hema website commercial ) native speakers did n't seem to be familiar with it . 
  ghettoblaster !, 
  it 's nearby and it 's easier to find a place to live . 
  they did some counting in 2007 , the results were : * zaanstad : 189 ( 144.000 ) * amsterdam : 177 ( 743.000 ) * antwerpen : 164 ( 502.000 ) * new york : 150 ( 8.000.000 ) i think back then there were 194 possible nationalities . 
  curiously enough , with just 4,2 % foreign citizens we do have the two cities with the most naitonalities in the world ( zaandam and amsterdam ) . 
  we say minster-president or premier . 
  second chamber is 150 , senate is half that . 
  italy is nuts , i really wonder how the ended up with so many mps . 
  we 're odd in that we started out as a republic , had a dominant ` ruling ' family , disposed of them then took them back and finally ended up as a monarchy . 
  in fact , we switched twice . 
  napoleon made us a kingdom before annexing us . 
  if our history has shown us anything it 's that aside from louis napoleon all our monarchs are mostly busy helping themselves , regardless of the consequences . 
  i think that any sane , intelligent person would agree that heriditary rule is a form of discrimination that does not belong in the 21st century . 
  i thought it would be france . 
  it would be interesting to see how this relates to parliament size and the country 's population . 
  for instance , italy has 60 million people and 945 mps . 
  we have 16,7 m people and 225 mps . 
  three of those are european . 
  at least , i 've always learnt the borders are the ural , the bosporus , the caspian and iran . 
  even part of kazakhstan is `` europe '' , which is a fake continent anyway . 
  israel is a european colony , and close enough to participate in lots of european stuff ( sports too ) . 
  just pointing out our history education is n't perfect either . 
  i 'm pretty sure at least you learnt about your country 's civil war in high school . 
  that 's all nice and stuff , but nothing to be proud of imho . 
  i mostly care about progressive politics . 
  is that something to be proud of ? 
   one of the leading nations of founding the eu ? 
  in fact , the netherlands ( nl , be , lux ) already decided to cooperate more closely way back in 1941 . 
  the benelux formed the basis for later coal/economic/monetary unions . 
  they actually cut off a sizeable part , it went from 5 x 3,9 m to 4,4 x 3,6 . 
  there 's a whole bunch of similar paintings too , huge portraits of local militias . 
  `` our '' proudest moments : . 
  * erasmus ' the praise of folly is seen as catalyst to the protestant reformation . 
  in this book , he criticised the corrupt decadent church through satire . 
  * in 1581 we fired our king , paving the way for the end of `` divine rule '' . 
  * we allowed jews to practice openly in the early 17th century . 
  * rationalism , the precursor to the enlightenment can be traced back to the de la court brothers and baruch spinoza . 
  the courts were radical supporters of democracy , opposing hobbes ' and others pro-authoritarian writings . 
  spinoza was a sephardic jew who was kicked out of the amsterdam jewish community because he was so progressive . 
  * after the franco-anglo-german invasion of 1672 , willem iii made it his life 's work to oppose louis xiv . 
  he conquered england in 1688 and used it as a tool against the sun king . 
  the alliances he forged eventually helped prevent france from uniting with spain at the start of the 18th century . 
  * we supported the colonial rebels in the new world several years before they started their independence war . 
  this war finally broke the power of the republic , but weakened the british empire too . 
  * the progressive faction joined in on the french revolution in 1795 , leading to a more democratic government and religious freedom . 
  * napoleon was finally defeated in the netherlands in 1815 , and with that starts the `` dark age '' of monarchic rule ( to misuse the term ) . 
  it mostly involves misrule , alienation of the southern netherlands , and the exploitation and devastation of indonesia . 
  oh yeah , we also imprisoned/castrated gays between 1945 and ** 1971 ** . 
  * over 150 years later , we start coming out of the `` dark age '' . 
  in the 1970s , the tolerance of soft drug use starts . 
  * in 1994 we have our first government ( since universal suffrage ) without the christian-democrats . 
  this government legalises prostitution and limited euthanasia ( still quite rare in the world ) , and is the first in the world to allow country-wide same-sex marriage ( 2001 ) . 
  * despite some minor improvements ( trans rights ) , we 're currently regressing back into retardation . 
  i was just confirming what you said :  people forget that israel is at least partially a product of european culture . 
  in 1947 roughly 90 % of all jewish palestinians was either a recent immigrant or a decendant of a  1881 immigrant . 
  you can be left wing and love state intervention ( communist , socialist , social-democrat , labour ) . 
  the concept might be hard to understand for someone from a nannystate . 
  yeah , i figured you got it from pinker . 
  his book is very wishywashy . 
  not to mention that the amount of violent deaths is n't the only relevant factor and that a modern anarchist society is n't bound to relive the past . 
  after the 95 % . 
  it 's also a single example based on a single graveyard . 
  i have no dreams about the `` noble sauvage '' , but 33 % is a ridiculous figure . 
  i 'm really not sure if that was a bad decision . 
  the north most certainly would n't have given up on maastricht , venlo , etc. 
  yes , after all , it 's not like it worked fine for 95 % of modern man 's existence . 
  anarchism is a state of society without rulers , without an established elite . 
  of course , many laws would become pointless , and the remaining rules can be summed up as `` do n't harm others '' . 
  this would be `` enforced '' through education and peer pressure . 
  ah , western europe 's poland . 
  the country is named after the belgae , their apocryphal ancestors ( like the batavians for us ) . 
  it has been part of various empires and larger nations ; rome , hre , burgundy , the habsburgs , napoleonic france and finally the united kingdom of the netherlands . 
  after napoleon had been defeated the first time , a buffer state was created to the north of france ( so napoleon was finally defeated in the netherlands ) . 
  to give it legitimacy , the last stadholder became a king . 
  it went badly . 
  catholicism was restricted again ( until 1853 ) , we made them pay off our ancient war debts ( 1672/1780 ) and they got less political representation despite outnumbering the protestant northerners . 
  in 1830 the whole thing blew up , we quickly grabbed the part of limburg we did n't have originally and then france liberated them like it did with us and the us . 
  belgium got its own king , and they got half of luxemburg too ( which remained under the nl crown until the late 19th century ) . 
  of course , the split goes way back , to the unions of atrecht and utrecht . 
  the papist southerners stuck with spain ( like canada and the uk ) , and we 've made stupid jokes about them ever since . 
  belgium also suffered from poor leadership , and managed to produce the worst person in history in less than a century ( leopold ii ) . 
  the death toll in his kongo-vrijstaat has been estimated at 12 ( out of 20 ! ), 
  million . 
  the belgians also fueled the hutu/tutsi conflict after it gained rwanda from germany during ww1 . 
  of course , they got their own during the world wars .
