  there are also lusiatian sorbs , who are generally seen as our cousines here , but few people actually know something about their culture . 
  bavaria is n't that much closer to us than the rest of the bordering german areas , but despite that , bavarian villages , the landscape , the beer culture seems more like ours . 
  saxony has a little bit more different vibe i 'd say . 
  austria hands down . 
  bavaria is also quite close . 
  as a czech , props to the op for using the term eastern bloc , not europe :p, 
  none of my great-grandparents fought there . 
  the czechs coudl n't be constricpted for wehrmacht , the czechoslovak army was dissolved and the small army of the protectorate was not viewed as loyal by the germans and thus did not participate in any fights ( even the czech police was disarmed actually ) . 
  unless you intentionally wanted to prove your german nationality , you had ( luckily ) no chance of getting into the army . 
  then there were of course those who managed to emigrate and fought on the allied side , but none of my relatives were among those . 
  i only know that one of my great-grandfathers was quite close to joining the international brigades in spain , which was actually pretty common in czechoslovakia among young people . 
  the only relative who fought during wwii was my [ great-grand uncle ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/erwin_zajicek ) , who happened to be austrian german from mother 's side , chose to embrace this nationality when czechoslovakia was formed , became a pro-german but anti-nazi politican and later became a minister several times . 
  for his anti-nazi views and loyalty to czechoslovakia , he was conscripted as a regular soldier for wehrmacht , despite his former position . 
  ironically , when he returned after the war , he was not considered loyal enough to czechoslovakia and ended up deported to austria , where he became kind of a community representative for moravian germans . 
  i never had the chance to meet him of course , but he sure seems like an interesting guy . 
  i actually do n't think it can be that simple . 
  you walk around those monuments every day , you learn about them more then other nationals , maybe you or your family member has some actual tie to them thanks to their work . 
  there are many people who maintain them as workers or as preservationists , study them , promote them in some agency like czechtourism or unesco . 
  or you can simply use them for some personal stuff like going to masses , growing up near them and having some child memories , having a marriage there . 
  i believe the locals , despite being much younger than the sites themselves , still have tons of ways of developing a personal tie to those structures , which seperates them from tourists . 
  yes , this is not limited to your nationality , everyone can come over and develop their own tie , but the locals stil have more predispozitions . 
  it 's not very common even for rich people to aim for a sports car here . 
  they are n't of much use since there are hills , villages and serpentines everywhere , which also means corresponding speed limits . 
  you can encounter a porsche occasionaly , but that 's about it . 
  i 've seen about three mustangs in prague , but i doubt they were czech . 
  i would n't even recongise the others you mentioned . 
  we europeans are not very grandiose about cars , we prefer mostly those that are efficient and practical . 
  if we have a lot of money , we just go for more luxurous or prestigious brands . 
  i did some googling and it originated as a modification of german `` these are bohemian villages to me '' mentioned by u/irony238 , mostly promoted by goethe . 
  he used to spend a lot of time in bohemia and the german idiom was n't quite viable here , so he opted for spain , which was associated with different manners , alien to central europeans . 
  the original saying with `` bohemian village '' originated either because czech local names sounded weird to germans , or because so many czech villages disappeared during the thirty years war that they became viewed basically as nonexistent . 
  bohemia lost around third of its population during said war . 
  nothing i can think of , but we often call slovaks hungarians and slovakia upper hungary if we want to trigger them :p, 
  * * it 's a spanish village to me * -- i have zero understanding of that matter * * to drink like a dane * -- to drink heavily * * an italian household * -- a family that often argues in a laudly manner * * to run like a swiss watch * -- to work perfectly * * russian winter/siberia * -- harsh winter weather * * english gentleman * * * french charm * * * german precision * * * to act like a tartar * -- to be rude and uncultured, 
  living in prague , ca n't really complain about the quality . 
  the city is quite unfriendly to cars though , but people who live in the vicinity use them extensively anyway , so some crucial spots can become jammed during rush hours . 
  i used to read quite a lot during high school , but now that i 'm at the university , reading has sadly become too associated with work for me . 
  i read more than i used to , but it 's no longer novels , only some scientific books and papers . 
  the last time i actually took the time to read something longer outside of school was sadly in 2016 , when i managed to go through all 8 witcher books in about two weeks . 
  could use some more , hope that sapkowski has something in store for us . 
  here in czechia there is a strong phenomenon ( that originated during communism ) of people from prague and larger cities having a second holiday house or a cottage in the rural areas where they spend most of their weekends and holidays . 
  many of those people try to imitate the ideal image of an romantic rural life , trying to act like an authentic 19th-20th century village resident would . 
  some locals may feel that they want to usurp their own traditional domain , viewing them as arrogant and snobbish yet ignorant to the true nature of a life in a village . 
  for example , prague people may want to preserve traditional windows on their houses , while the locals use more practical and economical `` eurowindows '' . 
  the former then criticise the locals that they are damaging the image of the traditional pictoreque village , while the latter view them as idiots who have too much money for their own good and are even so insolent to judge them , the `` natives '' , who obviously know better how to fare in the rural conditions . 
  * moravia - hearty people who drink a lot of wine and slivovice * silesia - hardy people who drink a lot of everything * prague - hardly people who drink blood of the rural people * bohemia - generic people who drink a lot of beer, 
  you can read simple stuff and rougly understand what it means , but that 's about it . 
  there are too many false friends between czech/slovak and south slavic languages , the best example being the word `` otrok '' , which means `` a child '' in slovenian , but `` a slave '' in czech/slovak . 
  worth noting how the first eight are children cartoons . 
  the artists like trnka , smetana and miler who produced those series for evening show [ ve\u010dern\u00ed\u010dek ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ve%c4%8dern%c3%ad%c4%8dek ) deserve a lot of respect . 
  if anything of our tv production is world class , it 's certainly those cartoons . 
  why would you classify stuff like freedom of movement as a far left policy ? 
  freedoms in general can not be classified as leftist/right wing in the european context , you are confusing it with the american view on liberalism , which associates it with the left . 
  nba is also covered by large media ( to a much lesser extent than nhl though ) and there are quite a lot of people who follow it . 
  basketball is quite popular as a sport for kids , which means many of them grow up to become enthusiasts . 
  depends in which context . 
  czechia is indeed one of the best places to live , even for western standards ( extremely safe , socially and economically stable , has decent infrastructures , free and liberal in most ways ) , but there are many areas where we are still severely lacking . 
  salaries do n't reflect economic growth , teachers and healthcare workers are underpaid , we do n't invest enough in science and innovation ... 
  it 's never been too popular in czechia . 
  the original dialect in moravian wallachia ( the historical region bordering slovakia ) is somewhat close to slovak , but slovak still sounds much `` softer '' the czech . 
  i do n't know how recongnisable is the difference from non-native speaker , but generally , we can tell a slovak is speaking even if he uses exclusively shared vocabulary , their accent is really noticeable . 
  probably [ \u010cesk\u00e1 soda ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/czech_soda ) . 
  i 'm afraid we will never see this kind of black humour and nazi jokes in a public tv . 
  we can tell taht someone is from silesia or moravia . 
  the former speak a bit more rapidly and cut words short ( instead of prolonging the sound of every accented vowel ) , while the latter simply use more formal czech ( they feel that bohemians , especially those in prague , vandalize the language by being too lax in pronunciation ) . 
  there are also some differences in vocabulary , but that is more apparent only in case of older rural population . 
  they are probably considering also rivera 's regime , but the date would be wrong then . 
  franco created his own government during the war though , which might have been recognised even before 1939 by some countris . 
  the majority of european countries fell to more or less authoritarian discatorships ( not just fascist , but also clerofascist or simply autocratic ) as you can see on [ this map ] ( http://www.csun.edu/~sr6161/world/unit%207/european%20dictatorships%20by%201938%20map.pdf ) for example . 
  the transitions towards dictatorships usually followed a similar pattern . 
  most of the new inexperienced democracies that emerged after the war , often lacking not only a democratic tradition , but also a tradition of statehood , especially those in the south and the east , followed the french republican model that used multi-party system ( france was simply adored in many countries back in that day for various reasons , but also the two-party systems of the uk and the us were viewed as less democratic ) . 
  there were usually very low or non-existent minimal thresholds to enter the parliament , which led to a very fragmented political landscape in those emerging countries . 
  combined with the immaturity of democracy there , this led to extremely unstable governments , which were replaced up to several times a year . 
  consequently , every country sooner or later saw an emergence of some `` savior '' who would restore order and promote traditional conservative values that would stabilize the society . 
  czechoslovakia and france had similar issues ( both saw around twenty different governments between the two wars ) , but they were considerably richer and had more developed political culture than the countries that ultimately fell into disctatorships , and thus had an established middle class which felt attached to the democratic system and saw it as a part of their national identity . 
  this ensured a stronger position of democratic parties and made coups less likely . 
  if you want a more profound answer , head to r/askhistorians , 
  it 's the second largest city , a major economic hub that gradually replaced olomouc as moravian capital as it managed to outgrow olomouc mostly because of its proximity to wien and thus better economical position . 
  olomouc is more of a symbol of past moravian and consequently also generally czech statehood ( moravia used to be the dominant political entity in the early stages of our history and remained de iure autonomous until 1918 ) . 
  even though brno became the political and economic center , olomouc remains the cultural one , better suiting the representative function of a capital imho . 
  edit : i think it 's very similar to the situation with santiago and a coruna in galicia , 
  i belive it was possible even before the new civil code by getting married and getting parents ' approval . 
  there really are no other relevant options . 
  czechia is historically very centralized , so there are no cities that come even close to prague in terms of importancy , symbolism and ideal geographical position . 
  the only city that comes to my mind is olomouc , which is the historical capital of moravia and thus has all the stuff like the second oldest archbishopric and university . 
  it could serve as a `` de iure '' capital like washingon , canberra or brasilia , but the city is way too small , off-center and economically rather insignificant to start competing with prague even if it became a designated capital . 
  but at least moravians would be satisfied for once . 
  it is allowed . 
  the [ flag of hungarian soviet republic ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/87/flag_of_hungary_%281919%29.svg/1200px-flag_of_hungary_%281919%29.svg.png ) is much nicer than the bavarian one , do n't you agree ? 
  yes , we usually cheer for slovak athletes once ours are eliminated or not competing at the top tier , for example sagan is quite popular here . 
  we do n't care about other neigbouring countries though , there are neither rivalries nor special sympathies . 
  no , we generally like all our negbours but do n't care about them enough to be bothered by their potential flaws . 
  actually [ very common ] ( https://jakubmarian.com/percentage-of-obese-population-by-country-in-europe-map/ ) here in czechia . 
  even though children are usually led to try to do some sport competitively , they usually drop it when they leave high school . 
  our not exactly light cuisine and beer culture kick in right after that . 
  local serious media try to sound neutral , but the general support goes of course to the dutch side . 
  comment sections are now basically competions in who can shit on turkey/erdogan the most . 
  edit : half of the people are actually praising netherlands for being so resolute , while the other part is full of salt claiming that it is all fault of western multiculuralism and how you are all already fucked . 
  funniest comment ( and one of the most upvoted ) i 've seen was about how we should organise a conference in munich where representatives of czechs , slovaks and poles would agree with erdogan that the netherlands must cede parts of their territory with turkish communities to turkey to prevent future conflicts . 
  [ a habsburg ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/karl_von_habsburg ) would be the strongest claimant over bohemian throne , but we used to be an elective monarchy back when we considered ourselves an independent kingdom , so there could be some shenanigens if it was to be restored ( which wo n't happen of course ) .
