  in czech it 's called `` d\u00e1lni\u010dn\u00ed zn\u00e1mka '' , [ it 's a coupon that you buy to be able to drive on highways ] ( http://www.dalnicni-znamky.com/en/ ) , you indeed have to buy one for each country ( they usually offer vignettes for a few days or weeks ) . 
  when you cross a border , you will probably notice some signs that will advertise vignettes , they can be bought at gas stations or some dedicated stands . 
  some countries even sell them online ( i know romania does that for example ) , so you might look into that . 
  every country has its own system though , e. g. italy and france use toll system instead . 
  what ? 
  countries deal with piracy ? 
  i can think only of stojan jakoty\u010d -- sounds like a south slavic name , means basically boner , `` standing as a pole '' . 
  but i 'm fairly sure there are more that are also commonly known , i just ca n't remember them . 
  many people struggle using i/y correctly , another problematic part is writing of commas . 
  there are countless strict rules and even more exceptions in both cases . 
  i went to an eight grade high school in prague . 
  following trips took more than one day : 1 . 
  benelux ( all three countries during one trip ) 2 . 
  scotland 3 . 
  austria ( twice ) 6 . 
  moravia ( twice ) 7 . 
  northern bohemia 8 . 
  southern bohemia ( twice ) most of those were compulsory iirc , but there were also others that were voluntary , i remember that i could have gone to catalonia , paris , vienna , auschwitz/cracovia , some german cities/states and also ireland . 
  then there were those countless one day trips around czechia or neigbouring countries , but those i can not list , they were not that memorable . 
  i really like it here and have zero reasons to move , but should i ever need to , i 'd go for finland hands down . 
  finns have so much in common with us , they have the best language and i hate warm weather . 
  yes , i 've been doing that since i ripped out an outlet in our old house . 
  it 's just a common joke here to call anything east of you `` orient '' or `` far east '' , even chancellor metternich used this joke two centuries ago ( he said that `` asia begins at the landstrasse '' ) . 
  [ moravist\u00e1n ] ( http://necyklopedie.wikia.com/wiki/moravst%c3%a1n ) is somewhat common joke name for moravia used by bohemians . 
  also some make the mistake of using the wrong name `` moravia '' for moravistan . 
  not really, 
  nope , even though maybe i could count my very distant relatives in carpathian ruthenia , back from the time when it was part of czechoslovakia . 
  my great-grandfather was ruthenian who was brought alone to prague as a kid by the red cross for some reason . 
  i should probably investigate the story a bit more , i only know that most of his relatives were later killed by nazis and others died even later in a gulag , quite a sad story . 
  specifically reggaeton seems awful , being a spanish speaker makes it only worse , as you understand all that stupid shit . 
  even in spain , there are a lot of poeple who despise this cheap genre , but it 's still quite prevalent there though , mostly serves as a party music . 
  here in czechia , we only adopt the most catchy songs , and it 's almost never reggaeton , just pop like shakira . 
  [ challenge accepted ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hnh62b2a4gi ), 
  prague outskirts , revitalised commieblock ( * panel\u00e1k * ) , my family also has an old reconstructed house ( * chalupa * ) in a mountain village less than two hours from the city , where my prents stay pretty frequently during weekends and holidays . 
  i guess this can not get more czech . 
  it 's actually a good living . 
  it 's very economical/ecological and easy to maintain , unlike many flats in the old city center . 
  the majority of * panel\u00e1k * s have underwent a process of revitalization here , so they are much like the new houses , even though less aesthetic . 
  there is basically no difference now . 
  during hre/habsburg times , it meant that the north and its germans were oriented more on germany , whereas the south was oriented towards austria and vienna economically and culturally , it somehow mattered as our population was 33 % germans/austrian germans . 
  nowadays , the differences are minimal , maybe the north tends to be more industrial , but that 's also not universally true . 
  yeah , since you perform economically similarily to us , we can not throw you into the balkans , that would look bad also for us :d, 
  yeah , i was thinking about tizzino too , but decided to not overdo it with the overlappings . 
  i was actually considering whether to include lenga d'oc regions partly into the south as well , wine provence is not exactly the same as cidre brittany , but then i decided to not overdo it . 
  as for romania , i 've included transylvania into east-central europe , basically catholicism , protestantism , germans , hungarians , all that stuff that makes it different from the other former principalities that were occupied by the ottomans . 
  oh , we have plenty of those , a high proportion of city czechs have their own cottages or houses in the rural areas , where they do their gardening and building during weekends , it 's our staple hobby . 
  most popular are probably obi and hornbach , but there is also baumax , bauhaus and mountfield . 
  they tend to be built near each other , it 's usually some of those mentioned + ikea and makro in a shopping zone near every city . 
  yeah , that 's a valid point . 
  we throw whole of belelux into the same group as france and the uk because of stuff like colonialism , early industrialization , early global trade , different nation forming ( no `` spring of nations '' like in central europe ) , but the germanic vs. 
  romance division feels also natural . 
  geographically , the low countries also overlap with germany ( frisia ... ) . 
  well , sm\u00edchov is a story for itself , that 's true . 
  i do n't know how this particular district managed to become such a dirty and shady place . 
  \u017di\u017ekov is also a shady place but it 's not dirty and scary like those areas in sm\u00edchov , especially around said railway station . 
  i 'm from the other side of the vltava river , so sm\u00edchov has always felt alien to me , like as if it has n't fit with the rest of the city somehow . 
  but having spent half a year in spain and portugal recently , i still believe that the hobo/beggar problem could get a lot worse . 
  too many hobos ? 
  i do n't get to see them too often , i 've akways thought this issue has been actually smaller here than in other large cities . 
  i have to agree about the touristey bullshit though , i hate to see the center ridden by those kitsch shops you mention , but at least they tend to stick only around the starom\u011bstsk\u00e1 station , other parts of the center seem to luckily remain quite untouched by this phenomenon . 
  it 's quite vast . 
  unlike in vienna , which is often used for comparison when prague city planning is discussed , we have a lot of free space between buildings , there are basically fields and forests inside the city . 
  while this sure has its perks , it also makes travel times longer than needed . 
  our public transport is decent though , which at least partially makes up for it . 
  since the death of tito , the ethnic tensions in jugoslavia were increasing . 
  kosovo was always one of the most problematic regions in this regard . 
  the increased hostility between the minority serbs and majority of albanians , also fueled a bit by the nationalist propaganda imported from albania , led to a large exodus of serbs from kosovo , which created a situation where kosovo was almost purely albanian at the end of the eighties . 
  add all the nationalist shitstorm during the balkan wars , which obviously divided serbs and albanians even more , which later led to the declaration of independence . 
  prague . 
  wait , i 'm already born and raised in prague . 
  what a life !, 
  as a history student , i kinda tend to read history o_o, 
  regarding question no . 
  1 , yes , there is a clearly defined border between the ethnicities , which happens to correspond with the state border . 
  however , there is a large ethnographic region at the border with slovakia called [ slov\u00e1cko ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moravian_slovakia ) , which is culturally somewhat closer to slovakia than the rest of moravia , especially their dialect is a bit similar to slovak . 
  it 's till a moravian cultural sphere though , not slovak . 
  mostly slovaks , who are basically at home here , ukrainians , who are in most cases perfectly integrated , and the vietnamese , who are considered hard working and contributing to the society , even though their older generations are a bit isolated from teh czech society ( the young are also integrated perfectly ) . 
  i 've been there last year and app . 
  six years before that . 
  i was shocked how much the country changed for the better , even despite the economic crisis . 
  i mean , the first time , there often were n't even roads at many places , just begging kids and stray dogs . 
  you should probably build less new churches though , i mean not every village needs a brand new cathedral these days . 
  otherwise a great country to visit , will come back sooner than later , 
  same in czechia, 
  moldova is a country , moldavia is a historical region split between romania and moldova ( small parts are also in ukraine ) . 
  our national tv has an art channel , it 's called \u010ct art ( czech television art ) . 
  novinky.cz , their comment section is a staple that is often referenced in this regard . 
  you 'd probably die somewhere in russia though . 
  or from syphilis . 
  you ca n't feel about separatist if you do n't have any separatists , 
  there is no reason to give up on olomouc , it 's a beautiful student city , ideal for the ops purposes . 
  but yeah , it might be worth including prague into the whole plan . 
  well , it was exactly the `` shady shit behind the stage '' what contributed the most to the peaceful transition from francoism and what prevented the coup in 1981 . 
  as a citizen of a country whose last two presidents are narcisstic and arrogant idiots , i have a deep respect for what juan carlos did for your country . 
  i believe you are too harsh on him by forgetting all he has done just because he went hunting elephants when he became senile . 
  at the same time , you conveniently seem to forget all the republican shit like violent anticlericalism , which had been happening long before the war . 
  i 'd take serious state representatives like juan carlos or felipe over our `` competent new guys '' any day . 
  our former president once stole a ceremonial pen in chile . 
  [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpe4t0lxzce ) . 
  i do n't really want to delve into the history of national embarassments caused by our former president , i 'm just not mentally prepared for that now .
