  i study modern spanish history and i can tell you that it caused a lot of national embarrasment and helped create an atmosphere within the society that later strenghtened franco 's position with his `` make imperio espa\u00f1ol great again '' . 
  the decline of spain , symbolized by the defeat of 1898 , remained a very prevalent topic throughout the 20th century and was often mentioned in works of top spanish thinkers like ortega . 
  even now when i discussed spanish politics with a student from andalusia , he mentioned 1898 as the first reason why many spaniards have low national self-esteem . 
  it would a political suicide . 
  some time ago there was an effort to introduce premium care in hospitals , but that caused quite an uproar , as people ( quite rightfully i 'd say ) complained that best medical approach should not be something depending on your wealth . 
  i 'd say i 've seen quite a lot from our country , but then again , that 's not much of an achievement given its size . 
  it is just the one that is most widely known ( yet that does n't prevent some cunts from trying to log there ) , but there are other old-growth forest in europe . 
  for example according to our [ wiki ] ( https://cs.wikipedia.org/wiki/prales#pralesy_v_.c4.8cesku ) , there are several small ones in czechia , some of which are n't even accessible to public . 
  one third of our country is covered by forests , out of which rougly only 0,03 % are old-growth ones . 
  yeah , they exist and poeple go there , but i 'd say they lack the finesse of let 's say austrian , italian or french caf\u00e9s . 
  our coffee culture seems limited to `` i need something to keep me awake '' , that 's why `` turek '' is still so prominent here . 
  in caf\u00e9s , coffees are often not served properly with stuff like water and we mostly care more about quantity than quality ( but that 's my personal view of course ) . 
  and speaking about the social aspect , pubs and restaurants are the primary places to go here by a large margin . 
  the term was used in the past to ridicule those who stood by v\u00e1clav havel 's ideals , which are considered naive by many pragmatic politicians . 
  when our current president milo\u0161 zeman took the office , a lot of people who voted for `` havlist '' candidate karel schwarzenberg did n't exactly accept their loss and continued to scorn zeman whenever he allowed them the opportunity , which he did quite often . 
  basically the same situation that occured in the us after trump was elected . 
  in response , he and his spokesman ( a really nasty and zealous man , something like mouth of sauron ) started to reuse this term to make zeman appear closer to his actual voters , who are usually from outside prague and other larger cities , as well as simply spit in the face of his critics . 
  this , however , led to an even more widescale division in the society , where part of the society is called `` kav\u00e1rna , pravodl\u00e1ska\u0159i , slun\u00ed\u010dk\u00e1\u0159i '' ( caf\u00e9 , truthlovers , sunnies ) , and zeman 's supporters are being under constant fire from our `` elites '' . 
  some arguments against the `` caf\u00e9 '' are valid i 'd say , as they often seem like arrogant moralizers who are too distant from everyday problems of ordinary citizens , but then again , zeman does exactly nothing to ease the tension , he viewes it as an opportunity to strenghten his position . 
  the term `` prague caf\u00e9 '' is very metaphorical though , as even in prague there are few people who actually go to caf\u00e9s to discuss politics or art . 
  not that there are n't caf\u00e9s , they exist , but pubs and `` hospody '' ( something between a pub and a restaurant ) are the place where people socialize in the first place , in prague and the rest of the country alike . 
  edit : typo, 
  about 18 euro 100/10 mb/s optical , only very rarely drops below advertised value . 
  there is basically none . 
  it swiftly died out during communism . 
  our dear mr. president now uses the term `` prague caf\u00e9 society '' as a pejorative term though , so you could say we have an caf\u00e9 anti-culture . 
  my high school , history basically ended with the dissolution of the soviet union , but many teachers here in czechia fail to get even past interwar period -- i was actually quite lucky that we got so far . 
  at my university , where i happen to study history , current events and stuff that happend after 11/9 are normally included to a large extent , but nineties are a bit neglected . 
  they will say mean things to you on the internet :(, 
  teenagers here drink something that is called cider quite often , but it has nothing to do with actual cider/cidre/sidra that is popular in britain/northern france/northern spain , it 's just a super sweet beverage for those who want to drink something soft but do n't fancy beer or wine for some reason . 
  it 's not exactly unpopular , world championships are often on the national sport tv , there is actually a dedicated rugby field 500m from my house , but it is not a mainstream sport and we can not compete even on the european level . 
  more popular than handegg though . 
  in long term , we tend to be among the best in ice hockey and floorball , we do well in various branches of cycling ( mtb , fourcross , road , cyclocross ) , we usually have at least one player in top 10 in tennis ( both atp and wta ) , and we continually do very well in canoeing and rowing . 
  regarding athletics , we have a strong tradition in javelin and decathlon . 
  thanks to a strong generation , we can compete with the dutch in women 's ice skating , but currently we do also very well in women 's biathlon and snowboarding . 
  oh , and we used to kick ass in fucking [ cycle ball ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cycle_ball ) . 
  [ king porridge ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rudolf_i_of_bohemia ) long story short , he ate a lot of porridge . 
  [ this is one would be quite representative i 'd say ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_b0cyoao8y0 ), 
  without czech you can survive in prague and probably also brno , but do n't expect a lot of enthusiasm from the locals . 
  czech is quite difficult to learn though . 
  probably simply gulaschsuppe in austria . 
  no matter how we do it , they always do it better , 
  yeah , the connection , albeit weak , probably exists , but that particular trend was a result of something rather emotional in a particular time period . 
  to illustrate the actual disconnection , i live right next to one of the largest remnants of an celtic oppidum here in czechia ( edge of prague ) and there are very few people who actually know or care about it now . 
  only very recently they have added at least some info boards to the site and mayyybe there will be some excavations in the future . 
  yes , i believe there were even some historians who promoted the theory , there are for sure some czechs who bear some celtic dna , but the thing is that other than the name bohemia , there is not much left from this culture at all , not even many archeological sites . 
  after the boii there were also the germanic markomani and those seem to have actually moved on further to the west years before the czechs and moravians arrived , so the temporal gap between the boii and our slavic ancestors is enormous . 
  current czech culture is a mix central european slavic , german and a bit of jewish legacy i 'd say , we even have almost zero celtic loanwords unlike some other european languages . 
  the thing in the nineties was about building village-like open-air museums , some role-play events etc. , but it died off quite quickly and now we are again more focusing on ancient slavic elements . 
  now that you mention it , it is quite funny that icelandic is germanic language that probably takes most from a celtic language , as a lot of irish were taken as * thralls * by the vikings to serve on iceland . 
  how does the celtic element manifest itself now in wales ? 
  from the isles i 've been only to scotland , where i have n't felt the it too much ( everything was more focused on modern scottish , not some old pictish traditions ) . 
  in brittany i 've felt it more through the various historical sites , but the society still seemed very french to me ( the continuous hardline french centralization is probably the reason , the prosecution that the bretons faced after the french revolution was quite severe ) . 
  i 've been to galicia , which tries to promote itself also as a heir to the celtic culture , but that is quite a joke , it 's present only in some modern symbolism . 
  here in czechia we also used to have a fad in the nineties that we are actually heirs to the boii tribe , it was probably a desperate effort of some people to distinguish us from the slavs and germans who tried to dominate us in the 20th century , but that was a rather ridiculous dead end of course . 
  of course , but i was trying to point out that various forms of english throughout history adopted a lot from other language families , especially romance ( french , latin ) and celtic . 
  more than the mainland germanic languages for sure . 
  scotland is germanic only in terms of dominant language ( even though scottish gaelic still lives on ) . 
  wales is a similar case , but there was a lot of immigration from england in the times of industrial revolution , as more workforce was needed to run the coal mines and related industries . 
  the proximity of wales to england probably also makes the population more related to that of england , but the country still keeps some of its celtic identity . 
  northern ireland is known for a lot of english immigration dating back to the medieval times , so you could say it is closer to being actually germanic than for example scotland . 
  ireland proper would be the same case as scotland -- linguistically dominantly germanic but celtic in terms of identity and ethnicity . 
  it is also worth noting that the whole of the british isles experienced a lot of germanic immigration during the middle ages -- angles , saxons , jutes , normans and vikings ( and later a certain ruling dynasty ) , but the cetlic populations in britain and ireland were not replaced , they just added to the mix that forms the societies that we see today . 
  no nation in the isles is now ethnically purely germanic or celtic and so is n't english a purely germanic language . 
  before the fall of communism there was zero to none legislature to protect the environment except for some basic stuff for national parks , so the quality of air was of course terrible even for a country focused on heavy industry . 
  as a result , in some regions and cities , the demonstrations that led to the velvet revolution started as movements for better environmental protection . 
  it was genuinely important , but it was also safer to protest for cleaner air than to directly criticise the political nature of the regime . 
  another interesting thing about environmentalism in czechia is that our greens used to be right-wing oriented until their debacle in the 2010 parliamentary elections when they failed to obtain the necessary 5 % of votes after being part of a government , which led to a change in leadership and a gradual switch to left-wing programme . 
  yes , especially the teenagers were mentioned during the legislation , but the situation used to be quite ridiculous for anyone who did n't really want to drink just beer . 
  since it is very safe to order alcohol anywhere in czechia even if you are underage , there used to be zero reasons for anyone to choose 0,33 l of bottled water over 0,5 l draft beer for the same price . 
  the prices of non-alcoholic beverages like juices and sodas are still very high in general when compared to those of beer , but at least you can now order some mineral water for a reasonable price . 
  another problem was that people here also did n't use to know that you can just ask for free tap water if you desire so , which is something that was also promoted during the campaign . 
  things now got better , waiters are now less surprised and rude if they are asked for it and you can get some widely popular beverages like [ kofola ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kofola ) for a price comparable to that of beer , while the prices of czech beer have not increased drastically i 'd say . 
  polish people often say that we sound like toddlers to them while to us they sound like disabled drunkards trying to speak , 
  all restaurants and pubs are obliged to offer at least one beverage ( at least some water ) cheaper than beer . 
  yes , this law is more than necessary here . 
  the idea of a single czechoslovak * nationality * was artificial and was abandoned in the thirties when it was no longer needed as czechoslovakia was already established as a state with a dominant slavic element . 
  any territorial state is artificial to a certain degree , and so was czechoslovakia . 
  but then again , there are no perfect single-nation states in europe , it 's politics what mostly dictates the borders , so there is nothing special about it . 
  what people often do n't realise is that czechs and slovaks shared a state or at least a ruler for a great part of their history , beginning with great moravia . 
  there were many cultural phenomenons that were imported from bohemia to upper hungary throughout history , culminating in the 19th century . 
  the events of the 20th only deepened the similarities and suppressed a lot of hungarian legacy by importing the cisleithanian/german style of administration to slovakia and the joint experience of communist rule within the same state also creates a bond between the nations , so the idea of reunification is not entirely out of place and would be justifiable also based on those arguments . 
  but then again , few people wish that or even care for that , so there is no point in speculations , 
  it was a political decision . 
  after the constitutional reform in 1968 which established a federation , the separationist sentiments in slovakia were lower that ever . 
  if there was a referendum in the nineties , the split would probably not have happened . 
  but it is hard to tell if the federation would last until today . 
  it is believed that the split , which eliminated most tensions between the nations , made it possible that we view each other in even better light than before . 
  if the federation survived the transition , other issues might have appeared during the harsh transformation or during the economic crisis , and that could easily swing the general opinion towards separation . 
  economy was at the root of most of our disagreements during both periods of czechoslovakia 's existence , not just pure nationalist sentiments . 
  edit : reunification is something that is currently not discussed even theoretically , both countries seem to enjoy playing on their own playground . 
  slovakia seems to do very well on its own and there is no `` imperialist '' sentiment in czechia . 
  regions like slovakia , carpathian ruthenia , or even whole of silesia are not part of our national identity or myth , so the general populace does n't miss them like serbia misses kosovo or montenegro , which are deeply tied to its national history . 
  i 've made the second trip quite recently , from prague to romania ( including buchurest ) via car . 
  i can recommend that one of course , but just skip bucharest unless you really want to visit a post-communist reality in its prime . 
  it 's not really that seeing it would n't be an interesting experince despite the little aesthetic value and few interesting things to do , it 's still quite exciting to see the terrifying architecture of the cheaucescu era , but the problem is that there is not much to see in a large area around the city and buchurest is just not worth the trip alone in my eyes . 
  i suggest that you focus on transylvania and then often neglected moldavia ( not moldova ) and the danube delta . 
  those regions are stuffed with unesco sites of both types . 
  the architecture , the nature and the people with their regional attitudes are worth seeing , all of the three regions have different cultural backgrounds and it 's like visiting three different countries . 
  i also greatly enjoyed visiting montenegro and albania , but i feel that it 's best to visit this region during springtime .
