  religion permeates everything in the islamic society . 
  its their flag and a form of natiolanism . 
  would it be any difference if they were killing in the name of a country or association of countries , or on the name of any social ideology like comunism or fascism ? 
  religion controls everything for them and thus everything is made in the name of religion , but their rulers , as rulers everywhere have very down to earth objectives . 
  asian immigrants dont even try to integrate wherever they go and they dont go around blowing themselves . 
  there are open war fronts ( of real war ) against islamic countries and a lot of geopolitical and economical stuff going on ( espheres of influences , the control for resources , greedy politicians ) those are the causes of terrorism not lack of culture assimilation . 
  i believe fanatics and radicals are only a tool in all this mess . 
  islam used terrorist attacks since the middle age . 
  once they got expelled from spain the ottomans used armies of pirates to raid the coasts as a way to take revenge . 
  they did it for profit mosty , but all was under orders of sultans and the flag of islam . 
  i think islamic groups are using sect brain washing tactics to lure marginal people without nothing to lose and resentful with society . 
  the higher ups probably dont give two shits about these new recruits but they are useful since they have freedom of movement inside and out of europe and they are expendable in case they are caught ( or being convinced to blow themselves ) i guess thats what we got as a reward for allowing marginal ghettos to exist on modern nations . 
  irak , that paradise after you went there . 
  or afganistan , lovely place for a quiet weekend on the mountains . 
  libya is lovely in the summer too , aint it ? 
  well , i cant really say . 
  i just heard the controls at the airport were more strict than in other places . 
  guess not , after all . 
  of course we should check people , but lets not start thinking that every poor refugee from syria who is trying to escape a warzone is a terrorist . 
  i can even bet that whoever did this attack on brussels has been stablished on europe since years ago . 
  isis sending terrorists among the migrants is a possibility , yes . 
  but the sad fact is that terrorists attacks on france and years ago on spain were done by people who who had all their documents in order and in most cases were even born in europe . 
  blaming people who are trying to run precisely from the madness of isis because their country is at war is not going to help the issue . 
  sure , just dont mind the fact that the latest france terrorist attack was done by some natural born french citizens . 
  just blame immigrants if that helps you sleep better at night . 
  and brussels security was among the strongest in europe , scary thought that . 
  europe should seriously reconsider its policies with islamic countries so the civil population stops paying the price . 
  i think i 'll pass on that one , if you dont mind . 
  is that even a thing ? 
  as a galician i 'll tell you that , from my point of view , the language is already dying . 
  i speak it all days and love it but i think that in 50 years only old people would know about it . 
  most parents only teach spanish to their kids , there is barely interesting media in the language for the young and in some of the big cities you are still looked like a weirdo if you talk it in public . 
  anyone who does business in spain knows basic english ( or has employees who do ) and its not like there is a booming economy over here to consider it a wise work choice . 
  chinese . 
  when you see businessmen sending their seven year old kids to chinese class you know thats where the money is going to be . 
  well , i dont know how people behave on every region of spain but its the usual thing in the northern regions . 
  you get the odd rude costumer and i counter being extra polite so they feel like the little pricks they are . 
  madrid people , just like parisians , are famous for their arrogance . 
  i own a store and can tell you that its rare that someone doesnt greet you or says thank you after the transaction . 
  its also normal in spain for educated people , dont let those assholes without education let you think otherwise . 
  i always thought that extremely clean big cities are a syntom of social oc disorder . 
  millions of people being polite , civic and considerate is never a good sign , they are probably plotting a war or mass genocide . 
  you could always sell opium as the new cannabis . 
  retro is so fashionable !, 
  in north spain cities smell like chems mixed with rancid water and villages smell like there is cow shit in the air ( which in some cases is the truth , dont ask ) beyond the filthy grasp of mankind ( drive your car in any direction for half an hour ) it smells of clean air and wet grass . 
  you are right , we could let the germans built some of their renowned camps and let the refugees rot in there but that would be unethical . 
  so for some millions europe is letting turkey be the unethical one since they seem to care a lot less for human rights anyway . 
  and turkey is really going to do it ? 
  or would it keep asking for more money every year ? 
  the daylight saving times are a complete disaster on the northwest regions of the country . 
  we expend most of the winter in the dark after 7pm and there are lots of wasted light hours on the summer . 
  not to mention that it mess my sleeping habits . 
  the fuck , marx was an economist and even liberal authors recognice his analytical value ( even when dont agree with his conclusions ) the mein kampf was only propaganda . 
  well , you wouldnt like to know how many retards still prefer life under franco over here . 
  at that point you needed a monster to fight another monster . 
  all in all it could have ended worse . 
  saints in galicia are in most cases made up names from the church to christianize pagan spirits and folklore , thats why there are so many . 
  the situation was the same as libya , the civil war was induced by economical interests of the us , europe , turkey and russia . 
  most of the refugees asking for asylum are from syria though . 
  the refugee crisis has an easy solution : stop creating wars in the middle east . 
  it seems a sensible topic for him , better dont bring it out . 
  in the 90s i think there was in the people a ting of pride of being european . 
  nationalism in spain is often associated to extreme far right individuals ( or old school fascists ) , being anything else was a breath of fresh air . 
  but in restrospect i think that was just marketing so the economical transition could go smoothly . 
  i still see many differences between our countries , and too much bad blood to talk about a true european nation . 
  but maybe thats not such a bad thing because rarely good things come out of too much nationalism and patriotic fervor . 
  maybe the issue is about british beer not qualifying as a drink :p, 
  also if the russian war industry were to be reignited they could flatten europe in a matter of years . 
  only the us would be able to keep them in check . 
  have the french won a war in the last centuries ? 
  i doubt any army on europe rivals russia 's . 
  and that percentage is total bullshit . 
  no way 1 out of 5 people talk english here . 
  reading and writing , yeah sure , but talking ? 
  simply no way . 
  so someone paid these north africans to tarnish the syrian refugees ' reputation and force germany to close its borders ? 
  i think the germans plan to add them to their working force ( teaching them the language and giving formation cycles ) its a long term thing . 
  also i read that germany was hand picking the refugees that were entering the country and they were choosing the ones with working experience and studies . 
  edit : its a good plan for them if it works , they would get almost slave like forces that would only work for minimum wages , they would owe the estate for everything and cant move outside ( neither come back to syria or move to another country in europe because no one wants them ), 
  cheap manpower maybe ? 
  economical interest over the war at sirya ? 
  what you define is exactly what i read it happened . 
  a thousand men took over a huge area , splitted in organized groups and started the assaults . 
  it was something organized , not 100 drunken guys that decided to start raping women . 
  and the swiss banks with all his gold wouldnt be very happy . 
  on new years eve police everywhere was alert in case of terrorist attack . 
  they saw hundreds of inmigrants banding together and didnt react ? 
  i find it hard to believe . 
  it gives more value to the independence movement . 
  it was certainly losing credibility with artur mas refusing to step away . 
  i assure you police forces on europe know how to be brutal . 
  not trigger happy like in the us , but they dont hesitate to crack skulls when ordered to . 
  surprisingly they didnt do a thing this time . 
  if i were a war refugee i wouldnt dream of commiting a crime or even making a fuss on a country that accepted me ( and when most of the population dont even want me there in the first place ) this seems staggered to give syrian refugees a bad name . 
  also i thought germany police force was well organized , they surely have riot control units , dont they ? 
  nah , being a tax haven is switzerland best defense . 
  every other european country wants for it to remain as it is . 
  erdogan certainly bite more that he can swallow . 
  man you sound sore . 
  i have never found anyone here who would talk bad about portugal ( or talk much about portugal at all ) we are all owned by the banks now , so dont fret over what happened centuries ago .
