  oh , some people know that you are much more than that . 
  i guess the answer should be : a ) in the past : we werent able to b ) today : we have enough problems on our own to even consider it . 
  i 'm not an expert to judge , but many conflicts and genocides are due to the artificial borders and nations that were impossed after the colonial era . 
  i wouldnt say `` better '' in the `` more advanced culture '' sense but at least they would live more peacefully . 
  europe is responsible for the giant mess that africa turned into after the colonial wars . 
  not for their underdevelopment , though . 
  the marshall plan wasnt a charity project , it was a way to stop paupered western countries to fall into the ussr area of influence after ww2 . 
  well , we are in nato after all, 
  you laugh at erdogan but dictators lurk nearer than you think . 
  too late , its already happening . 
  it was unexpected since the media over here was clearly against trump who was literally insulted by the press at every chance they got ( and trump gave them a lot of chances ) i dont think that trump being president would alter much the international politics of usa , i believe the presidency is nothing more than an elaborated diplomacy bureau without real power , which lies in the economical lobbies . 
  if anything its worrisome that the world as a whole is turning to dangerous extreme right arguments , but we have the same issue here on europe so we are in no place to complain about trump . 
  i never heard a joke about portugal , plenty of france though . 
  pp + ciudadanos + whatever remains from the psoe carcase would always have more votes than podemos + iu + independentist parties, 
  no , it wouldnt be a bad thing . 
  that was an excuse . 
  a compromised left coalition would have started talks about turning spain into a federal state . 
  but that wasnt the issue , the main issue was that the banks , the ibex and europe didnt wanted to see repeated the scenario of greece with syriza and a pact with podemos was forbidden in all accounts . 
  also psoe and pp are corrupt to the core and they shiver at the thought that a third party could reach the power and uncover all their crimes and renew the judiciary system . 
  so far is cheaper to pay a low wage worker than to maintain a dedicated robot for menial jobs . 
  in the future when robots can do self-maintenace and are cheap things would change but that could take another hundred years . 
  and give `` carte blanche '' to a bunch of conservative liberals as they first intended ? 
  that would have been their doom, 
  problem is that a coalition was never possible . 
  psoe is a right wing party ( even if they say otherwise ) and a coalition with left forces was quickly ruled out and if they had formed a pact with pp they couldnt present themselves as an alternative to them in the next elections . 
  psoe was between the sword and the wall and it has chosen the sword , they have no credibility anymore in front of their voters . 
  bipartidism in spain is over with the the major opposittion party allowing the other major party to form government . 
  those funds were used in many things ( some good like infrastruture improvement and some useless or borderline fraudulent ) but rarely on improving the industry or work opportunities in the poorer countries since that would collide with the richer countries interests . 
  even if you are lucky to have a job the pay is usually too low to afford a rent ( outside of sharing a flat with another 4 guys , which means living as an student for the rest of your life ), 
  its obvious that for a political animal like boris there would be a huge gap between what he thinks and what he does for personal gain . 
  he played bad his cards , thats all . 
  our health system would be even better if the crooked politicians werent trying to undermine it . 
  truly amazing professionals in our country , one of the few things i 'm proud of . 
  why not ? 
  serious question here . 
  if the uk allows the referendum and allows scotland to leave i dont see the problem . 
  in spain neither of those things are being allowed by the central government which is why things are going apeshit with both sides provoking each other in a childish manner . 
  fair ? 
  could be , but capitalism is anything but fair . 
  and i dont believe that the conservative politicians that are asking to keep tabs on which companies employ more foreigns are thinking in improving the laboral conditions of the workers . 
  unwilling to do them under the poor conditions of the inmigrant workers . 
  i remember an episode where he served a gooey porridge made of fish and herbs in a small coastal restaurant in italy . 
  the costumers spat the food to the floor and the owner had to hurriedly make some fried fish to save face . 
  jamie went back to the kitchen to cry and stopped the cameras from following . 
  who takes jamie oliver seriously in the first place ? 
  adding chorizo to the paella must have been the least offensive thing he has cooked in a while . 
  we tuned down the scale and simply make fun of silly and dated stereotypes now . 
  its a fine european tradition . 
  its healthier than building a lot of regional tension up and start talking about reichs . 
  from my experience latin americans come in two kinds , extremely polite or extremely unpolite . 
  just be the first kind and you wont have any problems . 
  sort of , but if i drink the double after lunch it has a minor effect than on an empty stomach . 
  tell me about it . 
  four espressos may be too much , i went down to a single one in the morning and a double in the afternoon because three was already pushing it . 
  the best kind !, 
  i have no problem with the idea of politicians beating themselves to death but this is ridiculous . 
  the core voters of the psoe are the ones on the few remaining autonomies of theirs . 
  those of course would keep voting psoe until the party splits . 
  no , i dont think so . 
  psoe leaders were always expert at talking from a moderate left point of view but their economical policies are always as right wing as pp . 
  sanchez was not an exception . 
  uh , that has been happening since long ago . 
  it was a bipartidism system until just a few years . 
  yeah , when they were a bunch of nobodies while the dictatorship . 
  then came gonzalez with money from the us and germany to built a suitable liberal government after the transition, 
  sanchez was never left wing in the first place . 
  everyone with a working brain knew since decades ago that psoe is not a left party . 
  it seems only now the psoe is facing the truth . 
  how about no , boris ? 
  true , meat tastes better if you let it rest a few days . 
  okay , okay ... no more bad jokes . 
  most people are still catholic because its a very lax religion . 
  very few people follow its doctrine but they just keep rolling with it since its customary . 
  if confronted many would admit not to believe in the bible or the church but in some vague `` something '' that `` has to exist somewhere , somehow , i dont know man , stop shaking my feeble beliefs '', 
  thats why laws exist . 
  `` granny is a burden because she cant go to the toilet by herself '' would hardly appear in a legal death regulation . 
  and the results of that extermination show , where exactly ? 
  he didnt wanted other regions of spain to use any other language than spanish and tried to unifiy the country under the language flag and some outdated cultural traditions of the southern regions but there was no genocide ( not more than the left wingers persecution that was common in the rest of the country ), 
  yet we have a minister saying today that breaking spain 's unity is worse than a terrorist attack . 
  a centralism view of spain is used by the main parties as a political tool . 
  right parties are being strenghtened by holding firm position against catalonia independence ( hence the rise of ciudadanos and the pp still being the most voted party besides the corruption ) and that way they keep retrofeeding the independentists . 
  most persons dont enjoy seeing an animal being treated badly but that doesnt stop them from eating its meat . 
  you may call it an hipocrisy but what we we like is eating an steak . 
  if to get the steak a cow we have never seen had to be breeded and unpleasently killed outside of our view range ... well , thats a necessary evil that we are ready to assume . 
  bullfighting on the other hand would mean that before dinner we go to a farm and handpick a live cow and ask for the butcher to bleed it to death in agony while we cheer at it just to enjoy more the taste later . 
  if you dont see a difference in behaviour here dont know what more to tell you . 
  uh , what ? 
  are we talking about the same country , the one ruled by pp who is made by the offsprings of franco 's regime ? 
  you miss my point . 
  i dont really care about what happens to the animals ( since as you say i eat meat and i know the animals dont always get a pleasant death at the slaughterhouse ) what i care is about the setmind of the people who enjoy a murder show . 
  people dont go to the slaughterhouse and cheer everytime a pig is killed for sausages . 
  its not so much about the animal pain but about it being a primitive and brutal show . 
  i may eat meat but i dont take pleasure in an animal dying so i can make a sandwich . 
  we have plenty of deluded nationalists at the capital too . 
  its a shitshow really . 
  if you take the humour out of a dark joke it turns just into a cheap insult . 
  and this isnt very funny . 
  apparently so . 
  funny thing is that they get edgy if you remind them about wwii . 
  can ligthining spread so much area on the ground ?
