  but surely the conservatives knew the consequences of the brexit beforehand ( and i simply find hard to believe the theory that they never expected the leave to win ) surely someone , somewhere in the uk seeked some economical or political profit out of all this , but what exactly ? 
  politics on spain are much simpler , they are all a bunch of incompetent thieves , but luckily too lazy to orchestrate something as big and apparently pointless as this . 
  there is a joke to be made here , i just find it too sad to laugh about it . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  but there is one big piece of the puzzle that i cant happen to find . 
  why did the conservatives started to push for the leave in the first place ? 
  its obvious they put in charge of agitate the masses a weasel like farage since he pushed the right buttons but at the same time you talk about legitimate reasons to support the leave . 
  even when i dont hold conservatives on any country in high regard i want to believe seasoned statesmen like the ones in uk dont get carried away simply by some xenophobic ideals , that they were in fact pushing leave for other reasons . 
  and my question is , where do they stand at this moment ? 
  why are the major parties of the uk running around like headless chickens when they achieved their goal ? 
  they lied to the public , they urged the racist , ignorant and malicious side of their society to achieve that goal but now no one seems to be happy with the result . 
  the tories have what they worked so hard for years to get , why arent they doing anything with it ? 
  he was influential enough before , only now he has become a simple man and no one should pay him too much attention ? 
  i guess the people on those regions were extremely wealthy before communism , no ? 
  they dont care in what terms the uk leaves the eu , they just care about leaving ? 
  that seems very irresponsible . 
  is that a tricky question ? 
  thats part of the problem . 
  the psoe economical and labor policies are as right wing as the pp but they always used gay and women rights as some kind of smoke wall to hide their real tendencies . 
  thats not to say that gay and women rights are not important ( of course they are ) but there is a big hypocrisy behind all this , specially on a country where the breach between poor and rich is becoming so big and the welfare system is about to colapse . 
  and the pp being the main political force fits in that logic how exactly ? 
  its the sun , so its hard to say . 
  considering negotiating hundred of trade deals could take years ... 
  yes , a lesser economy would be wrecked . 
  it was pretty good yes . 
  maybe you need something more direct . 
  like photoshopping boris johnson 's face on this scene . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yge01sohzz0 activate ludicrous brexit !, 
  yes , but dont they do it from turkey mainly ? 
  but the eu demanding more integration from the uk was what triggered all this mess . 
  or am i reading this wrong ? 
  and the poor countries would fell more the hammer . 
  not much room for popcorns on the next years for us pigs . 
  lets call the monty python back then . 
  that would be something worthy to see . 
  from a security distance of course , at least from another continent . 
  i dont know who is more sore after all this , the british or the europeans . 
  i know , but i prefer to sound less incriminatory and blame the politicians . 
  reality is way uglier , of course . 
  he should know by now that germans dont have a sense of humor . 
  so it wasnt about the money but only about blocking out all those inmigrants ? 
  someone on the uk should shut this guy because is making you look like a bunch of xenophobes . 
  neither do i , neither do i :(, 
  no one panic , the spanish government is too lazy , incompetent and above all coward to dare to move a single finger against the will of the eu council . 
  this is all political bark to keep the image that they are against catalonia 's independence but they would never dare to go against the flow of the rest of the eu countries . 
  good idea , get the aliens drunk first then we can steal their tech . 
  we reigned over half the world too . 
  imperialism is overrrated . 
  anyway , its not true that there is a continental hate for the uk . 
  i always looked up to england , but i must say you are seriously disappointing me recently . 
  i guess my country is not the only one ruled by clowns . 
  slavery is a weird way to think about unity . 
  not every foreigner , just those who smell bad or dont do qualified work for dirt cheap . 
  i dont know the circunstances of the gypsies on romania but our own gypsies have the same right of every other citizen and still merrily join organized crime . 
  you dont see many of them begging though , mostly selling drugs . 
  you know there are organized mafias that control packs of beggars and they carry dozens of crippled from country to country to create more effect , yes ? 
  the few romanians i 've met were so similar to us and learned the language so fast that it was almost scary . 
  pretty decent people ( they were erasmus students so that counts of course ), 
  tell that to scotland and north ireland , i think they are not that optimistic . 
  then were is the brexit plan ? 
  there is none . 
  why are you not summoning art 50 ? 
  because you are afraid why are your politicians forfeiting en masse ? 
  because they got caught on a bluff and no one wants to take responsibility . 
  im not even that pro eu myself but you are convincing me that leaving the eu is not viable at all right now . 
  if anything seeing the uk politicians reduced to a bubbling mess ( we want to get out of the eu but not really , maybe another time , come on guys cant you take a joke ? ), 
  is forcing every euroesceptic to have serious second thoughts . 
  at least in your country ignorance can be considered extenuant . 
  on mine people willingly and knowingly elected a criminal organization . 
  cs existed before yes , and until very recently as nothing more that a joke party in catalonia with some crazy right wingers at the helm ( most of them arent even at cs anymore ) the party got a serious influx of money and personnel , tremendous media support from one day to the other and a very clear goal , which was to stop the bipartidism system from crumbling by acting as a third wheel to pp or psoe . 
  its a mix of things . 
  on one side its about a strong national feeling over the territory , like a possessive husband angry at his wife asking for the divorce . 
  spanish nationalism has been built around the unity of spain and a huge chunk of the population is still stuck on the old mentality of the fascist regime . 
  on the other hand catalonia is a rich and industrialized region ( one of the few ) wich excellent trade routes to france and the mediterranean , a spain without catalonia would be undoubtedly poorer . 
  and younger ones arent much better . 
  like religion , voting pp is something passed from fathers to sons . 
  podemos has very little chances to enter in any government with these results . 
  podemos wants to allow catalonia to hold an independence referendum since they see it as the people democratic right , though their unofficial posture is that they would prefer that catalonia doesnt leave . 
  anyway this is all in the air now since pp has been reinforced ( to the surprise of everyone ) and they would never allow a referendum . 
  dude , i heard artificial fires celebrating pp victory over here . 
  its not fear , its fanatism . 
  they know ? 
  i think they can do whatever they want because people would keep voting them . 
  i guess , this never happened before . 
  spain would only do what our german overlords say we should do . 
  if merkel says scotland is ok then its ok . 
  i sort of jest , but also kinda not . 
  its an artificial party anyway . 
  their only role was to stop pp missing votes from going astray . 
  if pp + ciudadanos ( the most right wing parties ) dont have the necessary mayority all points that psoe would abstain this time and would let pp rule in minority . 
  if that doesnt happen and pp doesnt get allies from other right wing parties ( like pnv ) we would be on the road for a third round of elections . 
  culture , here ? 
  where ? 
  sadly , yes . 
  its like a religion for most people . 
  it would be hard to take uk demands seriously from now on , for sure . 
  so he turned the country upside down because of some rivalry with cameron ? 
  and are the british going to allow that without heads rolling ? 
  i 'm getting the idea that they voted on impulse and on forced patriotic ideals and only now they realize the consequences . 
  i expected the uk to have a exit plan ready but it turns the brexit was just a ruse for petty internal political struggles .
