  i never saw anything like this . 
  edit : i 'm thinking that maybe many died out of fear . 
  the upper highs realized that the best way to stop podemos from gaining votes was to stop talking about them ( took them two elections to realize it ) so there is a media blackout right now, 
  `` when in rome do as the romans do '' surely there are better ways to convey that tradition without forbidding things by law . 
  but on the other way islam doesnt leave much room for subtleties . 
  democracy is a placebo . 
  we take a pill every 4-5 years and are made to believe that our choices matter . 
  i dont know , spain wasnt that much different 50 years ago . 
  but instead of islam it was turning more towards ultracatholicism . 
  someone needs to start a big war so all this brexit incident can be sweep under the carpet . 
  did i hear the germans talking about rearming ? 
  right now getting too `` emotional '' with a flag is associated in the collective memory with burning the continent every decade . 
  but collective memory has a short span and i 'm sure old pyromaniac habits would return , eventually . 
  remind the days when we were willing to kill for our countries . 
  its better this way , dont you think ? 
  depends . 
  its not the same fighting against an invader than being the invader . 
  i understand the carpet got ignited fast and then it spreaded to the ceiling but can it be so fast that no one could get out of a small bar in time ? 
  i think it means exactly that . 
  more than china ? 
  the social background of the convicts is more important , i believe . 
  the amount of marginal groups on norway is probably small and reinsertion is easier if you dont get sent back to hell when you are out of jail . 
  i dont even want to imagine the smell of all that garlic inside a bus on the hottest summer in years . 
  i prefer a rude waiter than being shot in the back by a cop because he felt like it . 
  meaning that this summer campaign is bigger than the previous years . 
  summer tourism . 
  they are only temporal jobs , happens the same all the years . 
  thats international politics for you . 
  no country or organization is going to bother antagonizing a big nation ( no matter the crimes ) if theres is nothing to gain from it . 
  wait for erdogan to colide with western interest to see the terryfing rage of the mass media dennouncing the suffering of the turkish people and how that tyrant has to be removed in the name of justice , human rights and global finance . 
  no shit , sherlock . 
  this is going to end well ... 
  who knows , as far as we know some politicians may be pocketing all that money . 
  as it is now , yes , its impossible . 
  spain has to change ( both politically and socially ) to allow that . 
  thing is that if that spain existed there wont be any reason for the independence on the first place . 
  its kinda sad . 
  madrid politicians are a bunch of retrogade knuckleheads which are using the `` unity of spain '' as their biggest political card , that is truth . 
  but that doesnt change that in the current situation the only way to achieve independence is by an agreement between the two parts . 
  sorry pal , but you are delusional . 
  every mid sized country has richer regions than others , that doesnt mean that the rich regions can live independently from the rest of the country . 
  we live in times were market quotas are everything and catalonya 's market quota is in spain . 
  an economical blockade and veto out of the eu would be a death sentence for catalonya . 
  what they dont like is the economical depresssion spain is facing , the rise on independentists on the last years is due to them thinking they can escape the crisis by leaving spain , which is false . 
  0 % chances with the actual government . 
  independece of catalonya would only be achieved if spain allows it . 
  both parts have to work together which is something catalonya fails to understand . 
  being even more broke since their main market would be closed to them, 
  same can be said about half a dozen of regions inside spain . 
  its ancient history . 
  it should fall into legitimate defense . 
  sooner or later that politician would screw you . 
  thats the idea . 
  but clearly our politics dont share it and prefer to keep prodding at the hornet nest . 
  and turkey ending like irak , lybia or afghanistan ? 
  unleashing a living hell like that so close to home is not wise . 
  these are post civil war measures . 
  erdogan is going full third world dictator without any shame . 
  wtf ? 
  this is a crime . 
  i dont even know how anyone was considering to let in these nutcases . 
  like we dont have enough nutcases of our own . 
  i live on the north of spain and i dont recall days over 30\u00ba like the last three . 
  at work at least i have ac but at home this a fucking stove . 
  edit : its raining , thank the gods its raining . 
  it rains in this goddamned place 10 months at year but i have never been so glad to see rain . 
  thats some serious dystopian shit . 
  it seems so in a way . 
  my guess is that there was some military branch that really wanted to rebel and erdogan let them think that they had more supporters than they really had . 
  they made a fool out of themselves and provided erdogan with all the excuse he needed to become a de facto dictator . 
  it was on rt news so it was probably bullshit . 
  it would be like saying that germany was supporting the coup . 
  i have no idea whats going on but i read that germany refused to give asylum ot erdogan . 
  is this true ? 
  its hard to care about a country if the media avoids it , unless you are living on the frontier with it . 
  that apathy towards portugal is the result of the lid that was put over anything related to it . 
  true , and history of portugal is absent on highschool books too . 
  its clear the conservative higher ups hold a grudge against portugal out of historic rivalry and as a result most people on spain barely care about it . 
  i guess truck tires dont deflate so easily . 
  terrible and worrisome news . 
  love is in the air, 
  well , cant argue with that . 
  more like latin dialects , which italian is too , though . 
  from my experience when a vast mayority of the population is tired of the abuse and corruption of the usual ruling party and the only alternative that presents itself is a left wing party that mayority would keep electing the abusive usual government . 
  fucking mankind , how do they work ? 
  the term racism used coloquially is more extensive than simply racial discrimination . 
  cultural and religious , and even economic discrimination can fall into it too . 
  the most correct term would be xenophobia , fear of the strange/foreign . 
  the uk doesnt have an exclusive deal for narrow minded xenophobes . 
  anyone knows who was saddam , i was just pointing the similarities with libya . 
  you are right , just look at all those cases of english citizens being brutally assaulted on eu due to the brexit hate ... oh , wait , there is none . 
  gaddafi and saddam both shared the `` approvement '' of western nations until they stopped being useful . 
  his actions would affect the international value of oil so a dictator like gaddafi that was useful for the high powers stopped being so and a war was fabricated by the media to get rid of him . 
  in the end it was due to the oil market . 
  the only thing certain is that irak had oil and that politicians are the scum of the earth . 
  exactly , in case of war we would be wiped out first to stop the us from taking positions on europe . 
  a weak power that could turn the whole of western europe in a smoking crater before the us even started to consider if they should stop them or not . 
  it would be for the better to stop antagonizing them so much . 
  you wont get kicked out unless the uk starts kicking out other eu workers . 
  it wont happen ... well it actually may , who knows , hard to figure what the uk politicians are thinking lately .
