  and germany had no role whatsoever in that , no ? 
  maybe many would start believing that the eu is not a gigantic fraud that way . 
  they are old school right wing , not neocons . 
  they use the state as a tool for their shady business , thats why they are not interested in weakening it by lowering the taxes . 
  well , no one uses all of them to tell the truth , they are localisms . 
  ha , i wish . 
  it was a joke ... 
  where i live we have over 60 words to call rain , i 'm sure finlad has way more than that about getting wasted xd, 
  those earn usually more sure , especially engineers . 
  but many have to reach quite some years of experience before that . 
  also there is the problem that there is not enough demand for high skilled workers . 
  1700 average in spain ? 
  you are lucky if you got over the 1000-1200 eur per month . 
  so subtle . 
  well , is not like anyone takes eurovision seriously anyway, 
  and i thought polution was bad in madrid ( i need two showers in a row to stop feeling sticky everytime i visit ), 
  just imagine all the spiders that can fit in so much terrain . 
  he was supporting erdogan only because he was pro eu ? 
  seems to me that he was tasked with that role before and only now realizes that could hurt his career . 
  where was that ? 
  i 'm proud of my country for once !, 
  seriously now , i woul enjoy more tea if it werent so bad for my system . 
  but coffee is my true and only friend in this cold world . 
  i know it would mean its own deal of problems , but leaving the eurozone and refusing to pay the debts doesnt seem as bad idea now . 
  its clear that the higher ups in europe dont care if greece is burn to a crisp in social turmoil , only that the banks get their due ( with interests ) if this is what the big european project really means we would all be better without it . 
  i dont know if this is a shift or simply to use an excuse to show their true colors . 
  in any case the shift seems to be that its not a taboo anymore to show far right ideology in public . 
  make internet great again !, 
  i thought this was / r/the _ donald for a moment . 
  is this what europe is turning in ? 
  are people seriously blaming refugees over the acts of some madman ( native german madman to boot ) ? 
  they can threat with freezing all the secret accounts of politicians across europe . 
  you dont fuck with the swiss , for real . 
  a boat counts under international law as part of the land of its flag . 
  you cant expatriate refugees that are on european land without an order first . 
  hm , maybe its something cultural . 
  here women are usually way shorter than men ( they havent been so affected by the sudden size increase of the last 30 years ) and tall girls always seek taller than them guys , maybe so they wont feel so out of place . 
  it was a correct average size for people who are now in their 50-60s . 
  in twenty years average size in spain is going to be over 1.85 . 
  i dont know what they are feeding to these kids . 
  have you seen a girl going out with a guy smaller than her ? 
  there you have it . 
  well , i always was the short guy on highschool , by a head in most cases . 
  my school days would have been better if 1.77 had been considered tall . 
  which part of spain ? 
  i 'm 1.73 and was always considered small . 
  1.78-80 was the average size for people of my age . 
  and 16 year olds are surpassing that now , i think the average for todays teens has increased a lot . 
  what it used to be ? 
  what period are you talking about , wwii ? 
  they become bankers , who pull the strings of politicians . 
  we have gypsies on spain and i would be pissed too if anyone would relate me to them . 
  same continent . 
  so since pangaea split i guess . 
  they should have added a pic of an english made paella for extra effect . 
  or a spanish omelette , but we would be really forced to go to war in that case . 
  if our politicians were willing to go to a war for that stupid piece of rock we would kick them to the moon and beyond . 
  not even the most deranged ultranationalist shithead would be willing to do such thing ( they would talk about it , sure , but like most neonazis they would chicken out when faced with reality ), 
  its the rule in spain in big profile oppositions . 
  thats not to say `` everyone '' that enters has a recommendation , but a lot of people do . 
  i have friends that tried some high levels entrance exams and they were advised that they would never pass the exams without a recommendation ( oral exams are a barrier where they can make you fail or pass at will and without leaving traces of the questions involved ) the cases of judges that were trying to prosecute corruption cases and were expediented , substituted or worse in the late years is also dangerously big . 
  here you have an example of the imparciality of most judges in spain : http://www.eldiario.es/politica/investiga-presidente-murcia-miembros-pp_0_625737543.html, 
  i dont know how bad it is in other european countries but here the separation of powers is a complete joke . 
  judges had been handpicked by the political parties ( with frauds in the public exams ) since forever and the higher the instances the more corrupt is the judge . 
  the result is corrupt politicians going around for free after being condemned ( or not even being condemned at all ) and the law apparently being there just to keep the poor people in line . 
  just dont come to spain to get wasted after screwing your own country . 
  `` my policies were terrible but it could get worse if you vote those far right pricks over there ( and dont tell anyone , but i would gladly team up with them to stop a true left wing party winning the elections ) '' modern politicians ... how did we end with this mess ? 
  german seems the superior race in this one . 
  didnt the german tank division kicked the us ass until they were recalled to defend the frontlines against russia ? 
  wtf tell me you are making that up . 
  i dont know , if people enjoy that crap let them have fun , they are not harming anyone but themselves . 
  hard to miss when there were half a dozen series with the same characters . 
  i didnt knew weed was popular back in the sxv, 
  local police is usually very peaceful and `` by the book '' . 
  the `` tough guys '' more prone to violence are in the special forces . 
  they seem that way now because they are in control and unrivaled . 
  its not hate , its how the world has always worked . 
  but it would be stupid to turn a blind eye to it . 
  yeah , because the us on the last years was doing so much good across the world . 
  lets not blame on trump things that have been happening for decades . 
  - the graphs show the increase of light and gas cost between 2005 and 2015 . 
  the cost is even higher now . 
  - other basic goods have similar increase over the years . 
  - basic salaries had zero increase over that time , life cost keeps rising . 
  https://i1.wp.com/iniciativadebate.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/timocracia1_luz1.jpg?resize=640%2c495 https://i1.wp.com/iniciativadebate.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/timocracia1_gas1.jpg?resize=640%2c495, 
  but life is more expensive than on eastern europe . 
  salaries have been frozen for the last decade while basic need goods have more than doubled its cost in that time . 
  its that bad . 
  because there is no industry . 
  and this data only shows that a lot of precarious work is being created , contracts of 1-2 months where stable jobs existed before . 
  i dont see how the common people can benefit from the animosity towards russia . 
  even when i can see how a bunch of businessman and politicians can seek profit on it i reject being thrown in the same bunch as them . 
  is it ? 
  whom interest are we talking about ? 
  i know about 4-5 people from that list . 
  i dont know if thats a good or a bad thing . 
  well , russia is better suited to withstand economical turmoils . 
  so its not much as grow but to not fall when others will . 
  europe is much more vulnerable than russia in that regard . 
  yeah , the new far right wave that is spreading through europe hasnt arrived here yet .
