  what a shame . 
  well , the uk is and would keep being one of the strongest economies on the world . 
  i dont think the rejoin would be on completely plain terms since them joining would also give strenght to the eu . 
  anyway , we are talking about rejoin when i dont see the british in much of a hurry to leave . 
  you mean art 50 . 
  it basically says that any country that wants to leave must oficially notify to the european council and the said country would have two years to negotiate the terms of the exit . 
  there cant be solid evidence considering the insane amount of secrecy that surrounds the treaty , which is worrisome enough . 
  even so independent members of the european parliament which were allowed quick glimpses are already dennouncing that beyond all the technical mumbo jumbo the menace is clear . 
  which art 10 ? 
  from the lisbon treaty ? 
  we are going to get royally fucked in the ass , yes . 
  then why push for the brexit in the first place ? 
  the conservatives planned to use the referendum as a bluff to gain liberties from the eu without actually leaving the eu ? 
  at none i believe . 
  if uk is finally out it has to ask for its membership again and any eu member could put a veto on it . 
  besides that i dont think the door would be permanently shut . 
  among other things . 
  there are groups like diem25 that are trying to change how the eu works . 
  they wont manage anything if strong countries dont back them up , of course . 
  uk is one of the strongest nations and could have used that leverage to change things , but you were too isolated to gain allies since you saw the eu as an economic oportunity and little more so that option was quickly ruled out . 
  it was a missed chance , maybe the last one . 
  national governments can be hold accountable for their deeds , the eu council on the other hand is untouchable . 
  we are being screwed by proxy and in the dark , which is far worse . 
  since when the media acts on its own ? 
  we should all have worked together to change the way eu works so no one should feel like leaving . 
  sadly many countries are scared and just flow with the current in the hope that junker wrath doesnt fall over them . 
  increase of austerity policies on weakened countries that only stop those countries to leave a crisis state . 
  de-facto impossition of economical measures on same countries refusing to negotiate with them alternative methods ( see the handling of the greek crisis ) blatant lack of transparency over the trans-atlantic trade deals which handles our asses to the lobbies . 
  lack of ethics of the economical institutions when german , us and uk banks started to sell toxic assets to other countries which was one of the most important factors of the economical crisis and forcing the estates to rescue with public money those banks . 
  the whole gestion of the inmigrant crisis, 
  there is a whole movement demanding transparency and more democratic values from the eu institutions ( diem25 ) my personal view is the eu no longer ( if ever did ) cares for its people . 
  2/3 is the usual . 
  its kinda crazy to leave matters of this magnitude to simple majority . 
  so i take there was still no formal notification to the eu council about the will to leave ? 
  i would have guessed that the tories would have done that first thing in the morning in a triumphant manner . 
  shouldnt we wait and see how things develop on the mid-term before pointing at uk and laugh for their `` mistake '' though i have to say some of those people wanting to change their vote the day after strike me as cartoon levels of dumb . 
  the london part must be all those eu workers making a fuss over the fear of losing their jobs . 
  breaking news , working class wakes up to discover that neocons dont give two shits about their welfare . 
  shocked , i 'm so shocked . 
  admitely the reasons to sell the brexit were quite inane , but there are plenty of good motives to distrust the european project and how its being handled by germany and brusels . 
  well , for once someone had the guts to tell germany to shove it where the sun doesnt shine . 
  not much subtlety on the press over there , uh ? 
  we are being ruled by a criminal organization with so many corruption cases that are impossible to count . 
  there is no separation of powers since the judges are equally corrupt and on cohort with the politicians . 
  most of the population is dumbed down beyond redemption and would keep electing this lot . 
  if this is not fascism it must be at least the closest thing . 
  about 1/4 of population at an optimistic low estimate . 
  mainly old people are radical enough to express that kind of point of view but younger people with right wing tendencies ( main party right wing , not neonazi garbage ) all think the same . 
  fascism is a social cancer really hard to erradicate , and thats why i dont trust germany one bit . 
  i know that i dont trust most of my own people . 
   there 's no need for absurdities . 
  thats what many people still think to this day what our own fascist regime was . 
  its absurd , but also real . 
  there is a lot of historical revisionism going on . 
  and you can see just on this thread how there is a general feeling that the russians were as bad or even worse . 
  i guess in 50 years the nazis are going to be considered brave freedom soldiers that saved europe from the commie menace . 
  the germans got away pretty easy too . 
  clearly a political decision . 
  if russian athletes are doped then tests should be performed on them and ban whoever is positive . 
  banning all of them without proof that all of them took drugs is really dirty . 
  say what you want about the british but they have better sense of humor than this . 
  yes , if only because i 'm tired of the rampant corruption and podemos seems to make the established parties nervous . 
  i dont trust podemos that much , and i never even cared about them until a few years ago , but as things are here is that , not voting or keep voting a bunch of thieves . 
  blame it on latin culture , happens the same on spain . 
  politicians are inherently corrupt and most people seem to like them that way . 
  dont ask me why , i never understood it myself . 
  work ? 
  switzerland , beautiful country , strong economy and safe pass in case of wwiii . 
  i didnt knew that . 
  1991 for universal suffrage , good grief !, 
  i dont know about honey butter but honey mustard chips are my favourite . 
  some of those men should have been let to die in peace instead of letting the surgeons practice with them . 
  and before someone lash at me let me tell you that i know what i 'm talking about . 
  which amounted to ? 
  war on terrorism , overthrown tyrants ? 
  or maybe dirty imperialist tactics fueled by economical interests ? 
  not if before that the us decide that china is the next devil to wage war against . 
  which is bound to happen , eventually . 
  what are afghanistan and libya examples of , exactly ? 
  if you think we are loud you should meet some southamericans . 
  no matter the country any would do . 
  they are loud by our standars , so go figure . 
  we should have listened to churchill . 
  whoever had the great idea of bringing in thousand of refugees thinking they would be a cheap labour force should take care of them . 
  those priests sure like to hit the bottle . 
  i was thinking the same . 
  i doubt any guy would have any problem with her being from another country ( not with her looks ) so the bullying probably came from jealous female partners . 
  really shameful , glad the judges didnt put up with the bullshit of this corrupt government ( for once ) it was only a shitty way to draw attention just one month before the general elections . 
  by being a civilized human being ? 
  revolution by the people is way to call it . 
  i saw a democratic elected goverment being overthrown by a bunch of radical right wingers wich installed a puppet goverment from europe . 
  i guess germany was guessing that russia wouldnt have the balls to start an international conflict and things turned for the worse . 
  the antimissile shield was in romania , no poland . 
  but regardelss of that its a cold war era pressure move . 
  while i dont have a deep insight on the ukraine matter from my point of view it was a provocation from europe ( supporting a coup d'etat ) which forced a military intervention from russia . 
  the recent antimissile thing on poland also seems like a military provocation . 
  i 'm not defending putin 's politic , but it doesnt seem that europe is making any efforts to befried russia . 
  ah , the russia obsesion is still strong . 
  i never understood why most people in europe see russia as a rival and not as a potential ally . 
  while i get the old imperialist rivalry its also clear that europe would only be able to grow in the future by allying with russia ( allying with , not conquering or assimilating it ),
