tsk , you guys should learn to be more popular . 
  not even lsd driven sci-fi writers were able to guess that megacorporations would fall so low in the future . 
  nope . 
  many european delegates that had a glimpse at the documents had been saying the same since months ago . 
  with so much secrecy hoping for the worst would be the best bet . 
  i never heard that the blast could have wiped half of europe . 
  it seems like an exaggeration considering the tsar bomba had a blast radius of 77km, 
  yup , a regular guy had to be completely deranged with his brain boiling on adrenaline to have the strenght to stab several persons in a row . 
  it happens from time to time but you have to be more mad than slighty pissed at your boss from being fired . 
  would those guns even work without regular maintenance ? 
  knives and clubs are much more tiresome weapons . 
  motherfuckers in europe dont go around mass murdering thanks to that , its just too much of a hassle . 
  the media here does , and some old ladies too i guess . 
  my friendly advice to romanians is to not go there . 
  monarchs are like a sexual disease : embarrassing , annoying and extremely hard to get rid of . 
  dude , nations all over the history were created due to expansion and lots and lots of bloodshed . 
  its in our dna , it may not be pretty but its our nature . 
  yes , i dont know why people still pays attention to this joke of a festival, 
  there is a good reason no country used nuclear weapons since the first two . 
  things would escalate too quickly , even the us and ussr were able to understand that . 
  hmm , during the cold war there were a huge amount of conflicts all around the world due to the pressure of the two potencies . 
  it wasnt nuclear holocaust but it wasnt peaceful either . 
  stereotypes are usually retarded . 
  this really means the crisis is going to get even worse , doesnt it ? 
  you have already underestimated one of the biggest countries in the world before , you know . 
  just my guess but they may see uk as a bridge to make business in europe . 
  if they have influence over the uk they have influence over the economical politic in the eu too . 
  left in europe means socialism or communism afinity . 
  it always felt weird that someone would think of the democratic party as left wing . 
  they hate more other ethnics before bothering with the jews . 
  it was like that in spain until recently . 
  it was terrible to see serial rapists and pederasts going at it again after the law modification allowed them to end their sentences . 
  there is no cure for some monsters . 
  sorry , my bad . 
  all these sweden posters played a trick on my already bad memory . 
  you dont get over them in a long time , thats why civil wars are so bad . 
  its not only the war , is the cleansing that comes after it what transforms a nation . 
  i always found excessive all the privileges he had and now he complains about isolation ? 
  ridiculous . 
  with the law in hand shouldnt he be released in 20-25 years ? 
  are there life sentences in sweden ? 
  there is no rehabilitation for lunatics . 
  first google result if you type `` palestinian segregated roads '' , which you were denying and i have read several times about . 
  this is a lie too ? 
  isnt this the actual justice minister in israel ? 
  israel is in a bit of an impasse . 
  they want to get rid of palestinians but cant openly commit genocide because that would give them bad press ( worse press than what they already have ), 
  i cant believe australia made it , what about all those spiders and snakes ? 
  some of those spiders are big enough to carry guns you know :p, 
  no americans in the chart , its clearly a conspiracy , 
  we had a democracy before joining the eu . 
  and spain is a big country , tourism in just some regions doesnt make a big impact on the economy . 
  my point is that spain was directed on becoming a service sector country while all its most notable industries were closed because they were competition for other members . 
  the cash flowed yes , but it was to the wrong places and in the long term that strategy would hurt our economy as we have seen . 
  tourism was already an important industry on the last years of the fascist regime . 
  eh , no , germany wanted spain to buy its products and also wanted to stop spain from competing in the market with its own . 
  there are mines over here that were bought and closed by the germans just to have control over the mineral prices , please dont make it sound like some tinfoil hat conspiracy, 
  spain in particular . 
  after leaving the dictatioral regime spain was used to make almost everything it needed , that didnt fit the eu 's view ( we are market quota after all , so we are suppossed to buy a lot ) naval and mining industry was almost completely dismantled in just a few decades and many national companies were sold to ( surprise ) germany , in many cases just to close them, 
  my bad , i meant `` with '' a colonialist past not without . 
  its bad karma for centuries to come that one . 
  thats funny because since we joined the eu we have been closing our own industry at a large so we are forced to import almost everything . 
  the cash has been flowing so only a few complained ( and politicians gloated on easy free euros ) but now we see the consequences . 
  is there a country on europe with an imperialist past that isnt rotten to the core ? 
  excuse me ? 
  we dont care , thats the joke . 
  it was certainly weird that no one from north america appeared on the leaks so far . 
  maybe the leak comes from them ? 
  for someone like me living in a country full of amoral and corrupt politicians this seems almost sci-fi, 
  the moment you arent allowed to make a bit of fun of your rulers is when you are really fucked . 
  its the canary on the coal mine , the last line of defense . 
  no , i lumped them because hinduism is one of the oldest religions in the world and was the base for other major religions as islam and buddishm . 
  its caste system among other things made me believe me that it refused to change much over the centuries . 
  i dont know were the `` brown people '' enters here though . 
  it still has the caste system or am i wrong ? 
  we usually say catolicism here , but i used the term christianism because it refers to something else than the roman church . 
  yeah , like a scar . 
  its like that in spain too , mostly . 
  christianism is a very maleable religion , it has been adapting since its origins ( unlike other religions like hinduism or islam ) and thus its values are very lax and something most people dont take seriously even when following the liturgy in social events yes , i think thats a good definition of modern christianity , its a social thing but not something individuals follow personally . 
  no , you dont . 
  many of those years of forced christianity were our darker age too . 
  are we at a holy war now ? 
  because thats exactly what the radical islamists are seeking . 
  yes , but why is isis so strong in syria in the first place ? 
  isnt it because western potencies are fueling a civil war against asad and this allowed isis to swarm the country ? 
  true that . 
  could be , but to fight isis or asad ? 
  the us should make its mind about that . 
  well ... http://www.latimes.com/world/middleeast/la-fg-cia-pentagon-isis-20160327-story.html, 
  no , italy always had a much stronger industry ( and i 'm sure still has ), 
  just dont expect the salaries to reach anywhere near those of germany . 
  its not a matter of recovering , salaries were never high on the first place . 
  thats the problem . 
  since everything they say is coated on religious mumbo jumbo we seem unable to understand their motivations . 
  they actually seek power , territory and more people to join them . 
  in a globalized world where all is measured in shares , stocks and the price of the oil barrel they look like out of time , which is the case actually . 
  for them spreading their religion is spreading their power and area of influence . 
  it has been like that since the middle age . 
  maybe the higher ups are afraid that western influence and progress would make them lost grip over population or maybe they see war thorn countries like irak , lybia , tunis , syria ... ( whose old rulers were keeping the religious zealots at bay before being discarded by the west ) as new opportunities to expand their territory . 
  they cant win on an open war so they form armies of fanatics to act as militias and dispensable kamikazes when convinient .
