she means safe zones for terrorists to hide in . 
  dude just shut the fuck up already . 
  you 're making yourself look like a retard . 
  welcome to finland, 
  while i agree with most of what you 're saying , i have to ask . 
  how to fuck do you have time and energy to write essays on reddit ? 
  how the fuck did merkel get elected ?? 
  unlike the sharia patrols , the so-called soldiers of odin do n't harass anyone . 
  infact they are the ones getting harassed . 
  on one of their `` patrols '' a group of leftists dressed up as clowns started following and harassing them these guys are just protesting . 
  they are n't actually vigilantes ... 
  i mean what can i say . 
  i 'm telling you how it was . 
  wether or not you believe me is up to you . 
  my mother is an immigrant from ukraine , who has a masters degree in marketing as well as computer programming . 
  once she moved to finland , she had to re do them , because no one would hire her with her ukrainian degrees . 
  1/3 of the people who answered , changed their mind after the incidents . 
  i 'd say that 's a very considerable amount of people, 
  embarrassingly i do n't recognise any of them : c, 
  sure , but they are targeting a specific group . 
  imagine , if a muslim community was selling halal meat and a % of the tax revenue went to fund crusades . 
  this is essentially the same thing . 
  amazon is effectively stopping the buying of the song , by forcing the buyer to indirectly support a charity they do n't necessarily support, 
  in a sense that now people that support pegida wo n't buy the song , because the money they pay is going to a place which is against their ideals . 
  i guess progressiveness and tolerance only works one way ... edit : stroke, 
  is n't this kinda like censorship ? 
  i feel like you 're not quite comprehending what i 'm writing ... 
  i feel like our ideas on a solution are very different . 
  the fact that most of the people who have made it to europe are n't even refugees , but economic migrants looking to leech off the generous social security systems , is one of the reasons why i oppose these actions . 
  the real refugees are stuck in refugee camps in turkey , lebanon and jordan . 
  the economic migrants who come from relatively safe areas such as baghdad , are stealing resources and space from the people who really are the refugees . 
  if your house was destroyed and all your posessions lost , there is no way you can pay 8000 euros for a smuggler to take you to europe . 
  edit : i 'd also like to add that if the ** rich gulf countries ** were even slightly concerned about their arab friends , they could easily solve the humanitarian crisis in the refugee camps in turkey , lebanon and jordan . 
  so are you saying that the `` first country of asylum principle '' is complete bullshit ? 
  read my full comment please . 
  i 'm not saying that ... what i 'm trying to say is that eu loses all its credibility when it does n't follow it 's own laws . 
  i should n't have to be forced pay for someone elses living , especially when they are in the country illegally . 
  i 'm all for helping refugees as long as it is done in a controlled , legal and rational way . 
  the fact that there are currently tens of thousands of `` refugees '' missing in europe because none of them are documented , is madness . 
  who knows how many of these people are terrorists or criminals . 
  also according to eu laws , all ~ ~ economic migrants ~ ~ refugees have to stay in the country they first arrived in . 
  well memed bro, 
  this is the kinda article you read , and think : `` only in germany '', 
  this is idiotic . 
  taking their fingerprints is the first thing that should be done when they enter europe . 
  actually obtaining illegal small guns is way easier than getting a legal one . 
  also it 's often cheaper to buy an illegal gun . 
  with things like tor you do n't need contacts . 
  there are tons of forums where people arrange meet ups to buy anything from drugs to guns to child porn . 
  all you need is a computer with a internet connection . 
  if you do n't believe me just download tor and browse some of the forums . 
  the people who have shot up schools , for example in finland , most likely did n't acquire a gun for the specific reason of shooting up a school . 
  it would make sense to assume , that the idea came after they had carried the gun for a while . 
  i picked denmark for exactly the same reasons, 
  how about you make an argument then instead of just calling people retarded ? 
  that 's why i said almost all ... 
  i 'm not sure about the source for this claim , but i recently came across an article where it was said that around 90 % of all violent gun crimes are committed with illegal guns . 
  if you care enough you can search it up and potentially prove me wrong , but i feel like this statistic does make sense . 
  so i should 've probably worded my comment a bit better , but what i meant is that instead of using resources on enforcing silly gun laws , they should use those resources on stopping illegal gun trade . 
  i feel like banning guns in this manner is counter productive . 
  these gun bans only effect people who carry a gun legally . 
  almost all guns used in terrorist attacks or shootings are obtained illegally . 
  instead of banning legal guns , the eu should take measures to fight the illegal gun trade . 
  even with these bans , buying illegal guns is going to be just as easy as it used to be . 
  the title suggests that the guy with the spanish accent is screaming `` speak english '', 
  independence day ? 
  maybe its just me but if i buy a car , i want to drive it . 
  if i wanted effortless transportation i would take the bus . 
  driving a car is fun , why would i want a computer to drive for me ? 
  that being said , im a relatively new driver and there is no traffic where i live . 
  seems cool and all but why the hell would you want a car that drives itself ? 
  just det, 
  stop stroking your ego . 
  while i 'm against the actions that russia is currently taking in ukraine , i hope you understand that nato aka the us is literally moving nukes closer to russian border . 
  one might argue that it is a logical response to russian aggression in ukraine , but i do n't think increasing the threat of nukes is really a rational response to conventional warfare . 
  that being said , i personally might not agree with this , but it is important to understand the position that russia and putin are in . 
  honestly i have no idea . 
  i 'm from helsinki and for us , nothing exists outside of the helsinki metropolitan area . 
  you 'd have better luck asking / r/finland, 
  i recently took a japanese course at my school and i can tell you , there definitely are similarities in pronounciation . 
  you 're wrong . 
  santa is and always will live in rovaniemi, 
  i 'd like to remind people that gdp does n't actually measure the well-being of citizens . 
  this is how the eu makes sure , that only people who are wealthy enough to fund these internships get to eventually work for the eu . 
  even the airport security is a total joke in barcelona . 
  me and a group of friends were leaving from our vacation and the tsa guys let us through without even checking our luggage . 
  none of my liquids were taken and once we got home my friend found a small bag of weed in his hand luggage which he forgot there . 
  top tier meme, 
  he was a refugee . 
  i do n't think removing the terrorist badge makes it any better . 
  you 're thinking of illegal guns . 
  legal guns are to protect the people from illegal guns which are almost 100 % of the time used to kill people . 
  assuming there were little to no illegal guns , there wouldnt be a need for legal once either . 
  however seeing that this is n't the case , i would much prefer to be the guy who shot a terrorist rather then be another victim . 
  [ please tell me how banning guns lowers homicide rates ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-dj-ka2whhlo/unzr8agpvqi/aaaaaaaafh4/f6rrtvn7q6i/s1600/screen+shot+2012-12-22+at++saturday,+december+22,+9.26+pm.png ) it was n't until britain drastically increased their police force and wasted tons of money , that the homicide rates fell again ... 
  france might want to consider some tighter truck laws ... 
  stop it you guys , this is exactly what isis wants / s, 
  what mess ? 
  the exact same could be said about america with the strong support for the left . 
  what a hypocrite ...
