ikr even before the match officially started i knew there were going to be messed up stuff, 
  i saw that match ... if i am right there was a fire burning there in the stadium ? 
  this match was so embarrassing for both teams ... e_e, 
  are you talking about this football match between albania vs serbia right now ? 
  cause ... this is scary . 
  they are n't . 
  neither are usa , france and china . 
  maybe north korea is retarded enough though ... 
  is that the empire of azerbaijan to the west ? 
  ( the azerbaijan flag is horizontal blue-red-green with a moon on the center , for those who do n't know . ), 
  what comes to my mind is : they can not into europe . 
  i would introduce ... more freedom . 
  freedom of speech . 
  freedom of media . 
  strenghten our economy . 
  make better living standards . 
  hunt for oil . 
  increase military spending . 
  declare armed neutrality . 
  introduce better education . 
  remove the two-headed bird from our flag . 
  make the country more beautiful . 
  the genocide in late 20th century . 
  we do n't usually like to talk about that . 
  everybody forgets poor polan . 
  ok wth did i just watch, 
  i 'd rather say one month time . 
  bring back leningrad . 
  ... o just noticed that, 
  looks beautiful !, 
  i hope to visit vilnius some day , 
  well eu is dead if uk leaves ... 
  it wo n't affect me :d, 
  estonians and poles are idiots . 
  stop being so dramatic !, 
  you are nato , eu !, 
  why would russia invade you too ? 
  putin is n't an imbecile !, 
  if he invades you guys his country is more than dead !, 
  i believe yes , but even worse than the current one . 
  oh , i did n't put this just because it 's mocking america , i put it cause it looks interesting , funny , it 's about europe and atlas of prejudice :3, 
  that 's what made me scared before i clicked . 
  here there are floods . 
  i thought this was going to be about weather , before i clicked . 
  aww , wish i came to see this comment section in time so i see what he said . 
  ** the horror ... **, 
  the part where i am is n't flooded ( it had heavy rain tho and the power ran out a lot ) and i had internet and power at the time i posted ... 
  turkey has a bit of it 's territory in europe , so i do n't think it should be a problem, 
  good for you ; _ ;, 
  i know right ... have n't had power all day here either ... 
  yes . 
  it is . 
  it is called the usce tower , 
  last time , i made some pics of serbia , and i decided to make another album with more pictures !, 
  [ be sure to see the old one too !, 
  i decided to make another album with more images - here you go : http://imgur.com/a/5it9q, 
  some of these are tourist destinations . 
  one of those pics is the studenica monastery , the first is the kalemegdan ( only a bit of it is seen though , sorry ! ), 
  and the fourth is view of belgrade from kalemegdan . 
  no , the country . 
  i can add some, 
  yay :d, 
  i know right , it 's horrible here !, 
  in belgrade , it did n't stop raining for almost 48 hours ... 
  wat is this i do n't even, 
  not every serbian name has - i\u0107 as the last two letters of the surname ; most do , but not all, 
  thank you , 
  he does have a serbian name . 
  they would n't do that . 
  if they 'd turn off the gas , both russia and europe would be economically harmed . 
  my house has n't been blown up yet . 
  ( silence for 5 secs ) ( a bomb falls on my house ), 
  i recognise that place - visited it :p, 
  my dream europe would be a federal republic and each state ( country currently irl ) has its own cultures , and traditions . 
  the federal republic would be totally free , both genders would be able to do equal rights , everyone has freedom of speech and so on . 
  i agree, 
  serbian and croatian are n't same . 
  yes , what you said about cyrillic and latin is right , but croatian has some different words than serbia . 
  same . 
  europe should never become one country !, 
  it would heavily damage national cultures and politics !, 
  scandinavia is the only good place to live . 
  i love all the scandinavian nations , but actually also all nordic nations . 
  i hope to move to copenhagen , oslo , stockholm or helsinki someday . 
  scandinavia is freaking awesome and i have been learning about it for months . 
  burger king and kfc are better, 
  no ; turkey is too stupid to enter eu and restricts human rights to go on twitter and similar websites . 
  why havent we made a ` surprise attack ' on the nk already if it 's even possible ? 
  turkey does n't deserve a place in the eu . 
  no , i am not saying this cause i am a serb , i would have said the same even if i was n't . 
  yeah , i am serbian and i am not allowed to ask this question . 
  i probably would 've mentioned it even if i was russian or ukrainian or idk what else, 
  macedonia is too dumb to realize that they are n't, 
  honestly , they should get independence if they want to ; but they should know that it is harder to be a country than a region / part / etc. 
  of a country , cause a lot more work . 
  probably a few more months , or at least a year or two , because of the pace they are going at now . 
  i am pro-eu and wish for serbia to become good enough and finally enter the eu as soon as possible . 
  you have a point . 
  that may actually work , lol, 
  this video is about my astonishing yet diverse country , republic of serbia .
