  probably wan na rival/contest china 's, 
  you never know . 
  i do n't know , probably to a lesser extent , cause many serbs assume the americans to be the leaders of this intervention . 
  if most catalans support getting independence , then i support it too . 
  if most catalans are against , then i am against too . 
  many serbs indeed have `` eternal hate '' to america and americans ... however i do n't hate the usa itself , i definitely do n't like your government though . 
  of course , i like to poke a joke at the usa sometimes but it does n't mean i htate you . 
  everyone knows americans ; ca n't handle not being mentioned in everything also , they are n't even european and the author was specifically talking about / european / tourists, 
  i agree with you completely . 
  do you think i hate the entire country of germany because of their ww1 and ww2 actions ? 
  do you think i hate the entire country of albania because of our conflicts with each other ? 
  do you think i hate , i do n't know , turkey because of our pretty bad relations with them in the past ? 
  there is no reason to hate an entire nation for it ; maybe you could dislike the government for its barbarianism or something , but it is simply wrong to hate an entire country . 
  a government represents a country ; and most are indeed represented badly . 
  so serbia wins a sports tournament , and you turn this into a political debate about genocides ? 
  yeah , thanks sheriff , you really helped the discussion, 
  we beat the united states , then mali , and now brazil, 
  we beat brazil ? 
  well that is new, 
  democratic country ? 
  why , that is only a wish . 
  no comment . 
  so do you . 
  just opened that site for 5 minutes and usa is already crowded with the fucks ... 
  i hate it . 
  do you actually think our entire population worships milosevic , seselj , radovan karadzic etc. 
  positive news you say ? 
  we beat the usa in ( true ) football , 
  soon ... :(, 
  tl ; dr yurop will rule the space ? 
  serbia definitely needs more investors though :( edit 2 : removed the first edit notice, 
  one word : [ ** europa . 
  what did he say ? 
  the comment is deleted by now : /, 
  [ this best summarizes my country 's culture , obviously ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxuu3zncvmi ), 
  tbilisonia rainforest ? 
  ^ ( i 'm original ! ), 
  blueeee !, 
  oh my god , this design is amazing !, 
  [ meanwhile on the wikipedia article on the games ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/99cxrlz.png ), 
   award-winning serbian director oh why serbian ... 
  seriously what is wrong with that driver ? 
  get out . 
  then yes , all the south slavic lands, 
  so you are implying gavrilo princip 's idea was to kill everyone who is not serb and create a serb-dominated european empire ? 
  edit : lol seems i got no response , he does n't know what to reply, 
  it exactly did lead to ww1 ... 
  or a history book . 
  indeed it is a ridiculous comparison . 
  princip 's idea was not to kill all croats or all austrians , whatever other nationality or ethnicity . 
  princip 's idea was to liberate serbia , or , if not just serbia , then all the south slavic lands . 
  not really , we do n't have much anti-german sentiment around here . 
  or at least i do n't hear any at all . 
  it is quite obvious , but i will say it . 
  albanians , sometimes croats , bosniaks and possibly americans , because a ) for croats and bosniaks , of our very long history of hatred towards each other . 
  b ) americans bombed us in 1999 and put sanctions in the 90s on us . 
  i think the public opinion of the usa is getting better today in our country , but it still pretty low according to wikipedia ,  according to the 2012 u.s. 
  global leadership report , only 20 % of serbians approve of u.s. leadership , with 57 % disapproving and 22 % uncertain , the fifth-lowest rating for any surveyed european country . 
   hopefully one day we will build a rail tunnel to finland as well !, 
  the gulf of finland should be renamed the estonian channel then  edit : i edited pretty much my entire comment , used to say simply `` the estonian channel '', 
  haha , no they do n't . 
  that sounds very nice !, 
  i support . 
  once again yurop owns the most, 
  i like it . 
  it looks pretty neat !, 
  oh , he was talking about that ? 
  i thought that he read `` northern '' in the post as `` northen '' but yet it does n't actually say that anywhere . 
  so you are saying we should all huddle together with someone who publicly expressed his desire to kill thousands of people ? 
  god , he seriously is very disgusting . . 
  honestly , your decision to stay neutral is * pretty * bad and it embarrasses most , if not all serbs and you basically show us of both being cowards and refusing to say we are against a hardcore nationalist serbian who supports killing croats and muslims . 
  they actually support him ? 
  oh god ... 
  i really hope this whole drama wo n't everyone think all serbs really are nationalist extremists ... 
  dude . 
  x-posting is not allowed according to their rules . 
  is that what you always reply when somebody owns you in an argument ? 
  we are ready to start useless uprisings we will lose, 
  it definitely impacts his ability because we all know he can not be trusted , of course because of his post and comment history , and his username . 
  the / u/dclauzel trend is spreading !, 
  let 's all speak multilingual !, 
  i know i would n't, 
  no , it is not a better question because reddit was / not designed / to be for one group . 
  r/europe was designed for one group , and the group is europeans . 
  no thanks , i 'll pass , 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  i still do n't understand . 
  is it supposed to affect people in europe / outside the eu / too or just people / inside the eu / ? 
  could be, 
  find the gold toilets, 
  i like that he writes in two languages too . 
  i do n't know why people dislike it ; you are right , it can help somebody with their french , and why is that a downside ? 
  thanks , / u/bloatarder !, 
  especially considering this is in romania ( at the time a soviet satellite state ), 
  nah , i like it actually . 
  very interesting username , / u/crnaruka, 
  1453 worst day of my life, 
  like former yugo ? 
  we are not all worshipers of russia and putin ^ ( though it is true , an insane amount of us are ) and we are not all `` genocide maniacs '' who enjoy ethnic cleansing and raping . 
  and no , i am neither a worshiper of russia and putin nor a genocide maniac .
