  and / r/fuppen is right ; do you guys really think anything that insults another race is racism ? 
  honestly i would be too ... europeans were the ones who historically settled the americas ( and australia ) , it was n't the americans and australians who settled europe ... 
  no thanks . 
  serbs ( serves ) you ? 
  i really do n't know . 
  let 's be honest we committed genocide too . 
  ... hmm , wonder how it would look if we connected all those islands , as in , stuffed them together ? 
  no thank you , i like it this way , 
  i feel sad for those guys ... 
  wan na bet it will start in serbia in 2017 ? 
  what 'd he say ? 
  um , it is wales , not whales ... 
  but this is n't really the right place to ask , try r/travel or r/askeurope , i do n't know ... ? 
  i support . 
  27 degrees here atm . 
  and rising . 
  lol you are funny, 
  you are welcome , 
  hey , just so you know , you can just put the url into the [ `` url '' bar ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pk7esh0.png ) and in the `` title '' bar just put `` in view of the situation in greece , and following the breakdown in the negotiations by the eurogroup , podemos wishes to communicate the following '' ( the title of the article , as it seems ) . 
  hope it helps . 
  wow , you actually really think all serbs got involved in the srebrenica crimes , in war to prevent kosovo from getting independence etc. 
  and may i ask , where are you from ? 
  yay serbia !, 
  is n't this our 4554th victory in a sports event this month ? 
  no , by their i mean the school, 
  yeah . 
  i agree with you . 
  i hate people who think the solution to everything are acts of violence . 
  oops , sorry ... my mistake . 
  i mixed up you and him . 
  * carry on !, 
  * edit : but no seriously . 
  i need to get glasses . 
  i accidentally misread your username for his . 
  are we really supposed to believe in people who say `` keeping them out means use of force . 
  people need to be killed . 
  europe do n't got the balls . 
  usa guy here . '', 
  european for sure , but troll is you . 
  edit : nvm , i should probably get glasses now, 
  how can a peaceful protest be illegal ... ? 
  sorry , i do n't think anyone here can define if someone can write in another language together with the `` official language of the subreddit , also known as english '' . 
  he ( and anybody else ) should be able to write comments in two languages if they want ; actually , in any language alone too ; but if they write in solely one language here ( that is n't english ) , they can expect that most people will not understand him . 
  however , / u/dclauzel writes it in both languages ( english and french ) . 
  also , i do n't think he uses google translate - google translate does n't translate sentences very well . 
  i agree with you on that second part ( `` rt is no different than western media , they all push their side of the story . 
  '' ) , but i find western media a little more trustworthy than any russian media, 
  of course , all serbs are bloodthirsty morons who like to rape muslims and want to conquer the entire balkan !, 
  your comment is the reason we do n't like you guys . 
  do n't know why you were so downvoted ... 
  better put : anything with usa in it = everyone on the internet will talk about anything without usa in it = everyone continues their normal life but no seriously . 
  whenever some games or events involve the usa it always gets huge media and international attention ...  _ , 
  they did n't even finish occupying iraq and syria , and they already wish war with another three larger countries at same time ? 
  watching it live on tv . 
  and wow , we finished 12th ( on first list ) ? 
  arabs in the vicinity = you will be raped or attacked if not dressed properly , according to their logic ? 
  i find it okay to be a patriot and support your country , but i do n't like those who go how they should , for example , `` expand their territory through war and killing tens of thousands of people to liberate great orthodox brother serbs '' or those who go `` we are the brave superior serbian peoples who are above everyone else in everything '' . 
  that kind of patriotism / nationalism makes me sick . 
  i hate how almost all serbs on reddit are patriotic-slash-nationalistic : / sorta makes me sad for our nation , as it is represented badly, 
  why are literally almost all serbs on reddit patriotic-slash-nationalistic ? 
  canada should be made a honorary yuropean !, 
  here is an answer already said by another person :  am i supposed to be angry and go witch hunting ? 
  great mate . 
  now tell us , why did you take a picture of a comment here and post it here too ? 
  do n't the terrorists know they only make more people hate their religion ? 
   what has russia done that has created similar harm ? 
  you played a part in jacking up afghanistan and korea, 
  eh , while i agree that almost everything posted here these days is political news and so on , i do n't think we need a second subreddit . 
  we never have discussions about culture , cuisine and heck , even histories of our nations . 
  the subreddit is basically all `` put some political news and talk about it '' these days . 
  [ we already have an irc channel ] ( http://webchat.snoonet.org/europe ) . 
  please do n't . 
  happy independence ^ ( from us ) day !, 
   you forgot libya and serbia yeah , nato bombed serbia , but i would rather be with the west than with you ( russia ) . 
  to terrorize populations ? 
  please clarify ? 
  i hate how russia acts like it has supreme control over all the eastern european nations ... like seriously , who do you think you are ? 
  i disagree . 
  support a country and be an ally of it = / = be a puppet . 
   but poland , or most of the eastern europe for that matter , are not important enough for others to care . 
  indeed we would care ... if just poland was annexed by russia , that would be a bad thing because russia would have a clear path to invade western europe . 
  once again , a `` ww3 '' is unlikely . 
  nobody wants global war , like / u/marktplatz said . 
  and nukes are very influent in it ; nukes are weapons that can make the world impossible to live on , and nor the people nor the governments want that to happen . 
  i am pretty sure poland is n't usa 's puppet ? 
  i am also pretty sure usa is sending military personnel and equipment just so they can be safe ( though i am not sure if that is enough equipment to help themselves against russia ) . 
  poland does not even want war with russia , i do n't think . 
  edit :  not to mention that most of the world probably would n't miss poland ... are you serious or trolling ? 
  what did he say ? 
  it is deleted, 
  do n't call kosovo a country . 
  ever . 
  please tell me where did the reddit administration ever write that reddit is meant to target americans and is not meant for anybody else . 
  it is n't made for americans you retard . 
  it is made for americans and for the rest of the world . 
  take your patriotism to r/murica . 
  why would you go somewhere else ? 
  cause this is r/europe and nor the author of this post , nor anybody else asked you for your opinion . 
  edit : also , i love how you americans ( at least a lot of you ) love to toss their opinion into everything . 
  it annoys everyone .
