  kazakhstan was historically state/region in the soviet union and it has a small part in europe ( west of the ural river ) ( i am not saying the other - stan countries are also european because they were in the soviet union , they still do n't have a part west of the ural ) . 
  and azerbaijan i 'd say somewhat european , because idk , i count the caucasus as both europe and asia . 
  somewhat european because they are n't entirely in europe , just partially , and also because azerbaijan does n't really have an european culture . 
  ^ ( please do n't judge me ), 
  i love how the ottoman empire , after the genocide was carried out , admitted it was a genocide ( see wikipedia ) , then , after the republic of turkey was formed 1921 , it started denying it ( the republic started denying it ) ... 
  i 'd say hurt in the butt, 
  get out of here . 
  your low effort troll is not working . 
  euroep is a continent . 
  asia is a continent . 
  kazakhstan is east of the urals . 
  europe is west of the urals . 
  kazakhstan is asia . 
  europe is ... well , europe . 
  what nationalism, 
  i have nothing against america , but i certainly do n't like americans who brag about their country being awesome every day . 
  `` you europeans should check out america its a lot better ! '', 
  here comes the american bragging about his/her country . 
  like russia or not , russia is part of europe geographically and it was made in europe . 
  it 's area of focus was in europe and it had all its capitals in europe . 
  yes . 
  eu = / = europe . 
  eu is a union based in europe , and it does n't even have all the countries in europe . 
  if russia is n't culturally european , all other slavs are n't either . 
  russia was founded in europe , it has european culture , they are slavic , and their `` area of concentration '' , if you get what i mean , is europe ( all their capitals were in europe too , and they still have a european capital , moscow ) . 
  probably `` unknown '' what is the largest ethnicity there . 
  no idea , otherwise, 
   largest in the world when completed in 2024 yurop shall rule again !, 
  i found this map interesting , so i decided to post it on here . 
  what are your opinions ? 
  or we strike !, 
  also , colonize antarctica !, 
  who cares if it is cold , the important thing is no one * actually * claimed the land there !, 
  right ? 
  ^ anyone ? 
  not really like venice . 
  venice is only half-underwater . 
  liberland would probably be entirely underwater ... 
  vive le empire of r/europe !, 
  divide et impera !, 
  we will enter that union ... one day ... 
  it is ? 
  i just learned another new thing on the internet !, 
  but it still does n't explain his use of canada 's google then and his question on georgia joining the eu . 
  yeah , no doubt in that ... 
  i agree ... also why is he using google canada if he is , well , judging from his question , georgian, 
  firstly , why are you so creepy second , why are you asking that question literally on every subreddit ( you also asked if we would mind if the republic of georgia joins usa on some other subreddit ) third , why are you using google canada if , judging by your question everywhere , are georgian ( or at least i think you are ), 
  ... what the heck ? 
  will, 
  very, 
  yes , compared to scandinavia, 
  european empire !, 
  except when volcano . 
  then must run . 
  two links of the same topic pasted at the same time !, 
  also what, 
  just like sielgaudys wants . 
  for him to rule his own country . 
  score 64 % within 1:16 . 
  damn . 
  i feel embarrassed for someone with an a in geography class . 
  you are freaking sick . 
  i * indeed * know who you mean . 
  that we are all genocidal maniacs , i guess . 
  i do n't think they would be willing to lose us . 
  ahh , i knew it was a southeast european / balkan city ... the buildings in the background give me the suspicion . 
  indeed , the same happened in 1939 for germany !, 
  ( except they succeeded but then started to crumble in 1943 ), 
  what city is that ? 
  also can confirm . 
  he should try this site too : http://www.ifitweremyhome.com/, 
  no friends to talk to . 
  no , the point of the eu was to bring peace and prosperity to europe , and prevent any future conflicts ( between the members ) . 
  the point is also to unite the european peoples and bring economic stability and unity . 
  you were not * criticizing israel * . 
  you were * insulting jewish people * , which is not only different , but entirely different . 
  enjoy your life in europe ? ^ ( i really do n't know , do n't judge me ! ), 
  not all of us are that retarded either . 
  samoserem is probably just a troll ; also , his username , in serbian , means `` i 'm just shitting '' ... 
  united shqipterian states of albania ... no , that name is horrible , any other ideas ? 
  calm down , is for next rally ^ ( nah , just kidding :d ), 
  he is just trolling . 
  we all know it is gon na take some at least ~ ~ a few years ~ ~ never to get over the 90s . 
  also british pop bands . 
  ( cough , coldplay , cough , the beetles , cough , one direction ), 
  this is just weird . 
  not here in serbia - the weather will be clear according to weather reports . 
  the eclipse will apparently only partially be seen tho ? 
  wait , what ? 
  it is the newly-built [ ada bridge ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ada_bridge ) !, 
  finished in 2013 . 
  alright , i will do it !, 
  mountains , some plains , mountains , more mountains , rakija . 
  i get it :d ( eu ) rope !, 
  bosnian serb gavrilo princip assassinated austria-hungarian heir to the throne franz ferdinand and a-h declared war at serbia on july 28th . 
  russia declared war at a-h a few days later to help serbia . 
  of course , a-h 's ally germany was a bitch and it declared war on russia on august 1st , france on august 3rd , and later invaded belgium to have britain declare war at germany . 
  of course , a few years later they provoke the usa and get usa to declare war at germany . 
  thank you , very much appreciated !, 
  you guys / really / do need a single military .
