  and they are doing it . 
  this is conspiracy talk . 
  i really think most refugees/migrants have been allowed to cross borders so they could get help . 
   while your women are getting raped . 
  just why, 
  not how it should be . 
  ( in my opinion ), 
   if anything germany might even join russia . 
  what the actual fuck . 
  `` so better let it rain some bombs on the people who basically surrendered '', 
  have the cjfoir planes struck any hospitals lately ? 
  yeah politicians were in favor of taking in refugees `` to dilute european nationalisms and individualities into a giant mix of undifferentiated individuals '' . 
  the whole crisis was summoned by evil politicians to contain nationalism . 
  the bullshit you read on this sub nowadays ... . 
  if you want economic and social problems resolved while holding up the status quo you 're gon na have a bad time waiting for it . 
   an eu breakup would greatly enhance our power / s ? 
  victim blaming at its best . 
  the day people see healthcare institutions being bombarded as a given is going to be a very sad day . 
   some countries ? 
  because it would fail most likely ? 
  looks like a primary goal for terrorists which would explain the high level of security ? 
  the situation is complicated . 
  right now there is a truce between these factions . 
  yeah thats why they went to war , because he had an `` image of a strong united europe . '', 
  well i am pretty certain that nothing major has changed in my life because of the influx of refugees . 
  the crisis is here on r/europe . 
  i do n't think a lot will change in the day-to-day live of the average german/swedish person . 
  why is italys rate of caesarean sections so high ? 
  afaik it 's not that easy :(, 
  why relocate the industry if its way easier to relocate people ? 
  because we are all masochists ? 
   the eu she inherited what ? 
  i do n't know if she did but even if , it was never her `` own '' project , you ca n't single her out for being responsible for that . 
   because of her adversity to nationalism she would not let a european nationalism be born , wtf ? 
  you somehow think that it is her fault ??????? 
  what do germans want to happen ? 
  you also in favor of not calling `` the cold war '' a war ? 
  yeah i always ask myself why they do n't call the party `` the left '' , `` the leftwing left party '' ( `` die linksgerichtete linke '' ) makes 0 zero sense to me . 
   let 's be honest europeans are pretty pussy compared to most men wtf, 
  you mean it 's the first cs : go event in lithuania right ? 
  suck it !!!!!!, 
  your statement might be a bit too simplified . 
  got the late game hammers and science from all the specialists although america got statue of liberty . 
  who thinks that ? 
  edit : * anyway, 
  which should not be the sources you base your foreign relations on . 
  you sure that the wages in russia are lower than in china ? 
  a lot of places in asia are cheeper ? 
  why would anyone invest in russia right now ? 
  when the oil is gone they wo n't get any sympathy anymore whatsoever . 
  you are communist terrorist !!, 
  ! 11elf1 filthy liars !!!!!!, 
  what is wrong about that statement ? 
  europe ? 
   tesla could eventually have as many as three vehicle and battery factory locations in europe , he said . 
  great . 
  also very excited about europe becoming the center of automated production . 
  omelette you fucking heathen . 
  damn 2 star general already , not bad . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/11478658/germanys-good-example-on-defence-spending.html  but news from berlin that the defence budget is to rise by 6.2 per cent over the next five years is a welcome recognition of the need for nato countries not to drop their guard at a time of growing global instability . 
  not enough but will go even higher up when germany gets more support for european battle groups . 
  there are bataillons who are under nato-command ? 
  germany is upping its spending already and will continue to do so when it becomes more and more apparent that the us can not be relied upon secruring our safety in europe anymore . 
  for europe ? 
  a lot ... 
  people in germany have the right to know who their biological father is . 
  oh no i am in favour of reminding people of the crimes of the nkvd . 
  just a pr move to get this topic into peoples minds i guess ? 
  focus on the change of unemployment numbers . 
  the information stays relevant if the parameters of defining `` unemployment '' arent altered . 
  the vatican ? 
  before commenting in a thread , i would always advise to have a look at the content of the post . 
   promoting stereotypes of evil syrian government . 
  57 % of government capital investment being funded by the cohesion policy money in hungary . 
  im 100 % sure orban knows this . 
  he is playing a slick game . 
  yes pls - . -, 
  [ bruh . 
  finally germany gets the recognition it deserves . 
  how do people get up there ? 
  do they have professional painting equipment and no one cares when they do their thing ? 
  still i like them . 
  luxembourg and lithuania . 
  good teamwork always beats strong individuals . 
  berlin receives a lot of money for infrastructure which is mostly used downtown ( main train station ) . 
  will slow down at some point just like it did in western europe . 
  not everyone is an egoist , some people actually have altruistric mindsets . 
  you shouldnt infer from yourself in this matter . 
  probably rural romanias fault . 
  i 'd say thats fine as long as you dont post any comments relating to the article . 
  pff ... if 10 young people get employed to go and catch fish the unemployment rate changes by 5 % , like how is that even considered to be a fair competition - . -, 
  am i missing something ? 
  great britain is on the list ? 
  i mean basically every country does that in one way or another , so it kinda evens out in the end . 
  the statistic is atleast useful for comparison . 
  why is the caspian sea so big if the oceans are `` smaller '' / the sea level is higher ? 
  where does the water come from ? 
   guys , we love you confirmed homogay !!, 
  you are delusional and misinformed if you think this poster has any relevance . 
  basically no one in germany is calling for the revision of the border with poland .
