  as sigmar gabriel just said , the presidium of the spd has , by his suggestion , decided to recommend me to the party leadership as the candidate for chancellor and for chairman this upcoming sunday . 
  this is an extraordinary honour , which i accept , i admit , with pride , but also with due humility ; and of which i will attempt to make the best for our country , because the spd has a mission : to improve our country . 
   this was sigmar gabriel 's principle as well , in everything he did as chairman of our party - and i believe he is a great chairman of the spd - in everything he did in this office for our party and for our country . 
  that was the key principle : to improve the country by way of social democracy . 
  i will outline my application to the bundestag faction tomorrow , and to the party leadership on the weekend ; this sunday afternoon i will outline the topics of our campaign in more detail , here in the willy-brandt house , and i cordially invite all of you to come . 
  as social democrats , we want to make clear that there is much at stake in these times . 
  there is a deep rift in our society , not just in this country , but in other european countries as well . 
  the european societies are drifting apart from each other - in fact , after the presidential election in the usa , one should say that all over the world , society is drifting apart . 
   there is great insecurity among the people and we must face this insecurity with courage and confidence . 
  we need this courage - and we have it . 
  the spd is a courageous party , and we want the confidence , which has led us today in these discussions , to be conveyable to all of the people . 
  we want to lead a campaign , which will endow us , as the social democratic party of germany , with the task to lead this country in the end - this country needs a new leadership in these difficult times . 
  we want the hard-working people in this country , who abide by the rules , to be able to live in germany safely and well . 
  we want things to be just and fair . 
  we want the people to feel respected . 
  that there is a secure future in this country for their children . 
  and that they can trust the democracy they respect to also give them the sense of being respected . 
   that they have the same chances in this society - every single family , every single man , every single woman , every single couple , every child - to fulfil themselves in this society . 
  we want - most of all - in these times of the self-proclaimed `` elites '' , that the people are judged by their actions and motives and not by their country of origin or their wallet . 
   the spd claims leadership in this country for these issues - and we want to transpose this leadership claim into votes as well . 
  that is the goal for the next eight months . 
  i come here to berlin as a politician who firmly believes that a functional europe is the baseline for peace and prosperity . 
  therefore there will be no `` europe-bashing '' with me . 
  there will be no agitation against minorities with me . 
  in this divided society , i firmly declare war on all populists and extremist enemies of our democracy and our system of values . 
  we will defend our social democracy and our open model as the social democratic party . 
  whenever democracy in this country was threatened , there existed a wall against the enemies of democracy . 
  this wall is called social democratic party of germany . 
   i will speak in detail - and therefore i ask you to please understand that i 'm not going into detail today - this sunday about how i will go into this campaign , supported by my colleagues and comrades . 
  i look forward to cooperating with you as well , ladies and gentlemen , to meeting you in the coming weeks and months , and to a campaign , which will , i believe , be exciting , interesting , and successful for the spd . '', 
  sorry for wall of text . 
  his first speech after his only opponent for the kanzlerkandidatur dropped out . 
  there is a longer one , that he held a few days after , but i couldnt find it with subtitles . 
  anyways not too much substance so far but then again , the vote is in the second part of this year . 
  i dont get it . 
  does anyone have data for turkey ? 
  * people that have voted for the spd in previous elections cmon man this is my second language , do n't be too hard on me . 
  brutalism architecture in western block countries always look like they were build because they were the cheapest option and i really hate it . 
  what are parameters for this list ? 
  units sold ? 
   many left-wingers would rather have merkel as chancellor than gabriel . 
  will have probably . 
  i project that a lot of spd-voters are going to vote cdu this fall . 
  it should be obvious that they 're not intended to be used in an actual war . 
   nice water of the aegean sea always seemed kinda salty to me . . 
   right triggered, 
  they are claiming they did . 
   so 51 % of the sample thinks that media literacy and critical thinking is so hard to do that a ministry of truth is needed ? 
  no they think people getting aggregated over lies is something that should be prevented by a federal ministry ... 
  how random is that map ? 
  di down in the netherlands , britain , italy , ireland and greece but up in germany , poland , basically central and eastern europe . 
  really seems like a problem with domestic politics here . 
  if every thread about baltics is about nordic , it doesnt come off like tongue-in-cheek anymore . 
   their front lawn ? 
  because it 's obvious hes saying it for votes . 
  it would have been more accurate to say sth like spd-voters ( who are probably overwhelmingly libertarians in the european/german sense ) . 
  i doubt people are complaining about that though . 
  do you understand the hipocrisy ? 
   typically like what the actual fn members would say thats what the jounalist was trying to play on : your own party members treated you and your ancestors badly , because of their name/ethnicity , how can you join them ? 
  left-greens-socialists would reach 42 % if vote was today . 
  i mean the smiley really makes me wan na puke unless its used ironically . 
  when we get italys check for the crimes of rome we 'll send it right to you , 
   patriots and nationalists worldwide need to stand with each other lmao, 
  do n't know about that . 
  poles probably get the most love on here after estonians ? 
  pls do n't try to explain this problem with racism . 
  maybe this helps  https://www.reddit.com/r/de/comments/4dkt66/what_do_germans_think_about_poland/, 
   the current slow down is due to crisis in constructions and lack of new investments . 
  apart that everything is unchanged . 
  did you ask yourself why that is ? 
   and lastly how weak poland is a trouble for lithuania ? 
  it is not weak and poland does not affect or cares about some random eastern state as you probably would wish . 
  you are contradicting yourself in this one . 
  polan stronk !, 
  but it does not affect one of its neighbouring countries ? 
  5 % of lithuanian exports are going to poland so obviously less growth and uncertainty there will affect the economy in lithuania . 
  bild is mostly pro-american though . 
  uh oh out of the first 30 countries 26 are european ... 
  or more ... 
  mfw vestager punishes them real good . 
  there are 2 orbans . 
  one for the people and one for the country . 
   poor little russia lmao, 
   because everyone should have moral standards . 
  especially powerful companies . 
  but of course quarterly earnings are more important than human lives . 
  high dividends are the end goal after all ... 
  i mean i like your utopia , but it just is n't realistic ? 
  a pure on profit working business is almost always gon na edge out a rival that tries to look at what is best for the whole of humanity . 
  that 's just reality in our system ? 
  - `` it is what we were asking for basically '' says christaen paes from the international conversion center in bonn . 
  but the company is doing it because of government restrictions not because it wants to act morally . 
  - `` h&k is jumping on a driving train ( ? ), 
  ( less weapon exports to `` sketchy governments '' ) , which is legitimate but not altruism/philantropy ( just incorporate `` gutmensch '' into english already . ) . 
  try to look at it from a bright side . 
  if you want companies to act morally , then vote for a government that forces them to . 
  the government is doing the shooting ... 
  anecdotical , but still an example what harm the government can cause on h&k : http://www.dw.com/en/report-arms-maker-sued-germany-over-saudi-arabia-exports-license/a-18815794 this stuff can cost the company millions , i guess they do n't like the uncertainty . 
  yeah looks like turkey mostly buys licenses https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/modern_equipment_of_the_turkish_land_forces, 
  - hard to get licenses from the government to be able to export - public backlash,
