  unifications with other countries always has his good and bad sides . 
  the opinion of the slovakian people will matter because they are in the eu . 
  loosing sovereign power is not as bad as it sounds imo . 
  i meant the members of the eu . 
  the view on problems and wars has to be discussed properly so one general opinion can be formed . 
  well yes that 's the problem ... a unified foreign policy would definetely help in situations like this . 
  i hate that the european countries ca n't find a way to bundle their opinions instead of every nation shouting out theirs to the world . 
  when berlin was divided many banks and companys left west-berlin . 
  production on the east side was inhibited by state-directed economy . 
  [ short wiki article ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_berlin ), 
  how does his word support my view on the whole thing ? 
  how do you even know what my opinions is ? 
  my answer does not represent reddit-europe so do n't make conclusions based on it  but i agree with you , what he says does n't mean much . 
  however i have to support the top comment in his thread . 
  is n't it possible that that is true ? 
   he 's in a very difficult position . 
  while the events in ukraine serve his propaganda ( see what happens when you try and make a revolution ) , they make a very dangerous precedent for belarus , but denouncing russia can only anger putin . 
  do n't you think that you are overreacting a bit ? 
  your opinion seems to be influenced by stereotypes and hate . 
  decisions need to be based on rational arguments . 
  otherwise war breaks out to easily . 
  the baltic countries will be the focus if putin manages to annex the east of ukraine and the east of moldova . 
  so finland is pretty safe . 
  i think that the west has to increase their sanctions because there is no military option imo . 
  the problem is that we do n't want to hurt ourself so the west is in a pretty bad situation and everyone knows it . 
  but my guess is that destroying the russian economy is possible and the invasions will eventually backfire . 
  not sure about my opinion thouh . 
  it 's about the people in belarus . 
  they matter . 
  if you want to negotiate on an international level you need to have evidence although everyone knows to whom the militia belongs . 
  well she is probably the most important or influential woman in the world so i do n't know what you want to point out . 
  this has been discussed immensely on reddit and in the end , more than often all agreed that putin wo n't risk a war he ca n't win ( against the nato ) . 
  your approach to this topic seems to be irrational and affected by world war 2 although germany is a completely different country now . 
  all militarism was thrown away and patriotism is still frowned upon . 
  the nato is our biggest friend right now , 
  na . . the problem is that it is unsure what they would have been used for . . probably not for self-defence - . -, 
  do you mean replacement or sth like that ? 
  well that makes sense . . although i never witnessed a big discussion about whether the climate change is true or not . . atleast not in germany, 
  have you any evidence for your claim , that there are social media manipulators in the west who operate like the russians ? 
  he is on mobile . 
  wiki tells me that there are n't even 15 thousand refugees in turkey , but the statistic probably does n't take the syrian refugees in the south into account . 
  [ this source ] ( http://data.unhcr.org/syrianrefugees/country.php?id=224 ) tells me there are 1.75 million registered refugees in turkey so your guess might not be off too far . 
  interesting . 
  why is n't '' republika srpksa '' part of the country 's name although it makes up for half the size of it ? 
  ( sorry for possible misuse of ' please correct if needed . ), 
  where else do you find bosnian lands if not inside the bih federation ? 
  clear up plox . 
  get your flair right m8 . 
  for the sake of my hair i avoid political discussions with my hairdresser . 
  love the name of the company , 
  exactly . 
  i would like to now that . 
  otherwise it just looks like conspiracy to me . 
  there was a plot ? 
  fair enough . 
   alright , then tell me why noone calls the cdu populist ? 
  or at least merkel , since she was switching sides like a tennis ball in a match of tennis . 
  debatable opinion for me but i did n't say anything against that in my previous comment . 
   as i have seen in germany , either you have the lefties or just the `` old '' parties , which are all almost the same . 
  the afd also seems to be the only party to have a different opinion about mass-immigration ( and i would support them , if there were n't other issues ) . 
  fair enough . 
  what would you call it ? 
  the afd is n't even close to be in a position of power ? 
   at least the title does n't say that the afd is a `` right populist '' party , as most of the german media does ( which is bs ) it is almost the definition of a populist party . 
   well , this is what happens when there is no opposition and there are only two extremes . 
  could you elaborate on that ? 
   another entire chapter called `` gender mainstreaming '' , i kid you not  this is what this party openly admits in their public party manifesto . 
  this is the whitewashed version they consider appropriate enough to share with the world . 
  whoever votes for afd despite it implicitly supports it . 
  i do n't like them but these parts stand out as not completely objective . 
  good work nonetheless . 
  some people might consider your opinion as `` bad '' . 
  to me this manifesto feels like the afd wants to revert all the social progress made in germany since the sixties . 
   v\u00f6lkisch-nationalist thought , radical economic liberalism , socially reactionary ideas i do n't like this at all . 
  what election are you talking about , when you say that cdu/csu will be the strongest parties again ? 
  it is n't even possible to vote csu today . 
  this has to be satire . 
   but id bet most germans do . 
  never said anything against that . 
  if i dont see myself as a part of a people why would i want to secure the secure the interests of said people ? 
   the best country for a nation is their own nation state . 
  do n't understand this sentence . 
  why would i feel this way ? 
  any scientific evidence for that claim ? 
  did you learn german in school ? 
  i envy your ability to speak three languages . 
  we might have diferent definitions of `` natural '' . 
   love of your nation is natural ?? 
  your examples do n't make much sense to me . 
   it 's a great country in spite of its leaders and nationalist guilt . 
  the opposite is the case . 
  the world average is still too high . 
  the same applies to france ... or most western european countries, 
  what does the green beam show ? 
  i do n't understand its meaning . 
  a country as a whole should never be hated . 
  what i meant was that the attack would be stopped at the security gate . 
   that strawman thats how i understand your comment . 
  maybe i implied to much with that . 
   eu leaders have seen an opportunity in the refugee crisis , they have n't engineered , but they have see how they could take fully advantage of it and advance their agenda .
