no ragrets *, 
  problem is . . even if you get a relatively high wage the prices for a living will also be relatively high so that will even out in most cases, 
  yeah ... not going to happen . 
  oh yes it is . . especially beach volleyball, 
  [ jim laheys infamous shit analogies ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hcqw04aq_ok ), 
  huh ? 
  i thought the netherlands even closed jails bc they had n't had enough prisoners to fill them ? 
  just there to troll you :d, 
  my guess is that he just forgot to press shift while typing it , 
  yes . . it is '' das reich '', 
   along with them , units of the u.s. army as well as the armed forces of bulgaria , croatia , estonia , italy , latvia , poland , romania , serbia , slovenia and sweden will participate in the exercise . 
  did n't know that nato countries exercise with the serbian military . 
  sweden ? 
  yes i knew that sweden works together with nato but serbia . . new for me ... my perception of serbia might be wrong . . and oh yeah . . how come they train on german ground without german forces . . did n't we get invited ? 
  look on which side the cars stand . 
  i explained what the source wants to say . 
  the source does n't want to say that the gas is from the provinces called holland but the country holland = thenetherlands . 
  they are the `` montagsdemonstration people '', 
  https://www.facebook.com/anonymous.kollektiv?fref=ts for them germanys government is comparable to hitler because it also wants to wage war in europe . 
  i will compare the answers to the german anonymous site . 
  it 's amazing how much opinions can differ from each other . 
  probably `` leut '' or `` leute '' in german, 
  huh ? 
  i thought you are fixing the damage right now ? 
  i also like it . 
  you can get the sense although the grammar is pretty bad . 
  but i heard that translators get better everyday so in the not so distant future we will have no problems reading articles written in another language . 
  / r/thatshallnotbenamed ? 
  did a presentation about you in school . 
  saw you as a mix between slovenia and serbia . 
  nice beaches . too much corruption but on the right way to became a superior european country :d, 
   german states uh, 
  so you live in the north ? 
  you just spit on the whole historical architecture of germany . 
  they are durable and beautiful . 
  i normally do n't react to insults concerning germany but this made me furious !!, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/golden_twenties basically only a few years after inflation and before wall street crash . 
  so many awards ... they do n't really feel like awards anymore if there are so many : s, 
  people often ask for sth else than politics and stuff and it doesnt violate the rules ( i think ??? ), 
  so you should be good . 
  glorious world war two past ?? 
  i thought the usta\u0161e goevernment collaborated with the nazis ? 
  thats glorious ? 
  just did a little bid of research and i can not believe it !, 
  israel basically forbids that palestinians who are married to israeli can live together . 
  they have to leave the country if they do n't have an israeli passport . 
  maybe not scared but they really really really really do n't want that to happen . 
  i think most countries in the world prefer a two-state based solution and picking sides in that conflict would hamper the progress towards that goal . 
  limitation of freedom , individuals might be chosen based on their appearance . . just some thoughts , 
  [ some people just like them . 
  ] ( http://wac.9ebf.edgecastcdn.net/809ebf/ec-origin.dmv.barstoolsports.com/files/2014/02/cartman-tears.gif ), 
  to be fair since no one ever really fucked himself you have to admit that it would be atleast interesting, 
  iirc they build a pretty big bridge + tunnel ? 
  someone else this time plx, 
  maybe today but iirc the term was coined during the cold war when western countries were labeled as first world countries the eastern bloc second world and the rest third world countries also known as unaligned nations . 
  wiki : http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/third_world, 
  the few places we found were in such a bad spot . 
  atleast the french and the brits got a nice sunburn from staying too long !, 
  [ wiki tells me that germany has won 4 out of 7 games against england in the world cup ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/england%e2%80%93germany_football_rivalry ), 
  mabe you are merkel and you try to hide it by saying that anyone on reddit could be her , thinking that no one would suspect that you are her . 
  you almost got me filthy chancellor . 
  did n't know that ... thanks , 
  sorry but how are britain and france more `` experienced '' in defending themselves than germany or the rest of europe . 
  ww2 was 70 years ago , i do n't think you can take much from then since military equipment changed and developed so much . 
  while our budget for the army is considerably lower i still do n't think that point is valid . 
  you do n't consider yourself as europeans ? 
  or colmar . 
  was there once and it pretty nice compared to smaller ones in my area . 
  why ? 
  she will find a way to please everyone who is important . 
  the video provides some really nice background knowledge by explaining historical events and geopolitical interests . 
  like it , 
  for example ? 
  so much hate ... 
  how serious are the movements in the particular regions ? 
  was unaware of that . . thanks, 
  everyone has got a nationality ? 
  what does your passport say ? 
  it was kinda sad . 
  these people had real ambitions but got crushed by conflicts in the party . . 
  go on r/eurosceptics . . 
  this subreddit is really pro eu in general and people get downvoted for saying that their country should leave the eu etc. 
  why would you never vote for the pirates ? 
  just curious :d, 
  i think the people who handed out these flyers were not instructed by the russian government . 
  they probably took action on their own because they are anti-semitic pricks . 
  it might be the price for the loss of russian influence in ukraine . 
  it is not nice to say that towards people who are affected by the annexation ( translated by leo.org . . sounds strange to me ) but i think you have to accept that international politics do n't care about a few residents on a peninsula in the black sea :(, 
  i do n't know much about the political landscape in france but to my mind the ump is and was a rather center-right party . 
  do you mean the front national party ? 
  the article adresses germany only once directly . 
  do you think the whole german foreign ministry is corrupt ? 
  is this why it has to lose it 's `` leader '' role ? 
  could you elaborate on that ? 
  yeah you are probably right ... the position france and the uk are in right now is too good to be abandoned for the sake of unity . 
  i was kinda naive , 
  i agree with you . 
  it is unlikely but is it impossible ? 
  i think it would help handling situationen like the crimea crisis .
