for a moment i thought rotherham had gone way upmarket , then i found my glasses . 
  my mistake . 
  lithuanian ? 
  it 's possibly the most french thing i can imagine . 
  interesting in romania 's case as the mostly ` uninhabited ' area is the carpathian mountain range . 
  denial . 
  i did it !!, 
  even if the ballot included the tories ukip and the bnp . 
  that 's reddit for ya , answering the important questions before you can even think of them . 
  confirmed , know 5 hungarians , three of them are blonde . 
  know 3 estonians , all of them blonde including the one who changes hair colour every week . 
  as you can likely tell , i sucked at french !, 
  given the age of the course on french i did at school , this explains why every guy seemed to be called phillipe and every girl auralie . 
  i remember reading that it had something to do with the way the polish pilots were trained . 
  the aircraft they had been trained and flew back in poland were slower and the guns not as powerful/accurate but they were more maneuverable , so the pilots were told to flly in much closer to the enemy in order to deal much more damage and then get out quick . 
  stick that mentality inside a much more advance aircraft with more advanced , powerful and effective weaponry and you have an exceptionally effective combat squadron . 
  source : worked with the daughter of one of the pilots for 3 years . 
  only goulash i 've ever had was made by a slovak , he said they made it back home all the time . 
  ahhhh , carnat ... 
  i miss them :(, 
  i know two of the people in these photographs !, 
  actually i 'm enjoying life right now ... 
  that 's all well and admirable , but when a corrupted , tyrannical but unified force is stronger and knocks at your door ready to destroy your great society and cherished democracy and you stumble and respond with weakness , what 's the point ? 
  that last part made me chuckle , the rest was remarkably accurate and similar to here depressingly enough . 
  i 'm a student and i 'm awful with children . 
  believe me , it was awesome and i had a great time overall !, 
  and i actually plan on going back this summer , my so 's cousin is getting married so i 'm damn excited to see a romanian wedding , i 've heard plenty about them !, 
  also , i loved the time i spent on the beach in vama veche and costinesti , the south east ai n't so bad i guess :p, 
  should point out that megabus is great if you like being late and you are under 5 ' 8 '' otherwise on any journey lasting longer than 2 hours your knees are done for . 
  i agree with this entirely , i visited romania summer of 2012 and took a train from bucharest to predeal ( we found accommodation there trying to get to peles the next day ) and on the train the conductor was clearly taking cash for himself and letting these gypsies just pile on to the point where the corridors were packed . 
  we went to find our seats and found them already occupied by gypsies who claimed we were in the wrong seats after another conductor asked them to move they did , though it did n't stop nearly 2 hours of nasty looks . 
  plus it cost a fair bit for what you got . 
  the buses though were quite pleasant and pretty damn cheap too . 
  exactly !, 
  seemed to work in yugoslavia for a long time . 
  edit : yes , i know it all turned sour in the end but that was mainly due to political/nationalistic factors . 
  the yugoslav army was made up of men from all different parts of the country and no-one invaded each other . 
  no one country had an army to invade with . 
  you sure you are n't talking about me ? 
  i do live in aberdeen !, 
  the one about tanning is rubbish , i just burned . 
  also , now i want cozanac dammit !, 
  there 's actually a [ website dedicated ] ( http://www.bucharestnotbudapest.com/gallery ) to bucharest/budapest mix-up 's . 
  according to this image , romania is credited with polonium 's discovery , i 'm confused . 
  edit : i was reading the numbers the wrong way round , at that point 'd been awake 22 hours , mistakes happen . 
  credit going to the daily mail and the current uk government , i hate all this bullshit . 
  a guy i know got arrested after throwing a coke bottle and nigel farrage at a protest in aberdeen . 
  other than local and stv reporting nothing was really said . 
  oh ukip , seriously , how do these idiots even get elected !, 
  this is the kind of thing i expect to hear from the us mid-west , not the uk !, 
  spent this video going ` oh !, 
  that 's peles !!, 
  i 've been there !, 
  and that 's brasov , i had coffee on that street ! ', 
  now i ca n't wait for summer when i go back :d, 
  ** uk ** newspapers have been eerily silent about immigration after the mass exodus from romania and bulgaria . 
  no way ... david cameron lying to british voters !, 
  scandal !, 
  20th century , the big bit 's , the first world war with the bosnian crisis , the assassination of archduke franz ferdinand and his wife and the subsequent skirmish . 
  a little on the interwar period , then the 1938 anschluss and the second world war . 
  then nothing . 
  contemporary , still very little , but i was lucky to have a classmate from innsbruck at university so i was taught a bit more about the country . 
  look at the history of england and wales , how they 're one country now after england kinda went ` yoink !, 
  you 're ours now ! ', 
  possibly should state that these ` classes ' were from a heavily accented finnish woman when i was 10 , nearly 20 years later and i 've never had to use it . 
  you try remembering things from when you were 10 . 
  i was forced to learn french :(, 
  not really , i had some german lessons in school , but was told to learn french instead after 8 months . 
  my level of german could indeed be likened to that of a kindergarten dropout an i had no idea what was going on here . 
  i always bring my empties to the bar , just seems like the decent thing to do . 
  wait , does n't finland drink ? 
  unless your portuguese , jump !, 
  romanians , as a uk national , i 'm sorry :( also , can we pleeeeaaaase stop responding to daily mail bullshit ? 
  exactly this . 
  i was part of a team doing the nijmegen 4 day marches a few years back and i had tried to learn a bit of dutch so i would n't look like too much of an ass when communicating with the locals . 
  nope , as soon as someone saw the patch on my arm , english all the way . 
  even the stoner who tried to tell me i was the spawn of satan for being in a military uniform spoke to me in english , for 40 minutes . 
  to be fair , the same thing happened when i went to france . 
  i spent weeks learning the language as well as desperately trying to remember my high school education . 
  get to france , everyone speaks to me in english . 
  i mean , it 's not that i do n't appreciate the effort , it 's just that i was really looking forward to speaking the local language . 
  my romanian is far from perfect , sorry . 
  i went last summer , no regrets whatsoever ... 
  probably would n't have if it were n't for my romanian so , but so very glad i did , ma dor de tine romania :(, 
  true dat , was asked if i was english last time i was in the us , i tried not to take offense . 
  just going to say it , the tank looks silly . 
  irish have whiskey , have you been to islay ? 
  the beer is ever so slightly cheaper than in romania ... 
  crossed the border on a vama beer run , that 's the only time i 've ever been there . 
  ` no-one expects the spanish inquisition ! ', 
  came here expecting a page full of borat references , i 'm pleasantly surprised . 
  anyway , here 's what i know ; many of the rockets sent into space outside of the us are launched from kazakhstan , [ one of them ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/science-environment-23140665 ) unfortunately exploded shortly after launch recently but with no reported injuries . 
  big on oil wealth , a few of the ` oligarchs ' made their fortune in the early '90s here . 
  islam , suppressed under communist rule , has made a huge come back . 
  also , there 's a khazak girl in my mech engineering class , possibly the brightest in the class and by gosh she is a stunner ... 
  from what i 've read and been told , the reasoning behind this is to somehow ` legally ' stem the flow of romanians and bulgarians from entering the uk . 
  after the 2004 enlargement of the eu the migration figures from poland and the baltic states was enormous !, 
  ( something in the region of 600,000 in 2004 alone , plus all the years since , not to mention foreign births in the uk ) to put it this way , the second most commonly spoken language in the uk after english is now polish . 
  as for the whole ` all of them are just gypsy ba **** ds ' , we all know this is n't true , only an idiot would believe it . 
  but shock , idiots exist !,
