  q : why is it good to live in estonia ? 
  a : because it would be a lot crappier to work in finland from latvia . 
   second most important after independence day so not really celebrated . 
  vii ar nat in polandball , hiir vii dount spiik laik d\u00e4t . 
  it 's also a matter of cultural identity . 
  we feel much more close to finland than the eastern-european countries . 
  many of us estonians feel more nordic than baltic or eastern-european and it 's great to see us recognised as such . 
  for finland it 's sauna . 
  they got it from the estonian tribes . 
  i find your comment a bit insulting . 
  what bad things did you expect that you were positively surprised ? 
  actually they have . 
  [ official blizzard video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvzlnqdmgdc ) . 
  oh , i did n't know that greek was pronounced like that . 
  i can read some greek as a biproduct of learning cyryllic . 
  yeah , do n't get me started on how russians choose nicknames ... 
   yrj\u00f6 , from greek ge\u00f4rgios . 
  how in hell do you get yrj\u00f6 from that ? 
  you p\u00f5drad are crazy !, 
  i 'm learning finnish right now . 
  english sounds like drunk dutch people trying to speak french . 
  google translate gave me : il ce , compagnon ? 
  but it could be faulty . 
  are n't you gon na gon na translate this to french ? 
  thank you for debunking my idea . 
  i ' t seemed decent in my head , but i can see faults in it now . 
  by that i meant some grownups can be quite reckless with their votes like teens would , for example : my mother as an adult voted for some random guy because he was handsome and now when shes married shes basically a pawn of my fathers political ideas . 
  tl ; dr : teens should n't be allowed to vote and some adults either . 
  are n't there any online language learning penpal groups or something where you could practice ? 
  maybe there are some universities where you could learn ? 
  i myself enrolled to finnish classes some time ago . 
  if you 're serious about learning look those groups up . 
  doese n't it seem quite tedious ? 
  where is brian ? 
  oh pardon wrong place . 
  we have ? 
  damn , i should get my memory checked lol . 
  it has been fun talking to you lately . 
  how 's your pipe dream going ? 
  you might not have much to say about stuff here , but it 's a good place to practice writing estonian , i doubt that you have many oprotunities to do that in the us . 
  if you 're such a eestiphile then why have i never seen you on / r/eesti ? 
   i am an estonia weeaboo . 
  you might not be as nordic as us , but you 're alright !, 
  yuo of usings `` c '' . 
  yuo being of kapitalist spy ? 
   minorities russian minorities ? 
  if any baltic country is nordic it would definitely be estonia . 
  edit : seems that some people agree with me . 
  as an estonian i also have no bloody idea what that was . 
  russians are much better at this than the english . 
  how the fuck do you get sasha from aleksandr ?!, 
  the estonian one does n't have any connection to tools like this map suggests . 
  it 's an estonian word for an egg too and munad ( plural ) means balls . 
  bir tawil is already claimed by some american dude for his daughter . 
  hahaha . 
  stuupit finns k\u00e4nt spiik guud inglish laik as !, 
  damn six toed latvians !, 
  can you link us the original ? 
  mind telling that to the russians in estonia and latvia ? 
  for anyone interested heres an [ estonian article about it and the comedy clip ] ( http://news.err.ee/v/international/3d2d6b90-de41-42c2-b9eb-59e40123d656 ) in english . 
  [ and heres the russian article ] ( http://www.vesti.ru/doc.html?id=2400191# ), 
  canada knows what 's up . 
  as far as i know we do n't have any . 
  i tried googling `` satiiriajakirjad '' ( satire newspapers ) , but the only results were about charlie hebdo . 
   eastern european triggered . 
   languages are culture , the way how you speak influences the way how you think and perceive . 
  does language itself really directly influence how we think ? 
  do me and you think differently just because our languages are unrelated ? 
  and do i think more like a finn since estonian and finnish are related ? 
  do you have any sources on that ? 
  fun fact : belarusian was once written in the arabic script by the lipka tatars who settled in belarus . 
  well if it keeps out the hippies it 's no problem !, 
  wait seriously ? 
  if that 's so then it 's not as good as i imagined it . 
   so basically he wants estonia to become an european singapore . 
  singapore is one of my favourite asian countries , so if we could turn estonia into a slightly improved european singapore with less `` total survailance '' then that would be great . 
  russian . 
  in estonian it 's `` vinn '' because we can not into f. 
  i do n't think they even aired here . 
  when i was in finland i could have very easily forgot that swedish is an official language if it was n't written on absolutely every product . 
  other than that i did n't hear * any * spoken by an actual person ( granted i was mostly in central finland ) , but i did unexpectedly hear estonian and russian a few times . 
  there is an ikea only about 80 km out of tallinn . 
  in estonia estonian is 69 % :(, 
  that would require iceland to have foreigners living there . 
  of course there are a few poles and danes and maybe a couple asians , but for the most part icelandic is everyone 's mother tongue . 
   p.s. 
  i know we are not really part of indo-european language family . 
  neither are we , but who gives a shit about that ? 
  this is a map about the word easter in europe and surrounding areas and you 're welcome here too . 
  only balls . 
  never heard anyone use the word to mean penis . 
  makes sense tho . 
  fanny does refer to female genitalia . 
  ^ ^ at ^ ^ least ^ ^ on ^ ^ this ^ ^ side ^ ^ of ^ ^ the ^ ^ pond, 
  and do n't forget the traditional travelling garb of the americans which consists of khakis , a hawaiian shirt and a camera necklace . 
  a dowry is something a man gives to his future bride , right ? 
  if so , then no . 
  that 's just what they wear when they 're at the age of marrying . 
  by kebabs do you mean the turkic people ? 
  there are multiple turkic languages that use cyrillic .
