  germany , however , is saddled with berlin , the capital of losers . 
  berlin is -- by a long margin -- the german city that is home to the greatest number of assholes . 
  german rail , the german parliament , air berlin and the axel springer publishing house are just a few examples for the incompetent kind of scum harbored by this city . 
  the glory times are long gone , the city has hit rock bottom . 
  the typical berliner is a lazy bastard . 
  character traits that are considered dead give aways for laziness , coldness , incompetence , dissocial personality disorder and idiocy in more civilized cultures , are a source of pride for berliners . 
  another central feature of the berliner 's psyche is an extreme inferiority complex . 
  that 's why berliners project massive feelings of hate on everyone that is in some way better than themselves . 
  the southern germans -- superior to the berliner in all aspects of life -- are a thorn in their side . 
  they envy the southerners ' success and munich is the city that is most heavily despised , because that city is everything and has everything that berlin can only dream of . 
  the fact that the berliners ' antisocial existence is only financed by the munichers is irrelevant . 
  the berliners believe that this is their god given birth right . 
  the berliners wallow in their parasite-like existence and praise their supposed global city , instead of fighting the lethargy that comes about as a result of their envy and jealousy by sprucing up their community . 
  in terms of cultural life , there is nothing noteworthy about berlin . 
  the era of great works is long past , so the berliners consider something as trivial as the pronunciation of the letter `` g `` with a `` y '' sound as a great cultural achievement . 
  advanced learners even know how to add a `` wa ? '' ( the german equivalent to the canadian `` eh ? '' , just more trashy ) at the end of each sentence . 
  the culinary traditions of berlin are not worth mentioning . 
  a sausage made from mechanically reclaimed meat with ketchup and curry spice is sold as a `` currywurst '' and considered a culinary stroke of genius . 
  no sane human being would ever see a sausage slathered with ketchup as the holy grail of the art of cooking -- hell , most would n't even consider it a proper dish . 
  but in their magnanimity , the rest of germany lets the berliners hang on to their delution so as to not increase their inferiority complex any further . 
  berlin is an economic disaster at a scale that makes even the old socialist gdr look good . 
  if the universities are to be believed , the economy of berlin is based on `` alternative '' blogs , something something about media and gender studies . 
  despite its dire financial situation , berlin indulges in prestigious projects such as the rebuilding of the downtown chateau and an airport that should be seen as an art project due to its utter lack of functionality . 
  at the same time , berlin is home to the headquarters of all major parties , which should all be seen as traitors to the people and have n't added this to their official names only for marketing reasons . 
  the lord mayor of the city was for a long time the oh-so-funny wowibear ( klaus peter wowereit ) , who doomed every even somewhat presentable aspect of the city with his `` prestige and prosecco '' style of politics . 
  to put it in a nutshell : berlin is the trailer park of germany . 
  berlin is to germany what greece is for the european union . 
  and if berlin had open sewage , it would be the romania of germany . 
  berlin is a mark of shame , a zit on the ass of germany . 
  berlin is the guy who turns up to your party without an invitation , who does n't even bring alcohol , and who does n't get that he is n't welcome even if you clobber him up until he loses some teeth and push him down the stairs . 
  berlin is the detroit of germany and should be sold to poland for 200 z\u0142oty . 
  maybe you 're just so far left that our left seems like the right to you . 
  it 's a matter of perspective , to some we 're liberal cucks . 
   i wonder if a child transitioning in europe is as controversial as it is in america . 
  i think something like that is unheard of in estonia and would result in controversy . 
  it seems like all great german men have actually been austrian . 
  yeah , statistically middle aged people are the most likely to speak finnish , but of course there are exceptions . 
   then estonian has some strange choice of words such as r\u00e4\u00e4kym\u00e4 for talking which in finnish means sounds that baby or whining adult does when they cry annoyingly . 
  you know that puhuma means to blow air in estonian ? 
   estonian seems as if it is an odd mixture of old finnish , german and totally unrecognisable words . 
  it 's weird that you describe it being similar to old finnish , since finnish is the more grammatically conservative one and uses a lot of vocabulary that is considered archaic or dialectal in estonian . 
  for example most estonians would know that susi means wolf and s\u00e4ng means bed , but would normally use the words hunt and voodi instead . 
  kinda like dutch and german , but maybe slightly less intelligible . 
  i ca n't really compare them like that cause i do n't speak dutch or german , but i 've heard it 's similar . 
  this is what i know about the estonian border areas ( note that i have never actually been to them ) * near the latvian border older people usually communicate in russian and younger people in english . 
  * the north eastern parts of estonia near russia are majority russophone so there is no language barrier between the two sides of the border * also while tallinn technically is n't a border region , it is only 80km from helsinki , which means we have a lot of finnish tourists who usually comminucate in english or finnish or some kind of pidgin based on those and estonian . 
  you mean with the swedes ? 
  why ? 
  i mean you basically speak different dialects of the same language . 
  oh look at mister lingua franca here with his 10 million speakers . 
  mine only has one million . 
  i see them relatively often when i visit sweden or finland , but very rarely here in estonia . 
  i 've never done one although , i do think that they 're somewhat interesting , but i 'm not sure if i want to pay money so they could confirm that i am in fact 90 % estonian . 
  [ toomas hendrik ilves ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/toomas_hendrik_ilves ) - previous estonian president who was born in stockholm , sweden and raised in the united states [ dave benton ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dave_benton ) - musician from aruba who represented estonia in the 2001 eurovision song contest and won [ mika ker\u00e4nen ] ( https://fi.wikipedia.org/wiki/mika_ker%c3%a4nen ) - writer from finland daniel levi - american singer, 
  what about m\u00e4kki ( gert kaasik ) ? 
  i hear he 's popular in the finnish rap scene . 
  to be fair the germans have been a huge influence in the baltics at least on par with the swedes , danes and russians if not even more , but that is often forgotten because it was so long ago . 
  i kinda answered it in my reply to the current top comment . 
  we like to be grouped together more with northern europe ( not exclusively with the nordics ) than with russia and eastern europe , but the `` eesti can into nordic '' thing is exaggerated on the internet . 
  i believe he 's talking about ethno-linguistics . 
  this whole estonia is nordic thing is much more prevalent here on reddit than in real life . 
  in real life it 's more like this : we do n't like to be thrown together with eastern europe and russia because other than the russian influence we do n't have that much in common with them as we do with the neighbouring northern european countries ( especially finland ) and we want to move away from the slightly negative connontation of `` eastern europe '' . 
  not really . 
  i identify the most with finns . 
  although we are similar to the other baltic states due to our proximity and similar history there really is n't a baltic identity , atleast not here in estonia . 
  it is most often used in compound words like pohhui and nahhui , but hui may also be used by itself . 
  hui is an estonian slang word that was loaned from russian . 
  it might come from russian , but it is also used in estonian . 
  i 'm learning finnish so i can speak with my younger finnish relatives and other people who do n't speak estonian or english . 
  and even if everyone could speak english they probably would n't do it all the time which would leave me out unless they translated to me all the time . 
  it helps me integrate with finns and i also enjoy learning and speaking it . 
  i 'd definitely be interested in one , but i would n't want to learn it . 
  oh and it can have our 14 cases . 
  what trait 's does it have from languages that are neither from the romance or germanic families ? 
  probably not a lot , maybe a little from celtic languages . 
  model minority ? 
  fucking asians raided and pillaged us for years !, 
  i know this is n't meant to be accurate , but that name does n't sound very estonian . 
  on a related note i used to play football with a guy named kaljo kull, 
  hui lai lee mean dick , wide , fireplace in estonian . 
  completely random , but slightly amusing, 
  not really , the only one i know of is saks ( german/saxon ) which is the 87 . most popular surname in estonia . 
  were these names given to people from the respective ethnicities ? 
  if so how did virolainen become such a common surname , was there a historic migration of estonians to finland ? 
  i think mispronouncing \u0161 , z , \u017e and f is very common . 
  i have often heard people say stuff like sokolaad , viniss , orants instead of \u0161okolaad , fini\u0161 , oran\u017e . 
  yes , but the sound exists only in loan words . 
  same in estonian : `` madalmaad '', 
  growing fruits and vegetables including potatoes in your garden is very common here . 
   it 's a capital . 
  but the capital is where all the important things go down and where the soul of the nation is . 
  those provincials are just jealous . 
  what 's wrong with london ? 
  i 've never been in the uk , but it seems like a very interesting city . 
  ye i bet they 've never seen a british stag party, 
   for example , tourists calling the uk england some even call it london, 
  that sounds completely normal for rural finland . 
  copy-pasted for all the lazy fucks on this sub : [ chorus  give happiness to your body macarena 'cause your body is for giving happiness and nice things to give happiness to your body macarena heeey , ... macarena !, 
  aaay !, 
  ( repeat once ) macarena has a boyfriened who 's called ... who 's called the last name vitorino , and while he was taking his oath as a conscript she was giving it to two friends ... aaay !,
