  mostly the same in estonian , but we do n't have a posessive suffix . 
  could you tell the difference between estonian and finnish ? 
  i 've already talked about this on this sub , but for example my ancestors ' surname was gr\u00fcnthal ( german for `` green valley '' ) , but they estonianized it into kase ( estonian for `` of the birch '' ) . 
  would have been nice if this map also showed the names . 
  we have like 10 words for bathroom . 
  so yeah ... 
  especially the language , which is n't even indo-european . 
  even we finnics ca n't understound you . 
  just listened to the australian song . 
  they should have won in my opinion . 
  did estonia also win because of a political reason ? 
  now when i think about it , it might have been because we sent a black guy \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  was n't it russia ? 
  do n't know , did n't watch the final . 
  what gimmic was russia trying to pull ? 
  oh , so utterly horrible :( nah man , i do n't give a shit . 
  i think what he meant was that they won mostly because of politics and not the actual song . 
   hmm clears throat speaks danish * ftfy, 
  that 's because i was on mobile . 
  yes , it 's pretty common here . 
  pick an american flair and edit the text to something like `` living in the uk '' or pick a european flair and edit the text to `` originally from america '' . 
  since there are n't any special american-european hybrid flairs , doing that is the next best thing . 
   or we could go back to the roots and try to figure out the proto-indoeuropean . 
  those are not my roots though . 
  think stephen colbert . 
  it 's euro english , mate !, 
  native speakers also often use their own regional dialect , while learners usually speak a more standard variety like general american or recived pronounciation . 
   english is also an official language in : cyprus , malta & gibraltar . 
  it 's not an official language in cyprus and gibraltar is still a british overseas territory . 
  yeah , but studies  anecdotal evidence, 
  portugal actually ranks relatively low on the english proficiency index , but still higher than spain , france , italy and some other countries . 
  i know , it was just a lighthearted joke about the differences . 
  irish english it is then !, 
   the answer to any `` why '' question when it comes to english is because the language is a bastardized mix of about 30 different things . 
  we 've got a semi-germanic base , an entirely redundant 800 year old french vocabulary , greek suffixes and prefixes , and latin grammar rules . 
  i get what you 're saying , but that 's a bit of an exaggeration . 
  english definitely does n't use latin granmar rules and most of the core vocabulary is germanic . 
   i honestly doubt that most fluent english speakers can actually explain what all the various tenses are . 
  we 've got an innate understanding , but if you asked someone who was n't still in school to explain what the pluperfect tense was or something , you 'd probably just get a confused look . 
  yeah , it 's the same with all languages . 
  just because i can speak estonian does n't mean that i can explain it to others . 
  why do you have so many tenses anyway ? 
  do n't you think 12 is a bit too much ? 
  we only have four : present , imperfect , perfect and pluperfect . 
  never heard of any of those . 
  actually i have never even read a book in english . 
  i get what you 're saying , but to most continental europeans british english is hardly any more local than american english is , since the english we 're most familiar with is the one we hear from american media . 
  sometimes you just have to do the needful . 
  you 're living the dream , bro !, 
   that 's the same as being from the u.k. 
  i believe it 's called england . 
  in my village we call a large hole in the ground a mountain . 
  i 'm not even joking . 
  it 's because children sled on `` mountains '' and since you can also sled in the hole , it qualifies as a mountain . 
  ca n't tell if slav or roman ... 
  without the americans saving your asses you would be speaking german !, 
   there does seem to be exceptions , such as finland and hungary . 
  must be the mongol genes . 
  there are bidets in finland and i think i once saw one in estonia too , never actually used one though . 
   in finland we have hesburger , which is basically a mcdonalds clone . 
  i think there are some in the baltics as well . 
  very common in estonia too . 
  hesburger and mcdonald 's are really the only big fast food chains we have . 
  edit : http://www.hesburger.com/restaurants?country=fi this map shows where all the hesburger places are located in . 
  there are actually five hesburgers near the north korean border in russia . 
  in estonian cinemas american movies are usually shown in english , but with estonian and russian subtitles . 
  even our president 's last name ilves means lynx !, 
  it is for the president 's wife . 
   confuse the uk and england all the time to be honest we do that too . 
  if you show some random bloke on the street the union jack , then they 'll probably tell you that it 's the flag of england . 
  i refuse to believe that . 
  paris is obe of the most known european cities . 
  english is listed as the most studied language in estonia , but there is n't even an english course for estonians . 
  is it because of russians in estonia learning english ? 
  in estonian kkk stands for frequently asked questions ( faq ) . 
  well if you at least understood it then that is amazing considering that i have never actually studied german and i just tried to make sentences with random words i had passively picked up . 
  how am i doing ? 
   why dislikes russia ? 
  lol i wonder why ... 
  yes , that 's what i meant . 
  i think it 's about the faroese whale hunting . 
   if you type `` esten sind '' , one of the suggestions is `` are estonians latvians ? '', 
  just counted my toes , nope i 'm not latvian !, 
  do n't know about today , but when we could choose ourselves estonian surnames , my great grandmothers parents changed their name from gr\u00fcnthal ( green valley ) to kase ( of the birch ) , in fact most people named themselves after trees . 
  well his whole character does revolve around being a gopnik . 
  but it 's not * my * language . 
  my language is estonian , just because i 'm able to speak english does n't make it my language . 
  the title of this post was clearly referring to native languages . 
  yeah . 
  what about it ? 
   the origin of our languages not my language . 
  well it is in colloquial english . 
  did you really make a meme about vowel harmony ? 
  nice . 
  you ca n't even learn english on an estonian base on duolingo , so i guess that it 's mostly russians who use it to learn english . 
  lol this is the second time today i see someone making a post like this . 
  no offence , but it seems that your idea is n't that original . 
  curonians were baltic tho . 
  that 's weird . 
  you * are * their only neighbour after all .
