  we also have konsum here in estonia . 
  yup . 
  my neighbor is a estonian from a siberian village . 
  is beer a cultural export ? 
  there 's many such words between estonian and finnish too . 
  est : vaip ( carpet ) - fin : vaipa ( diaper ) est : katsu ( look ) - fin : katso ( touch ) est : \u00e4mm ( mother in law ) - fin : \u00e4mm\u00e4 ( bitch ) est : surra ( to die ) - fin : surra ( to grieve ) est : halb ( weak , bad ) - fin : halpa ( cheap , inexpensive ) est : vaim ( spirit , ghost ) - fin : vaimo ( wife ) est : tema ( he/she ) - fin : t\u00e4m\u00e4 ( this ) etc. . . 
  no , but we have two other similar holidays where kids go door to door for candy . 
  umm ... hello estonia here . 
  yup the ensv . 
  in what oblast ? 
  it was just a joke , mate . 
  of course i know they 're balts . 
  according to americans i live in the balkans . 
  well you 're a slav !, 
  lithuania - like latvia , but more polish, 
  fucking swedes , just pissed on our flag and left , did n't even give us v\u00e4lf\u00e4rd . 
  neither geographical logic . 
  we call it the l\u00e4\u00e4nemeri ( western sea ) , but the finns call it the it\u00e4meri ( eastern sea ) . 
  estonian joke - q : why is it good to live in estonia ? 
  a : because it would be a lot crappier to work in finland from poland . 
  and if someone takes a piss on the snow , it will become the [ noarootsi flag ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/39/flag_of_noarootsi_parish.svg/2000px-flag_of_noarootsi_parish.svg.png ), 
  that 's how you vote ? 
  what the fuck are those papers for ? 
  pr is an hell of a drug . 
  quick someone make an argument !, 
  is veri fani . 
  what i mean is if latvia is cheaper than estonia then it would be smarter to let someone send you beer from latvia . 
  shut up spic , go back to mexico !, 
  sorry , but that does n't make much sense . 
  together as brothers . 
  it 's a good day to not be in the nordic . 
  they do n't have a very good reputation here . 
  some gypsies tried to sell rotten horse meat to us once . 
  eesti can into ? 
  are you a gypsy ? 
  i am happy for you . 
  why dont you have your slovenian flair on ? 
  i 'm not finnish . 
  when drunk . 
  i 'm actually from virumaa county so when i 'm in finland i 'm a virolainen and if i 'm in estonia i 'm a virulane . 
  the crusaders were trained and organised soldiers , estonians were ununified farmers who did n't even have metal . 
  it 's pretty amazing actually how we estonians could preserve our language and culture . 
  the old gods are very important in estonia , thats why we have a taara punkt in every store ( bilingual pun ) . 
  im a poor guy who wears socks and sandals , i guess im eastern european then . 
  remove . 
  paganism is very important in estonia , thats why there is a taara punkt at every store . 
  why does a swede give a shit about finnish anyway ? 
  is this in v\u00f5ro language ? 
  it means those other blokes i have to share a continent with . 
  i do , i was born in a christian family . 
  have an euphoric day my godless friend !, 
  estonia is one of the least religious countries in the world , so not at all . 
  a french subreddit for gays , now isnt this a bit redundant ? 
  see on tavaline soomlane . 
  what next , turkey can into nordic ? 
  ca n't even speak your own language right . 
  get some cheap booze and the moose will come to you . 
  works for us . 
  [ kui meri oleks \u00f5lu ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=haxrypxsgam ) - `` if the sea was beer '' . 
  it 's played every jaanituli ( midsummer 's eve ) . 
  no , i was talking about finns . 
  in estonian `` idikad '' means `` idiots '' , `` assholes '' . 
  heh , silly moose people , just what i expected . 
   apparently politicaly correct thing to do is to refer to their skin color , which just happens to be traditional symbol of all things evil in estonian `` must '' ( black ) also means dirty , so would that be better than neeger ? 
  i do n't think the estonian word `` neeger '' is offencive . 
  this is what my grandmother has told me : there was n't much to choose frrom the stores . 
  if you had connections you could maybe get banana from under the counter and that was considered an exotic delicacy . 
  if you wanted to buy something you had to have a talong - a piece of paper that allowed you to purchase an item . 
  religion was looked down on . 
  if you were religeous you could lose your job . 
  traveling outside the union was very difficult . 
   baltic countries have the closest dna to russians from all countries in europe . 
  you shut your blyat mouth !, 
  but let 's try anyway uk - cameron , prince charles , ozzy sweden - toomas hendrik ilves , astrid lindgren , abba singers finland - juha sipil\u00e4 , robin ( the singer ) , sofi oksanen , mika keranen russia - putin , pu\u0161kin , stalin ireland - lorna byrne , italy - mussolini , julius ceasar , pontius pilates denmark - hans christian andersen , germany - merkel , hitler ( sorry ) , turkey - ibrahim pasha , mustafa kemel atat\u00fcrk , etc. . . 
  i know much more , but in a forced situation like this they do n't come that easy . 
   does not imply that i do n't like other countries in europe like for example the baltic countries . 
  did you just call me baltic ?!? 
  and i thought five carts full of booze my finnish aunt took home with her was a lot . 
  you sea germans all sound the same to me . 
  still would n't say that it has `` utterly lost it 's powers '' . 
  finn confirmed !, 
  frozen was based on a story written by hans christian jakobsen a danish writer . 
  do n't know why it 's marked in sweden . 
  that 's not enough for you ? 
  some complexes only have one . 
  of course . 
   they basically think europe was once-glorious but has utterly lost its powers huh ? 
  where did they get that idea ? 
   i read about the finnish folks going over via a ferry to eesti . 
  sounds hilarious . 
  i 'd love to be part of such an excursion . 
  hahaha yeah . 
  when my finnish aunt came to visit us she went home with five shopping carts full of booze . 
  are we also in the nordics ? 
  ... eesti can into ? 
  please do . 
  pagan !, 
  well neither do i. 
  my church tower is bigger than your church tower !, 
  fuck you , mate !,
