mr. utopia that 's laughable !, 
  oh no you 've got me , you 've found me out !, 
  sorry i insult you with lack of negativity . 
  do n't jump to conclusions . 
   the us likes to repeat this lie to itself american culture is a ` melting pot ' of cultures . 
  it itself is a culture of cultures . 
  you clearly do n't realise that and i seriously ca n't be bothered to explain the last 300 years for you . 
   anglocised pseudo-french people try telling them that . 
  anglicised would mean that they would n't really speak french or identify as quebecois , or even try to secede . 
  anglo canadians , quebecois and native peoples live under one nation , therefore canada is a multicultural society/nation . 
  i do n't see canada falling apart or failing as a nation . 
  do you ? 
   is the * worst * example i know many south africans , both black and white , who state that it is nowhere near as bad as people think . 
  yes , racism exists , but it exists everywhere . 
  they are more understanding however , of other cultures and races , than people from more homogeneous communities , which proves multiculturalism has n't failed or is a negative trait of societies . 
  you should n't judge a country , or any group of people for that matter , because of a few bad apples , and if you do you live in one massive glass house . 
  please do n't throw stones , you might hurt yourself . 
   surprise surprise , 30 % of its population is muslim . 
  i get the feeling you already have some sort of predisposition against muslims , so i wo n't bother arguing . 
   what makes you think importing millions of third worlders would function any better ? 
  when and where did i say that ? 
   in the elizabethan era , people had trouble with catholics you can not compare modern society with 500 years ago . 
  furthermore , you are forgetting the political and historical causes that led up to the tension between catholics and protestants . 
  civil wars do n't occur purely because of a clash of cultures . 
   an anglo-french ` nation ' would n't work canada ? 
   impossible the us , canada , south africa and many others have been multicultural since their conception . 
  yes they 've had their problems , but not solely because of culture , and these countries still exist . 
  my point that multiculturalism is not a failure still stands . 
  you failed to see that those were examples used , that multiculturalism has brought these things to europe , not my entire argument . 
  no need to be rude . 
  again , multiculturalism is n't the only thing to blame . 
  different cultures do n't make most people feel uneasy , and you are deluded if you think so . 
  which is what my point and mr. putnam 's point was . 
  yes it makes a society more homogeneous , however it leads to a  new , diverse `` we . '', 
  the key word being diverse . 
  multiculturalism is n't just two or more different cultures living side by side . 
  it 's a society * sharing * multiple cultures , which leads to said society being less dysfunctional . 
  it 's not though . 
  absorption is not conversion in this sense . 
  it 's still multiculturalism . 
  it 's diverse . 
   embarrassing the united kingdom . 
  oh i 'm dreadfully sorry you feel that way . 
  i do n't care . 
  i 'm not deflecting blame from mass immigration . 
  i 'm saying it 's not multiculturalism that is only at fault . 
  which some people are solely blaming for socio-economic problems . 
  robert putnam 's ` hunkering down ' is the short-term effect of multiculturalism . 
  i qoute what he said to what the solution is :  so it 's not a matter of how many people are coming through the door ; it 's a matter of what we do once they 're here to make them part of a new `` us . '' that occurs in countless little ways -- in churches , in schools , in the workplace , in politics and in bowling leagues . 
  there are many , many places where we begin to develop a more welcoming and a more capacious sense of this new , diverse `` we . '', 
  being fearful of walking specific streets has nothing to do with multiculturalism . 
  it 's to do with crime and perceived crime . 
  i can go back to my home town in northern england and still be wary of walking down some neighbourhoods and streets , because i know crime often occurs there . 
  the people that live there are `` english '' however . 
  i can assure you walking down some streets in the tokyo metropolitan area may instil fear in some people . 
  your point has more to do with socio-economic problems ( education tying into this ) , and their effects , rather than multiculturalism , which is enjoyed by the majority of europeans . 
  londoners can go to a finnish sauna , berliners and go out to eat sushi and athenians can go to the park and do a spot of yoga etc. 
  this is also a part of multiculturalism , not just different peoples of differing values coming together . 
  how has multiculturalism failed ? 
  i hear this argument all the time , and do n't understand it because it 's everywhere and society just is n't falling apart at the seems . 
  the only reason it 's referred to as that is because of historical and political reasons . 
  it 's just another way of saying that all these countries share similar cultural traits , without referring to it as european . 
  i did n't say it related to anything you wrote . 
  i used it as an example , since most would refer to australia etc , being the closest countries related to britian culturally . 
  however , western culture is european culture . 
  they 're the same thing . 
  what we call ourselves is irrelevant , unless it 's patriotism . 
  culturally we are similar to europe ( the continent ) and to the rest of the western world , because the west is an extension of european culture . 
  european culture does n't mean one specific culture , because there is n't one . 
  using the word western is just as helpful as using the word european . 
  how is it less helpful ? 
  we are european . 
  british culture is a european culture . 
  one of many . 
  french culture is just as `` western '' as australian . 
  calling ourselves western does n't make a difference . 
  western does n't soley belong to the `` anglosphere '' as european culture is western culture , and vice versa . 
  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/western_culture ), 
  you missed my point . 
  the idea of europe is a cultural construct and british culture , has been a part of european culture for over a thousand years . 
  australia , canada etc , are an extension of british culture ( and others ) , and therefore an extension of european culture , as european culture encompasses many different cultures within itself . 
  these nations have also developed cultures that are unique in their own way , apart from british culture . 
  we are culturally european ** whether we like it or not . 
  ** historical ( the empire ) and present influences , along with island mentality , dictate what we british call ourselves , but we are still european . 
  we are also western i agree . 
  however so are the dutch and italians etc. 
  european culture is still distinct from those cultures . 
  just as european culture has various cultures within itself . 
  as i said , our culture has ties with other european cultures . 
  calling it western still does n't change the fact that we are european , or mean that we are more `` western '' than european . 
  the idea of europe or the west is a cultural construct . 
  western culture more or less is european culture . 
  so when you say our culture is more western , french or german culture is just as western as ours . 
  it 's two sides of the same coin . 
  it just does n't seem that way . 
  define western culture . 
  moreover , define eastern culture or southern culture . 
  we only call it `` the continent '' because we are an island nation . 
  islands are usually grouped to their nearest landmass.would you consider japan or taiwan not a part of asia ? 
  are the falkland islands or reunion part of europe ?
