what we need is a real transition plan . 
  so far right-wing politicians proposed to either close mines without any real plan or to act as if a coal-based economy was here to stay forever . 
  i grew up in silesia , my father worked in the mine . 
  i 've seen how devastating to the local communities uncontroled shutdown of the mines might be , but we know also that the move towards new green economy is inevitable and desirable . 
  we want to make it a planned move and the transition itself might take decades . 
  in the upcoming months we will publish our programme for energy transition , which will integrate the interests of workers in the energy sector , the need for ecological sustainability , and economic efficiency . 
  obviously , we can not forget that such a change will affect whole regions , so we will also show our plans of restructructuring their economics and jobs market . 
  1 ) the fact , that in 2017 we still do n't have any bill on war-time reimbursement is a disgrace . 
  one of the problems with the current state is the fact that decendants of the owners rarely stand any chance in court . 
  the main beneficiaries of war-time reimbursements in warsaw seem to be a few lawyers who managed to get the property rights from older people for peanuts or use some highly suspicious tricks to establish themselves as trustees of owners who have n't given any sign of life for decades ( and might have died during the war as far as we know ) . 
  introducing a law dealing specifically with this problem is one of our priorities . 
  the matter of post-war nationalisation of property should be finally settled ( it 's over 70 years after the war ! ), 
  as soon as possible . 
  on the other hand , speaking of the reimbursements , one can not ignore post-war changes in space - flats have new occupants , many former houses are now schools or other public buildings - so giving back the property might be extremly problematic . 
  obviously , paying reasonable compensations is an answer , regardless of the nationality of the former owner . 
  2 ) given our history we have to keep on working on building strong ties in respect of our mutual heritage . 
  student exchanges , cooperations in the fields of culture or science should be strengthen to ensure mutual understanding . 
  1 ) the fact that the media is divided is a result of a divided society . 
  even so this is not only a polish phenomenon . 
  media e.g. 
  newspapers always take a stand in politics . 
  you ca n't have a democratic society without this sort of political discrepancy , without a debate involving contradictory points of view . 
  the problem is that after the last election the public media , and public television in particular , took a hard swing by mutating into a propaganda machinery controled by the law and justice 's government . 
  2 ) we will work on easing up on hard beaurocratic procedures by enabling better communication . 
  this can be achieved with the help of building new channels and modern systems making it easier for people to access certain information and sorting paperwork . 
  3 ) there is a huge problem with the liberal opposition . 
  po and nowoczesna have recently been only concerned with fighting each other in their crooked strive for leadership . 
  the strenght of razem lies in our belief that the role of the opposition is not to merely attack the current law and justice government without having a real political agenda , but to propose an alternative to their nationalist , ultraconservative policies . 
  what the liberal opposition is proposing is basically to restore the status quo . 
  they completely ignore the reasons which drove people to vote for pis - the fact that they were underpaid and overworked . 
  we believe that fighting with the people for their rights is a much better course than fighting for an imaginery crown of `` leader of the opposition '' . 
  only if we support people in their own struggle and propose a vision of a more just , more equal and democratic society we can count on entering the parliament someday . 
  90 % of members of razem are completly new in politics with no connction tu church or postcomunist establihment . 
  we orginised exactly because we could n't stand the rule of same old `` big shots '' from both sides . 
  we are the party of democratic left and our aim is to oppose the rule of global corporations and international capital . 
  there are some things to be done at home but what we also need is strong , democratic europe . 
  we are for liberalisation of restrictive antiabortion law , easly avaliable contraceptives , decrimilization of cannabis , marrige equality . 
  we need social state that supports people in need . 
  taking care of growing number of elderly citizens will be sure the main challange here . 
  there was no easy way to do so . 
  seeing from todays perspective - propably they should but i would n't be to quick to judge greek government for not doing so . 
  the huge price to pay for this radical move would be paid by the greeks . 
  pis won because the people were frustrated and as a result of policy acted out by neoliberal elites . 
  in a short time pis became almost as arrogant as its predecessors ruling for the past 8 years . 
  they introduced some social reforms but in the long run they wo n't be able to solve bigger social inequalities arising in poland . 
  they have already proclaimed that 500 + was the last big social project and that right now they 're going to focus on helping big bussiness . 
  and obviously they are attacking women 's rights , spoiling our foreign relations , undermining the rule of law , and spreading hate towards lgbt community , migrants . 
  there is a huge group of people who voted for pis because they no longer wanted to be left behind because of neoliberal economic policies , but who do not support their authoritarian tendencies and ultra-conservatism . 
  there clearly is a place for social and democratic left in polish politics . 
  we need fair wages , open society and working state . 
  this are the things that only democratic left can bring . 
  i 'm not sure if experience in serving the rich and powerful , making money on politics , insiting hate for political gain is what we should be looking for . 
  and that 's the kind of experience most politicians in poland have . 
  we are the party of the people . 
  we want to be a fair representation of the society and not some selfserving political elite . 
  and looking at how our current parliament is doing , i 'm quite sure we can do it better . 
  even tomorrow . 
  the conflict between labour and capital is not a thing of the past - and as long as it exists , the division between economic left/right is a crucial one . 
  if being a leftist means anything , it is standing up for the exploited and the weak . 
  of course we 're for an open society , but it wo n't thrive if citizens do n't feel safe , do n't know whether they can pay their bills each month . 
  it 's not a coincidence that countries with strong welfare states tend to be the ones where societies are least sexists , homofobic and racist as well . 
  moreover , i think the fact that in the last decades the left embraced liberal economic approach is one of the reasons of the rise of right-wing populism . 
  right-wing populists are generally supported by the citizens who used to be considered the social base ( and voters ) of socialist and socialdemocratic parties . 
  and let 's be clear : they had good reasons to feel betrayed by traditional socialdemocratic parties who have chosen to promote third way , centrist positions . 
  but it should be clear that while right-wing populists may cherry-pick some left-leaning demands , their general approach to economy , labour market and so on strongly differs from ours . 
  they 're merely introducing some protectionist measures . 
  what we 're trying to achieve is to build a democratic economic system that does n't leave anyone behind . 
  you ca n't do that without empowering the workers and standing up to the financial elites . 
  and that 's something the right-wing populists are not eager to do . 
  one of the funniest and of course completely not true . 
  we are friends with hdp . 
  we fully suport the cause . 
  - since in poland extremely underfinanced . 
  that 's why we are planning to increace science spending up to 1,5 % in 2020 and 2,5 % in 2030 . 
  in 2013 it was less than 0,5 % . 
  - polish wages and it 's share in gdp is still lower than it could be even on our current level of industral developement . 
  we need to strenghten polish workers by enforcing prolabour laws and strenghtening these institutions which empose them and promote trade unions . 
  that should help for a start . 
  of course we need an active role of the state but not the one that helps only the corporate bussines but the one that puts the workers first . 
  - yes . 
  define winning ? 
  we have won quite a number of local struggles . 
  we have changed a lot in terms of how polish political sceene looks like and of course we 're campaigning to win even if it wo n't be the next elections we will win or even the next after . 
  because only the social left can defeat the populist right . 
  see what happened in the usa . 
  bernie sanders was much more likely to defeat donald trump than hilary clinton . 
  people chose pis not because it is so great but because of neoliberal policies that left a lot of them behind . 
  nope . 
  i ca n't wait to see santo subito after reading about it in cacao decomoreno, 
  if you consider 50 years of wage stagnation and growing inequalities ` good times ' then i think you may consider me as a part of the populist problem . 
  let me quote mahathma ghandi `` i think it would be a great idea . '', 
  and seriously , we need really democratic and social europe . 
  neoliberal one wo n't last anyway . 
  unfortunetly there is no safe return to nation state level . 
  not for poland for sure . 
  we need strong , democratic multinational institutions which are able to deal with global problems . 
  the eu could be such a force but it has to change . 
  kod is gradually burning out . 
  it was an impressive street mobilization , but it reached mostly middle classes and became politically dominated by neoliberals : po and nowoczesna . 
  it 's hard to imagine a more convenient opposition for pis .
