true . 
  come on , people , this is embarrassing ... you 'd think this is the comments section of the sun , or some other shitty british tabloid . 
  it takes several years for a new unit to reach full operational capabilities though , and its nothing that can be bought off-the-rack . 
  they have ordered several nh90s , and delivery was planned in 2008 . 
  but the nh90 have had many problems and production delays . 
  the first anti submarine helicopters are now expected to be ready for 2018 , with full operational capabilities in 2020 . 
  nh90 might be europe 's biggest military industrial failure . 
  sweden actually had to buy some blackhawks to use as medevacs in afghanistan , just to cover the delays in the nh90 programme . 
  i believe it . 
  putin 's disregard for human life is well documented , and those bombings came at a time when he needed an excuse for war . 
  it also consolidated his power . 
  i bet you 're also half-lying . 
  sounds like an opinion of sweden squarely based on news and comments posted on / r/europe . 
  you might want to broaden your horizons a bit , unless you want to stay ignorant . 
  both . 
  btw , this article has n't been x-posted to / r/whiterights ( yet ) , but to more obscure subreddit called / r/third _ position / -- which is linked to stormchan . 
  let 's all give three nazi salutes to the guys on the extreme right for coming up with new and creative subreddits !, 
  i love the seemingly daily concern that / r/europe has over sweden , especially from throwaway accounts , and x-posts to / r/whiterights . 
  meanwhile , sweden 's economy is still better than most . 
  but thanks for worrying about us , guys !, 
  i know we can count on you in the impending race war ... 
  the potential applications are apparently very broad , but like the article says , the greatest potential lies in the field of materials science . 
  you can read more about it on [ the official site ] ( http://europeanspallationsource.se/node/342 ) , or on [ wikipedia . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_spallation_source ), 
   which probably means visiting sweden at least 1-2 times a year except that 's not how it works -- at all . 
  you have to apply for social welfare fresh every month , and actively seek employment . 
  the social welfare office will usually check up on this , and can also demand that you participate in trainee programs or activities for the unemployed . 
  if you refuse to participate , you wo n't get any benefits . 
  it seems to me that you do n't know what you are talking about . 
  the checks are already extensive . 
  it 's a misconception that the local social welfare offices are lenient and pay out welfare to most everyone that asks . 
  that 's not how it works , and it has been like that for a long time . 
  probably his ex-wife posting on reddit again ... 
  no , member states are actually required to ensure that national policies are in line with agreed eu strategies and positions , especially the wto agreements ; this includes imposing sanctions on a country . 
  maybe you 're not aware of it , but we do have a common foreign and security policy , under which we are all supposed to act unanimously on trade sanctions ( excluding arms embargoes , i believe ) . 
  besides , it would n't be much of a union if all member states went ahead and did whatever they wanted . 
  first of all , the swedish foreign minister have been very vocal about ukraine and the government has pushed for tougher sanctions , but the point was that some lives seem more important than others , and these last couple of years have made it more obvious than ever that the economic interests of germany and france takes precedence over everything else in this union of ours . 
  sad , and since he had no connection to germany or france , my guess is that nothing will come out of this ... 
  i have a hard time believing this was posted to generate an honest discussion about rape , that 's all . 
  i also think this issue has been brought up and addressed numerous times before , so there 's really no need to post a three year old clip ... especially considering her message , and how incredibly ignorant this woman is . 
  what makes you think i have a problem discussing this issue ? 
  i will however not waste my time debating this issue with a bunch of xenophobes and dumbasses , like the woman in this clip , or idiots who believe she is an authority on the issue ... 
  but , since i 've already started this discussion , if you really want to learn something today ... 
  the conclusion of the study that i linked to is that gender equal countries have a higher disclosure of sexual violence . 
  which is in line with previous studies , showing that the number of reported rape in a country is dependent on ( 1 ) legal factors , ( 2 ) statistical differences and ( 3 ) substantive factors , meaning : 1 . 
  the legal definition of rape . 
  is it broad or narrow ? 
  sweden has , by all accounts , a broad definition of rape . 
  statistical differences . 
  sweden employ an `` expansive offence count '' to all violent crime , meaning that a gang rape will be recorded as multiple rapes , which is very unusual . 
  also , the crime reports are not culled or changed after the initial report has been filed , leading to a large number of crime reports being incorrectly classified as rape . 
  substantive factors . 
  this mainly refers to the willingness to report crime , which is dependent on social attitudes and the overall confidence in the criminal justice system . 
  * reported * rape , yes . 
  it does n't mean rape is a more common occurance in sweden , due to legal , statistical and substantive differences . 
  in fact , the latest victim study done by the eu tells us [ denmark has a bigger problem with rape ] ( http://www.france24.com/en/20140305-one-third-women-eu-victims-sexual-violence-crime-rape/ ) than sweden . 
  [ denmark -- the rape capital of europe !, 
  ] ( http://fra.europa.eu/sites/default/files/fra-2014-vaw-survey-main-results_en.pdf ), 
  this is about as relevant to sweden as a clip of a bnp representative complaining about muslims in the uk . 
  what is up with this subreddit 's constant hard-on for sweden ? 
  op , do n't you have anything better to do than dragging up an irrelevant three year old clip of a nutjob rambling on about our immigration policies ? 
  why do n't you spend your time focusing on improving italy , still one of the most corrupt countries in europe , instead of trying your best to smear sweden ? 
  pathetic . 
  except the pictured victim with a band-aid , denies any assault and says she had corrective jaw surgery . 
  this has now been confirmed by the swedish police and yet [ another swedish newspaper . 
  the original story , as retold by the algemeiner , came from israel 's nrg news , a.k.a. 
  let 's not all jump to conclusions just yet . 
  maybe it was a jar of [ penis fishes . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/65/echiura_in_korea1.jpg ), 
  i guess they can all hide behind the term `` selective sanctions '' . 
  it 's been painfully obvious from the start that ukraine is not that important , so screw international law and what 's right , profit comes first ... 
  all city limits are arbitrary , really . 
  that 's why we have a common definition for [ urban area ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_urban_areas_in_the_nordic_countries ) in the nordic countries , and there 's a [ statistical definition for large cities ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/larger_urban_zones ) in europe too ( luz ) , although that one is rarely used . 
  both are infrequently updated ... 
  modern trams are n't that noisy though , and trams has a higher capacity . 
  ( 7,000 passengers per hour for buses , and 10,000 for trams , with a double track it increases to 20,000 ) and while trams have a high initial investment cost , they have a very long lifespan , and usually low maintenance costs . 
  so with trolleybuses you get those ugly overhead lines , without all the benefits that comes with trams . 
  comparing it with a subway system is a whole other story . 
  subway transport is even more efficient and much much faster than trams . 
   or , here me out here , as a country with a shitton of forest , we should be able to manage a freaking forest fire on our own . 
  guess what ? 
  we put out forest fires every year . 
  you might not have heard of it though , because it has n't been this bad before ... 
  except those people are actually counted in the official unemployment statistics , and some people actually need help with that . 
  i know because i 've both hired people and i 'm currently unemployed . 
  you would n't believe how shitty some applications are ... also , forcing people to participate in courses motivates people into action . 
  what eu foreign policy ? 
  has n't it been made painfully clear since the very beginning of the ukraine crisis that there is none ? 
  it 's more of a joke than anything else ... 
  they do have some of the world 's top ranked roller coasters . 
  i guess you tried their latest ride , helix ? 
  i have n't tried that one yet , but it 's been getting [ great reviews . 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/rynkf41ltv0?t=47s ), 
  i keep wondering why some of our neighbours across the border seem to have an obsession about us . 
  true , there have been no `` consortium '' , but there 's a general consensus among the scandinavian population to use english as the primary second language , and not to dub * any * foreign films . 
  here 's why : 1 . 
  scandinavian languages are closely related to english , which is why it is fairly simple and logical for us to adopt and choose english as a second language . 
  that 's the single biggest reason why we tend to place in the top of english language skills , not the fact that we do n't dub movies . 
  your theory starts falling apart once you find out that some smaller countries do in fact dub foreign movies and tv series -- like hungary , apparently . 
  i also think you 're severely overestimating the cost of dubbing ; it 's not * that * expensive , and it 's not like sweden -- or the other scandinavian countries -- lacks the resources needed to do that .
