a real `` reisewarnung '' ( travel warning from the state department ) would be a huge deal !, 
  but as i see it it 's not a real reisewarnung by now . 
  also does n't appear on the [ official site ] ( http://www.auswaertiges-amt.de/sid_8e9403194239760fbb0298e9f68bdbef/de/laenderinformationen/01-reisewarnungen-liste_node.html#doc536872bodytext2 ), 
  soooo , how is it to life under a rock ? 
  or really late . 
  they have very generous opening hours . 
  we were there from 21-23, 
   they even included polish death camps i only saw the swiss death camp ... the dj bobo concert, 
  galia est divisa in partes tres ... or something like this . 
  uff , i hated it !, 
  do it !, 
   maybe the us needs some rest after all . 
  oh come on , they are only 242 years old . 
  that 's quite a youngling in terms of age of states . 
  i just hope it 's not just a flash in the pan and in a few weeks europe is back at bashin each other ... 
  well when you have no friends left ... 
  come over here , take a seat . 
  how do you like your coffee ? 
  well germany hates the netherlands every other year during soccer world cup and euro cup . 
  but it 's mostly tongue-in-cheek . 
   germany ... we treat our scientists well uhm , i have some bad news for you buddy ... 
  i love the stories of the `` 80 hour '' software engineer . 
  in my last job our project manager got in huge trouble when we software engineers worked more than 10 hours a day . 
  sure , you could argue with the union that it was necessary for some days , but try this for more than a week ? 
  good luck buddy !, 
  many might say this is bad for business , but hey if you have so much work to do it might be that your planning was bullshit or you should hire more employees . 
  do n't get me wrong , i love my job and i have no problem with overtime when it 's necessary but only to a certain extend ... 
  i moved a while back and know north and south aldis because i frequent ( ed ) both . 
  in my opinion they are absolutely interchangeable except the logo and some products . 
  both chains are `` ugly '' but for your day to day shopping both are nice for your pocket . 
  dumb question maybe , but do german cars that are produced in america influence the trade deficit ? 
  does a car that is produced in germany and imported to the us influnece the trade deficit differently than a german car produced in the us ? 
  and no `` roll\u00e4den '' , 
  [ our new home ] ( http://i.imgur.com/glpyzam.jpg ) it 's only 3 years old now and our little dream house . 
  sorry i have no front view at hand at the moment . 
  austrian living in germany here . 
  i would say they are quite identical . 
  sure you have the local specialities here and there but over all it 's quite the same for me . 
   that allows you to get more breaks to smoke compared to a non-smoker the same here . 
  it 's obvious ok to take a smoke break every hour but do n't try the same as a non smoker ... 
  as a young father ( well my son is young , me not so much  ) i would add parental leave as a huge bonus . 
  i took 3 months and my wife the rest ( 11 months , split up to 22 months for half the money ) . 
  it 's still a bit uncommon for fathers to take longer breaks for parental leave but it 's getting better . 
  maybe they were expecting ww2 battle damages all around . 
   still have to visit prague , it 's quite at the top of my bucket list !, 
  the subway in paris shocked me the most . 
  it smelled like piss everywhere and it closes rather early . 
  i was once in a youth hostel many years ago . 
  they had a group shower where every shower head was connected to the same pipe . 
  the pressure was n't even great for the first in line but was reduced with each shower head . 
  so the last in line got some drops out of his shower head ... great experience !, 
  why ? 
  is n't `` texmex '' cuisine associated with burritos , nachos , tacos , fajitas and so on ? 
  tell me about it . 
  it feels like every second new restaurant is a new `` hip '' burger bar . 
  stoooop it !, 
  there are already enough , no more burgers please !, 
  please !, 
  well maybe for some it 's a little echo chamber , but i feel there is also enough left wing bashing or should i say general political bashing ( for example extra 3 ) . 
  germans have no sense of humor ... 
  it 's `` funny '' to me that everyone imagines us as these efficient , structured , organized and stoic working machines with no sense ( or time ) for humor . 
  but on the other side we appear boring and shallow . 
  i know german comedy is pathetic ( well in my eyes at least ) but i think we are rather good at satire and political cabaret . 
  live in a rural area near cologne and the prices are quite high . 
  we bought building terrain 3 years ago and built a house . 
  we payed 140 $ per square meter for the building terrain and last i heard the prices are around 200 $ now ( after 3 years ) !, 
  the prices are quite high but people buy or build a lot at the moment because the interest rates are so low ( i think my current interest is around 1,6 % ) . 
  as for the rents , it 's ok here in the rural area but the cities like cologne or dusseldorf are insane !, 
  have some friends in cologne and what they have to pay is just a nightmare and everyone expects it 's getting worse ... 
  i once said `` gracias '' to a maid in paris ( that actually spoke very good english ) . 
  am from germany . 
  what a clusterfuck ... 
  but we both had a good laugh . 
  edit : wanted to say `` merci '' but my brain was in french-speaking panik mode . 
  it 's so great , i nearly forgot to change money when i traveled to scotland . 
  i do n't know if the outcome of the election can be boiled down to `` bad education '' . 
  i do n't think it depends only on education but mainly on ideology and the extreme biased reports in your mass medias ( which are , as far as i understand , mainly private ) . 
  plus your two party system . 
  for me as an european it feels like nearly a `` civil war '' between supporters of democrates vs supporterts of republicans . 
  you are eather on one side or the other , there is no grey are , no third partys . 
  i do n't know the numbers of undecided voters in the us but i would guess the number would be much lower than in any other country in europe . 
  for me it always seems that content and candidates does n't matter so much , it 's when you are republican you vote republican . 
  ever !, 
  but at the end of the day it always is hard do really tell . 
  i do n't have any first-hand experience , i was only once in the us and so i try to take everything with a grain of salt . 
   americans as a whole are really nice and educated , i get that . 
  what really shocked me are the scandals that surrounded the trump campaign ( `` grab her by the pussy '' , mocking of a pow , mocking of a handicapped reporter , many strange statements of trump during interviews and so on ) but it obviously had no impact !, 
  hell , 1 % of such scandals would have led to the immidate resignation of said politician here in germany . 
  it was really baffling . 
  met a young couple from the us on their honeymoon in cologne/germany . 
  they were super friendly and it was fun talking to them . 
  they were so excited about their trip to europe and just wanted to see as much as possible . 
  super cute couple , i do n't remember their names , but greetings to boston . 
   the worst was a young scotsman i bumped into at a crowded pub . 
  he just yelled at me but luckily in such a thick scottish slang i did n't understand much . 
  dude sorry , this bar is super crowded just chill !, 
   am dam des oh boy ... thats 3 words i did n't thought of for a long long time . 
  this brings back sweet memories . 
  family lives in austria and i always watched it as a child when we were visiting . 
  oh jesus , thank you .
