  at which point alternatives will become cheaper than oil . 
  the problem is , however , that by then it might be too late for the environment . 
  well ... do you know any stupid people ? 
  i sure do ... do you know any people over the age of 20 w/o a driver 's licence ? 
  i ca n't think of anyone , really . 
  that is the second time you have spoken out of turn , miss granger . 
  five more points from gryffindor for being an insufferable know-it-all . 
  thanks , friderli . 
  or that the netherlands are n't wealthy ... 
  cirkus is closed over the summer , though . 
  this is just one of the possible interpretations of quantum mechanics . 
  this is true for most , but not all european countries . 
  that definition is kinda dead nowadays . 
  yes , but it 's all already happened , so you end up changing nothing . 
  well cooking can be quite challenging even with a recipe . 
  being a good cook takes practice and many inedible meals . 
  i can confirm that 4g coverage is excellent pretty much all over the country , excluding some less populated parts . 
  not just rabies . 
  also ticks and other types of dangerous animals that are found elsewhere in the world . 
  that 's not saying much , though . 
  6 weeks is a pittance . 
  i wonder what that does to the babies . 
  where i 'm from women get a year of paid maternity leave which can now also be shared by the father if the couple wishes to do so . 
  oh , i was unaware ... a family member lives in australia and he explained how careful he has to be not to bring anything back home and i 'm pretty sure he used ticks as an example . 
  gdp per capita in bratislava is $ 48,000 , though . 
  while cheaper than the us , you could not possibly live in bratislava for 10 years with $ 42,000 . 
  4-5 would be my guess . 
  fine , let 's all just eat flour mixed with water . 
  what the op meant is when chinese labourers have high enough wages that moving production to africa will be cheaper , not the absolute size of china 's economy . 
  america giving governments to other countries ... has that ever ended well ? 
  have you never heard of [ alexander of macedonia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alexander_the_great ) ? 
  it was the same with divided germany . 
  bundes republik deutschland was west germany, 
  and deutsche demokratische republik was the totalitarian east germany . 
  he 's underweight , then . 
  wait did i actually see something on facebook sooner than on reddit ? 
  the geometrical centre of europe is in belarus . 
  in fact over 40 % of europe is russia . 
  yes . 
  in the 1920 's for example , churchill was a big fan of mussolini . 
  that 's art . 
  czech is still cheap , apart from prague . 
  the one with kim il , surely . 
  yes . 
  a marathon is equal to the distance between the town of marathon and athens . 
  maybe cus you 're on an island ? 
  i thought he meant hasta la vista . 
  i think it 's been like that for a while ... a relative of mine used to teach hs chemistry and there he also gave weekly extra-curricular practical chemistry lessons and he says that pretty much everyone that attended was interested either in making drugs or explosives . 
  high school gym teacher . 
  where i 'm from a single opening will get over 150 applicants , but once you get the job it 's very easy , with okay pay and lots of vacation . 
  sure , but some teaching jobs just require less work than others . 
  when i was in highschool me and my school mates would frequently talk about how much more work , say , our first language teacher had to do , what with having to correct all those essays , versus our gym teacher who would throw us a ball and tell us to play , for the same pay . 
  yes , but equally trained people might be sending fake intel . 
  has n't this place closed down ? 
  most such discoveries were actually coincidental . 
  indeed , scottish universities are free of charge for all european union citizens , except for the english . 
  all major religions are pro sex . 
  it 's the easiest way to get more worshipers . 
  $ 2 mil is a drop in the ocean , even for a country as small as slovenia ... 
  i agree that this money should be spent otherwise , but $ 2 mil is not really expensive at all . 
  ah we 're reffered more to as metrosexual , rather than gay . 
  losing them ... searching for a relatively small object , while being unable to see well makes you feel rather powerless . 
  what gender ? 
  he said sex . 
  fire is discovered , not invented . 
  it might . 
  however as my professor then demonstrated , silane ( sih4 ) , the silicon equivalent of methane , combusts in the air at room temperature . 
  the conditions for silicon life are unknown , and a carbon based life , alien or otherwise is far more likely . 
  well , not completely different ... 
  same lore , npcs , locations ... 
  i got two dr. booms once . 
  hex ? 
  can confirm am first year biochem undergrad , only understood some of it . 
  my high school teacher did use this drug as an example of how differently enantiomeres , which are just mirror images , can react . 
  maybe if the dog is fat ... 
  when my german shepherd was in his prime he would very , very rarley get really exhausted , and he got plenty of exercise . 
  hf is not a strong acid . 
  the co2 in the oceans is in equillibrium with the co2 in the air , so removing it from the air would automatically cause it to move out of the oceans into the atmospehere, 
  i do n't see the connection , sorry . 
  can you elaborate ? 
  i know . 
  my point was , that getting it out of the air would get out of the oceans at the same time , because the two are in an equillibrium , and two separate procedures are unnecesary . 
  washes out any potential dirt/irritants/germs and helps to prevent utis . 
  it 's basically rinsing your urinary tract . 
  can confirm , when i was like 4 i managed to get a small button stuck up my nose . 
  i told my parents it was a button , but i was still pretty terrified . 
  the v is actually the shape of five fingers . 
  about 1/4 games i play are vs secret paladins . 
  there to screw with every win streak, 
  why ? 
  the suffix - us becomes - i in plural , not - os . 
  actually nutella differs between european countries . 
  the german one is not the same as the italian one , for example . 
  no , hydrogen will not react with oxygen at room temperature and pressure . 
  the reason we ca n't find it in our atmospehere is that it 's too light for the earth 's gravity to keep it in the atmosphere . 
  muhammad is the most common name in the world . 
  reynad is kaiba confirmed . 
  could we somehow get the probe to orbit the star ? 
  yeah , but the game was still growing then . 
  about 2 years .
