  exactly . 
  mod was limiting design space , so it got nerfed , allowing for cards which would be crazy with permanent stealth . 
  a sports commentator from my country once said : `` statistics is like a bikini . 
  it reveals a lot but hides the most important parts . '', 
  thank you . 
  yes !, 
  it benefits someone more than me !, 
  not fair !, 
  not sure if this is a comment explaining how to play miracle rogue or dissing zoo , priest and warrior . 
  actually , i am sure . 
  it is in stark contrast to cell respiration , though , which is far more efficient than the combustion engines we use . 
  but it has an in-built converter . 
  i 've never seen a kitchen scale measure in newtons . 
  the force falls off as 1/r ^ 2 . 
  the potential falls of as 1/r . 
  you break even with 3 wins , though . 
  i have no idea where you people went to highschool . 
  why ? 
  why would muscle be the first thing to go ? 
  what evolutionary advantage would trading your strength for energy have over using your ** in-built energy stores ** , used precisely for times of lack of food ? 
  only the health cost is removed , you do n't draw 2 cards . 
  yes , it 's quite an upgrade . 
  i was just making the point that the benefit of the hero power does n't get doubled . 
  warlocks do n't really run justicar though . 
  yes , but pressure is defined as force per unit of area or : n/m ^ 2 = ( kg m s ^ -2 . 
  ) / m ^ 2 so it does contain acceleration in the force part . 
  as a country which is richer than the eu average , the uk spends more money on the eu than it gets out of it . 
  however , just the economical benefits of gaining access to the open market of over 500 million consumers , being a target of highly educated brain-drain from poorer eu countries , the fact that london is the financial capital of the world , etc , brings in more money than the uk spends on the union . 
  no , it did n't . 
  it takes one calorie of energy ( 4.2 joules ) to heat up one gram of water by one kelvin ( or degree c ) . 
  the statement is true . 
  this can be calculated from the formula :, 
  q = m \\* c \\* \u0394t , where \u0394t is the change in temperature , m is the mass of the object , c is the specific heat capacity and q is the heat required . 
  we want to raise our body of water by 1 \u00b0 c , which is the same as raising it by one kelvin , the water has a mass of 1 g , and a specific heat capacity of around 4200 j/kgk according to wikipedia . 
  therefore :, 
  i do agree , however , that a calorie is not an si unit . 
  this is probably because there were n't many ( any ( ? ) ), 
  ingress players in turkey . 
  niantic ( the company that made pokemon go ) , also made ingress , a game that works similarly to pokemon go , which let players submit extra portals ( pokestops ) . 
  when making pokemon go , they simply used the same map , but apparently no one was submiting portals in istanbul . 
  is ingress available there ? 
  i 'd wait a few weeks , and see whether or not niantic adds more pokestops , while it 's understandable , that they 're ignoring rural areas with low population , it seems very unlikely that they would ignore such a large potential for buisiness . 
  turkey in general with it 's population of ~ 80 million should be very tempting so you 'll probably see some development soon . 
  hey , native speaker of a slavic language here , and we have this one in our language , too !, 
  let 's do the female form , because the progression from aleksandra to sa\u0161a ( sasha ) is much more obvious . 
  now , the macedonians or serbs , for example like to shorten the male version even more , so the shorthand for aleksandar is ` aco ' ( pronounced `` atso '' . 
  chemistry student here , can confirm . 
  electrolysis of water to h2 + whatever gets oxidized on the anode is simply too expensive . 
  instead , a reaction transforming methane , ch4 , to hydrogen , h2 , and carbon dioxide , co2 , is performed whereby :, 
  the co is then further oxidized, 
  co + h2o -----  co2 + h2 . 
  other industrial processes which create hydrogen involve blowing water vapour over hot carbon , which gives :, 
  h2o + c --  co + h2, 
  and then the co is converted to co2 + h2 in the same reaction as earlier . 
  true . 
  the extraction of al from al2o3 , however , has become much cheaper over the centuries . 
  in the times of napoleon , for example , the most expensive cutlery was made from aluminium , whereas gold and similar was cheaper . 
  no , it actually works both ways . 
  one way of saying it is more british , the other more american . 
  well ... 
  there was no need for a correction to begin with . 
  yes . 
  a person on the keto diet is not eating sugar , therefore the body must produce energy by other means and a diabetic person ca n't get the sugar into their cells , forcing the body to find other means of producing energy ie beta-oxydation . 
  just fyi , yugoslavia was one of the founding nations of the unaligned movement . 
  no , learnt is a correct past participle form of learn . 
  if you have to be a grammar nazi , at least do it correctly . 
  well , there 's more to intelligence than just cold logic . 
  autists tend to lack emotional and social intelligence which are both important for normal human function . 
  yes , it can be changed , but when you first download osbuddy the default world is set to 329 . 
  it 's not , because the balkans and norway are all there . 
  in europe , glacial lakes exist near the alps as well , and they are quite a bit southern than paris . 
  my inorganic professor said oxidane . 
  that 's correct . 
  it is also acts as an acid . 
  ... right . 
  yes , pre\u0161eren 's works tend to get translated rather well . 
   researchers believe that the extra malate boosts the part of the kreb cycle that converts glucose to atp . 
  technicaly no part of the krebs cycle converts glucose to atp . 
  the oxidation of malate to oxaloacetate is the `` last '' step of the krebs cycle , and it does n't even produce any atp . 
  also this article is pretty old and seeing as how malate supplements are not widely known about i 'd wager that not much has come from this line of research . 
  i actually ca n't find any other articles dealing with supplementing just malate other than the ones cited in the original study . 
  google scholar finds quite a few articles which deal with citrulline malate . 
  in fact in [ this 2011 study ] ( http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/s0014299911006728 ) they they say that :, 
   malate is an intermediate of, 
  tricarboxylic acid cycle ( tca ) and its supplementation could enhance energy production . 
  so 4 years on an this was still only a hypothesis . 
  as far as explaining the results ... well , i 'm not an expert , but what the study did n't do was control for other krebs cycle intermediates . 
  perhaps the mice simply swam for longer because they were given more fuel . 
  in normal cells , the concentrations of krebs cylce intermediates remain pretty much constant all the time , so it might also be , that the ingested malate enters the cells and gets converted to something else , because the concentration of malate present in the cycle is already at its normal operating level . 
  i 'm sure supplementing malate could have an effect on physical performance . 
  however , if it actually turned out to be a 26 % increase in endurance , we would have known about it long ago , as the study found to be the case in mice in their experiment . 
  all in all , what i 'm saying is , that this is probably another one of those cases , where it might help to supplement a certain molecule , but it 's probably not worth it . 
  but it 's not a former soviet country , not since 1948 , anyway . 
  well , another theory is , that she shot herself because she found out he had had a mistress . 
  whatever american schools might teach , history is not black and white . 
  i 'd say the term nonpolar molecule is less specific than oil , though . 
  are you sure ? 
  do you have any sources i could read ? 
  i stalked his comment history and he appears to , indeed , be german . 
  his english is just very good .
