  just what ? 
  it 's wrong because you 're voting for someone that either does n't believe in climate change , a scientifically proven fact , or someone that pretends they do n't , to gain votes . 
  by saying they do n't believe in climate change they 've instantly shown to be unfit for a position of power , either because they 're incompetent or because they 're corrupt . 
  yeah , but he 's still correct . 
  you have to put in more energy to split water than you get back precisely because the increase in entropy does n't allow you to use all of the energy released by burning hydrogen as work . 
  even if you created the best possible heat engine you would still lose energy on account of increasing entropy . 
  of course , the total amount of energy stays the same , but you can not use all of it as work due to the second law . 
  stay away , damn it , i come here to take a break from biochem , not to get jumped by random gpcrs . 
  what you said makes no sense . 
  i 've also seen oxalic acid written as h2c2o4 in my inorganic class , even though it 's an organic acid . 
  also isopropanol . 
  can you even write ? 
  are you fucking stupid ? 
  of course co2 increases ambient temperature . 
  it absorbs light reflected off the surface of the earth and reemits it in all directions including back at the . 
  surface . 
  the greenhouse effect is a fact . 
  your ignorance does n't change the facts . 
  climate change is real and people like you are to blame for the lack of progress . 
  what 's with that punctuation ? 
  every single thread this comment comes up . 
  thank you for explaining what we all know and mind the edge . 
  do n't want to cut yourself , now . 
  i ran into flaaffy yesterday and almost crashed my bike . 
  how is that fair ? 
  i 'm at least 300km away from the nearest starbucks and i 'm not alone . 
  but it is their fault their system is so unreasonably rigid . 
  it 's not just this game ... 
  it 's ios in general . 
  no set date but according to rumors it should come within one month or so . 
  you might like pokemmo . 
  yeah , caught two , have n't seen any before or since . 
  swinub are really common here , but i have n't even seen a sandshrew yet . 
  the rich get richer . 
  no , lol , i should n't have to pay to not get spied on , what ? 
  if it 's dry it 's probably fine . 
  better fat than fructose . 
  that 's not actually true . 
  unsaturated fats are crucial for cardiovascular health and saturated fats are ~ ~ essential ~ ~ important in hormone production . 
  you ca n't really get those form vegetables . 
  okay , well neither coconut oil nor palm oil are made from vegetables . 
  if by vegetables you meant plants , then sure , you do find saturated fats in plants , but the original discussion already made a distinciton between fruits and vegetables so we were n't looking at plants in general ... 
  also there 's no need to put `` hormones '' in quotation marks , they are real hormones , unlike the `` veg '' you were talking about . 
  if you want a source , [ this ] ( http://jap.physiology.org/content/82/1/49 ) study looked at both resting and post-exercise levels of testosterone in men and found increased leves of t in men who consumed more saturated fats than in those who ate fewer of them , that is , unless you think the journal of applied physiology is a `` nutball faux doctor website . '', 
  the study is , however , pretty old . 
  so yeah , you do n't * need * to eat saturated fats , because lipogenesis in humans can create all saturated fatty acids , but including them in one 's diet does affect hormone levels . 
  yes , you 're right , as i said in my previous comment , you do n't need to , but it does have a significant effect . 
  okay , so i 'm probably a bit late to the party , but finally studying for my physiology exam has some use !, 
  the way these scales measure your body composition is on the so called impedance principle . 
  you hook up electrodes to your hands and feet ( commercial scales usually have you stand barefoot while holding a metal rod ) , and then the machine sends a small current ( about 1 ma ) through your body . 
  the machine measures the resistance ( or conductivity ) of your body . 
  now , because fats are not well conductive and lean body mass conducts electricity fairly well , the machine can calculate how much of your body is fat when you input your mass . 
  now it 's pretty clear how this can give varying results , though . 
  the more water your body holds the higher the conductance and the lower the measurement , or the other way around , too little water and the measurement is higher . 
  this is why proper measurement should be done while fasted ( you should especially avoid foods high in sodium ) and not after exercise ( water loss due to sweating ) . 
  you should probably also always use the same scale . 
  the error these types of scales produce is considerable , but not ridiculously so , when done properly . 
  there is a fairly accurate way , actually , but it 's extremely impractical . 
  it 's called [ hydrostatic weighing ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hydrostatic_weighing ) and it involves submerging the person completely underwater and weighing them . 
  you can calculate body fat percentage pretty accurately from the difference in the resultant force they exert on the scale while weighed underwater and the force exerted when weighed in the air . 
  this method , however , is extremly sensitive and will give bad results if not done very carefully . 
  just one thing to add : member countries that joined the eu in 2004 are not free to take the euro . 
  they are required to . 
  they have a fully functioning metabolism ? 
  they store information which gets passed onto the next generation ? 
  they 're not even self-replicating , which is the first step to life . 
  they also do n't evolve following the principle of natural selection . 
  to claim stars are alive means not to understand what life is . 
  you also said planets were alive , which is even more absurd . 
  i did not insult you , i merely said you do n't know what life is , which is clearly true . 
  life is a complex self-replicating molecular machine which converts its environment into itself , and this is a very forgiving definition . 
  living things also have the ability to grow and develop , they have a fully funcitoning metabolism ( this is what viruses do n't have and why they do n't count as fully alive ) and they can adapt to their envirnoment . 
  living things also evolve following the principle of natural selection . 
  stars , on the other hand , are a very simple system , composed of only a few elements , often only hydrogen and helium , brought together through gravitational attraction and kept from collapsing by the energy released in nuclear fusion . 
  they do not spend energy to combat increasing entropy in order to keep internal structure . 
  when stars `` die , '' they die because nuclear fusion no longer takes place . 
  if and only if the star was massive enough it goes nova which produces other elements , but this has nothing to do with reprodcution in the biological sense . 
  nebulaes are called star nurseries because it 's a fitting metaphore . 
  in fact saying that stars are alive is a fitting metaphore , but from a biochemical or biophysical point of view stars are far from being alive . 
  `` it is only when a wasp is sitting on your balls that you realize violence does n't solve everything . '', 
  really ? 
  despite the possibility of creating no and no2 ? 
  why not use hcl or simply a buffer solution ? 
  this would only happen at extremly low ph. 
  hcl is considered a strong acid which means it ( practically ) completely dissociates in aqueous solutions . 
  i find cold showers to be the best solution if you do n't have access to a swimming pool . 
  also the death penalty . 
  yeah , like one day the sun will go out . 
  itt : people who do n't know what the concept of mental health means in a clinical sense . 
  i 'd say understanding the laws of a nation you 're dealing with is not outside the `` area of expertise '' for heads of government , authoritarian or otherwise . 
  it 's not , unfortunately . 
  / r/trashy, 
  american prisons do not belong in civilised society . 
  traumatizing criminals only makes the problem worse . 
  that 's correct . 
  i 'd say 3 is enough . 
  you could stay in bled for another 2 days , though , but i 'd use them to check out nearby places like bohinj . 
  even in medicine . 
  american doctors are paid absurd amounts compared to most other highly developed countries . 
  slovenian houses usually come with excellent insulation .
