`` turkey loves japan '' ? 
  what did turkey do to deserve such a stereotype ? 
  that 's exactly what happened . 
  they weakened the army in case they decide enough is enough with our current government . 
  in addition to that , we have an abundance of conservative muslims in this country . 
  i was n't aware that i 'm not supposed to shake hands with the opposite gender . 
  til . 
  ^ / s are we sure this is a religious thing rather than a cultural thing ? 
  my parents are somewhat religious muslims and my paternal grandparents are quite conservative . 
  i 've never been taught not to shake hands with the opposite gender . 
  i do n't see people around me shying away from making skin contact with the opposite gender . 
  no , they ca n't . 
  homosexuality is a strictly human thing . 
  the video is staged . 
  i doubt anyone is dumb enough to believe an animal could actually be homosexual . 
  edit : i 'm stupid and not very knowledgeable in animal sexuality . 
  i did n't grow up in the country i was born , so patriotism is a very foreign concept for me . 
  i think it 's very weird to be devoted to a piece of land or a government . 
  being devoted to your friends and family , i can understand , but being devoted to random strangers just because they were born on the same piece of land as you ... it baffles me . 
   does anyone like the leaders of turkey these days no one in their right mind . 
  it all comes down to upbringing . 
  i was raised in a muslim household , but i went to an international british curriculum school . 
  we had muslim , christian , jewish and atheist students . 
  we would have christmas celebrations , complete with a santa claus and decorations and everything . 
  everyone would participate , regardless of nationality and/or religion . 
  elementary school kids were given presents . 
  we would sing christmas themed songs in front of an audience made up of parents and the school staff . 
  it was a joyous event every year . 
  i associate christmas with those fond memories . 
  i miss those days when i was too childish and innocent to question `` why are muslims , jews and atheists celebrating a christian holiday ? '', 
  i grew up in an international environment and the one prominent holiday we would all celebrate was christmas . 
  i guess i 'm just feeling a little nostalgic . 
  because it 's fun and it brings friends and family together . 
  sit in my room all alone and wish i lived in a land where celebrating christmas is n't considered infidelity . 
  my indonesian housemate had brought home a couple turkish friends one day . 
  he cooked squids and rice for them . 
  only one of them dared to try a piece , and he did n't continue eating . 
  i was just sitting there , devouring squid after squid . 
  needless to say , the turkish guys looked at me funny . 
  : to be honest , i was quite hungry , so there 's that . 
  we had , like , a gang back in middleschool and highschool , a gang of 5 nerds . 
  each one of us would take on one main subject 's homework ( english , math , physics , chemistry , biology ) and do only that , and the rest would copy from him , and then the rest of the class would borrow the gang 's notebooks to copy from them . 
  it was efficient and a fun little group activity for us . 
  [ i did my best . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/t3ugllo.jpg ) spoiler : looks like a disfigured shoe . 
  winters are pretty great in ankara ( provided you like cold weather and snow ) . 
  sounds like my kind of place . 
  or mcdonald 's in general . 
  that 's the thing . 
  maybe it 's because i 'm not used to it , but i 've never been able to shit in the turkish toilet the way other turks do . 
  they claim they do n't have to take off their pants and underwear completely , but i feel like if i do n't , my clothes will end up soaked in piss ( and shit if you 're a victim of diarrhea ) . 
  on top of that , i 'm kind of overweight , so if i maintain a squat for longer than a couple minutes , my knees start to ache . 
  tendency to favor [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/0zwvmks.jpg ) type of toilet . 
  everyone here is hellbent on using this kind of toilet rather than regular seated toilets , claiming it 's cleaner , more hygienic and comfortable . 
  joke 's on you , i always do those manually ( except when i 'm asleep . 
  i switch to automatic breathing just before i fall asleep ) . 
  i speak english , turkish , a wee bit uzbek and a couple words of russian . 
  you 're generalizing again . 
  for some reason , the idea that every turk hates kurds has been cemented in your head . 
  maybe you just blindly dislike turks . 
  you 've clearly never met or spoken to a turk or a kurd if you can so easily make assumptions about the relationship between turks and kurds . 
  i 'm not disputing that kurds have been discriminated against in the past . 
  i know all about the shitty times they went through thanks to the turkish government 's ethnicism . 
  but you have to focus on what 's going on today ; pkk terrorizes eastern turkey . 
  they are responsible for countless murders and destruction of public property . 
  i keep indicating that pkk does n't represent the entirety of kurds but you still accuse me of ethnicism . 
  i do n't give a crap about ethnicity or religious beliefs ( or lack thereof ) , if you murder innocent people and destroy public property , you 're a terrorist . 
  so attacking schools and killing innocent civilians is considered `` standing up for yourself '' ? 
  i detest the current turkish government as much as the next guy but pkk 's mischiefs have been a concern since before akp took over the turkish government . 
  i do n't know what your definition of a terrorist is but pkk is anything but a group of freedom fighters . 
  have you ever even been to eastern turkey and spoken to any kurds ? 
  the lesser educated ones may be oblivious to the damage pkk causes to the country but the educated kurds i 've met are n't big fans of pkk either . 
  pkk causes more harm than good , and certainly does n't benefit the kurds in eastern turkey at all . 
  why do you keep using the term `` kurds '' when referring to the terrorists ? 
  we do n't hate and we do n't attack kurds , it 's the terrorist organization pkk that we 've been in conflict with for decades . 
  get that into your head . 
  it 's not like we label literally every kurd living in eastern turkey as terrorists . 
  just like how we do n't label every muslim as a terrorist just because isis claims to be an islamic group . 
  okay , good point . 
  i love cats , but i fear insects more than i love cats . 
  how are birds more important than cats ? 
  soccer fans in turkey are n't better or worse than hooligans , they ** are ** hooligans . 
  ah , i see that turkey is ranked the worst overall . 
  i 've been living in istanbul for 4 years and , yeah , not only are there virtually no english speaking turks ( save for college professors ) , but locals are actually surprised when they find out i , as a turk , can speak english relatively well . 
  however , as soon as i explain that i grew up abroad , their astonishment quickly fades away . 
  i do n't know . 
  my parents have never shared their opinion on dogs with me . 
  i 'm lead to believe they do n't have anything against dogs . 
  cats on the other hand ... my mom hates cats with a passion . 
  i 'm 21 years old but i still get yelled at by my mom for feeding stray cats . 
  i get uncomfortable when they growl or randomly follow me around . 
  nah , i do n't dislike them , i 'm just afraid of them . 
  i just hope that our relationship wo n't be affected once we establish a proper akp-free government . 
  so why do n't we call it lingua anglica nowadays ? 
  i live on one meal a day , and it 's either instant noodles or just plain old macaroni . 
  yeah , yeah , i know , that 's just a typical college life . . 
  why ? 
  there 's plenty of headscarf wearers in turkey . 
  no need to move to iran . 
  they 're especially salty towards turks who grew up abroad .
