while that is sad i can agree . 
  bosnia was a european thing to solve but it took the americans to do something about it . 
  which makes little real sense . 
  poland is closer to the only nation that is actively annexing european territory . 
  stupendous ? 
  asshole . 
  ah the roi has no issues with england . 
  the north , where i am from , does n't really have issues with the english so much as the protestants within northern ireland . 
  generally english people passing through catholic areas are treated alright . 
  this makes so much fucking sense . 
  kudo 's to the dutch/germans for being the first to give it a go and work out the kinks . 
  why ... is n't it bohemia ? 
  i play europa universalis an awful lot and it confuses me : /, 
  yea , i do n't even know if it will allow the gpu 's to be sent without duties . 
  you are absolutely right of course . 
  i am pretty pro ttip . 
  assuming it means i get graphics cards without the import duty from the states . 
  nah you 'll be fine . 
  just do n't forget bags or something silly on the bus . 
  you wo n't get arrested but do n't be surprised if everyone runs away from you screaming ; ) ( they may think the bag is a bomb ) ( ps . 
  if you wanted to be over the top careful , you can wear an indian flag or something on clothing/bag , as everybody knows india has fuck all to do with what is happening in europe ), 
  it would n't bring the eu down . 
  actually , even a small eurozone country like greece would have more impact i suspect . 
  christ . 
  they are not dumb . 
  they just come from poor as fuck shit holes with dodgy education systems . 
  but yea , sweden 's policies are a fucking mess . 
  idiots . 
  man people attacking this are doing so in an evangelical manner . 
  let them write the damn thing before leaking bullshit that was never going to make the final draft anyway . 
  will ttip remove import duties whenever i buy a gpu from the us ? 
  i know right ? 
  seriously . 
  as a western european i completely support this . 
  waking up the east ( i know polands already improved in leaps and bounds ) would do wonders . 
  that really is the crux of the matter . 
  politicians interfering in technical decisions . 
  hele 's with weapons are somewhat redundant ... drones be the way . 
  surprised that lockheed are n't making stuff that suits poland . 
  honestly , the only hele that gets me excited is the osprey . 
  please buy that . 
  oh god that got me . 
  cease with all your sense . 
  it belongs not here . 
  those are probably gypsies . 
  in which case you can stick them in a concentration camp for all the love i have of the thieving violent bastards . 
  * and it is n't racist for me to say that because like the gypsies in england , i am irish . 
  we do n't have quite the bro-ski lad culture that some of the younger english kids have . 
  spanish isles tourists man . 
  the ibiza crowd in england is a massive thing , in ireland its not quite as big but they still manage to wreck the image . 
  that sounds like the english and irish at home :p saturday night mosts town centres look like a bomb hit em . 
  to be honest though it sounds like you are getting the spanish isles tourists . 
  if i was croatian i 'd be screaming bloody murder . 
  what the fuck ? 
  come to ireland . 
  we get drunk as much as the east , but we have more money . 
  and what ... 
  yet another massacre ? 
  yet more ammunition for the far-right ? 
  ah god . 
  well idiots get what they deserve i guess . 
  well i prefer to see my own country purchasing european equipment rather than us stuff . 
  we paid out what fraction of that trillion dollar bill for the jsf for instance ? 
  i stand enlightened . 
  had always just taken the gdp per-capita as the indicator . 
  ( on a side note , i will never understand why they located a sales office in a country with higher salaries . 
  is that not against the entire spirit of out-sourcing ? ), 
  yea . 
  i am no fan of my own country acting like a colossal tax haven . 
  but again , the issue is systemic . 
  without uniform taxation levels of some description it will continue to happen . 
  ^ i agree with him . 
  airbus is really just france/germany . 
  i 'd prefer not see money go to the states however if europe has a comparable product . 
  but hard to argue with the polish logic behind all of this . 
  / has visions of a glorious war against the english with something other than molotovs / stops such thoughts and resumes working in his sales position for a uk firm that outsourced to ireland . 
  i wish the eu would stop having such a diverse weapon supply . 
  not even suggesting we federalize the military , but some sort of agreement to reduce the waste of everyone and their dog having a main battle tank would be nice . 
  i do n't know that he is `` corrupt '' . 
  does he make decisions for the nation based on enriching himself ? 
  thus ends the eu . 
  `` we can do it '' . 
  they are n't all convinced germany is the land of milk and honey for no reason . 
  i wish you all the best from my island . 
  though i would n't let my daughter go unattended for carnival this year if i was a german . 
  i do n't trust any of the western european elite to actually do anything . 
  why is hollande staying quiet ? 
  where is the uk telling poland/greece they wo n't let germany bully them ? 
  but there will always be a suspicion that `` they are turning their heads '' . 
  could n't blame them for that even if it was true , i mean , germany declared they could take on unlimited migrants and stopped checking passports for fuck sake . 
  i completely agree with you . 
  what the fuck can greece do ? 
  germany lost 600k of its own fucking accord for fuck sake . 
  as a european federalist ... this sucks . 
  i do n't agree with human rights laws being used in this way . 
  honestly , i hope the uk leaves and we can start the whole process of integration all over again . 
  ( / sits back and waits for the orange men ), 
  `` polandball english '' laughing so hard . 
  as a fellow citizen of a tiny nation in the eu , could you possibly be setting that bar any lower ? 
  no , i was just calling out a bullshit point .
