   gary solis , a former u.s. military judge who teaches the law of armed conflict at georgetown university in washington , says that even if the red cross has not classified the ukraine conflict as a war between states , `` that does n't mean that you can do anything you want . '', 
   `` there are still rules and there 's still customary international law that applies , '' solis says . 
  he adds that under the geneva conventions ' criteria for international conflicts , the video `` absolutely '' violates the statute barring `` insults and public curiosity . '', 
  interesting , looks like / u/rinnve was correct in the other thread on the video, 
  it 'll be a hard job but i 'm sure our government will find a way to swindle and give away our wind energy resources to private interests for nothing just like they did with all our gas reserves . 
  there are more people out there with common sense then redditors alone, 
  yea like i said different case , as an irish expat myself you can enjoy all the benefits of being one of the only country in the world that wont let you vote from abroad as well , 
  well you are entitled to it so why not . 
  i 've read a few dodgy cases of parents whose children were being taken into care in the uk piking up citizenship the same way and moving over because seemingly we are n't as strict . 
  lets just say even if the uk was harsh they would n't be top of the league in terms of role models , typically welfare parents welfare shopping has become a bit of a thing since it seems we pay better than the uk now . 
  while i 'm sure you do n't fit that category i find it a shame to see our citizenship almost abused in that way and basically importing other peoples problems, 
  i do n't know i just find it a bit disingenuous picking up irish citizenship just for some perks while still still calling yourself british . 
  i guess if you are english the only way you could do it is through the grandparent clause as it 's only those born on the island that are granter automatic right to citizenship ? 
  well if it 's about that i ca n't see how uk leaving the eu will affect uk citizens free movement but we 'll have to wait and see . 
  if you have flown a union jack here this long just stay in ni, 
  it is the same , russian `` het '' phonetically sounds like `` nyet '' if you were to read the latter with english letter sounds, 
  maybe people forget whats supposed to go in there ? 
   watch japan closely and learn from their mistakes/copy what they do right . 
  can we all agree tentacle porn/blurring genitals is a bad idea then ? 
   yeah but what are you going to do with pensions for retired people and stuff ? 
  give old people and grandparents jobs and benefits in exchange for minding the babies for free ... old people get something to do , parents get more free time to put bread on the table . 
  as far as history goes that 's generally how we handled it best, 
  good catch , i took the lazy route and took a screenshot while it was still open in photoshop here is a clean version : http://i.imgur.com/qwr4wbk.jpg, 
  yea it 's weird but it 's also half the reason we talk like the charming people we are . 
  if you ask an irish person ( at least older generations ) if they are ok , typically we 'll say `` i am '' instead of just yea or yes . 
  in irish you use the verb with a positive or negative , there is a whole page on it here : [ hiberno-english ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hiberno-english ), 
  yea was n't sure what was appropriate with the whole lack of a `` yes or no '' `` n\u00ed bheidh '' as in will you have some ? 
  n\u00ed bheidh me/i wont would work too but felt a mouthful as well . 
  man we like to use lots of words to say simple things do n't we ? 
  edit : yea well there it is , has n't really got the same ring to it though imo , http://i.imgur.com/ttvxbyb.jpg, 
  the subreddit you are looking for is actually / r/notthepoint, 
  mods love vague rules , it allows them to act as censor, 
  pity israeli 's have such a habit/hobby of blowing up peacekeeping troops, 
  you ever think for a second how it 's in the interest of the mainstream eu parties to play up such a threat to stop people voting for alternative `` radical '' parties . 
  you do n't need to look at russia to know why syriza are popular , that 's all down the failed policy 's of austerity and the eu . 
  something that does n't have majority support but is pushed through by government is pretty undemocratic to me, 
   hsbc says it 's criminal behavior and calls government , they sure know who 's looking out for them and their interests anyway, 
  it 's cheaper for now as it 's completely unpopular and so some could say undemocratic . 
  to me it always seemed like something that should be handled by local authorities from the start but hey i guess that would n't be so easy to later privatize . 
  [ realpolitik means it 's back to drawing board on water ] ( http://www.independent.ie/opinion/columnists/ivan-yates/realpolitik-means-its-back-to-drawing-board-on-water-31112795.html ), 
  you should speak up , the only people left in ireland are the old people after the youth left for better opportunities . 
  not really when you consider implementing a billing and metering mechanism and all the staff that go along with it add more inefficiency than a little bit of wasted water ever did . 
  stupidity and willing wastefulness . 
  the people issuing the bills might lose their jobs or something like that . 
  we pay for our water through general taxation as well and now the govnerment wants to setup a separate utility to bill everyone on an individual basis and create even more wasteful bureaucracy setting up a billing and payments system . 
  and then what , try and occupy the country again ? 
  i think they gave up on that after 800 years of trying to pacify us toward their presence . 
  so it 's either kill us all or go back to bombings and guerrilla warfare tactics and become an international pariah state . 
  well thats true and why i like we keep ourselves out of conflicts as much as possible, 
   so you 're saying an attack on the baltic states - ergo on the eu and nato - would n't be our headache ? 
  what sort of na\u00efvety is this ? 
  frankly it 's insulting to all the balts who call ireland home . 
  yea at this point in time that 's nato 's responsibility , i 'm sure we would lend assistance to the extent the lisbon treaty allows but that would most likely be it . 
   `` neutral '' . 
  and it 's pretty easy . 
  we 're a western state . 
  russia and islamists would have little problem justifying threats to us given our hedonistic , secular , homosex westernism ... 
  funny that 's not the experience i had while backpacking across egypt , lebanon and turkey and some guys wanted to beat me up thinking i was american/british , simply being irish defused a situation that could have been very bad for me and i have out neutrality and history of sticking it to the british empire to thank for it . 
  in fact not only did it defuse it but they said sorry and invited me for tea . 
  if :     1 ) the uk had just annexed the costa del sol in the name of protecting their tubby sunbathers who live there     2 ) the uk moves shitloads of military supplies to the six counties ,     3 ) the uk starts a propaganda war talking about how the irish are bloodthirsty fascists ,     4 ) vladimir putin is the leader of the uk , and ...     5 ) the uk does n't care about sanctions or about being shut out from europe or the us . 
      then you most likely would n't laugh . 
  that 's what the baltic states face , and if we were in nato we 'd be begging for their troops . 
  and with an aggressive uk on our border and we are part of nato as a result ? 
  well then i would continue to laugh as what else could i do , if they decide to attack nato ( which i assume would be minus the uk ) we are then into a ww3 scenario so what difference would it make if a few troops show up . 
   so you see irish-americans as bragging about how they are 1/16th irish while getting wasted , i see irish-americans as normal people with some religious/cultural icons in their house who occasionally put on a cd playing celtic music . 
  so its strange for me to see such a strong reaction towards that . 
  i actually have no reaction at all toward that , my granddad 's brother moved to the states and i 've met both his sons and grandchildren , they all seemed like really nice people interested in their heritage and all that . 
  that said meeting the grandchildren of my age it 's obvious we have nothing in common . 
  when my granduncle left like 70 years ago he left a barely functioning newly founded state with a very parochial and religious minded people so poor their diet consisted of mainly potatoes , no plumbing , no electricity , no running water and this is the long lasting image he was left with of ireland after leaving . 
  when his family ask him what ireland was like this is how he explains it , sound familiar ? 
  meanwhile my granddad stayed at hone , got a job building out the energy infrastructure , saved enough money to drill a well , install heating and plumbing and literally basically built the state you see today , before he died he literally could n't believe the state was paying him to stay at home . 
  what i 'm saying is , from where those two people parted ways things changed immensely and at a very fast pace , maybe it 's my fault becasue modern ireland does n't like to think only two generations back we were like a third world state but at the same time what grandparents in the usa tell about the ireland they knew can be very misleading compared to what exists today and lets fact it the elderly are n't very good at recognizing how times have changed . 
  it 's my opinion the attitudes of irish americans are moreso based on accounts of people who lived here over a generation or two ago . 
  i just think it 's unfortunate how this delayed version of irish culture ( which is now a modern secular state with less religion and violence than the us ) has become representative of us in pop culture . 
  every time i see sterotypes like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sd_bvhifpoe ) presented in american pop culture it does indeed make me think `` is this what irish americans think we are , or who do they get to write this stuff '', 
   this is naive . 
  no it 's not , wars are fought by turning one people against another . 
  in the modern information age you ca n't just go and start a war without building a pretext first . 
  if you do n't give them a pretext you do n't give them a war . 
   in my opinion ireland should be part of england why ? 
  i do n't think estonia should be part of russia or forced into any other state for that matter , why would you disrepect our sovereignty like that ? 
   this is what you just told me . 
  no , if i 'm going to continue with your analogy you are saying we should invite england 's long term adversary 's to setup base in the republic along their borders and have permanent troops stationed here which is redicilous . 
  now quit with your double standard, 
  of course i would but i would also explain how culture is a living thing and just like any long distance relationship it 's hard work to keep the connection over time . 
  i would n't expect my grandchildren who have been raised in an entirely different culture to have much in common with me, 
  it 's called geopolitics , we have no need to defend what would be somebody else 's headache should we be invaded . 
  also being a neutral state means it 's pretty hard for any other state to sell a war of aggression against us . 
  anyone who has traveled to the middle east with an irish passport will tell you the advantages of not being perceived as an agressive state . 
   hahaha , what ? 
  were you alive during the troubles ? 
  so you are saying the ira spoke for the majority of irish people ? 
  it never had support outside of the british controlled six counties , if anything it separated us more . 
   would you ever cop yourself on . 
  how would you feel if the british started making noises about restarting the plantations ? 
  to be honest i 'd laugh , and if they were to continue with the rhetoric i would watch them get diplomatically slaughtered . 
   was bombing their cars and pubs not enough ? 
  does shooting kneecaps off not count as ` trolling ' ? 
  again with the ira who were active in northern ireland and the uk , funny how they always had most their money and guns coming from abroad while people in ireland lived with the aftermath . 
  then we should just decide there are two different cultures , `` irish american '' and `` irish '' becasue as it stands today neither have much in common .
