  it seems politicians in the baltics are happy to talk tough to the detriment of their own economy just to be seen as tough on russia to their voters, 
  they ca n't support more than a proxy war in one corner and less than 10 % of ukraine , unlike the paniced types i see on reddit i 'm under no illusion of any credible threat to europe . 
  rhetoric , rhetoric and more rethoric ,, 
  such an ignorant and uninsightful comment if you do n't mind me saying . 
  do you know anything about the costs of liquefaction . 
  shipping and regasification of lng ? 
  i suspect not but trust me `` us gas '' ( in this context is far from the cheapest in the world, 
   the alternative is to let themselves be blackmailable by putin why not just have the alternative available * in case * of russian price gouging , buying more expensive gas when cheaper russian gas is available is just spiteful and mostly political rhetoric that will only hurt the real economy . 
   freedom may come with a bigger price please do n't let that be a merica pun . 
  i 'm just going to disagree because i look at the 3 - 5 year picture when everything settles down and all i see is merica benefiting from chaos it 's creating by diving russia and europe . 
  when lithuania buys this much more expensive lng it just makes the whole eurozone less competitive in the long run . 
  funny how it makes no mention of the price . 
  lithuania seems like it 's just hurting it 's own economy to spite russia now . 
  i agree the americans are the best at corruption but only because they have fostered a culture that literally everything is for sale . 
  if you want something done there just pay enough people to say what you want them to say , money is free speech after all . 
  eh , a corruption * perception * index does n't represent actual corruption , it could just mean you were better at hiding it , or at least * were * better at hiding it . 
  every culture has good things that should be learned from . 
   but when we were a bunch of different kingdoms/provinces with almost know ties to any other major power that could use us as a base for an invasion ? 
  lmao plz . 
  funny thing is , if the british did empire the way americans do currently they would have supported irish rebels in connaught in a bid to divide and conquer and rule via a puppet government in galway that relied on them for weapons and diplomatic support . 
  actually the more depressing thought is that 's kinda how they do it via multinational corporations and ` the economy ' `` you want jobs , cut taxes and do n't say anything about our planes using you airport for military purposes '', 
   at no point have i blamed a single victim of english imperialism for our crimes , nor would i , and at no point would i argue that what i said was a justification for the acts committed . 
  they were not . 
  yea instead you just made light hearted generalization of it as if you were only being a bully to stop anyone from ever bullying you . 
  sure it 's like you say you are just repeating what people ` thought ' back then , `` oh those pesky irish revolting again , tax their chimneys more fredrich , and if that does n't kill them off sooner burn their houses otherwise they might actually do something with their lives one of these days ''  the english did n't wake up one morning out of the blue and think ` huh , i think i should murder some irish catholics today well oliver cromwell did for starters , in fact wiping out catholics was pretty much foreign policy for britain at one time . 
  funny enough thats another thing irish and british are hilariously bad at . 
  `` hey lets make our houses so badly insulated we can only heat them for a few hours in the day , leading to damp and a host of other issues like freezing your ass off and having to constantly wear shoes inside because the floor is -10 degrees '' sorry but after a few years in the nordics i 've been reformed , sure the irish fry up has it 's moment and it 's after a feed of drink and once every few weeks . 
  that just read like a serious amount of victim blaming and revisionist history to me to the point i 'm not even sure if it 's sarcasm . 
  i guess the famine you engineered here was just to keep us weak so we would n't resist the rape and not have the energy to fight back / s, 
   so , if you need to bend the rules , it 's easier than in most countries . 
  you just need to make a compelling case for it . 
  yes recently we all found out you love bribery ( siemens ) and bending the ` rules ' ( vw ) i think you literally just underwent an image change, 
   i 'll have me fry up any day few rashers , saussies and beans with a fresh slice of real butter on toast and maybe a bit of pudding . 
  people who do n't live on the islands dont know how to eat . 
   roast beef on sunday or what have you . 
   and fish and chips from the right place is like my taste buds are being carressed by a greasy god of seduction . 
  and that 's why you 're fat , i 'll stick to my fresh yogurt , frozen berries and a few grains for breakfast thanks while the rest of you make us into the next embarrassment of a walking talking mobility sccoter laden merica, 
  eh hezbollah and iran are fighting with assad by proxy so it 's not really helping . 
  also when this is all done israel just wants to steal the golan heights officially and continue their lebensraum project . 
  say that again  anarcho-syndicalism ( also referred to as revolutionary syndicalism [ 1 ] ) is a theory of anarchism which views revolutionary industrial unionism or syndicalism as a method for workers in capitalist society to gain control of an economy and , with that control , influence broader society . 
  syndicalists consider their economic theories a strategy for facilitating worker self-activity and as an alternative co-operative economic system with democratic values and production centered on meeting human needs . 
   the basic principles of anarcho-syndicalism are solidarity , direct action ( action undertaken without the intervention of third parties such as politicians , bureaucrats and arbitrators ) and direct democracy , or workers ' self-management . 
  the end goal of anarcho-syndicalism is to abolish the wage system , regarding it as wage slavery . 
  anarcho-syndicalist theory therefore generally focuses on the labor movement . 
  [ 2 ]  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anarcho-syndicalism most adult anarchists would agree you have to outgrow capitalism , of course someone like you takes one step of that process and shits on it for the lols ,, 
  you clearly missed the big picture nature of my comment but yes if you look at it the system we live under is no less dumb or retarded in practice . 
  well i 'll put it this way , in the 60 's and 70 's the uk was a shining example of what you would call a welfare state , people essentially supported the idea of helping the weak better themselves , public housing , free education and so on . 
  add forty years of every increasing diversity and it 's now very much usa lite , defiantly more right wing dog eat dog culture , instead of being proud of the welfare state all you hear of is , benefits cheats , bedroom taxes , nhs being slowly privatized and so on . 
  i fundamentally believe this narrative has changed because people no longer feel their taxes are no longer going to help their brothers but rather everyone is out to get as much as they can from the system and for a welfare state to work as it 's designed and for it to be supported people need to feel it 's there to help a brother down on his luck rather than something that lets others get something for free on another persons dime . 
  multiculturalism literally means multiple cultures existing side by side in harmony as opposed to homogeneous culture where everyone shares one national identity as a common family of people . 
  on a basic level me or you do n't help our neighbours with their bills or car repairs when we see it broken down outside and we do n't feel like we should either , same principal works on state level . 
  if there was a significant muslim/hindu/scientologist community who never assimilated and are doing their own thing while being bigger recipients of welfare benefits i would start to feel like i do n't want to pay for them either . 
  i think i 'm getting into psychology here but i believe this is the basic reason smaller nordic states with historically homogeneous populations have made the welfare state work better than countries with greater multiculturalism . 
  i agree with everything you say but in a nutshell you could say most real anarchists are people who want more democracy and more distributed power and decision making , most self described anarchists are naive `` open the borders people '' who do more harm than good to the idea . 
  i mean there is no reason given the technology we have in society to tomorrow change delegate democracy we have today to a system where those we elect to parliament have 50 ' 000 , 100 ' 000 `` votes '' in parliament and self described anarchists have 1 , 2 or however many votes people wish to trust in them administered through e-voting . 
  the problem is who would anyone in power decide to give up power and that 's where the human greed comes into it . 
  it 's too late for me to continue this but i do agree with you , what i do n't agree with it people who simply write off the idea as `` retarded '', 
  by that logic the current human civilization is retarded and ca n't work either , we are warming our planet at a pace that will flood nearly every coastal city within a century , we use fossil fuels for next to near everything we create even though we know they are finite , we are destroying one of the few medical breakthroughs we made in antibiotics by feeding them to animals to make them grow faster , we allow 0.01 % of the population to have 99 % of material wealth . 
  see where i 'm going here , everything is retarded if you look at it through the correct lens . 
  what you showed is you are detached from reality by being unable to see the problem with it . 
  yet you ca n't articulate why you think proponents of a flat power structure more direct democracy are super retarded ... showed all you learned in college, 
   even the great gulf spill barely hurt bp , who buys petrol from bp ? 
  and who does n't buy petrol and fuel based on price . 
  cars on the other hand are sort of an emotional purchase and i agree this has stained vw for me and i 'm sure many more big time, 
  a , haha haa , i went to good lengths to prove / u/sbjf wrong with data but you did it just as well with a google search . 
  with our powers combined we will prove the german myth wrong . 
   all the taxis are dacia for that precise reason this is the best metric , for some reason all taxis here are 2000 reg toyota avensis still , and if you want to get really old they were toyota carina before that . 
  [ this picture says it all . 
  ] ( http://c2.thejournal.ie/media/2011/05/305-taxi-ranks--390x285.jpg ) plus a few nissan primera 's ( 2000 models ), 
  funny how your survy leaves out most the japanese models rates as most reliable on the other survey but taking two models on the top ten posted by / u/i _ repost_from_top i can see your data pretty much supports what the consumer report is saying in the small car class the 2005 honda jazz has 23.2 breakdowns per 1000 which is the best out of all the oldest cars . 
  * i consider reliability in more important in older cars . 
  the second best was mitsubishi colt followed by the toyota yaris . 
  the other classes do n't include many japanese cars and none form the user survey list but the ones there perform very well . 
  simply put i do n't think you can simply disregard that user survey and speaking for myself i find german cars do n't age as well as their japanese counterparts , i like to work on cars in my spare time and only buy ten year old ones instead of new , the german ones i 've had are always plagued with problems like throwing belts , bearing issues , pumps , turbo 's and ancillary stuff going wrong . 
  these days they are simply over-engineered to perform well over a 15 - 20 year life cycle without stuff constantly needing replacement ... especially diesels . 
  so whats being done about it , are they having their powers stripped from them ? 
  sounds more like `` oops we got caught '' or `` better keep quiet about this mama merkel phone tapping as they know we are n't clean either '' sorry but i refuse to believe the german have clean hands in this just like i 'm sure they knew about vw . 
  you can say i 'm wrong and that 's not based in fact and i would agree but that 's not how public perception works and mine is very negative right now, 
   what is the problem with multiculturalism ? 
  show me a truly multicultural welfare state that is n't a mess . 
  the two are simply not compatible . 
   well , then tell me what they should have done instead how about not handing over private details of every man woman and child in the country to the freaking nsa for access to a stupid spying program . 
  noam chomsky is an anarchist . 
  being an anarchist does n't mean you want to smash everything and is more about fairness , democracy and flat power structures and for that matter i 'm anarchist too, 
  ok well negative would be the eu countries passing mandatory quotas while eastern european states do n't want them but do n't have the diplomatic power to reject them . 
  i think you know what i mean , the usual european compromise where germany tells everyone else how it 's going to be, 
   i meant define `` positive or negative way '' , as in both . 
  what do you see as a negative resolution and what do you see as a positive resolution ? 
  i ca n't answer this question without you qualifying the criteria . 
  positive would be something all countries agree on without compromising their positions , say for example a safe zone in turkey where western aid agencys could house and filter some immigrants with skills that could be beneficial to the eu economy . 
  negative . 
  the status quo that sees country 's opposed to these migrants in general being demonized by those who support . 
   define `` positive or negative way '' . 
  resolved means resolved , as in it would no longer be a problem . 
  it 's no longer in the news . 
   the only way this issue can be resolved is via the eu . 
  not while the media is telling states they ca n't stop migrants illegally crossing their borders without registering as per dublin agreement it wont be . 
  so by resolved you mean in a positive or negative way ... but simply resolved ? 
  if that 's the case sure it will be resolved with either with the majority of public being for or against immigration but resolved does n't mean it will help the case for staying in the eu, 
  you assume the crisis will be resolved , i think the opposite is true with the potential problems groups like ukip are identifying actually coming true and therefore justifying their stance and strengthening their position .
