  read my other reply , it has nothing to do with that . 
  i would love nothing more that for irish americans to understand the * current * culture of where they come from and not the one spun by hollywood and the media which seems to revolve around a romanticized view of violence , drinking and being a general feckless gobshite . 
   your country does n't have citizens who lived through forced deportations , ethnic cleansing , and decades od political repression say that again , while the uk does n't want it written into the history books the famine in ireland was most certainly taken advantage of/engineered and is probably the most comparable incident to holodomor there is . 
  british landowners exported food out of the country all through that time becasue letting the starving irish have it would go against `` free market '' principles . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_famine_%28ireland%29#genocide_question  if it were you in trouble , i 'm sure purin would n't care how sensitive and peaceful you are . 
  thats the thing , the way i see it is this . 
  by simply being peaceful and neutral there is no way putin or anyone else could ever spin any sort of irish aggression to their public , it just simply would n't fly . 
  i see the baltic states as only feeding the russian propaganda machine with these actions, 
   you 're basically saying you do not like americans being stationed in europe and you do n't like americans because once a year people in the us wear green and drink beer . 
  it 's nothing to do with that , fact is `` irish american '' and `` irish '' culture have nothing in common and will only continue to part ways as long as american media portrays us some some `` hoopdy do , lets dance round the shillelagh with me lucky charms while i beat my wife and ten kids '' people . 
  to put it frankly irish people are embarrassed of any diaspora that latches on to this and rightfully so , hollywood and the american media is as much to blame for this as anything but frankly i 'm sick of meeting americans who think we are all modeled one some boondock saints , gangs of boston image ready to jump back into the ira at a moments notice . 
  we did n't create an irish american stereotype , you did so live with it . 
  sure , tell they to the family 's of your countrymen who died the resulting wars in the middle east . 
  your contempt for peace is astounding, 
  is it sort of different but has the result been any different ? 
  russia has been sanctioned , economy has been severely damaged putin is still more popular than ever . 
  so you are completely ignorant to the fact hitler only became more powerful by constantly denouncing western sanctions on the german economy and the hyperinflation that followed ? 
  wow , it 's like people learned nothing about post ww1 history and where punitive sanctions lead, 
  i would say nobody needs that money and if we all agreed to better morals and to not deal with countries like that the world would be a better place . 
  after all is n't that we have a un for , so we can agree on these things together , the saudis are shady beyond belief and thats before you even start exploring the redacted 9/11 commission reports and their involvement there . 
  to be honest knowing how the us likes to bully states around i 'm surprised they did n't just press delete on that country a long time ago and just wipe out their money , wipe out their assets abroad in one swoop and see how long they last . 
  it 's not like anyone would protest that move either . 
  sure but only if you are willing to accept more dirty money in the process . 
  [ oh wait this is the uk so of course you are ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/al-yamamah_arms_deal#threats_by_the_saudi_government ), 
  my god that truly is a property bubble of biblical proportions . 
  surely people are aware it 's all going to go sour at some point very soon . 
  those prices mean anyone on a reasonable salary of 20k per year needs to save 22 years salary to buy a house . 
  it 's not even unrealistic it 's just plain crazy , who would even way to live there at those prices . 
   while our country has come out of the great recession stronger than before ahhhh ha ha ha , just like that fed is going to raise interest rates `` any day now '' i could argue this on any number of data points but past history of doing that i believe americans choose to be in denial about the state of their their own economy but i will continue if you want to talk seriously talk jobs data , number of temp vs full time positions , labor market participation rate , endless qe and a widening trade defect . 
   we as a country are dealing with social circumstances that will lead us into the future apart from basically anything to do with sustainability and green energy and the economics of a world that soon needs to wean itself off cheap oil  while we have a huge hispanic population , they mostly consider themselves to be americans and even in areas where there is a majority hispanic population , get back to me when `` muslim european '' becomes their own ethnic group the same way as the hispanic or african american `` community '' as much as i see muslim immigration as a failure in europe as least we do n't lump them all in one bunch and assume they should do jobs like cleaning or landscaping . 
  i have n't been to the states but when i think of the term `` ghetto '' it 's black american inner city culture , crypts and bloods and general gang violence . 
  we have not reached that level yet i do n't believe but i do take your overall view that europe is in decline along with the usa . 
  yea but american food would have turned them to hambeasts by now instead of fine fillets of slav, 
  i think you got it all wrong dude , do n't forget it was an americna warhawk named john mccain that flew to ukraine to egg on the protesters in ukraine one year ago , it ' was your ambassador to ukraine that was handing out the cookies to protesters and decided `` fuck the eu '' , it was your country that gave ten billion to `` support democracy '' in ukraine . 
  i live in europe and if anything i see this as an american engineered crisis that aims to permanently split russia and europe and keep both weak as russia and europe working closer together in the future would totally overshadow the us economically . 
  russia was pretty much part of the west before this happened , just look at the list of g7 ( formally g8 ) countries and see where they fit in , canada , france , germany , italy , japan , the united kingdom , and the united states . 
  found the libertard, 
   please back up your statements with data , otherwise it 's just anecdotal . 
  is is anecdotal and i cant be bothered , my `` source '' is merely asking you to think back to your childhood , how many friends/kids in your class had one parent working , would you say more or less than today ? 
  how many kids would you say were subjectively poor , i do n't remember anyone not having a birthday party or generally being like a kenny from south park . ? 
  nowadays i do n't have kids yet but couples i know in their early 30 's who just started having them are all married with two incomes and really do n't have much spare money . 
  maybe it 's just that raising a kid costs more now and takes more energy but i certainly do n't see it as something i want for a while and it would seem the declining birth rates across europe reflect this and not the `` more educated have less kids '' argument . 
  i 'd like kids but they are just too much of a drain now and if you put them to work cleaning and doing jobs around the house someone will probably call you a child abuser and take them away . 
   may be a dramatic comment , but he has a point . 
  switzerland 's ` neutrality ' is kind of a joke . 
  it 's not a joke though , they actually believe their own libertarian , `` non aggression '' freedom bullshit . 
  the difference is to the swiss ` neutrality ' means not judging others no matter how corrupt they are , not asking questions about where someones money come from even if they roll into the bank with coke hanging from their nose . 
  swiss ` neutrality ' basically translates to `` all money is equal '', 
   they sell weapons to everyone equally !, 
  ahh switzerland the libertarians wet dream , of course as anyone would predict it 's more morally corrupt than any other nation out there, 
   oh wait , turns out we live in the best time in the history of our species . 
  oh really as grew up with a really good childhood and standard of living with one parent working and a house cost like 5x yearly salary . 
  now it seems to be 10x yearly salary for a house and not even possible to have kids and middle class lifestyle with one parent staying home . 
  sure we have fancy electronics but i do n't believe anyone is happier , the phrase `` iphones and circuses '' comes to mind, 
  no thanks but i assume neutral ireland wont be taking part anyway i hope . 
  well thanks for that answer , i 'm inclined to take your word on it despite the fact every day i 'm still glad my home was wired with cat 6 . no areas with bad coverage , no `` better restart the router issues '' and better latency and qos . 
  i 'm sure enterprise solutions are probably better implemented than your standard home wi-fi but i 've never got over the impression it 's a faster but less optimal solution to cable . 
  finland will turn the same way denmark and norway has . 
  the only difference is being richer they got a head start in attracting and experiencing what finns are now . 
  sweden will be left to be sweden on it 's own . 
   always though ? 
  why not , if you are putting in power cables why not run cat 6 too ? 
   ( assuming your finnish ? ), 
  irish living in finland so ca n't say i got the whole take on it but i 'll try . 
   1 ) is the only reason this is a big deal because it happened in the prime ministers town ? 
  pretty much so , he kinda led the charge giving up his summer home to house refugees ( [ and took the media praise for it at the time : ] ( http://yle.fi/uutiset/pm_sipila_pledges_oulu_home_to_refugees/8282824 ) ) so this seems to be a similar reflection in that him ( and his policy 's ) caused this to happen  2 ) how big of a deal is it really ? 
  are many people talking about it ? 
  it 's pretty much the top story on finnish news , in fact here it would seem to be the only story with four top stories about it as i write this . 
  it 's all over my social media pages too . 
   calling someone a pedophile , especially as a politician ( more people hear what you say , and sometimes it means more trustworthy/authority ) , can have serious repercussions though . 
  was he wrong though ? 
  from all accounts it would seem mohammed was indeed a pedophile, 
  well this is going to be a big deal , rape happened in the hometown of the prime minister who basically gave up his home to these refugees, 
  does n't matter , even if it was only in turkish airspace if they hit the plane over syria that 's on turkey and an act of war, 
   free mass media again mother of lol , no yo do n't you have a literal ministry of propaganda  gas imports are now diversified . 
  while we still consume some russian gas , so where do you get gas from , russian gas that passes through europe first is still russian gas, 
  damm it kinda does make more sense when you put it like that . 
  gon na have to point that out to my finnish friend/teacher, 
  i wonder how long we 'll be able to call it `` christmas '' for and how to go for the us `` holiday markets '' pc version, 
  as someone with the most basic understanding of finnish all i see is `` water ???? '', 
  either very unsure or more likely that extra k changes it into something completely different as usual . 
  i guess it did it 's job defending your waters from sea burglar 's . 
  that literal translation of `` pirate '' always cracks me up . 
  sorry you 're right i had you penned for a mod or someone who applied but turns out i recognize the name by the fact you pop up defending refugees and muslims in every possible context no matter how inexcusable . 
  well i can tell you in terms of education , employment , and criminal record muslims fall behind as well , sweden 's jails are full of them but i 'm not going to pretend i have the time to find the numbers now either , sweden no doubt stopped publishing them anyway as they do n't show what they would like them to . 
   ** if you 're going to employ thought policing ** , then 90 % of the society is not `` integrated '' - because guess what , a lot of people have radical ideas about a lot of different things . 
  the irony of an / r/europe moderator saying this is not lost on me . 
  the funny thing is the guy you are replying to gives numbers and facts and you are the one pulling numbers from the hoo hoo, 
  then they just told terrorists to stop using an easy to honeypot device and to better their encryption methods . 
  i 'd be surprised if they 're not using simple but uncrackable pgp encryption over e-mail via tor . 
  if you really want to do something like terrorist communication right do n't use your fucking playstation or whatsapp . 
  the amount of time spent researching and implementing proper opsec is more than returned by the extra sleep you get knowing you did n't fuck up and the nsa has n't got your number the next time their capability 's are leaked, 
  i think society has done that , holywood and so on shapes people into believing they want some sort of sex and the city lifestyle when it 's not really attainable for most who have a job and family . 
  that said if 24/7 daycare or nightcare was available and the government paid for one night per week that would go a long way to encouraging me to have kids knowing i can still have a social life . 
   do some research on irishman peter sutherland ... he wants to `` destroy national homogeneity '' not only they but he has said it 's a `` threat '' . 
  man i wish the ira coudl do a reunion gig to take out one more sob like this guy . 
  proper borders would go a long way to stopping terrorism . 
  as long as we are letting in anyone and everyone it does n't matter how fake their passports are because nobody is even running them against a database . 
  closing the borders to all should be the first priority or this will happen again, 
  there is no `` right '' side in syria , if you are holding a weapon there you have every right to be questioned and investigated about it if you plan on being in europe .
