   since when is it the leftist position to appease nazis by giving in to their demands ? 
  should 1930s germans have been against jews being allowed to open shops because that would incite the nazis ? 
  nobody is talking about appeasing nazi 's more about discussing the real reasons these people are coming here when the world is safer than it ever has been . 
  there was n't this many refugees when iraq and afghanistan were being actively bombed to bits , where were the refugees when ethiopia was literally in famine , where were the refugees when rwanda was under genocide . 
  facts show money is better spent helping people in their own countries , when europe is suffering an unemployment crisis taking in these people is like a red rag to anyone suffering since the depression of 2008 . 
  there will be no left in politics if this continues just neo nazi 's and right win neo liberals i.e giant douche and turd sandwich to choose between just like american politics, 
   now isis has shifted selling the oil to turkey and israel . 
  where do you get this stuff . 
  why in any logical leap would isis be selling oil to israel who they no doubt despise and second of all why would israel have anything to do with a terrorist organisation, 
  the link you provided me with claims they are selling or bartering oil with the assad government , that 's what, 
  so assad is fighting them but also funding them ?? 
  somehow that logic does n't add up and so i do n't see why yo need to be rude about it but i 'll watch that documentary it links as the source of these claims later on and see what i make of it . 
  here is the yt link i found for it : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ztwctextqxo, 
  well i 'm pretty sure these were around before neonazis or even real nazis for that matter https://www.uni-due.de/di/clonmacnoise_crosses.jpg, 
  really ... that does n't even make sense . 
  in case you have n't noticed oil is already at a bargain price . 
  there is no way their illegal outfits can compete with actual rigs and refinery 's at these prices . 
  last i checked they do n't have the ability to manufacture weapons so they either get them directly from the saudi 's or indirectly via fsa troops or syrian army spoils . 
  either way if people wanted to end this they should stop playing regime change half way around the globe and for people on the left they should be putting their efforts into anti war and not anti-racism, 
  thank you , i was setting someone up for that . 
  di n't expect an english flair though , 
   the press center of ukraine 's anti-terrorist operation ( ato ) on friday wrote the following : thanks but i 'd rather hear what the osce has to say rather than a pr front supplying info to ukrainian state television, 
  i do n't know how you are worried , \u00a8 to me as a leftist who does n't support letting these migrants in because it will lead to exactly this situation it 's the most obvious case of cause and effect ever . 
  how the european left can support this mass economic migration while ignoring facts like how the world is more peaceful than anytime in it 's history is beyond me . 
  people are being led on by their feels and it 's only the far right that will benefit . 
  any real leftist would be pragmatically against letting these people in while calling for an end to the european countries and allies flooding their home countries with arms . 
  isis does n't have supply lines you know , stop supporting `` rebels '' and you will find the wars soon simmer and die as they run out of ammo . 
  by definition it is traceable but there are means and tumblers available that will mix up your bitcoin with many other peoples transactions to ensure nobody knows who own 's what anymore when they come out the other side . 
  nope , but i do invest in hard assets . 
  most my `` money '' is in forestry . 
  of course i keep day to day wages in / expenses out money in the bank . 
  turns out i 'm a racist now and so are all my dead grandparents : /, 
  http://www.engadget.com/2015/06/25/atom-mobile-first-bank/ i 'll have to agree to disagree on cashless society as knowing how governments ca n't resist spying on our electronic communications there is little to no way they wont use the same approach when it comes to electronic transactions . 
  sure there are advantages when it comes to crime but how would organisations like wikileaks survive when governments decide you should n't be able to send them money , even the reddit alternative voat.co had it 's paypal account frozen because some srs idiots decided to make a case for the side distributing underage porn . 
  plus i would like to be able to buy some weed now and again without resorting to a barter system . 
  the amount of power this puts in the hands of a nanny state is just too much for me and i 'm not even a criminal , just someone who does n't agree with every law and does n't want some all seeing power to have the ability to sanction me for it . 
  but like i said , the more the cashless society is pushed the more pushback will happen too with the likes of bitcoin having an actual use, 
  well i 'm into my dystopic stuff but to me it 's becoming more and more obvious banks do n't want to deal with high street customers anymore and why would they since banks no longer operate in such a manner that they * need * customer deposits to operate . 
  i fully agree banks will be pretty much all online in twenty years , what i do n't know is if there will be some sort of power shift with tech companies trying to take market share from the legacy banks , in britain there was a new bank launched this year that is literally an app and nothing more . 
  cashless is a governments wet dream as well , it gives you more and more power over every aspect of peoples lives when you can simply take their money form them in the flick of a switch , there was already cases here where money for property taxes is taken directly from your bank account in the case of non payment . 
  i can see why cashless is popular in the nordics where people trust the state more but outside of that i would be very suspicious . 
  there will always be a demand for cash just because humans intrinsically want control of their money . 
  if cash is removed from society then you just gave a real reason and use case for something like bitcoin to become mainstream . 
  i wish i could find the articles now but it 's pretty much been confirmed banks are pushing for the cashless society so they can charge us for the privilege of holding our credits in their electronic accounts , i.e negative rates, 
   i only shop at a discounter ( hofer/aldi ) and spend for 150eur/week for me alone . 
  man i would love to see a receipt for what you spend $ 150 a week on . 
  i spend $ 50 per week to support myself with a pretty good diet that included meat in every main meal plus i work from home which means i eat three meals per day there . 
  that may be one plus side but no way in hell would i ever trust a bank to hold all my electronic ones and zero 's . 
  what happens where there 's a greece situation and andddits gone.jpeg , then there is the fact in the current low rate environment the banks would love to charge negative interest rates but they wont/can ' t do it as it would lead to people holding cash . 
  tryst me the last thing we want to give an over privileged banking/government class is full control over your money, 
   he pointed out that territorial sovereignty is about controlling the border , knowing who comes in and who leaves . 
  it has never been about sealing the border to migration . 
   `` let 's not pretend that what the eu and its member states are doing is working . 
  migration is here to stay who the fuck gets paid to say this shit . 
  yea but you could accidentally step on his balls taking him down . 
  he does n't need those for interrogation, 
  none , they were actually the first country to recognize ireland as independent from the brits, 
  that was more of an internal tragedy , bono has to be worst thing we inflicted on others . 
   in the case of ireland , not supporting them during a famine and treating people badly is that what you call ethnic cleansing in the uk ? 
  i 'd imagine if you did n't try the whole genocide and serfdom/enslavement thing the religious divide might have solved itself . 
  i 'm happy we were the mistake that started the fall of your empire though, 
  i dnnno man , is n't that what those `` fleshlights '' are for ? 
  while i ca n't tell if serious or trolling i 'd rather a quick efficient clean wank than a hairy shitty arse . 
  and most of them are supposed to be cooperatives last i read , meaning they are owned by the producers . 
  somewhere the idea of proper cooperatives got mixed up with crony capitalism then it would seem, 
   the farmers can riot all they want the only way prices will ever increase is if they stop selling at a low price you just said what needs to happen . 
  farmers should create and opec for milk , i mean how often do you see supermarkets protesting high milk prices , they do n't and that 's because they have too much power to dictate prices, 
  we are a neutral nation , we should n't be putting any troops into hot zones like afghanistan, 
  why are the farmers not better able to collectively bargain for prices that do n't mean they work for nothing . 
  i believe co-op 's are the most common purchaser of milk , since they are owned by the farmers so why ca n't they agree to pay farmers a fair price and pass it on down the value chain . 
  milk is way too cheap , last i checked it was down to .75 cents per liter here and i believe the farmer only gets 30 cents of that . 
  i would be happy to pay one euro and let the farmer have double, 
  do they mean like how here in europe they keep the unemployment and long term unemployment down by putting people on courses/training and mini jobs ? 
  china is said to be paying much the same for it 's gas as germany is ( which is also indexed to the oil price )  gazprom 's average gas price at the german border fell 36 percent this year as crude plunged . 
  http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-08-14/germany-proves-russia-s-most-loyal-gas-customer-as-price-plunges you who studies international relations should understand it 's not just about the price but about the petrodollar ( this agreement included provision for yaun/rouble swaps ) and the exact price to be based on other undisclosed factors but one appears to be china buying more russian oil ( as they have bumped imports from russia over other producers now too ) right now china pays some of the most expensive gas prices in the world for shipped lng [ just check this map showing gas prices globally in the american metric of $ us/mmbtu . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/m7usfic.png ) when deciding prices russia 's negotiation point would be that asia is a captive market and just becasue they can pipe it does n't mean china should get preferential pricing , china will of course be pushing volume discounts and russia 's necessity to diversify from the west to secure concessions . 
  you also have to look at the angle that piped gas to china means less expensive lng sales from australia and other western nations so even if the oil price makes this a non earner for russia in the short term , the west and gulf states are also losing a market for lng while china gets the advantage of cheap resources . 
  like this whole sanctions and more situation is proving , russia loses , europe loses , america loses and china gains . 
  yea i really regret completing that `` form a united ireland '' challenge now . 
  that said , taking london with the help of the scots and creating a celtic master race was nice . 
  you would n't think it looking at size of some people here these days, 
  but who 's land will it be ? 
  ca n't really see the swedes putting up much of a fight for it . 
  bunch of ostriches in this sub and my country , heads buried in the sand . 
  wishing and hoping if they pretend things get better that it will actually work . 
  the entire globe is being bought by corporations but since they do n't know what to do they try to pretend like it 's not happening . 
  not really here is an extract and perhaps better article and analysis of these numbers . 
  while it 's nice to hear some positive news and numbers not much of that growth is within the country nor is it beneficial to the country . 
   while relatively small , ireland 's economy is one of the most globalized on earth , hosting a variety of multinational companies that account for a large share of its economic output . 
   its complexity may explain why ireland is so much later than most other developed economies in releasing economic growth figures . 
  on thursday , its central statistics office published gross domestic product figures for the first three months of 2015 . 
  that release came on the same day that the u.s. released growth figures for the three months to june , and a day after the . 
  u.k. did the same . 
  the rest of the eurozone released first quarter growth figures on may 15 . 
   the figures showed that gdp rose by 1.4 % from the final three months of 2014 , and by a staggering 6.5 % from a year earlier , not far short of china 's growth rate during the same period . 
  that performance puts ireland on track to record the fastest expansion in europe for the second straight year , and possibly the strongest growth for a developed economy globally . 
   but there are caveats . 
  lots of caveats . 
  so many , in fact , that some economists question whether the gdp figures alone say very much about economic activity . 
   ** one issue is the profits made by all those multinational companies , many of which are american .
