  i do n't fully agree with getting rid of subsidy 's either , what i do n't like is they actually favor big european producers over the small farmers so i disagree that it would kill agriculture in europe becasue right now agriculture in europe is being killed by the middle men who have a stranglehold on prices because of overproduction . 
  that said they could be scaled out gradually which would allow the food price shocks to be absorbed and native agriculture to become competitive again . 
  wow just wow , calls the island a shithole , wo n't even give the perspective of a local , blames greece for everything . 
  well this is what people living there have to put up with [ interview 1 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c8x9oay_mo8 ) [ interview 2 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rgimjy8v0ja ) bbc , you are totally done and nothing better than rt or any other propaganda network in my view now, 
   the effects * sugar farmers in europe are guaranteed a price for their sugar which is three times higher than the world price . 
  mozambique loses more than # 70m a year because of restrictions on importing into europe coupled with the dumping of cheap exports at its door , while 12,000 workers in swaziland have lost their jobs because the local industry can not compete . 
  * wheat kenya , nigeria and senegal have been hit by cheap , subsidised imports from europe while the # 30 paid to british farmers for every tonne of wheat they produce inflates the price of breakfast cereals , bread and other goods in britain . 
  * milk thousands of tonnes of surplus powdered milk from the eu are dumped in west african countries such as mali at a cheaper price than local cattle owners can sell at , holding economic growth back . 
  the dairy subsidies have driven farmers in india and jamaica out of business . 
  * chicken our preference for chicken breasts and legs means that thighs and wings are often frozen and exported to africa where they are sold for rock-bottom prices . 
  chicken farmers in senegal and ghana used to supply most of the country 's demand - now their market share has shrunk to 11 per cent because subsidised imports are 50 per cent cheaper . 
  this is like the second time in 24 hours you used that packaged excuse : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3jxy8p/austria_to_close_borders_to_refugees_again/cutabo8 i 'm not saying it 's invalid but looking at your post history you must really feel it 's your job to defend illegal migration or something, 
  most normal secular syrians who are not gone off the walls jihad also support assad as well . 
  but yet here we have the us and gulf allies trying to destabilize the chance of normal in that region . 
  i actually hope europe starts bombing isis and the rebels and does it right , it 's about time we did our own foreign policy . 
  good thing we have good guy russia and iran then . 
  so why the fuck is tareq and other migrants not being forced to cooperate with police in tracking down the smugglers who brought them here . 
   for an extra 4,000 euros , wired to tareq by his family to his north athens hotel , a fake french passport and a slovak id card were arranged to help him board a flight to france . 
   once there , tareq could reach sweden unhindered , traveling through europe 's schengen area , where border controls are no longer routinely made . 
   sweden has a long tradition of welcoming refugees . 
  paperwork can be minimal and arrivals are given a medical test before being moved on to temporary homes . 
  tareq was one of 81,000 people who sought asylum there last year , second in europe only to germany , with syrians making up the biggest group . 
  i man do people think these people care if you are a wealthy middle class economic immigrant from an area of syria not even affected by war or an isis member wanting fake documents to make sure you are not stopped by police . 
  oh and why is sweden not asking any questions about why a syrian is showing up with fake french papers and basically a criminal the moment he lands in the country . 
   also , if the eu ( and maybe us ) stopped subsidising agriculture , the global food prices would rise so much that half the world would probably go hungry . 
  in a way it would actually help the third world too as dumping of eu and us ` cheap ' food is what kills off their native agriculture and makes them dependent on us . 
  in a way it 's a form of soft/medium hard power . 
  well there is no easy answer to this i think , firstly the `` subsidy 's '' that the actual farmers i know receive are more to do with good practice like protecting habitats , not cutting hedgerows when birds are nesting in spring and so on than actually producing food . 
  on the other hand i do read the largest share of cap funding actually goes to big agri producers and conglomerates who in reality do n't need it and in fact it also benefits them more too ( since i thought the idea of subsidy 's were to keep farmers producing and in business not to help big business ) . 
  but then what happens if you have no subsidy 's , i guess we then have to stop imports of cheap us produce unless we want to become dependent on them the same way the eu and the usa have made the third and second world dependent on us and our agriculture dies out . 
  you only have to look at the problems russia is having trying to make it 's agriculture competitive again to know why that 's a bad geopolitic risk to take . 
  hopefully someone more knowledgeable than me fills in the gaps in my logic here but there is lots of pro 's and cons and i think for sure one of them would be more expensive food prices for the consumer . 
  maybe if the usa did it we could afford to do it too . 
  to those whining about how `` they went too far pushing barricades with that tractor '' now you know why they did n't . 
  peaceful protest only goes so far , civil disobedience where nobody is seriously hurt get gets results while riots get you in jail . 
  at least the drama is fun , i spent more time on this sub than usual today as a result . 
  maybe it 's the plan , or maybe we all just have to wait until it 's past french bedtime to post now, 
  just like the actual eu it 's quite clear they are not trying to run any sort of democracy here though : / i would expect some some of revolt from the other mods though as who would want to be associated with that . 
  rip / u/lobo-bastich you crazy kamikaze warrior you . 
   the u.s. side tends to be on the religious extremist side  russian on the totalitarian kleptocracy side . 
  i think i 'd take a future chechnya over a future libya any day , at least a strongman can keep the shit in the box . 
  well it f'ing well did when your terrorist of an ex president told the whole world if you do n't do what your told then you 're a terrorist as well ... in the eyes of the usa, 
  so i guess putins chess game is working out . . 
  angry farmers want their export destination back, 
  * if i 'm gon na die , i 'm gon na die historic on the fury road !, 
  well screw this , we really are germany 's little gimp whipping boy these days are n't we . 
  by the way does anyone know what sinn fein 's policy 's are on this becasue i assume as nationalists i 'm better off giving them my vote now to end this charade ? 
  in fairness a good bunch of that 15.5 % is brits which most count as the same but it 's also much higher than i thought too, 
  yes becasue cheap labor/no benefits and back then `` white '' was the only criteria required for * legal * immigration, 
   97 % of the population is ethnically irish eh no it 's not , last i checked something like 10 % of the population were not born here, 
  as an irish person i agree , it 's sickening to see our good name be sullied by multinationals buying out our country and using it as a tax haven . 
  i dread to think how much shady deals are being done behind the scenes with our corrupt bunch of asshats we put in power, 
  wow that guy should go shoot himself, 
  exactly , which is why i would prefer less of them , the politics of illegal immigration mean we can only expect more, 
  really because judging by the love for donald trump in the polls it seems the putin tell it as it is image goes down quite well for americans . 
  i think for every american that says they hate putin there is another one that secretly wishes he was theirs, 
  yes and irish people legally emigrating to the us where they had no welfare or protections just a chance to work and earn a living is different to people claiming to be fleeing war but refusing to stay in perfectly safe countries because they welfare systems do n't pay as good, 
  you see here 's we differ you think of multiculturalism as an ethnic thing , i think of it as a societal thing . 
  if someone comes to my country should are expected to conform to the norms society has laid down there . 
  ( i believe the usa is no different in this regard ) if people setup multiple cultures and ghettos in my state that is called tribalism and it 's incompatible with the welfare state which requires we all pull our weight , have a sense of national unity and work hard to preserve the institutions of the nation we belong to . 
   how exactly do you identify politically , out of curiosity ? 
  that 's a good question i sometimes fail to answer myself . 
  i guess i would fit best as the anti capitalist/anti corporatism far left , i recognize that these people are being screwed over just as we here in europe are also tools of what is now globalism but as long as it will take 3.4 earth 's to give everyone the same standard of living as the usa then that option is simply not possible , ( we ca n't help everyone without dragging ourselves down ) . 
  but that 's kinda going toward the big picture when i always tend to do . 
  in europe we have two good things , good community meaning strong ties between peoples of nations which urge them to cooperate and help each other and social systems that protect the weakest in society . 
  one thing i noticed and started to learn when i lived in scandanavia for a while is that multiculturalism is n't compatible with the welfare state , when people pay high taxes to fund many social programs it 's because they are helping their fellow people , now it does n't mean you have to be ethnically the same but for sure immigrants need to assimilate otherwise people will just take what they can to better their own group . 
  that is my biggest fear about this wave of refugees , if and when it does n't work out and these people become a burden on the taxpayers you will have calls from the ever growing right to abolish welfare state model and go the more american route . 
  i guess out of two evils i prefer state capitalism to globalism as at least with the former the people of nations ( or community 's as the anarchist in me prefers to say ) have some direct control over what happens around them . 
  and now i just realized after writing four paragraphs of not very coherent thoughts that i still do n't know where i fit on any political scale . 
  i guess you could simply say leftist progressive who looks at the big picture and not the human interest stories . 
   is this where he tells us his evil plan before telling us we will be buried i believe this is a copy of his speech https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3ixxu1ujna, 
  well if you go further back the plantations and the pernament fucking up and division of irish culture by the forced british immigration seems more relevant to me, 
  funny i never read anything about libyan refuges in algeria/egypt, 
  and what do all those things have in common , western military 's fucked them up in operations i have protested should never happen . 
  but hey no point saying i was right and they were wrong now i guess . 
  of course we need to help these people but in a way that does n't tear the social fabric of the european welfare states apart in the process , the idea of turkey setting up a camp which i now read on the front page sounds ideal in my view and lets send them all the money we can spare ... but most importantly in turkey . 
  these people need to know they ca n't just travel here , believe me once that message is got to them the number of refugees will suddenly slow . 
   multiculturalism is inevitable , it is not something you can avoid so there is no use in trying , you must adapt to this reality . 
  no it 's not , just look at japan , they have one dominant culture and sure there may be a demographic problem but you know what else they do n't have ... ghettos and crime problems . 
  i would much rather my country become japan than become the multicultural police state utopia you have going on in the usa . 
   you are literally saying that you oppose letting migrants in because it will lead to violent attacks against them by nazis . 
  that is literally appeasement : giving someone what they want so that they wo n't turn to violence . 
  no i 'm saying we ca n't let them in because when what we all know what will happen happens ( they do n't return to their home country , they are higher reflected in unemployment and welfare recipient statistics and the obvious terrorism ) it will be the fault of `` the generic bleeding heart left '' plus there is the fact it 's a ridiculous short sighted method of dealing with the issue , no country has space for more `` migrants '' yet nobody will give a number for how many we can take , i mean do we start saying no more after one million , two million , how many ? 
  it 's a policy thats doomed to fail and it wont be the right wing voter base that suffers because of it . 
  that is my reasoning , it 's about political survival and not being made a scapegoat for failed immigration policy 's that we already see going wrong in sweden, 
  it 's called pragmatism , i want the left to be a strong voice in europe so we do n't fall the way of neo liberal economics and race to the bottom employment contracts , i want our welfare states to remain in tact and not be worn down by successive waves of immigrants who as facts demonstrate are more likely to be long term unemployed and more likely to be welfare recipients than contributors . 
  it 's an inconvenient truth among those on the left that welfare states and multiculturalism do n't go hand in hand , unless people integrate fully into society there will be people who do n't care about abusing the system and then it all begins to fall apart . 
  i want to save what we have worked so hard to build here in europe but hey it seems you want to make it a race issue here although i 'm not taking that bait although vastly different cultures are of course harder to assimilate . 
  how about these apples : the world is actually safer than ever . 
  and here 's the data to prove that http://www.pri.org/stories/2014-10-23/world-actually-safer-ever-and-heres-data-prove, 
  nope i do n't want anyone `` pure '' i just do n't see how people can be brainwashed into being told all islamics are extremists by the media for decades and then not feel at all uncomfortable as they take up and ever bigger proportion of the population . 
  logic says people will feel conflicted between wanting to help ( compassion ) and fear as they have been fed isis material and media fear porn for decades now . 
  in the end fear always wins and that 's why the silent right wing is growing in every country . 
  but sure play your stupid rape analogy , i 'm just trying to not watch over the downfall of the european left who should be protesting the war in syria and western support for it not shaming people concerned about immigration and the possibility for taking in extremists and terrorists in the process . 
  you literally took a comment about the direction of leftist politics and went straight to nazi 's , wow just wow . 
  maybe you should consider the average persons fears instead of whatever utiopa you construct in your mind . 
  the media has been brainwashing people about islamic extremism for decades now and then people are supposed to not have conflicting opinions about opening the gates to anyone and everyone from the region . 
  most people want to help but in reality they are conflicted as they are told these people are dangerous ever since 9/11 . 
  reality is aveage joes human side wants to help these people but also bought the islamic extremist line mainstream media has been feeding for year and is suspicious of them now that he does n't want to help them here . 
  letting in more of these people just creates a melting pot atmosphere and one day something will kick off and nobody will be safe,
