  the user claimed american milk was `` full of puss . '', 
  he 's clearly implying that our milk is gross . 
  i just seen the linked on but yea in that case i take it back , you were right to point that out . 
  i call that a failure of your retarded voting system that pushes people to vote like that, 
  on a sidenote where can i get a print of that [ merkel poster ] ( http://i.imgur.com/9w4qey9.png ) it 's fucking glorious, 
  nobody in ireland has a single fucking clue what it 's all about from what i hear if that adds any clarity . 
  i think the german argument would be private sector with german regulations  private sector with american regulations, 
  wow , your source is your own reddit comment . 
  nothing else to add i just wanted to comment on how hilarious i found that . 
  but fwiw , i 'd rather ok with minute levels of rather harmless discharge or `` puss '' as you call it in my milk than support the overuse of antibiotics as a preventative measure reducing their subsequent effectiveness . 
  pasteurization kills anything inherently harmful including the bacterias in the shit and piss that gets all over the cows oversize tits that only get a wipe of a rag before milking . 
  its funny how you 're turning this into an `` eewww '' issue , in europe we do n't wash eggs after they come out of the chickens arse so the membrane that keeps them airtight and fresh remains intact . 
  i think history will prove dan to be right , his comments on russia are based on the historical `` spheres of influence '' which some people stupidly believe have gone away and do n't matter . 
  he is so level headed and analytical is his podcasts about the russia situation it 's a pleasure to behold compared to traditional media . 
  yes people will spend more on healthcare as they age and i support the fact that people who only take out private health-care policy when they reach older age should be charged more ( just like they will be ) likewise i support obese people , ( those with a bmi over 30 ) should have a loading on their premium as they are much more likely to have health complications than a person of a healthy weight . 
  i 'm afraid you are wrong there source : http://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2013/11/obesity-not-old-people-is-making-healthcare-expensive/281444/ also here in ireland we are introducing age related levy 's for those in their mid thirty 's , now if only we could get one for people with a bmi in the thirty 's . 
  source : http://www.irishtimes.com/news/health/over-35s-warned-to-get-health-insurance-before-increase-1.2125862, 
   it 's the duty of richer nations to look after refugees , so yea it is the right thing to do . 
  is it the duty of richer nations to give all of africa false hope that they too can get one a boat and sail to europe to be taken care of ? 
  is it the duty of richer nations to demand less well off nations in europe take care of these unwanted migrants against their own wishes ? 
  is it the duty of richer nations to give the double figure percentage of unemployed in europe the middle finger and introduce more unqualified labour while simultaneously stretching already strained welfare budgets . 
  kindly eff off already , the only reason you think the sjw terms is stupid is becasue deep down it aptly describes the minority of people in support of taking in illegal immigrants to europe becasue it makes them feel all warm and cosy inside . 
  the right thing for whom ? 
  i think you 'll find most eu citizens are against taking in illegal migrants hence why i 'm against any united europe to be built with the current eu vision and immigration policy backed by it 's biggest economy . 
  not while germany is pushing it 's sjw policy 's of helping ever asylum seeker they come across, 
  good , as a fit and healthy person in my late 20s i 'm actually refusing to buy medical insurance here in ireland simply becasue they are not allowed to discriminate against those who are very obviously higher risk ( i 'm mainly looking at the obese category here ) so i would end up paying higher premiums becasue of everyone else 's bad lifestyles . 
  putting the money i save into an etf and to be honest i will probably keep doing it this was as . 
  a. it 's motivation to live a healthy lifestyle in the first place b. 
  if i end up with some horrible debilitating illness i 'm the sort of person who would n't want my life dragged out anyway . 
  insurance companies only care about the numbers and obesity is the biggest force multiplier when it comes to likelyhood of needing medical treatment '' so yea do n't brother playing your games fat people cost the rest of us money and are the biggest problem in that regard when you consider boozers and smokers pay already through taxes, 
  note how the first two of those three highest risk groups pretty much pay for their increased change of illness through taxes but one does n't . 
  it 's the simplest logic going that obese people should be forced to pay more for health insurance . 
  how about investing in a big long stick we can simply use to poke and point the boats back to libya from international waters . 
  not our problem if they are in libyan territory, 
  i 'm ashamed to think you might actually be irish . 
  if so have you ever considered a career in politics , all that 's required is a lack of a spine-bone and a taistefor rich moneyed creditor taint licking, 
  you should get one of those screencapture bots to snap a picture of the original article when it 's submitted so the paper trail is there, 
   ca n't strip a world cup based on suspicion . 
  got ta have a court case . 
  which we do now . 
  it it could be stripped based on butthurt it would be taken from russia long ago . 
  quit your whataboutism , 
   and nobody would notice it . 
  yea that 's exactly what it 's about , doming something people do n't want and hoping they wo n't notice . 
  thats as bad as state sanctioned drug dealing in my view hoping * nobody will notice it *, 
   i am not against the organisation of a whole , but they are being brainwashed to love their country unconditional . 
  which is just plain wrong . 
  what do you call standing to recite the pledge of allegiance everyday in american schools then ? 
  after looking at wikipedia and articles it seems you might be right , i thought the lifting of bans on websites was them pulling away from the ban . 
  in any case it makes practical sense to ban it there as bitcoin would otherwise become a great way to skirt ngo funding bans and so on , support of dissidents and so on, 
   seldom do you find teachers who encourage children toward enhanced learning . 
  thats your job , at home , or in your private tutors place . 
  figure it out yourself , nobody is stopping you, 
  or you know they could have just accepted jovanovichs offer of fresh elections in six months and removed him democratically . 
  old news is old : http://www.newsbtc.com/2015/05/18/bitcoin-websites-allowed-again-in-russia/, 
  sure , hopefully does n't mean i cant remain neutral about something i admittedly know little about and just enjoy the drama from the sidelines though . 
  with fallout 4 and davidreis666 being kicked from mod this is just an amusing and amazing day, 
  le drama continues ... . . 
  what are you talking about i see `` 84 % upvoted '' now compare that to articles negative about ukraine or it 's economy which barely break 50 % like the one i just posted . 
  scandanavian summer is amazing too but being irish myself with a finnish wife means we both have our different reasons pulling us to both places at different times . 
  since i can work anywhere that usually means vacation times ( and when i otherwise want to get away from the missus ) in ireland, 
  yep , summering in ireland as we speak and enjoying the advantages of being a remote worker, 
  yea i was banned by mr davisreis for no reason becasue i simply posted proof a woman in sweden made up an anti semetism story . 
  if i had n't protested it and more reasonable mods listened i 'd be banned too . 
  put simply while free speech is not a right this sub has been overly hard on censorship hence why it 's obvious people are pissed off about it and some mods have been removed, 
  thats why smart people hedge , financial illiteracy is something constantly exploited by the financier and banking classes and they will never fix it as it allows them to do exactly what they did in 2008 , crash and burn the economy and expect bailouts as `` the poor people will lose their deposits '' and politicians ca n't have that . 
  tough love and education is needed , i mean how much can it cost the state to have public service financial advisors speak to people about big decisions like buying a house . 
  i bought a house near the peak of the irish property boom , i knew it was a big risk but i wanted to buy my own house so with some approval form an advisor i offset the home purchase with short positions on property developers and the main banks in ireland . 
  that way i was covered either way . 
  if property boom continues my house gains value but i probably lose the same gain in the stock market , if the housing bubble pops i capitalize on the resulting calamity but lose those gains in the value thats knocked off my own property . 
  to me that was simple logic and i 'm no banker , the only thing i had doubts about was what how much i should henge in the other direction to withstand a 20 % devaluation . 
  we did pop math but in the end i actually came out on top as i allocate more savings to my short position as the economy started rolling over . 
   nazis were defeated with force not words if so i do n't see how mere words are any threat to whatever belief or value system you subscribe to , hence why i 'm not in favor of censorship . 
  it has nothing to do with my ideology . 
   you people lol , what 's with the * you people * , i do n't believe in censoring opinion and feel open debate is better than controlling a narrative and that makes me a nazi . 
  i do n't post on that sub at all , i 'm simply saying i knew where to get the low down on the drama that was censored here have a good look in the mirror mate if you think i 'm the fascist here, 
  well i live in ireland and i can tell you our `` recovery '' has more to do with immigration and simply `` taking it '' than anything else . 
  greeks protested ( rightfully in my view ) and investers got scared . 
  irish remained passive and investors returned . 
  personally i do n't like being thrown a biscuit by the international financier class just for being a good austerity nation . 
  i see i 'm speaking to one of the reddit `` safe space '' proponents no doubt anyway i was referencing the thread where said nazi lunatics were downvoted and told how their opinion is stupid and damaging to the overall image of that subreddit in general not * defending * them as you so eloquently put it http://np.reddit.com/r/european/comments/387dn1/davidreiss666_reuropean_racism_personal_insults/crtanet oh and you can stop hatred more effectively by calling it out rather than deleting it , imagine if we removed all the real life racists by putting a bag over their head and deleting them , that is surely a good policy / s, 
  you do n't see my point , if a european nation banned anyone with nazi views and kicked them to russia for example . 
  the same european nation then pointing to russia and going `` look it 's full of nazi 's '' is equivalent to the vilification of that sub i see here . 
  now you have people with their own and opposite agenda using that racist image to poison the well . 
  i do n't frequent that sub but at the same time i knew it would be the place to find the low down on the drama that i knew would be censored here and from what i read in the discussion there there was a lot of people giving out and downvoting the nazi 's there as that image is one most people do n't agree with . 
   the alternative is we just turn into / r/european thats just a red herring , not sure if i 'll get banned for linking the conversation about the leaks that was hosted there but in any case it 's obvious the racists that do exist here are being driven there rather than it outright being a racist sub . 
  you might find it on that other more extremist european subreddit that kinda popped up as a direct result of davidreis 's sjw ` ness, 
   dr is no longer a mod of / r/europe [ 1 ] who cares , lets have a guillotine party , leave your pitchforks at the gate . 
  and someone who thinks we 're all racists . 
  well not one metric thats for sure , a combination of labor market participation rate ( how much people economically active in a country ) rising real wage growth ( increased competition for labour ) , median inome and so on would be much more telling and that 's just a few metrics . 
  near inflection or near * inflation * ? 
  either way gdp is no magic barometer of health in an economy, 
   i 'm interested to see what the eu will come up with `` to combat the propaganda '' . 
  well i don \\ t know about the eu but nato have jumped straight into counter propaganda which basically means doing the same thing . 
   `` the threat of conventional warfare has changed and we have to recognise that information can be a weapon , '' said mark laity , chief of strategic communication at nato 's allied command operations in mons , belgium . 
  `` whether used for disinformation , deception or plain fabrication to create false narratives , we have to be aware of and be able to respond to this challenge . 
  this course will improve our ability to operate in the information arena both effectively and in line with our values as free and open societies . '' http://www.stratcomcoe.org/newsandevents/news/2015/5/12.aspx, 
  never fear , nato stratcom latvia is now here * countering propaganda : nato spearheads use of behavioural change science * http://www.stratcomcoe.org/newsandevents/news/2015/5/12.aspx, 
  initially i thought so too but now it seems i may be wrong http://www.rferl.org/content/ukraine-russian-pow-issue-war-crime-concerns/27025069.html i guess putin can thank one d rumpsvelt and his torture of `` enemy combatants '' i.e civilians who happened to be in a place, 
  strangely enough cheney 's `` enemy combatants '' seems to be the precedent that lead the the rules that a soldier must come from two country 's at war to be changed .
