  now i wont speculate on what exactly happened but it obviously spooked russia and there no doubt europe and the eu gave overt support to that overthrow of government . 
  join the dots as you like but there is more than one side to blame here and russia reacted to what they seen , eu jumped on board the usa 's side of events after the fact and here we are with lines drawn and everyone loses except the usa ... it makes me sad is all . 
   most of them in east ukraine want to be an eu member i 'd really love a citation on that one , calling putin a dictator and being unable to understand ukraine is ideologically and historically split down the middle is almost libya/iraq war level of naive . 
  do you want to be a pawn of the usa because cutting economic ties with a large part of your neighborhood on hteir command is how you become a vassal . 
  i did n't say we need to emulate them but cutting off economic cooperation only makes europe more weak in it 's ability to chart it 's own course , now being more isolated we can look forward to being lorded over even more by the usa which as have just as much distaste for as russia . 
  ensuring sovereignty is what 's important to me and you do n't go about that by cutting off a natural strategic source of hydrocarbons . 
  in my perfect world europe would be more united and be giving two fingers to the us and russia while trading with both on our own terms since we make everything we need to survive here anyway . 
  whitewashing implies emotions , geopolitics has no place for emotions ,, 
  does n't mean i agree with the direction it 's headed in though which is basically corporatism, 
  well we could stop letting them do business here , that is unless ttip makes it illegal to hurt their feelings, 
   you ca n't be surprised a crooked private financial institution run by sociopaths is doing crooked unethical things , so tell me , why do we let such institutions exist then ? 
  corruption perhaps ? 
  the us wont reign in it 's financial terrorists ? 
  your constant hate for putin in every thread is hilarious to watch, 
  yea i 'm not even russian but if i was i 'd probably be pretty happy with him . 
  fact is he is a strong leader who is n't about to let his country get steam-rolled by the west . 
  we could use someone like that here, 
   i can imagine a united eu would be more friendly towards russia . 
  at least have some kind of free trade agreement regarding natural resources unlikely while we have eastern europe being all paranoid with their daddy issues, 
  and what happened to goldman , did they or any bankers go to jail ? 
  no goldman sachs cooked their books , if i ask my account to help me move money around to do the same thing they have an obligation to report me but for goldman they get a paycheck and an opportunity to bed against an eventual greek default . 
  makes me sick how nobody points blame at them and this sort of behaviour is tolerated, 
  it 's the asbergers/autism . 
  redditors seem pretty bad t picking up any double meaning unless it has / s stated, 
  propaganda minister right here i see . 
  you relly think that 's morally ok ? 
  sorry but you just brought up the defining example of what killed my faith n western journalism , the nyt practically acted as the propganda arm of the us state department in selling that war and peddling their bullcrap dishwasher liquid to a wider audience . 
  sure there is risk something may not be 100 % real but we are talking about actual documents , first hand sources and past events so it 's easier confirmed too, 
   i remember in the early 2000s newspapers across the west were hedging -- if not convinced -- that saddam had wmds . 
  that is n't to say the journalists are wrong in this case ; i just that i do n't believe they 're capable of lending much credence . 
  being fed bullshit by the usa is different than exposing the bullshit of the usa, 
  yea i guess in russia the term fascism is tied to the nazi 's which also helps keep any discussion of the topic at home at bay . 
  i was just interested in seeing what you would say as this sort of ridicule `` nazijew \u2122 '' is a good tactic in actually diverting reasonable discussion of facts like i prefer to stick to and just tried to engage in . 
  why ca n't jews be fascist or so you believe that ? 
  fascism is generally regarded as the coming together of industry and the state and it 's also no secret most ukrainian oligarchs are jewish . 
  joke all you want but there is a semblance of logic to the otherwise bizarre statement, 
  eh source ... where is it ? 
  i thought this was a rule now ? 
  i got ta say , for an original hitler they seem quite cheap . 
  i ca n't help but feel this comments section has n't read the blog post at all , i have and it makes incredible sense ... give greece some slack and they give up the final say over their budgets to a fiscal advisory board as well as other half way measures . 
  it also does n't help that everyone is outright lying about greece , the other day our finance minister went on a rant saying how they ca n't be expected to do more for greece when they have a higher minimum wage . 
  straight up i knew this had to be bullshit and looked up the numbers . 
  turns out the greek minimum wage is about $ 700 per month on a salary basis and as yanis says if you do n't work as many hours as demanded of you then expect to be replaced . 
  all the haters here can shit on greece all you want but i doubt any of you would put up with the wages and work conditions there for a week and yet you wonder why capital and people are fleeing the economy . 
  the lies are the worst though . 
  this is the cold truth right here, 
  [ and indians ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:india_male_to_female_sex_ratio_1941_1951_1961_1981_1991_2001_2011.png ) plus i agree , as someone who has lived in rural ireland do n't underestimate it, 
   silly question , if we denegrate the aussies , and the aussies denegrate you , then who do you denegrate ? 
  why the british of course , it 's a perfect circle or jerking , either the brits or irish americans you ai n't seen nothing until you see an irish stag party in riga complaining to the locals about how the british act like louts, 
  [ when it comes to smearing the irish , australia is the world 's serial offender ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/jun/04/when-it-comes-to-smearing-the-irish-australia-is-the-worlds-serial-offender ) i sort of ca n't blame them , when the recession hit it was like we exported all lots of our entitled celtic tiger kids who were earning $ 30k per year working on building sites over there . 
  australia would be their natural habitat other than ibiza in europe i think they just continued their own party, 
   there is no stereotype for irish people doing something stupid oh there is , australian media hates us . 
  even the irish media had something to say about a nyt op-ed article about the deaths of some irish students when a balcony holding up 14 or so collapsed in the past few days giving our about `` drunken irish students trashing houses ''  the article insinuated that the j1 visa program had become an ` embarrassment ' for ireland due to ` drunken partying ' . 
   the ambassador denied that this was the case , and defended j1 students and the contribution they make both to the us and to ireland . 
  http://www.irishexaminer.com/breakingnews/ireland/irish-ambassador-defends-j1-students-in-critical-letter-to-ny-times-682516.html http://www.irishtimes.com/culture/tv-radio-web/new-york-times-article-a-fantastic-distortion-of-j-1s-1.2253154 and i must admit after seeing the behavior of many irish abroad i ca n't say they are 100 % wrong in pointing it out although maybe it was a tad insensitive, 
   because greek euros have special , recogniazable codes and could easilly be worthless for non-greek banks should a grexit happen . 
  you really think given the size of greece 's tourism industry that the notes in circulation are all greek issued ? 
  are the greek notes i brought home in change on my holidays now void in the event of default ? 
  i do n't think you have fully thought through the implications of that statement but i 'd love to see where you sourced it ... 
  why not just withdraw it , euro 's are n't going anywhere and that 's what makes this quite different from any other default event . 
  they agreed in principal , they sign it on monday . 
  tsipras meets putin tomorrow , can you take a guess what will be up for discussion ? 
  putin would n't need to extend them 50bn . 
  without interest payments the greek economy was running a surplus this year . 
  russia would simply need to extend them credit at market rates post default so the county can keep a lid on the fallout . 
  why ? 
  if anything it 's only going to infuriate the rational europeans who want them gone . 
  it 's also pretty easy thing to say when we sit happy on an island far from the center of the crisis while thousands more of their illegal friends get word in africa that ireland is open season but only make it as far as italy as that is where they will be registered and forced to stay . 
  yea but heres the thing if we had shown solidarity with greece and iceland in the beginning me and you might spent seven years making the initial payments to those f ******, 
  exactly and nobody questioned and still the incompetent fools in power who said they would not be paying these junior bondholders have over 25 % of the vote guaranteed still . 
  i still ca n't believe how idiotic and ignorant to the truth people are in this country . 
  the `` ah well '' attitude makes me want to shoot myself in the head sometimes just to see if i get the same reaction, 
  oh i was there at every protest from the beginning and involved in organization . 
  i 'm still ashamed at how passive and placid our people have become , the country has been sold out from underneath them and they ca n't be bothered to do anything more than a facebook post about it . 
  afaik none of the banks took any sort of haircut on their failed irish adventures , we were told to suck it up and paid them like a bunch of stupid paddies . 
  sorry i just had to post this , greece is good for bitcoin . 
  but jokes aside i wonder is this a sign of future capital controls, 
   and germany for the jews why stop at the jews then , if that 's the theory you owe greece some money too, 
  how would the media even respond . 
  just a few lines of text saying they need to ban billboards no doubt . 
   in denmark and hungary on billboards are things like : `` if you come here , you have to respect our culture '' . 
  just wondering now is there anything stopping me buying a billboard in sweden and posting a captain sweden comic there telling them to wake the fuck up and discuss this issue like normal human beings . 
  same here , devalue the fuck out of the euro wiemar style and grant ourselves a debt jubilee in one go . 
  [ i miss the days of having a nun two inches from my ballsack ] ( http://imgur.com/wdexeex ), 
  i think the result has also left it 's mark on german people , i 've actually heard many of them say they are now responsible for `` protecting '' the jews because of what they did , eh if you were n't born then , you 're not responsible for shit and jews are doing just fine starting wars in their own little country now, 
  surely this must only reinforce the view that western governments involved in this and their lapdogs in the media is gone to shit though . 
  for european and * western * geopolitcs yes . 
  it would probably be no worse no better in the long run for greek people, 
   incompetent populists syriza have shown themselves to far more competent than any of their predecessors but yea continue with the ad hominem if it makes you feel better about them pointing out everything that was wrong with the initial greek bailouts, 
  so in other words central bank intervention in the bond markets aka distorted capitalism, 
   12.5 % is a pittance when compared with your scenario . 
  no it 's not as that 12.5 % of all out taxes and vat et cetera is being sucked out of economy to pay for the gambling debts of banks and to help out oligarchs like denis o brien . 
   if you think 8 billion is big , i 'd love to hear how exactly you would have corrected the budget deficit in a single year . 
  i never said the * state * defect needs to be corrected in a year . 
  iceland got interim loans from the imf to give them time to correct the state defect , and that same state defect would be been rectified much faster if huge chunks of it were n't interest on loans taken to pay off private banking debt . 
   ments on national debt or on national debt post bailout ? 
  further , this is simply bullshit , debt payments make up a very small part of expenditure . 
  the cost of servicing the national debt in 2014 was estimated at $ 8.25 billion while total revenue was $ 64 billion http://www.statista.com/statistics/275338/government-revenue-and-spending-in-ireland/ 8 billion per year is no small sum but it does make us a nice debt colony making up 12.5 % of total state spending . 
   so in your scenario we would be in the same situation , but with the added implication of a collapsed financial system and no hope of refinancing imf/ecb loans at a lower rate . 
  first you say that you 'd create a balanced budget , now you 're saying you 'd ask for a bailout .
