  he 's probably just setting himself up for a coup should things go really bad . 
  that man only cares about money and business and i 'm pretty sure he likes the cheap labour, 
   even if they make it here , `` being from africa '' is n't a reason for asylum . 
  they 'll just get sent back . 
  no they will just do like every other non forward thinking civilization , over breed , run out of resources , start a war because of said shortage of resources and then whine until some bleeding hearts europeans let them in . 
  lets not forget the first protests in syria started because of some dry years , crop failure and poor farmers moving to the cities fueling civil unrest, 
  in this moment i am euphoric . 
  although i 'm still not sure whats better , seeing england get knocked out in the group stage of their won world cup or knocking them out of their own world cup ourselves, 
  i often downvote your viewpoints but i do agree with you on the realism here , one caveat though , russia built a few sections of the ships in russia and technology transfer was part of the deal . 
  while it will slow them down the russians did n't exactly learn nothing in the process . 
   russian interest is to incorporate festering wound of donbas - that they themselves created - into ukrainian map and keep it that way wow you people are just never happy are you , first you want to fight russia as they want to take part of your country , now that according to you russia does n't want it you do n't want it either . 
  sometimes it 's faster and easier to hit a nail on the head with a hammer than twist and turn a screw . 
  i get what your post is saying , i do n't quite agree and i was left feeling `` why did this guy drive me on the scenic route '' to make a point that could have been made with 50 % less verbosity . 
  gift all the gold plated korans you want but it wont fix the problem which is that islam is a violent theocracy that does not fit with the modern world . 
  yes it 's bad when violence is met with violence but nobody lies down when they are being rubbed up against aggressively . 
  if you want to know what islamic states and by proxy it 's people think about universal human rights you only have to look to the cairo declaration on human rights since the one every other civilized people signed was `` not compatible with shari'ah law '' https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cairo_declaration_on_human_rights_in_islam, 
  i agree with that entirely , the more north you go in europe the less close the family bonds in my experience . 
  in italy it 's actually quite weird and yes the data backs it up with more people in their 20 's still living with family than anywhere else in europe, 
   mutilation implies impairment of function or health and that is n't the case . 
  men who are circumcised are much more likely to suffer from erectile dysfunction in later life , you do n't just chop off and expose the most sensitive part of a mans penis and expect it become numb and insensitive over time . 
   i 've heard the stories of `` lazy blacks '' sitting on their porch living off their welfare checks . 
  that is a bad opinion but if you neighbor is black and sits outside on the porch all day smoking listening to crappy music through their phone it 's fair to assume he 's not doing very much with his life . 
   how do you know those `` arabic guys blasting music and smoking it up '' are refugees ? 
  either way they clearly have nothing better to be doing if that 's their main occupation , but why knows maybe they are saudi trust fund princes who like to sit outside all day smoking and listening to music off shitty phone speakers / s, 
  sorry but you know when someone talks for ages but in that dull dreary voice that you kind of zone out and forget what they were saying ... then you try and catch what it was from the last few words yea that 's what just happened 3/4 way through that and i still have no idea what you were trying to say but some vague vanilla pacify the world theme . 
  as regards the migrant crisis do n't forget it 's the eu that told us all to abolish border controls and created a framework for refugees it 's now ignoring . 
  i think russia 's involvement is the best thing to happen in the syrian war since the thing started , now that they are firmly behind assad the us and their proxies will be forced to back off and isis along with the rest of the global jihadi waste they dragged from every corner of the planet to their roach motel can be dealt with with little remorse, 
  why is this not being removed for being totally editolorized and not a direct translation of the article either . 
  oh yea that 's right the mods here only do that when they feel it 's a story that might reflect on migrants in a bad way, 
  you do realize 90 % of the refuges are fleeing to government controlled areas and not into isis controlled areas , helping assad means the refugees that a re being squeezed into that tiny pocket of syria left under government control can get some breathing room, 
   but it will prevent them from influencing others well all can say to that is the real solution is teaching children , students and citizens the skill of critical thought but why would any government do that when they would rather keep people ignorant and susceptible to propaganda . 
  the problem is now they want it both ways . 
  yea that migration started way before russia started doing anything . 
  at least russia stands some chance of ending it and cleaning up the mess, 
  i truly think it does n't matter , it 's the slippery slope of thought-crime and the fact people are being forced to self censor their thought . 
  also telling someone not to say something does n't change their thought process, 
  so what better plan does obama have ** in the interests of his regime ? 
  yep , i now realize i was wrong , i do believe it must have changed recently though as i 'm pretty sure in the past i payed german vat on a guitar i imported, 
   what percentage of americans is black ? 
  what would you guess based on american news and pop culture ? 
  the answer is 12-13 % [ 2 ] . 
  yes , a group less than 13 % of the population continues to pose many dilemmas for a nation of 320 million holy shit i would have never thought it was so low . 
  i have a feeling many americans would make similar mistakes about europe nowadays hearing about all the problems with muslims and `` no go areas '' the not so funny thing is it 's the exact same form of ghettoization as much as places like france and the uk would like to deny it, 
  hmm there is 80 million in germany right now , i believe there was just over 4 million muslims in germany in 2014 . 
  they say over 7 % and you start seeing serious social problems but given how many young men there are it may even happen sooner . 
  if they ever reach 8 million or 10 % that will be the end of their social systems for sure so by the time they reach 6 million total we will see serious chaos . 
  i give it two million tops before shit blows up , metaphorically and physically . 
  when are we going to see the dead five year old on the beach for what it really is ... emotional blackmail, 
  and you really think that is a good way to live your life , having to use whistle-blower anonymity sortware to hide your daily internet browsing from a tyrannical government . 
  i mean seriously it 's fine that you do that but do you ever think at some point we need to rebel otherwise this totalitarian state will keep trying to take privileges one by one until we fight back ? 
  when my kids ask me , `` why did n't you resist '' what will i tell them , well there was tor so they could n't track me that way , i was n't bothered enough to get angry and protest the fact they track everything i do . 
   haha , that `` leak '' was so thoroughly disproved it 's embarrassing . 
  no it was n't you watch too much sky news . 
  ironic how you refer to it as a leak considering there were many reports of the plumbing doing just that xd, 
  look at who 's trying to rebuild an empire again . 
  better get the rebel songs going lads, 
   they entered british airspace . 
  they entered british airspace by agreement , my god you are retarded . 
  that is neither `` invaded '' like you pointed out in your other comment nor or they neuclear capable planes they fly there like your other comment claims . 
   fuck off back to ireland , and do n't come back until you have a military that could actually survive a pub fight . 
  do n't need a military when we can kick the worlds biggest `` empire '' out of our country with their own weapons , fertilizer bombs and guerrilla warfare . 
  people got the memo already , also it 's nice to not be despised as warmonger worldwide , i know you 'll never know what that feel like but hey at least [ you got your shit smeared trident subs that threaten to emplode any day ] ( https://wikileaks.org/trident-safety/ ) rule britannia lol, 
   the ministry of defence ( mod ) said the `` routine '' flight took place under an agreement . 
  wtf is this limey boy and [ learn to format ] ( http://bangkok.coconuts.co/sites/bangkok.coconuts.co/files/styles/article_header/public/field/image/bubbletea_suckmyballs_copy_2.png ), 
  they are not watching you for using tor . 
  plus as / u/octopusinmyboycunt points out `` right now i 'm more concerned about actual life issues like food , money and housing '' wipe out the middle class , have everyone scrambling for for and they wont have time to protest your totalitarian stazi state, 
  why do n't you correct your previous comment that lies about them invading your airspace ? 
   russian nuclear capable planes fly over our airspace they do n't fly over your airspace , it 's amazing how people buy that bullshit hook , line and sinker . 
  show me one source that says they actually entered british airspace this year and i 'll eat my tie, 
  it 's ok we 're safe now , he resigned from this sub out of butthurt, 
  wow so many buzzwords , tl ; dr : it 's a russian trap lol, 
   amazon.whatever will pay vat in the country in which the purchaser lives , to the best of my knowledge . 
  they do n't otherwise you would see the price change at checkout based on where you ship it which it doens ` t. 
  dabs.ie are paying vat and are registered in ireland , amazon is not, 
  just like you say claiming ! = success , just because these things exist already does n't mean more is good . 
  if anything society has been going backwards in the past 10 - 15 years so we should be wondering why . 
  can i not just dislike corporate culture and think it 's very corrupt and morally reprehensible without being asked for sources . 
  so we lost the australian corporate lobbyist and gained you as the resident apologist for big business and banking great , just great / s, 
  it 's not a firm divide at all , it 's just westerners will remain deluded by their own ego stroking and feel good factor up until the time things get rough and some welfare systems start to collapse . 
  funny how this story wont be removed by moderators for being not newsworthy but the actual story about ryanair flying migrants without papers was . 
  little bit of bias there , no ? 
  oh i see you post in the sub r/ukraina so i 'm going to assume english is not your first language . 
  `` taken '' in this sort of context means without permission oh and if they did n't do anything wrong why would they pay $ 200 million to the company they had the gas contract with . 
  what is it with ukrainians and denying the obvious , do you even recognize that you lost the case ? 
   on june 8 , 2010 the stockholm arbitration tribunal ordered naftogaz to return 11 billion cubic metres ( 390 billion cubic feet ) of natural gas to rosukrenergo it 's black and white , next you will probably say being ordered to `` return '' something does n't mean something was taken in the first place lol . 
  yes let the banks fail and make the ordinary people whole rather than saving banks and introducing moral hazard . 
  it 's the same principal and would cost the same but you are giving the money to citizens who might spend it over sociopaths who take it , say the economy is still not good and misuse 0 % interest rates, 
  who is `` the west '' i sure as hell know my country is not engaged in any wars in the region yet here we are being made responsible by people like you . 
  do i need to make it even more bold  ** gazprom claimed that since the beginning of 2009 , ukraine had stolen more than 86 mmcm of gas . 
  naftogaz acknowledged that it had taken a certain amount of gas , but claimed the amount taken was only 52.2 mmcm , and reiterated that it was entitled to take this gas in order to maintain full operation of the network . 
  ** ** naftogaz acknowledged that it had taken a certain amount of gas **, 
  dabs.ie komplett.ie i do n't know any of my friends who work in the general area of it and business are well aware of them, 
  it did go to international arbitration court and russia won . 
   on january 7 gazprom claimed that since the beginning of 2009 , ukraine had stolen more than 86 mmcm of gas . 
  ** naftogaz acknowledged that it had taken a certain amount of gas , but claimed the amount taken was only 52.2 mmcm , and reiterated that it was entitled to take this gas in order to maintain full operation of the network . 
  ** [ 73 ] ukraine also accused moldova of siphoning russian gas designated to southeastern europe . 
  moldova denied the allegation . 
  [ 74 ]  on january 15 , prime minister putin in collaboration with paolo scaroni , ceo of italian energy company eni , made a proposal to create a consortium of european utilities that would temporarily solve the crisis by financing the supply of technical gas needed to ensure transit to europe , but this idea was dismissed as gas supplies were restored shortly thereafter . 
  [ 75 ]  ** on march 30 , 2010 a stockholm arbitration tribunal ordered naftogas to pay rosukrenergo around $ 200 million as a penalty for various breaches of supply , transit and storage contracts . 
  ** [ 76 ] on june 8 , 2010 the stockholm arbitration tribunal ordered naftogaz to return 11 billion cubic metres ( 390 billion cubic feet ) of natural gas to rosukrenergo and that rosukrenergo would receive from naftogaz a further 1.1 billion cubic metres ( 39 billion cubic feet ) of natural gas in lieu of rosukrenergo 's entitlement to penalties for breach of contract .
