  wow what an informative twitter account . 
  following, 
   one !!!, 
  one !!!!, 
  only one suicide bomber entered hiding with the refugees . 
  the article even says , two others had fake turkish passports ... what about them ? 
  what a terrible article , no wonder the mods decided this should be the one article related to illegal immigration today, 
   or handing out flowers to normal people in the streets . 
  i think that 's gypsy 's you 're thinking of there , even if refugees were doing this most people would probably still think some gypsy is trying to sell them flowers again, 
  off topic my ass . 
  it 's good enough for a much bigger default / r/news but not here , this fucking echo chamber will crash and burn when things really get out of hand and you ca n't cover up everything , that will be what you call a backlash, 
   just take a look at / r/germany how do you know / r/germany is n't just an overly moderated safe space like this hug box is . 
  the reality is the moderators here just delete anything that goes against their pro migration ethos so you do n't know what the real balance of the sub is anyway, 
  i think most people jacking off under the blanket utilize yesterdays socks for that purpose ... or so i heard, 
   you feel no sympathy whatsoever for these human beings ? 
  you think we should do nothing to help them ? 
  nope not at all , people die in worse conditions every day and with fewer opportunity 's given to them than those people dying at sea . 
  at least they died with the opportunity to seek a better life , many in africa live their lives without ever having the money to escape their lives . 
  the is no reason i should feel more bad for one and not the other and i 'm sensible enough to know we cant help them solve their own problems, 
   but on the long term you fall short of certain needs ( iron and certain vitamins like vitamin b12 ) funny , guinness is actually a great source of iron ( or so i 'm told ) when i used to give blood you actually had the option of having a free guinness afterward, 
  yea so they are forecasting no recessions ever . 
  that 's sure to happen / s, 
  can conform , be irish currently on a drunk exchange program in finland . 
  if only there was better and cheaper beers here finn 's would be king drunks . 
  there is something just not right about going to a bar and just ordering `` olut/beer '', 
  i may be reaching in saying `` have your kids taken '' but i 've heard cases of social services basically checking up on people who are involved in right wing activities . 
  i 'm not saying that 's unjustified either but lets be honest do you not see a double standard here ? 
   obvious syrian propagandist mimi has been around for a long time and while one sided she sources her claims , the fact you do n't even consider it shows you do n't want to , i 'm not asking you take her spin on it but she names the other journalists who made statements regarding them . 
  but here since you are so lazy to do that here it is from the horses mouth . 
  http://www.matthewvandyke.com/blog/syrian-electronic-army-hacked/ of course he is saying they made up stuff but it 's hard to say that when the other parties confirm the `` lies '' hope that gives you the credibility boost you wanted , now go watch mimi 's video if you want to find the links that will back up other aspects and do some research yourself, 
  go and fucking find the sources in that video , i know they are there and i ca n't be bothered digging up the name of a journalist i ca n't remember . 
  you are just source trolling now when i have given you the tools you need, 
   so if i publicly sympathised with a dead nazi in germany , i would get a fine and possibly jail time . 
  do n't forget absconding with your partners children to train with firearms in the desert warzone with other neo nazi 's who are fighting a nazi insurgency . 
  the absolute madness of this verdict is insane . 
  this woman should have her kids taken from her the day she returned , if you even have far right views in germany you can have your kids taken by social services now but abducting and bringing them to a warzone is apparently ok . 
   do you have a source proving that it 's legit ? 
  it was proven to be legit by the other journalists who were on the receiving end of van dyke 's communications and wanted to clear their own name in advance of anything he might say . 
  i ca n't recall who now but i know mimi goes into it well in this discussion of them if i remember correctly do you have a source proving that it 's legit ? 
  sorry i ca n't do all your homework but i know the answer lies in this video somewhere https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fr4phnigsw8, 
  this might be news to you but ukraine has always had currency controls and there has always existed a black market exchange rate since you can only get very little cash exchange from the official one . 
  the rate is still fixed and last i checked the black market price is also above the official price so clearly nothing has changed * if * what you say is true . 
  i see the main export from / r/ukraina is still ad hominem attacks . 
  if only ukraine could export that for realz, 
  `` we have data that proves the point we want to make '' is this the same kind of data that puts drawing a swastica and beating up a jew as the same `` hate crime '' if so i suggest you start listening to the actual people getting the abuse as those two things can not be equated . 
  inb4 you are accused of `` mansplaining '', 
  now i know why merkel wants them in the eu . 
  that woman just loves fixing up the troubled kids . 
  no it 's not , it 's the forensic equivalent of looking into the tea leaves while sitting in your armchair . 
  di n't a german newspaper just debunk a large part of their mh17 story and it 's not the first time they were caught using dubious science to validate their own claims http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/expert-criticizes-allegations-of-russian-mh17-manipulation-a-1037125.html if they were n't writing politically anti russian stuff they would be dismissed as conspiracy theorists with the various 2 + 2 = 5 logic they try and pander as real `` intelligence '' seriously their exact equivalent is people who analyze 9/11 videos saying there is clearly explosions going off in the world trade center . 
   facts do n't lie seems you bought the conspiracy kool aid then ? 
  facts ? 
  i 'd like to see how you consider one conspiricists theory a fact, 
  sorry as much as you would love to tar what was revealed with the old `` conspiracy '' brush the leaks i was referring to have been confirmed so much as other journalists implicated in them have confirmed they are legit conversations that they had with van dyke, 
  it 's short for armchair investigator, 
  must be your browser then as it works fine for me and the source of these leaks is well documented if you use google http://i.imgur.com/aw7frxu.png, 
  he 's also got a very shady past considering thanks to the van dyke leaks we know he was information the syrian rebels had chemical weapons and chose not to report it . 
  http://www.digital-resistance.com/insight/vandyke-leaks/ he has a serious anti russian agenda, 
  can we hire russia to protect net neutrality under threat of cutting it all off ? 
  it 's kind of creepy how these pro ukraine/ukrainian bloggers are literally following the vk pages of every russian military recruit . 
  it sure does , wow . 
  i 'm one of only five 24 - 29 year olds . 
  guess i 'm one of the rare pokemon, 
  most likely they are from an irish speaking area 14/575 seems about proportionate . 
  very unlikely they use irish as their day to day language though , even most irish speakers i know will use english as their own internal `` thinking '' language . 
  good to know the numbers though , in tampere i 've met about 10 irish in four years , i think there might be about 100 total if i remember the figures i seen . 
  in reality there might be two , and they are working at the embassy or something . 
  word , i 'm an irish guy living in finland and my friend circles are as multi ethnic as it gets . 
  my friend from iraq was asking me if we have like a facebook group where irish people communicate and talk about finnish problems and i had to tell him the exact same thing , `` i moved here to get away from irish people '' meeting them is awkward if anything like meeting that relative you do n't want to talk to but you feel like you have to even though you do n't like each other and have nothing in common . 
  he understands my point but puts it like this , `` i think most asylum seekers are not here by choice , they do n't actually like the country but are here for their economic reasons , for that same reason they choose to associate with each other more often '', 
  lesbian relationships actually have the highest rates of domestic violence . 
  not entirely related but i thought it was an interesting fact, 
  i totally agree that it 's a double edged sword and needs to be fought , which is why i hope the general dissatisfaction with both both ttip can be harnessed into one movement voicing everyone 's anger . 
  when it 's framed in contex of workers rights and protecting the middle class you do n't give any fuel the the `` dats rasins '' types, 
  i just surf / r/syriancivilwar, 
  i did read but being part of the global 1 % means nothing in western terms when the cost of living is so high here . 
  i 'll look into it a bit more when i get home from work as i must admit i did scan that . 
  that totally leaves out the fact how many if not most in the west actually have negative wealth i.e debt . 
  the biggest problem in our own western democracy 's if the fact that 1 % still own 50 % of all wealth . 
  sorry that i really do n't care or pretend to care about the plight of others when our own systems are so screwed up . 
  dude , the russia 's have been pumping out the best war footage i 've ever seen . 
  the first could be put in an art gallery take these two sfw nuggets for example . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9c5szva_ebq https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4l6dkuh3nkg we will be seeing this assault from drone and ~ ~ dash ~ ~ helmet cam, 
  not sure if serious , sarcastic or retarded . 
  the 1 % owns most of the wealth globally, 
  lol that 's seriously how it sounded like when he said it too . 
  thats great , i totally agree . 
  trump is * unfortunately * your average republican voter personified, 
  i disagree , but respect your points . 
  i do realpolitk and the realpolitk is that america is a declining power and obama has presided over that decline well , he has pulled back and let regional powers take control over situations ( or at least encouraged it ) look to the arab coalition bombing yemen or germany/france being put in the front seat to solve ukraine . 
  the us establishment knows the world is becoming more multipolar and there is nothing they can do but manage the continued decline of us hegemony . 
  hillary is a just talking head for the establishment , just like obama she will simply do what 's she 's told , increase wealth to her corporate backers and do nothing fgood for the american people . 
  at least bernie in the face of what is really happening to america will try and take some of that money from the oligarchs for the middle class who earn it, 
  i get that adding / s ruins the joke but at the same time we need a sarcasm font or something as some people could really think you are a right win nutbag, 
  was that the `` i killed a man '' guy ? 
  unpopular opinion but as a european leftist is is bad i kinda wish trump would win president just so he might stop ttip . 
  of course naturally i 'm rooting for bernie but part of me really wants to see trump win the primary, 
  dude she is way more right wing than even obama , there is nothing european left about her in the slightest . 
  that and she 's a warhawk too . 
  i hate to think what syria would be like now if she was president,
