  i 'm friendly with some very progressive secular muslims but likewise it 's only through them i know it 's not such a rosy picture elsewhere in the muslim community . 
  sweden : tolerance world champions 2015 ( except when it comes to christians ), 
   the russians helped the rebels they support blow up an airplane filled with dutch people . 
  sorry to be pedantic but there is no proof that happened yet . 
  you might as well be saying saudi arabia the state blew up the twin towers as that is the same leap in logic you are taking here . 
   sure the usa do a lot of shit , but at least they say sorry and pay reparations when they blow up civilian airliners . 
  do they , or did they do that for the iran air flight they shot down ? 
  i do n't know . 
   since when has the us tried to break up the eu ? 
  if you consider the uk as the 51st state it starts to look very different, 
  not if 60 % -75 % of them do n't work as the figures prove n most nordic states . 
  that 's not sane at all . 
  if they wanted to do it right they could just take a few % of the cap money and make everyone happy, 
   increase child benefits by how much ? 
  does it matter if this over-proportionally stimulates child-birth of lower classes , while it hardly has an effect with higher educated people ? 
  to go deeper either raise child benefit to the point a kid is not a financial burden on the family as it is now , also benefits do n't have to be monetary . 
  if there was a state childcare service i could drop my kids off at when me and my wife want to go out to dinner i 'd love to have a kid . 
  put simply make having kids something that does n't totally fuck up the parents social lives . 
   does phasing out the state pension model really provide an incentive to having more kids ? 
  would n't most people go for a private pension plan / savings ? 
  people are living longer so it makes sense they should work much longer if these same people are not making enough kids to support the system . 
   would n't most people go for a private pension plan / savings ? 
  some people probably would which is fine and how it works in the usa , some poor people would probably move in with their kids which is an incentive to having some, 
  according to the law in your country simply being from iraq makes one a refugee . 
  that is stupidly broad, 
  sorry but are you just one of these head in the sand people who thinks we can keep doing the explosive population growth thing in an age when people are living much longer . 
  either we phase out the state pension altogether and let people either save or have kids who will look after them or we double the population as right not it takes two workers to support one pensioner . 
  does n't matter the reason they are coming is monetary . 
  take that away and they would be in turkey or somewhere with a reasonably similar culture, 
   she is simply following the letter of the law . 
  `` i was just following orders '' 21st century style, 
  exactly every statistic available shows these people never become net contributors to society for reasons unknown as immigrants from every other region bar the middle east and mulsim africa turn out to be a net positive . 
  must be their culture, 
  no , just no !, 
  having more kids is the way to combat that , if we ca n't pay pensions then we need to keep raising the retirement age until the people who are supposed to replace the population understand why they need to have kids in the first place . 
  it 's the post baby boomer generation who did n't have enough children so they have no right to complain when we need to ask them to work until they are 70 in twenty years time . 
  syrians are actually very light skinned people , smart and inelegant . 
  it 's the 75 % from places not at war i have a problem with ,, 
  this is the problem with germans in my opinion , they are smart enough to know the west is rich on the back of exploitation but instead of helping the disadvantaged countries by actually supporting them fix their corruption and other issues they go work in their job corrupting and bribing for siemens or volkswagon and then support importing a token amount of brown and black people so germans can feel better about themselves and their impact on the world everytime they see an unemployed asylum seeker living off welfare riding the bus with them and proudly say to themselves `` we really are good people , we are ... '' it 's cognitive dissonance of the highest level . 
  increase child benefits and phase out the state pension model so people have more incentive to have kids who can perhaps look after them in old age, 
   is n't this how the pension system works nowadays anyway ? 
  sort of , except it does n't cover the costs properly where we have two taxpayers paying for one pensioner and requires explosive population growth to maintain . 
  i 'm just saying if all of us put our parents in a granny flat upstairs we would have free childcare as well . 
  sure it 's not ideal but neither is bringing in scores of uneducated muslims who seem unable to adapt to our way of life . 
  when you look at it pragmatically once of the major reasons to have kids in the past is so there is someone to look after us when we get old , take away that carrot and stick and you get people who ca n't be bothered breeding and overall that 's bad for society . 
  swedes sound like drunken irish people speaking swedish . 
  [ specifically cork people  ( https://youtu.be/xrm9q2kfzba?t=49s ) it 's so up and down with the tone , like all `` leedley loley , sveeen , sva\u00e4\u00e4\u00e4r '', 
   which one was silly ? 
  u wot m8 and yes i know lower class dublin accents are equally disgusting, 
  yes without pensions and welfare , if you swedes really wanted to be humanitarians you would realize there are too much people and we need to start caring for our parents and old relatives by ourselves instead of letting the state do it and in return you get free childminders and an incentive to have kids yourself . 
  that 's how it used to work but seems people care about themselves more than sustainability now . 
  thank fuck for the realistic pole in this thread . 
  this is the problem with germans in my opinion , they are smart enough to know the west is rich on the back of exploitation but instead of helping the disadvantaged countries by actually supporting them fix their corruption and other issues they go work in their job corrupting and bribing for siemens or volkswagon and then support importing a token amount of brown and black people so germans can feel better about themselves and their impact on the world everytime they see an unemployed asylum seeker living off welfare riding the bus with them and proudly say to themselves `` we really are good people , we are ... '' it 's cognitive dissonance of the highest level . 
  well i hope they speak but but apparently the pc culture in germany means speaking up means getting called a nazi, 
   a non-western immigrant has a lifetime net cost on average of 4 mill kroner ( us$ 500,000 ) . 
  sweden do n't even want to get the numbers , as it would not be politically correct to do so . 
  damm would you mind linking me the study if you do n't mind , i have a pc principal type in my facebook friends list who loves to tell me i have no right to complain about immigration when i myself am legal intra eu immigrant myself . 
  always good to have facts and figures to shit these people up . 
  edit : never mind , seen your other reply, 
  yea i never thought about it but when you try to think about how a culture that is totally intolerant toward women would react to women who have the highest social respect as doctors i can understand how the bigots would show themselves fairly quickly . 
  as doctors most people are not exactly short of career options so i hope germays female doctors take action either by speaking up or leaving the country, 
  i see , i see , yea i fell out of the loop on that one but i left with the feeling ukraine wont live up to it 's minsk obligations as well and then at some point it may all fall apart , iirc they have to get enough special status to enable then to halt any nato membership before the final step of the border being returned so i 'm not exactly optimistic still . 
  no fighting is better than fighting but i expect this to be still ongoing this time next year . 
  do you know has the ukrainian constitution been changed to grant the rebel areas the autonomy they were promised , last i checked that was a stumbling block in ukraine, 
  can you tell me are the stories of refugees refusing care from female medical professionals true ? 
  , i have heard stories from may medical professionals who are leaving germany because of how they have been treated by some of these so called refugees with one having syphilis infected urine being thrown in her face as the last straw . 
  in my view apathy is as bad as supporting this disaster . 
  sure * you * can just move to denmark but what about your family and all the elderly who will have to see their country ruined as those who can flee to denmark do so . 
   `` orwellian left '' or `` regressive left '' thanks , i 'll be borrowing this as it very accurately identifies some of the more idiotic people who from time to time show their face in my rather leftist group of friends, 
   and incitement to discrimination why would discrimination against women have to be violent ? 
   under dutch law , incitement to commit crimes/violence ** and incitement to discrimination ** is punishable with fines or prison sentences . 
  so i 'd assume muslims calling for sharia law would/should be fined then too since it 's openly discriminates against women . 
  governments around the world are introducing chinese style free speech restriction under one false premise or another and people are only outraged because racists say stupid things . 
  society is willingly giving up it 's freedoms , saying stupid discriminatory things is not a crime . 
  in a real liberal society we hold these people to account by judging their views and exposing them to scrutiny not censorship . 
   during a lengthy legal wrangle , volkswagen sued both the universities and researchers . 
  fuck anyone who tries to sue a university to cover up their own incompetence, 
  and people will still try to deny putins popularity . 
  hell even the west is and / r/worldnews in particular is rooting for him now , i 'm convinced if he was american and running for president in the states he would be elected . 
  talk is cheap, 
  i 'm going to go out on a limb here and say it really needed this backing track . 
  : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4l6dkuh3nkg, 
  thanks but who needs nato when you have car bombs and lots of fertilizer, 
  do n't worry merkel has plans to import and replace these young men, 
  how exactly is a f22 supposed to * take * 20 - 30 fighters when afaik it can only carry six internal missiles in stealth configuration . 
  as i said stealth is n't anything as as soon as one plane sees it on radar ground missiles can take it out . 
   yeah but that makes them bad for infiltration . 
  despite what the media presstitutes might say russia has no plans to infiltrate any countries with the sort of capability to shot down their stealth fighter . 
  thats the thing russia built a fighter capable of defending their skies not infiltrating someone elses, 
   either way it is n't useless , why would russia and china be trying to develope their own stealth jets if it was ? 
  do n't get me wrong i did n't say it 's useless but i do think it 's overrated . 
  russia and china are using it as part of an overall design package as well but with less of a focus as stealth features often mean you must compromise in other areas otherwise every plane would look like the f-117 . 
  russia for example chose 3d thrust vectoring nozzles on the pak-fa over the 2d ( but concealed ) paddles on the f22 . 
  the same pak-fa is very much designed for stealth from the front so an approaching plane directly in front of it will not be able to detect it as easily which is when you most want it . 
  we will never know until just jets meet each other in the skies and hopefully that does n't happen but i often wonder does russia know something about radar the us does n't know as they have always made the best sam systems and so you can be sure they will be testing their own stealth against their own systems . 
  who knows maybe they can see everything . 
  stealth is overrated . 
  even mighty serbia shot down a us stealth fighter with it 's antique russian sam systems . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1999_f-117a_shootdown the thing lit up like a christmas tree when the bomb doors open , now imagine the capability of russia 's latest s-500 systems, 
  this is british state media for crying out loud so of course it 's propaganda , a country who does n't even believe in human rights !!,
