  they show up in gdp figures , and are likely to be exaggerated by tax-avoidance schemes , but do n't stay in ireland . 
  so gross national product is a more accurate reflection of irish incomes . 
  in the first quarter , gnp actually fell by 0.8 % . 
  ** http://blogs.wsj.com/economics/2015/07/30/is-irelands-economy-really-growing-almost-as-quickly-as-chinas/ for those who do n't know gnp ( gross * national * product ) is the measure of goods and services produced/consumed/sold within the country . 
  so when apple ireland make record profits from sales in europe and send them off to the cayman islands via ireland it does n't really have much affect on the domestic economy as last i read they pay 1 % - 2 % effective tax rate . 
  on the other hand their record profits will pump ireland 's gdp figure up giving the * impression * of growth, 
  go put your hand up somewhere else if you do n't mind , it 's late to be explaining . 
  here 's a hint though , tax revenue is what builds hospitals that birth their workers , pays the teachers that educate them and builds the roads they drive to work on and it 's something they do n't like paying . 
  eh my masters in computer science/web dev is doing me just fine , not 50k but considering i 'm in galway it 's not bad either it 's the sell out of our economy to multinationals who will move on and leave as soon as they find a cheaper little tax haven that annoys me . 
  although it would be nice to get my old contract back which would entitle me to actual worker protections like redundancy , pension contributions etc and not be moved onto a self employment setup where i 'm contracted to the multinational i work for and i must pay everything from my pay . 
  ( thankfully i do but most my age are in la la land about what happens if they get sick/old/fired . 
  i love my job and pay , hate the fact companies are now routinely shafting workers rights in this country . 
  of course it could be worse , i could be one of the hoarde that have been moved onto zero hours contracts and minimum wage but no matter who you are everyone has a friend who is getting the short end of the stick with an employer here . 
  the problem is irish people do n't know how to complain , i worked in france for a year and there is no way the shit we do here . 
  and you sound like all is fixed by a few numbers on a balance sheet . 
  if i can recall my leaving cert business studies from ten years ago i believe it goes like this . 
  gnp is gross national product and is the sum of good and services sold by companies within the country . 
  gdp : same but includes revenue by businesses that have sales overseas so this figure would normally be quite bloated by the many multinationals that have offices here ( for tax avoidance purposes ) but mainly conduct business outside the state . 
  of course you probably knew that right , you just wanted to look the smart see you next tuesday did n't you ? 
   , which strips out the impact of multinational profit flows , declined 0.8 per cent quarter-on-quarter . 
   could you expand on that , please ? 
  i going on memory here but gnp is gross national product and is the sum of good and services sold by companies within the country . 
  gdp : same but includes revenue by businesses that have sales overseas so this figure would normally be quite bloated by the many multinationals that have offices here ( for tax avoidance purposes ) but mainly conduct business outside the state . 
  in terms of just ireland economy i hear gnp is more reliable as a measure of the economy, 
  yea the heritage foundation is a right wing neo-liberal think thank . 
  to them le libertarian paradise would have too many taxes and regulations so i would n't really take their version of `` good '' as worth much, 
   but you really do need major reforms of your tax system as in let multinationals take over and pay zero ? 
  if only the whole world could be a tax haven . 
  amazing to hear another irish person talk to someone in greece about proper tax collection . 
  we do n't even bother trying to get them to pay ,, 
  really as i work in it , i have what yo would call a pretty decent developer/database admin job but me and my coworkers were made contract workers a few years back and there is no sign of that to change . 
  so yea while i got a bit more money this year , i have to think about paying my pension contributions now and all the other stuff my employer would normally take care of somewhere else . 
  this does seem to be more and more of a normal practice too and to most twenty somethings it 's just a way of making them feel like they are earning more now but unless you save you will pay for it later . 
  i understand how everyone around in the social circles around me are no better off , services are worse than ever and now they do n't even get a paid holiday . 
   but were n't spain and ireland two countries who faced severe austerity over the past 4-5 years ? 
  well spain and ireland are two countries with elections coming up this year and well i may need my tinfoil hat for this but i think this sudden `` growth '' ( quotes as it really does n't feel real and people will tell you the same ) is only to keep the eurosceptic left out of power . 
  a few less people unemployed , a few people in it better off but for everyone else the same shit jobs as before but on zero hours contracts . 
  multinationals are raking in the profits and `` growth ''  gnp , which strips out the impact of multinational profit flows , declined 0.8 per cent quarter-on-quarter . 
  a few less people unemployed , same shit jobs as before . 
  multinationals raking in the profits, 
  that is deserving of praise [ take it all ] ( https://i.imgur.com/qodsend.jpg ), 
  goddammit , got lost in time there , but yea , i do n't know a single likely redditor my age who is n't voting social democrat now edited, 
   disingenuous just a little , linked to the former fascist party/movement in ireland would be more apt, 
   fine gael you left out formally corporatist , fascist , blueshirts, 
  you should probably have added the social democrats since they will pretty much take any last labour votes remaining although then i guess you need to add renua too but that 's helen lovejoy for sure . 
  bernie sanders is pretty much the social d 's, 
   batshit crazy stone lol , untold history of the united states was one of the best rated history series out there and before you get into `` but where is my western bias '' all the facts are checked and stand up, 
  this whole greece thing has shown me the eu has it 's own agenda that nation states should not try and fight against and at it 's core it 's now looking pretty undemocratic . 
  i 'm still mad about being asked to vote twice for the lisbon treaty as we did n't vote * right * the first time , then there is the whole ttip shit and my mind reached the point of `` it 's got to be fixed or simply go '' i almost feel envious of greece 's early release from prison, 
  well as long as free money is rolling in most countries tend to think that way , now we are on the other side of the cliff i see attitudes in ireland changing quite fast, 
  well it would n't be the first time the west has deliberately undermined democracy in greece, 
  would you like a gollywog doll to go along with your racial sterotypes ? 
  that cartoon goes beyond simple satire based of a sitution, 
  thanks to creative accounting and tax haven status , in reality nothing got better for people here, 
  that 's the point of democracy, 
  they were elected on a mandate to end austerity not accept more of it . 
  this is democracy , they know they have no right to accept or deny these proposals so they are doing the right thing and asking the people . 
  but yea sure , democracy is only bad when it 's * `` populist '' * \u2122 also known as popular/popular vote/will of the majority, 
  real question  `` those citizens supporting proposal of 3 institutions redditors interpretation , * `` do you want troika ? 
  '' * continues to complain about loaded questions while offering extreme bias through their own hyperbole . 
  as someone from ireland i only wish we had a syriza like party and the opportunity to vote on our fate, 
  i do n't know if democracy works like that but you sure like inserting your own viewpoint into the title when there was a perfectly fine title to begin with . 
  til greece is more democratic that the eu , they would be better off on their own if they were n't at risk of having their heads forced in the sand out of spite just for doing it, 
  just to clarify , this is bad thatcher/ragan/neo-con * `` liberal '' * and not the better kind of drug decriminalization/gay marriage liberal ? 
  thanks to almighty austerity employee rights are barely non existent now . 
  damm i 'm so ashamed of my country not standing by greece and acting like a ecb lapdog, 
  yep you just identified everything that 's wrong with the pc sjw culture we live in and liberal media loves to smother us in . 
  if you ask me it 's just a way to keep the masses ineffective since leading and getting elected in the first place is more about being a pr & hr guy now . 
  yea but preferably real democracy the american trademarked type, 
  some of it is in the open , much of it is alleged like the conspiracy theorists who say syriza is russian fifth column without any actual proof to the claim, 
  since money apparently = free speech in most our `` democracy 's '' these days should the eu/us not be happy about russia 's alleged contribution to democratic politics ? 
  oh what a load of crap , you took one story of fm in france getting loans from russian banks and extrapolated it to say syriza and so on are supported by russia as well now . 
  do you think europe and the us are so clean as to not provide funding to alternative parties in ukraine , in a way i even say , so what if they donate to a party that thinks the eu is n't the bees knees , the has decided money = free speech so who am i to criticize free speech , eu lobbyists seem to think the same as well but hey lets make another double standard russia is expected to live by, 
  we produce enough food to feed four times our population , agri exports are still one of the cornerstones of our economy . 
  yea i meant a global famine where countries keep their own food for themselves , in that event ( while quite vindictive ) i ca n't help feeling like it would be like karma coming around after reading we produce enough food now to feed twenty million people . 
  food security is important , that is why the eu has the cap as otherwise land would be left unproductive and go wild while we become dependent on third world imports, 
  do you create enough food at home to feed your own population without resorting to imports because food security is still a consideration when it comes to population and planning for it . 
  i mean it would be a shame should there ever be a famine and britain could n't feed itself, 
  probably the gaelic wars too , iirc the ira blew her first cousin to bits, 
  as a then 21 year old who has being paying off this debt for over six years to that i say ... good , i was n't a private citizen or developer who gambled in the property market . 
  i was n't a private bank who kept rates too low for too long and i sure as hell am not paying for this for the rest of my working life . 
  expect more of us as those who had nothing to do with that clusterfuck come of working and voting age . 
  what makes me even angrier is ecb shills who then wont even answer straight questions about who it is we are paying and instead shrug their shoulders and act like two year olds who know they did something wrong [ banker left speechless by irish journalist ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pchu1krt6hu ), 
  haha brilliant, 
   but i believe assassinating political opponents is worse any number of motives for that killing  you do n't go to jail for being gay . 
  not true . 
  this is what annoys me about your posts , you peddle circumstantial evidence as proof and outright adulterate truths to which you will probably call me a kremlin shill for bringing up . 
  perhaps it was a kremlin inspired killing but why do it there in broad daylight , do you ever think it would be a great way for opponents of putin to cast him in a dark light after all `` who else would have done is '' is the obvious narrative being parroted as a result . 
  then about the gay thing , it 's not illegal to be gay nor will you go to jail , i believe promoting the lifestyle in a way that could be deemed influential to minors is illegal but you do n't go to jail for being gay . 
   russia has made it pretty clear they are interested in a second version of the cold war . 
  no they have not , they have constantly stated the opposite , although i doubt your mind would be changed on that , what woudl it take for you to accept the opposite , would ukraine being accepted into nato convince you the usa is eager to up the temperature as well , how about the missile shields they were putting in poland ? 
   europe has nothing to gain with an alliance with russia . 
  actually we have lots to gain , a stable supply of petrocarbons in a time of peak oil and declining local supply being the primary one . 
   so if russians agree with putin it makes him a legitimate leader , but if the people in european states that want nato membership and are close geographically to russia , the will of the people ca n't happen there because a 3rd party leader does n't like it ? 
  you are equating half of ukraine with all of ukraine and yes there is a civil war going on there because off those very same division right now , i do n't like that it 's happening but i think neither europe nor russia and certainly not the usa should be involving themselves there , the latter influence being the most unwarranted . 
  to keep it simple as far as the eu is concerned russia has n't done shit to us and so we should n't be taking some aggressive approach to them either , we played a part in flaring up tensions between east and west ukraine once more ( and so did russia ) nothing can be done about that now , in a best case scenario ukraine should just let the regions in the east have fair referendums and if they want to join russia or become independent just let them , trouble will be over and we call all move on . 
  is n't that freedom for regions to be independent and chose their own destiny something that the eu supports as well . 
  i 'm not really in the mod to argue this for like the hundredth time , yeas russia is not the best place to be politically active but you will agree most russians support putin and his policy 's so who are we to interfere with our judgement while france extends military ties with saudi arabia and you only have to look to the third generation of the bush family running for president to see it 's not that different in the west either , isolating russia does not help europe so i do n't agree with it , simple as that . 
  it limits our options going forward as they now enhance ties with china and pretty much rules out what could have been an emerging european/russian economic axis that would dwarf our primary rivals the usa economically in the coming century . 
  i 'm not saying that is defiantly the best course for europe to take in the next decades but it would be nice to have that option and it 's not like russia has n't been clear in the past about where it 's red lines are regarding ukraine and further nato expansion .
