  what the fuck is up with the title ? 
  you . 
  i love the comments under the youtube video . 
  how often can you say that ? 
  not this shit again . 
  i would n't be so quick to point fingers , you son of viking pillagers . 
  is [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/350ang19fgy ) not terrorism ? 
  on their independence day , no less . 
  kind of reminds me of british version of / r/shitamericanssay . 
  another immigrant wave and britain triggering article 50 all at once . 
  great . 
  bosnia was co-ruled by austrians and hungarians . 
  bosnia was co-ruled by austria and hungary during the days of austria-hungary . 
  [ https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.waybefore.fastlikeafox] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.waybefore.fastlikeafox ), 
  russians are europeans . 
  because he is edgy , i guess ? 
  ascension of romania to european union thus giving it open borders ... 
  i wanted to post this myself but it seems pretty irrelevant if you do n't have something to compare it against . 
  gipsy population in europe today , for example . 
  it is an honour to think that we slovenes were once part of the same country as the glorious sons of alexander the great . 
  it must be noted however that austria is a rich country that has a population of 8,5 million compared to our 's 2 million . 
  and most importantly it never was in interest of people in transit to stay here . 
  they openly said that their destination was germany . 
  are we supposed to beg them to stay or something ? 
  i am not sure . 
  a thousand . 
  how many did austria accept ? 
  i thought you were just another stop on their way to germany . 
  i 'm not entirely sure who you are implying but we took in refugees as well . 
  the ones that considered our country worthy of their stay anyway . 
  you make it sound as if all statisticians count us as one . 
  while the example you provided is one in a very few i have actually seen and do n't really know why that is in practice ? 
  expect of austrian to first jump on the racism train . 
  stupid suggestion because the countries that joined later can not be blamed for current issues we are dealing with . 
  that 's when you know you are a shithole . 
   caroline de bendern : ` we need to form a bloc against countries like russia who want to destroy europe and ... absorb it . ' i could n't manage reading forward . 
  building \u2260 structure, 
  til the tallest building in europe is in russia . 
  what is it ? 
   if anyone has any questions , issues or would like to know the tallest in any country , just let me know . 
   - / u/bezzleford , author of the map maybe he cares to pinch in ? 
  paging / u/bezzleford . 
  credit goes to / u/bezzleford who also pointed out the following things :  this map shows the tallest building in each country in europe . 
  here are a few sidenotes :  the map excludes structures like tv towers ( e.g. 
  fernsehturm ) and monuments ( e.g. 
  eiffel tower ) . 
  i have only listed storied buildings . 
   the map only lists buildings by their architectural height , as defined by either the ctbuh or skyscrapercenter . 
  thus , buildings like the commerzbank tower in germany are listed as 259m , not 300m ( as the antenna mask is considered an outside element ) . 
   all buildings were rounded to the nearest meter . 
  thus , spain 's tallest building ( torre de cristal ) is listed as 249m not 250m . 
   the tallest building in europe is the east tower of the federation tower in moscow ( at 374m high ) . 
   the tallest building in europe under construction is the lakhta center in st petersburg which will rise to 462m . 
   for anyone who is n't familiar with meters , the key in feet is : 300m ( 980 ft ) , 250m ( 820ft ) , 200m ( 650ft ) , 150m ( 490ft ) , 100m ( 330ft )  the cevahir towers in macedonia ( rising to 142m ) are not listed as i 'm not 100 % certain they 're complete . 
  if anyone has further information that would be great . 
   had the uk been split into 4 nations , only wales would be in the 100-149m category . 
   if anyone has any questions , issues or would like to know the tallest in any country , just let me know . 
  # ` israel will not hesitate to destroy syrian air defenses ' by anna ahronheim march 19 , 2017 13:54 ** `` israel 's security is paramount and above everything else . 
  there will be no compromise . 
  '' ** ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- defense minister avigdor liberman threatened on sunday that israel `` will not hesitate '' to destroy syria 's air defense systems if israeli fighter jets are ever targeted again . 
  `` you have to understand the context , if we strike there is a real reason for it , '' he said while visiting the idf induction center . 
  `` we have no interest in intervening in the civil war in syria , either in favor or against [ president bashar ] assad , '' he said . 
  `` we do not want to clash with the russians . 
  our main issue is with the transfer of advanced weaponry from syria to lebanon and so whenever we detect an attempt to smuggle weapons , we will act to prevent it . 
  we will not compromise on this issue . '' liberman warned that there will be `` no compromise '' on the transfer of weapons to hezbollah and if air-defense systems are used again by the syrian regime against iaf jets , as they were on friday , israel will `` destroy them . 
  we will not hesitate . 
  israel 's security is paramount and above everything else . 
  there will be no compromise . '' israel 's arrow anti-aircraft missile defense system was used to intercept a syrian s-5 missile fired at iaf jets that had already returned to israeli airspace after carrying out airstrikes against targets in syria on friday night . 
  liberman also addressed the situation in the south of the country , saying that `` we will not invest israeli taxpayer money to invest in electricity and water for the residents of gaza while they are investing their money into tunnels . '' `` we are not willing to tolerate any provocation , '' he stressed . 
  `` the idf will respond strongly to every rocket fired from the gaza strip . '' liberman warned that there will be `` no compromise '' on the transfer of weapons to hezbollah and if air-defense systems are used again by the syrian regime against iaf jets , as they were on friday , israel will `` destroy them . 
  we will not hesitate . 
  israel 's security is paramount and above everything else . 
  there will be no compromise . '' israel 's arrow anti-aircraft missile defense system was used to intercept a syrian s-5 missile fired at iaf jets that had already returned to israeli airspace after carrying out airstrikes against targets in syria on friday night . 
  liberman also addressed the situation in the south of the country , saying that `` we will not invest israeli taxpayer money to invest in electricity and water for the residents of gaza while they are investing their money into tunnels . '' `` we are not willing to tolerate any provocation , '' he stressed . 
  `` the idf will respond strongly to every rocket fired from the gaza strip . '', 
  i do n't want to see spain break up . 
  especially not now , in this already troubled times . 
   skating home from work this sounds amazing . 
  try [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=23x14hs4glk ) . 
   free europe what is that ? 
  no , actually . 
  but , yeah he does look similair it is just a very young photo of him . 
  21 then . 
  if the immigrants are in fact learning the language then that is not a sign of failure of immigrant system . 
  the most beatiful of them all . 
  nowhere did i state it was funny . 
  and so on and on . 
  what i and at least a couple of others ( 21 upvotes , 86 % upvote ratio ) have found * interesting * is the way the man is doing it . 
  there is no point in explaining it . 
  you either get it or not . 
  you are free to downvote/report . 
  not everybody likes everything . 
  i never said there is anything wrong with it . 
  so it begins . 
  again . 
  where are we ? 
  this is where gypsies and homeless people live here so i really do n't know how this deserves critisizm . 
  being a secular country does not mean no religion it just means that government and religion are separated . 
  i am sure you meant islam . 
  our state media does not have a mobile friendly website .
