  makes it hard to spot from satellite images and from the air should anyone decide to bomb it . 
  germany always one step ahead . 
  i guess that kills the `` your economy will collapse should you leave us '' argument . 
  can germans ( austrians too ) explain to me what their view is on a guy who preaches master race ( tall , blond etc. ), 
  politics which he himself does n't fit . 
  are you retarded ? 
  one day it is far-right populist fourth reich the next it is a communist superstate . 
  it strikes me as very odd i have n't seen a single media call leftist syriza populists . 
  they were promising some sort of a no to germany and troika and when they got elected they bent . 
  where does this word derive from and when did it become so widespread ? 
  title  europe will face `` severe cosequences '' from hard brexit , eu 's chief negotiator admits first sentence of the article  the european union and united kingdom will face severe consequences if britain leaves i think this is the reason there is a bitter feeling over brexit from us cotinentials . 
  that netherlands-russian arrow is from the fact that peter the great worked at a dockyard in the netherlands and when he came back he introduced a similair flag , right ? 
  do you have another phrase like it ? 
  like vive la france , forza italia , zivela rossyia etc, 
  the same is being done by the us . 
  no body bats an eye . 
  are you people too dense to realize how hypocritial it is to prevent russia from doing so and support another party doing the same ? 
  but the us is not a threat even when they meddle with other countries 's politics more than any other country . 
  the headache . 
  so you can stigmatise me as shill , troll , activist but i mus n't call them agent provocateurs etc. 
  and regarding my writings of russian and it 's affairs . 
  they will continue for as long as the west spreads their tentacles and withdraws from russia . 
  still it was never part of the aforementions political entities on their own accord rather they were subjugated . 
  in yugoslavia they were there of their own accord . 
  treated as equal partners all the way until a couple of years before the break up . 
  i do n't get the point you are trying to make . 
  thanks for that insightful comment . 
  russia is evil . 
  brilliant . 
  austria-hingary was dismantled in 1918 . 
  then slovenia was part of yugoslavia all the way until 1991 . 
  what is the point you are making anyway ? 
  if you were once part of austria-hungary you are n't balkans ? 
  bosnia is n't balkans ? 
  croatia neither ? 
  we are n't ? 
  romania ? 
  i have said it before and i will say it again : do not take usernames and flairs for facts . 
  slovenia is balkan . 
  the colonizers become the colonised . 
  why does russia have to be a threat , again ? 
  they have had their nuclear missiles o for half a century yet ever since the cold war ended nobody cared and now they do , again ? 
  what is your endgame , people ? 
  nuclear holocaust ? 
  which we would somehow escape ? 
  lol . 
  more like tensions stall ? 
  what this thread is about ? 
  the video i submitted ? 
  that was the whole point . 
  yet you came here waving your flag of ignorance saying how you did n't watch the video yet why even oarticipate in the thread then if the whole thread is about the damn video ? 
  even more funny is that anyone writing anything that goes against westerner 's systems of beliefs is immediately stigmatised as a russian shill . 
  oh , the irony . 
  look up the video of putin saying the same thing about the west and how they would probably like to blame the floods ( not the ones you thought of ) that hit europe to blame on russia . 
  there truly are alternate realities being created right now . 
  so he is speaking the truth ? 
  but that is passe nowadays , is n't it ? 
  do you really believe panama papers are anything but artificial concstruction ? 
  or are you being paid to say otherwise ? 
  edit : this comment went from +4 to -4 . 
  they are trying to supress the truth . 
  expect this to go down to oblivion . 
  bbc knows better than to report one-sidedly . 
  what the fuck is whataboutism ? 
  where did you learn that from ? 
  wikipedia terms + straight up accusation without any discussion found the ____ . 
  we do n't stigmatise . 
  look at assange . 
  what do you think would happen if snowden was to fly to london today ? 
  do you think they would give him refugee ? 
  he would be one the next plane via us . 
  british 's politics are merely extension of that of the us 's . 
  at least they were in eu before so at least there was some leeway possible . 
  we are no match for british manipulation . 
  does n't have quite the same ring to it , does it ? 
  edward snowden hand him over !, 
  he will undergo fair trail !, 
  finds himself in guantanamo bay . 
  latest documentary from channel4 . 
  some people portraying themselves as supporters of the cause in sweden and there are dedicated subreddits which do quite indeed and literally take on the legacy of the aforementioned . 
  it is all becoming a bit too rotten . 
  but why is it being so out-proportionally covered by the anglo-saxon and american media ? 
  i might be too late for the society , though . 
  what business of yours is it to interfere in other country 's internal affairs . 
  `` the united states of america '', 
  hmm , for me it 's democratic decision . 
  if people of scotland want independence i support them if they do n't then where 's the problem . 
  and i am not against brexit but the way it was done . 
  your people seemed to be bombarded with the same propaganda that you usually use against others ( pillow regulations , seriously ? ) . 
  so there is a bit of a bitter taste there . 
  right to self-determination all over , mate . 
  what europe needs now is a review of it 's relations with the americans and the anglo-saxons . 
  i agree . 
  they indeed will not do nothing to him . 
  quite frankly i ca n't even imagine the horrors those psychopaths do the people their perceive as enemies . 
  look up some videos online when anglo-saxon and american soldiers are letting some steam go by teasing children with water bottle from a truck and children running behind . 
  or those same soldiers beating up kids , because why not . 
  a blind idiot does not realize that this was well organized by both sides . 
  in b4 : this gets removed , downvoted to oblivion or flooded with euro bots . 
  inverted .
