  it is mostly them that believe countries are getting destroyed by it and are falling apart , however . 
  username checks out . 
  yeah , but why write this in / r/europe when the majority of the people who seem to believe in this are americans ? 
  could the same thing be done for victoria 2 ? 
  edit : that is chocolate croissant . 
   afghanistan how ? 
  we have 15 of them ( including christmas ) as well . 
  one more since last year because 2nd of january is a work-free day again . 
  triggered italians incoming . 
   did not hang out on reddit all day long . 
  yeah , imagine what a loser you must be to do something like that !, 
  am i right , guys ? 
  mods need to flair this as not being handed out by ukip party as other redditors have clarified and that this has bee handed out in the past and is not being handed out anymore . 
  this subreddit usually makes fun of you guys for things like this . 
  i guess it 's your turn now . 
   how we should vote in the coming referendum last image . 
  this is not a new thing , then . 
  as the title suggests . 
    his ancestry includes english , german , irish , and scots-irish . 
  do n't tell me this is written on his wikipedia . 
  edit : oh , yes , yes it is . 
   a remote village of around 4,000 it 's a town or something then . 
  no village has it 's own mayor . 
  edit :  in 2004 , toroczkai was banned from serbia for one year because of a fight in the town of pali\u0107 . 
  in 2006 , the authorities of slovakia also banned him from the country for five years because of demonstrations that he organized in front of the slovakian ministry of internal affairs . 
  source : wikipedia interesting past for a mayor . 
  how is this europe related ? 
  [ the website ] ( http://www.acer.europa.eu/en/pages/default.aspx ) of `` our '' agency is terrible . 
  clearly a very important one we are having . 
  these types of posts should be flaired with `` size is n't everything '' or something like that . 
   slovenia has double the size of kosovo and they have the same population so ? 
  how is this relevant ? 
   the real question here is why is slovenia indepedent if you dont agree with kosovo independence . 
  i am not the guy who wrote the parent comment if you have n't noticed but he did n't say he disagrees with kosovo 's independence either . 
  so what are you on about ? 
   btw im not kosovar yeah , neither am i. 
  what has where he comes from got to do with what he said ? 
  if what he said was n't true then the kosovars would n't be immigrating to slovenia . 
  let 's not go down that road , in case someone from a village of 200 000 people in china is lurking here . 
  oh my ... one letter difference between us and slovakia . 
  is it this bad in other languages , too ? 
  it has this meaning here as well . 
  how do you say city then ? 
  here is the translation with the help of [ amebis presis demo ] ( http://presis.amebis.si/prevajanje/ ) : ## andreja kati\u010d : slovenia is on it 's way to realization of nato 's goal * the head of pentagon praised slovenia for contribution in 11 international missions * defence minister andreja kati\u010d said at the session of defence ministers of nato member countries that slovenia is on the way to realization of nato 's goal , member countries shall devote two percent of gdp for defence . 
  two-day session was marked by the demand of the usa for raising the defence spending of european countries and canada . 
  the demand was backed with the statement that usa will reduce it 's spending if demands are not met by the end of this year . 
  wales treaty states each member country has to spend 2 % of it 's gdp on defence . 
  only five countries ( usa , greece , great britain , estonia and poland ) are currently fulfilling this goal . 
  slovenia is among the worst when it comes to fulfilling this agreement . 
  it also has the lowest percentage of defence budget purposed for investments . 
  slovenian defence minister continued , that slovenia is getting closer as it had increased it 's defence expenditures by 12 % last year . 
  the government also agreed to raise spending on defence by 20-30 million euros per year ( 8 % increase compared to past years ) . 
  the agreement which was accepted in december also predicts for military spendings to reach 1,2 % of bdp in next decade . 
  ** burdens are n't only financial ** the minister also emphasised that a just division of burden regarding nato is not just money related . 
  slovenia is amongst the country members that cooperate best in the operations . 
  currently it has it 's soldiers deployed in 11 international operations and missions . 
  something defence minister of usa james mattis was grateful for . 
  details about plans of defence ministry for next years are not yet known . 
  however , in march the report about readiness of slovenian army will be presented together with planned actions regarding strategic defence check-up . 
  there are three law proposals in discussion right now . 
  napoli in italy means the same thing , as well ? 
  novo mesto literally means `` new city '' in english . 
  there is a city with the same name in ~ ~ czech republic ~ ~ czechia . 
  i did not know that before and learned about it only because there was a biatlon match there this winter . 
  looks like belarus is next on the list after ukraine and syria . 
  never would have predicted a fallout between lukashenko and putin . 
  kuskus has it 's origins in the arab world ? 
  or is it just a dish that is popular there ? 
  i 've read about australian example where the government gave people money and encouraged them to spend it on goods like video games . 
  yes , i know . 
  the article seems fine , though . 
  i hope they can get a pass this time . 
  ## two slovenian men are arrested after victim dies following sickening 20-minute beating that was streamed on facebook live by kelly mclaughlin for mailonline 17:24 gmt 15 feb 2017 , updated 19:53 gmt 15 feb 2017 ales olovec , 20 , and martin kovac , 29 , were arrested in the slovenian village of podbocje in the early hours of tuesday their arrests came after andrej cekuta , 26 , who was beaten up live on facebook , died from his injuries footage showed one suspect kicking and punching cekuta as he lay unconscious on the ground monday night as the other live streamed the video by the time the video was reported , it had received more than 250,000 views and garnered 400 ` likes ' on the social media website two slovenian men have been taken into custody after a man who was beaten up live on facebook died from his injuries , authorities said on wednesday . 
  the footage showed one of the suspects kicking and punching andrej cekuta , 26 , even as he lay unconscious on the ground on monday night , while the other filmed and live-streamed it . 
  cekuta was still alive when police found him in the early hours of tuesday in the eastern village of podbocje but he succumbed to his wounds in hospital in the afternoon . 
  ales olovec , 20 , and martin kovac , 29 , were arrested at the scene , according to the slovenske novice . 
  ales olovec ( pictured ) , 20 , and martin kovac , 29 , were arrested on tuesday after andrej cekuta , 26 , was beaten up in a facebook live stream and later died from his injuries +4 ales olovec ( pictured ) , 20 , and martin kovac , 29 , were arrested on tuesday after andrej cekuta , 26 , was beaten up in a facebook live stream and later died from his injuries the footage showed one of the suspects kicking and punching cekuta even as he lay unconscious on the ground on monday night , while the other filmed and live-streamed it +4 the footage showed one of the suspects kicking and punching cekuta even as he lay unconscious on the ground on monday night , while the other filmed and live-streamed it ` the investigating judge ordered the detention of the two suspects after questioning them , ' police spokeswoman alenka drenik said . 
  the dnevnik newspaper reported that police intervened following an anonymous phone call and needed hours before getting the 20-minute video removed from the internet . 
  cekuta was still alive when police found him in the early hours of tuesday in the eastern village of podbocje but he succumbed to his wounds in hospital in the afternoon +4 cekuta was still alive when police found him in the early hours of tuesday in the eastern village of podbocje but he succumbed to his wounds in hospital in the afternoon by that time it had received more than 250,000 views and garnered 400 ` likes ' on the social media website . 
  the slovenske novice daily reported in an article titled ` died as slovenia watched ' that cekuta and the two alleged attackers knew each other and were drunk when they fell into a quarrel . 
  it is not the first time that facebook 's live tool , launched last year , has caused controversy . 
  last month swedish police arrested three men on suspicion of gang-raping a woman live on facebook to a closed group with 60,000 members . 
  the film has been removed from facebook but after it circulated on the internet . 
  the suspects , aged 18 , 20 and 24 , were arrested early sunday in an apartment in uppsala , 45 miles north of stockholm , in the presence of their 30-year-old victim . 
  the arrest were made after members of a facebook group saw the attack streamed live and alerted police . 
  josefine lundgren , 21 , was one of the witnesses who watched the incident online and reported it . 
  our national media outlet still has n't got a mobile-friendly website so here you go : ## political parties outraged about the proposed constitution of the austrian state of carinthia 15 . 
  february 2017 ob 20:03 mmc rtv slo several slovenian political parties are critical of the intention announced by the austrian state ( bundesland ) of carinthia that would eliminate slovenian as the state 's second official language . 
  they are demanding that that the relevant authorities take measures to protect the slovenian minority in austria . 
  in its comments about the intention of carinthia 's state government to specify german as the sole official language in the new constitution , smc points out that that the proposed constitution is only a draft . 
  `` we can only ask our government to demand a democratic constitution that would also mention the slovenian people and their language in a way that would be acceptable to us , '' said smc mp anita kole\u0161a . 
  she stressed that the events have caused concern among smc mps , who feel that the proposed constitution is bad for both carinthia and austria . 
  kole\u0161a called for an urgent meeting of the commission for slovenians abroad . 
  the president of the national assembly and the vice president of smc milan brglez is also worried about events in austria . 
  he stressed that `` it 's indisputable that slovenia is both the de jure and de facto successor of the austrian state treaty ( ast ) . '' according to brglez , this means that slovenia is obligated to ensure that article 7 of the ast is respected and that it must caution austria that any `` attempt to define german as the only language of austrian carinthia is a violation of the ast , as well as international agreements and other legal acts . '' he expects slovenia 's politicians to present a united front when it comes to supporting the slovenian community in carinthia and ensuring a consistent application of article 7 of the ast . 
  brglez added that this issue should not be used for political point scoring at home . 
  he expressed his belief that the slovenian government will `` do everything to protect the interests of the slovenian community in austrian carinthia . '' meanwhile , foreign minister karl erjavec has stated that the coalition partners will discuss this issue on thursday . 
  then , on monday , he will meet with representatives of the slovenian community in carinthia . 
  sd describes the proposed constitution as `` a significant departure of the austrian state 's policy from established agreements and practices . '' the party feels that the draft violates the ast , `` whose article 7 clearly gives the slovenian community a constitutional right to use the slovenian language . '' the party added that it expects all political representatives in slovenia , as well as all state institutions , to do what is necessary to ensure that such a proposal is never passed . 
  desus mp primo\u017e hainz has suggested that the national assembly president milan brglez spend the next meeting of the national assembly president 's committee `` studying the matter and beginning the notification process based on the ast . '' according to hainz , this would enact article 5 of the ast , which defines the border between austria and slovenia .
