[ screenshot of viktor orban 's facebook post congratulating donald trump on his victory . 
  what a great news . 
  democracy is still alive . '', 
  i 'm kind of surprised that someone considered it fitting to post something like this here and that it does n't seem to get much dissapproval in the comments , so far , at least . 
  come on , / r/europe . 
  people from ljubljana are reporting it as well . 
  [ here is a map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fxxdmb8.png ) showing a percentage of support instead of support/oppose . 
  i had to read it twice to be quite honest . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o37yjbfrrfg ) might help clarify some things up . 
  til, 
  [ relevant polandball comic ] ( http://i.imgur.com/h3rsohf.png ) by / u/ingrid-hongkonger . 
  anti-capitalism but that is what people are saying . 
  do n't know where they got it from . 
  it 's not easy digging up the data when major media refuses to report on it . 
  i 'm very much interested in the opinion of this subreddit on the subject in light of it 's recent condemnation of `` similair '' events in russian federation . 
  interesting how big of a deal ot was in poland yet it os the same as in israel . 
  then ireland is not in europe either . 
  hopefully the police teach that man a lesson in respect . 
  things have gone bonkers in poland , it seems . 
  i never understood those two horns on his head . 
  what 's the deal ? 
  now somebody post a map with educational results . 
  there is no point in searching for logic in that argument . 
  m it is simply to associate it with something different , something negative . 
  i have seen more comparisons to it being the fourth reich . 
  as one user said on another occassion for different topic but same applies ( it was brit commenting on media ) : if you throw enough shit , something will stick . 
  edit : not to point fingers or anything but i 've seen the communist comparison rhetoric come mostly from united statians . 
  it was tremendous mercy ( and horizontal flag design ) by the us to not retalliate . 
  i wonder how many non-italians helped place the italian flag there . 
  i , myself made sure to check in occassionally . 
  yay !, 
  right next to eu flag as well . 
  shout out to everyone who helped us create it !, 
  our state media outlet still does n't have a mobile friendly website so here you go : # `` contrary to popular belief , ernest hemingway never participated at the isonzo front . '', 
  last year , museum was visited by 54,000 visitors 3 . 
  april 2017 ob 12:20 ljubljana - mmc rtv slo the kobarid museum stands out among the similar institutions . 
  it is considered the second miracle of kobarid , as the friulian-style country castle was abandoned after the 1976 earthquake , and was uninhabited for fifteen years . 
  there was no water , no pavement , no electricity - until the kobarid enthusiasts came , and completed the necessary works in a single year . 
  the museum was opened on october 20 , 1990 . 
  the museum became a success story almost overnight . 
  the number of visitors exceeded all expectation , and already in the third year of its existence it received the council of europe prize , following the highest slovenian museum award , the valvazor prize , awarded to the kobarid museum the year before . 
  `` we got a number of reproaches . 
  from the accusation that we were marketing war , and that we should not make profit out of war , and that we lacked expertise . 
  but obviously , the understanding of the story of the first world war was crucial for our success , '' jo\u017ee \u0160erbec contemplates on the conception of the museum . 
  the museum became a trade mark within the tourism in the isonzo valley , and with historical tourism it is keeping up with the offer of adrenaline sports , festival events , and gastronomy . 
  the museum won the place of a central institution , which preserves and protects the heritage of the isonzo front within the national and wider space . 
  `` there have always been wars , and there will be wars in future . 
  where wars are concerned , human memory is short . 
  at the very entrance of the museum we encounter the human essence . 
  eros and thanatos . 
  life and death . 
  it is difficult to find a more important topic . 
  we are not speaking of technical heritage , we are not collectors . 
  we present the war as an act , during which the state sacrifices generations at its altar . 
  and it is a very bad thing . '', 
  last year 54,000 visitors to the museum were recorded , which is mush above the slovenian average . 
  90 % of the revenue comes from the sold entrance tickets , while in general the other slovenian museums have just the opposite percentage . 
  m. g. , tv slovenija ; translated by g. k. 
  [ kind of relevant polandball comic . 
  lol @ that title . 
  they could n't even muster up his surname ? 
  it could be i am exaggerating , of course . 
  after all i am not from there and all i know about the situation i learned from the media . 
  however , your post gives me the impression that we should n't trivialize it either . 
  i could understand people get beaten , but killed based on racist hatred ? 
  that i can hardly swallow . 
  also , nice racism you casually threw in there about eastern europeans . 
  i understand your struggle . 
  you have my pixels . 
  i am talking about all those killed polish people couple of months ago when reports were coming in almost daily . 
  closing down an university is not a step in the right direction , i think . 
  surely they could just nationalize it and rename it , thus it would n't bear the name of that international criminal and it would still operate . 
  sadly this is n't the first story of this kind to be coming the the island . 
  this has been proposed before and denied but right now i am up for it actually . 
  this whole thing is losing it 's mojo and some banter would be a nice way to wrap it up . 
  what program do you make these in ? 
  tako je !, 
  [ should n't be going after france then . 
  i just want to draw swastika in the middle of their flag right now . 
  surely you mean `` german autism '' . 
  germans will be germans . 
  what does the thing at the top symbolize ? 
  why is the smoke green ? 
  serious ? 
  yet he singlehandendly bringed down the single most powerful political entity that is the european union . 
  makes it even more incredible . 
  this is a grey zone when it comes to whether a company is protecting user 's privacy or refusing the help the police with their investigation . 
  something that should be discussed and then decision made , possibly case by case . 
  what bothers me is that this is no such thing . 
  author has already made it 's decision and thinks others should agree with him . 
  i guess you were being downvoted and had to add that sentence . 
  [ poster . 
  do n't know anything further . 
  just that . 
  comes from eu4 . 
  our prayers are with the police who had to contain crazed people instigated by agent provocateurs on sunday of all days . 
  god knows how many of them gave their lives to protect the motherland . 
  pardon me , am i missing a joke or is it unusual to take 3 first time scuba divers at once ? 
  knights of malta . 
  it 's smart that the buildings have grass on their roofs .
