interesting . 
  perhaps a moldovan thing . 
  in russia , nevesta is only your bride or fiancee , no one would call his wife nevesta after marriage . 
  nevesta is russian for bride, 
  did you translate that yourself or was it in a printed edition ? 
  i like these lines more than the only translation google gives me . 
  oh , did n't know travel time was so short . 
  will definitely consider this , thanks . 
  but i 've been to rome , and naples sounds interesting in itself . 
  hey , do you have any tips on hiking in the tampere area ? 
  ( edit : [ the wikitravel page ] ( http://wikitravel.org/en/tampere ) actually has a bit of info on this , so i 'm good . ), 
  have you checked out duolingo ? 
  their dutch course is great , can recommend . 
  i do n't care about immigrants , but ever since picking a hotel in omonia/athens i 'd like to know beforehand about skeezy areas because some of them are right in the city center . 
  ( this being said , please avoid getting a hotel next to hamburg train station unless you 're into drugs and hookers , those hotels are cheap for a reason ! ), 
  bukovina looks great , adding to bucket list . 
  everyone i ask about naples says it 's a fucking ghetto :( but i so want to see pompeji !, 
  ok , how ghetto-y is malm\u00f6 really ? 
  let 's say i have 3-4 hours to come over from kopenhagen , take some pictures of the seaside architecture and drink a coffee with one of their awesome kaneelbullar . 
  anything i should avoid ? 
  how can you talk about next targets if the ethnic germans in mallorca are not yet free to practise their language and customs ? 
  i 've heard the spanish fascists have outlawed drinking buckets in el arenal . 
  oh i 'd love to visit romania . 
  it 's [ one of my favorite tags ] ( http://allthingseurope.tumblr.com/tagged/romania ) on allthingseurope.tumblr.com . 
  the hunedoara castle looks stunning !, 
  if you 're not too far away from bremen , i 'd recommend checking out tallinn . 
  in all of eastern europe that i 've been to , it 's been my favorite by far . 
  easyjet has started offering good deals to naples , so i 'd like to check it out next . 
  ( i also have plans for kopenhagen and porto , but i wanted to hear people bitch about naples . 
  if i liked marseille , will i enjoy it ? 
  i want to go to pompeji , the vesuv and to capri . 
  and pizza pizza pizza of course . ), 
  oh , if russia has no say in it , then russia should n't have started to seize administration buildings - first in crimea , then in donbass - with their `` little green men '' . 
  ukrainians have a lot of respect for independence claims per se , it would have gone very differently if it was a thing of rallies , demonstrations , and a donetsk maidan . 
  but the masked men seizing the buildings were a clear sign of invasion . 
  chicken stock or chicken soup, 
  so when should iraq start claiming a right to malm\u00f6 ? 
  works in german ( \u00fcber\u00fcbermorgen ) and russian ( posleposlezavtra ) too , but not really used , we 'd just say `` in three days '' . 
  not sure if joking , but it 's from french b\u00e2ton . 
  it seems it was n't poisoning but antidepressants overdose . 
  using such a title is crying `` wolf '' . 
  drunk british stag parties pissing on the freedom monument in riga . 
  germany : l\u00fcneburger heide , if you are into hiking , nature , theme parks and rural food . 
  also harz , black forest and spreewald , and the north sea islands . 
  having spent my childhood in rural russia , 90 % of leviafan felt like watching a documentary , the conversations , tensions etc. 
  are spot on . 
  did you even read my comment ? 
  i said it 's still creepy . 
  anyway , i misremembered , the original comment was right . 
  edit . 
  it seems i was wrong about her age and most sources in fact do state her age as nine at consummation . 
  but what the hell . 
  how about you do n't use such words and implications ? 
  my original comment was not insulting . 
  yes , and scaring her family into the marriage . 
  strange that this article did n't explain how it started . 
  the family tried to get her out of the village , but could get past his patrols . 
  they tried to reach kadyrov on his instagram , but the comments were deleted . 
  after novaya gazeta became interested , the guy backed off and said he had no such plans , he has a wife already . 
  http://www.novayagazeta.ru/columns/68304.html but then apparently kadyrov felt it was time to show strength , signalled the police chef that he 's behind him and the wedding went through . 
  the girl looks super depressed and can hardly walk in the wedding video . 
  for some reason , instead of a civil registry official , a well known radio reporter was hired for the ceremony . 
  it seems that it was just staged , she 's his concubine now , not his wife, 
  iirc , the prophet was ok with marrying a 9-yo , but put off consummation until she was fertile . 
  so , still creepy , but let 's not mix up details here . 
  looks like krautchan in the screenshots, 
  very much oppressed sir , can you believe they have outlawed drinking buckets ? 
  i think the guy in your video has less bushy brows and his receding hairline is different . 
  i think it may very well be that they are n't there all the time , just used for big one-time operations , like debaltseve or the august offensive , when they need the better skills and morale of actual troops . 
  both times russian soldiers were actually caught and from their stories i gathered that they were moved there for one operation and not permanently . 
  when the conflict is going quiet , they can use volunteers , which are less of a scandal when caught . 
  i do n't know about these two , i have n't come around to see their interviews yet . 
  right sector is not rooted in west ukraine , they 're from dnepropetrovsk region . 
  in hamburg you have to be ethnic german , according to their faq . 
  considering hamburg is one of the more cosmopolitan german cities , accepting foreigners will probably be an exception elsewhere too . 
  well , your post history suggests you are russian . 
  next time someone whines about the ivan or the russkies in one of the russia posts , notice how the criticism is true , but the wording is condescending and annoying . 
  it can be both true and racist . 
  downvoted for the casual racism . 
  germans do n't use `` das '' like this . 
  not in a sentence like `` op posted a claim , but they did n't provide a source '' . 
  there are way too many of them anyway . 
  way too many . 
  imagine your country having the same crappy statue of , i do n't know , some british monarch in every small town as the center piece , and then some crappy busts in the districts . 
  germany is a very down-to-earth country . 
  apart from the bielefeld joke , which no one mistakes for anything but a joke , i could n't think of any . 
  so i 'll go with the country that i 've spent my child years in : russia . 
  now , these are all things that have been told to me by people i know irl : * ( my favorite ) putin has around ten doppelg\u00e4ngers , who do his tv appearances and state visits for him . 
  pictures of putins with presumably different ear lobes and face wrinkles are circulating ( usually the difference is only in the angle ) . 
  the real putin is in a hospital fighting cancer . 
  * the usa did n't buy alaska from russia , but instead rented it for 100 years and then refused to give it back . 
  conveniently , the person who told me this story ( he had it from russian tv ) ca n't read english and it 's no use showing him the contract on wikipedia . 
  * there were no ukrainians before 1917 and their language and culture were invented by the communists and lenin specifically . 
  that 's why they had so many lenin statues . 
  you should probably list some things that you are going to visit/do already . 
  are you hiring a car , how much time do you have ? 
  you 'll get better advice with more information , and people are less wary to suggest things if they do n't think `` that 's super popular , he 's probably doing that anyway '' . 
  first of all , not in all countries we actually imagine them fighting against invaders or something . 
  second , not in all countries they are volunteers . 
  in germany , until recently there used to be draft , and when drafted you had the choice of `` civil service '' like helping out in a local nursing home .
