  he 'll write him a ticket for some bullshit reason because the cops are corrupt . 
  same as anyone else . 
  half the people in russia are doctors so it 's cheap here . 
  i graduated electrical engineer from america . 
  i love the usa but russia is my home . 
  i must stay here through all the bad times . 
  thanks for the offer !, 
  if you 're ever in piter we 'll grab a drink, 
  i 'm an engineer and ca n't afford new shoes right now . 
  well i could if i bought less marijuana but two years ago i could have both . 
   be me  live in russia  economy geared towards space and military for 60 years  all just to give usa the middle finger  usa literally does n't fucking care  give them a bigger middle finger  turkey shoots down a plane  wtf  currency wo n't stabilize  fuck, 
  you 're right :( i play in mud all day and call it work, 
  i think you 'd be suprised to find out we have homes and schools in russia . 
   ladder kek, 
  lasagna and wine, 
  he 's right . 
  especially in the bigger cities . 
  however , the more religious people like my family usually wait . 
  i did get totally drunk in new years downtown , if that 's what you 're asking . 
  because 80 % of the people live in europe and 90 % of the people are of european ancestry . 
  oh jeeze i made it seem like russia has it 's own special christmas : /, 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  russia is overly aggressive , and i hate finding out my friends died in a secret war , but we 're not evil . 
  when in doubt , russians are evil . 
  it 's like the fucking motto of r/europe, 
  dachau is a museum . 
  it 's for education about what happened . 
  auschwitz is to scare you and make you feel bad . 
  definitely happened . 
  shoes quadrupled in price where i live so i 'm going in rags so i can still afford coffee . 
  still a few more weeks until is christmas here in russia, 
  wladimir putin is a pretty wild guy . 
  he makes trouble . 
  housing him makes everyone double hate russia . 
  i want him to leave so we can all be friends again . 
  at least like we were friends before the war in georgia, 
  amnesty : russia is literal boogie man . 
  r u scared ? 
  be scared , pls . 
  it does n't . 
  but nobody will believe you or me on reddit . 
  have you gotten your fsb check yet ? 
  they still have n't paid me :(, 
  yea i also saw korea which made me laugh . 
  but ya know . 
  chile but bot russia gets to be part of europe now ? 
  :( come on guys let us in the club, 
  legal raids being banned based on time ? 
  jeeze . 
  here , the police will break down your door because they 're bored . 
  belgians ca n't risk waking up the terrorists because it 's rude . 
   20 %  small minority nope . 
  yaaaay i knew all that praying would bring me karma some day . 
  i always hoped it would be real karma though, 
  russia church every sunday, 
  russia is certainly not perfect but that does n't mean other nations dont have problems too . 
  i 'm also hiding in your closet , reading your emails and pulling the blankets off your feet so they get cold at night !, 
  oooooo wodka and donbas will be all mine !, 
  citizenship is definitely more important but at some point you have to look after the natives . 
  maybe do n't go full russia and try to protect them outside russia and have a bunch of guys go on vacation in the donbas but i live in russia and it was a country founded by russians for russians . 
  that does n't mean we dont share , but we also dont give away what our grandparents fought and died for . 
   rararussiya rara is because i fucking love lady gaga and her song `` bad romance '' and russiya is pretty cool too . 
  sadly i dont get paid to shitpost on reddit as i 've heard some do . 
  so if youre reading this fsb i am owed a lot of money !, 
  yeah , we seem to bankroll and awful lot of things according to r/europe . 
  then the elections were probably more representative of france than i liked to believe . 
  i am just reflecting my russian ideas of ethnicity into the french . 
  i believe the great french people exist but i 'm russian and so wo n't be voting in france 's future . 
  if the people of france are happy with the government , i am happy . 
  but still a democracy . 
  i do n't like the outcome either but it 's better than any dictatorship . 
  i was hoping for a different outcome , but the citizens of france have spoken . 
  i really thought them declaring that ethnic french people do n't exist would be the last straw but i was wrong . 
  congratulations france !, 
  no , canadians exist . 
  he is as french as i am elvish . 
  well the first guy said he was n't 100 % french which implies he meant ethnically ( which there is no such thing now ) . 
  the second guy also commented on frenchness . 
  cmon dude, 
   french identifying might as well identify as elvish, 
   i 'm french no you 're not . 
  the law just ruled and said there are no native frenchman . 
  that must be why russia has the highest phds per capita . 
  always a bridesmaid never the bride :( one day they 'll put us on one of these fun little maps, 
   most of your upper class already left you have clearly never been in russia, 
  by western standards , yes i suppose russians are racist . 
  but that 's because tax-payers ( and politicians pockets ) come before leaches in russia . 
   you have no civil society have you ever been to russia ? 
  you only see what you want . 
  there are two sides to russia : the mobsters and the peasants . 
  the mobsters are what you self-righteous eu kiddies imagine russia is , shake downs , drugs , and unbelievable war time atrocities , but refuse to see the other side . 
  the peasants of russia are the most hardworking and compassionate people in the world . 
  if you ever visit a russian village , never claim to like anything in a person 's home because they 'll insist you take it as a gift . 
  they 're hard working a patriotic which is why there are so many russian scientists . 
  and if russia is that terrible , you are obligated to let me , a refugee from the land of `` no civil society '' live in your house and give me money because i 'm fleeing such a horrible place !, 
  christmas - of course !, 
  victory day - i love the parades !, 
  we 'll get you , and your little dog too . 
  no but i 'm starting to get a little fat ( they opened a mcdonald 's by my work ) , so i might be soon !, 
  the nazi 's loved youth programs , i love youth programs .
