  belgium was doing great until the arabs came . 
  when belgium was belgians this did n't happen . 
  oooh public speaking is not for me . 
  haha . 
  i prefer windowless basements, 
  i 'm not here for putin . 
  i 'm here for russia and the russians . 
  putin can go fuck himself for this happening . 
  i 'm here for the peasants like me . 
  why ? 
  so i can stop helping my countrymen ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  russia is my home and i am a russian . 
  i will stay work . 
  i can not leave home in a crisis just because it is convenient . 
  edit : look at me . 
  gold as the toilet putin shits in . 
  also live in russia . 
  electrical engineer . 
  200 euros this month for me . 
  as long as he wants , i suppose, 
  iranian christians are safe in iran . 
  the most important parts of the article for those who go right to the comments ( i often do it ) :  a gunfight has erupted in a migrant camp in northern france , leaving four people wounded after clashes that were thought to have involved rival gangs of smugglers . 
   two men were treated overnight for gunshot wounds , a third for stab wounds and a woman for blows to the head following the clashes at the grande-synthe camp near dunkirk . 
   david michaux , a crs anti-riot officer from the unsa police union , told le figaro : `` there is a real problem of muslims and non-muslims . 
  most of the camp 's 3,000-odd occupants are muslim kurds from iraq , iran and syria but a minority are christians from iran . 
  `` the muslims are trying to expel the christians from the camp . ''  he added : `` a unit of gendarmes was at the grande-synthe camp [ on tuesday ] . 
  they heard shots fired , around 40 according to their estimates . ''  four people were held for questioning on charges of attempted voluntary homicide . 
  police believe the fight erupted between rival people smuggling gangs against a backdrop of simmering tensions between muslims and christians in the camp . 
   ...  hours after the shots were fired , an alleged iraqi people-smuggler with 11 migrants in his van drove at a line of police , who replied by firing guns at the vehicle . 
  two migrants were taken to hospital after being hit by a flashball , a non-lethal weapon used by police . 
  the driver was arrested . 
  you think wrong . 
  they 're not persecuted at all . 
  you fall under that mindset of all western europeans : you guys care about absolutely everything . 
  everything is your business . 
  in russia , we keep to ourselves . 
  nobody cares what the government says about gays and we are taught tolerance above all else . 
  it 's not okay to sell homosexuality to children by writing about homosexual marriage in media targeted at children . 
  it is still perfectly safe to bay gay in russia . 
  unlike in the eu where you may be stoned for homosexuality , as we saw earlier this month . 
  absolutely . 
  russia is a safe country . 
  anyone with a russian passport who is seeking asylum in the eu ( save a few journalists ) are welfare queens coming to abuse your labor . 
  you 're being pissed on and they wont even call it rain but you will . 
   9/11  paris i guess the attackers had nothing in common . 
  europe , especially western europe , owes these selfish welfare wueens nothing . 
  that 's blackmail . 
  fund their programs or they 're fly planes into your buildings and massacre people in your capital cities . 
  count me out . 
  what happens when those jobs end ? 
  why is it germany 's job to fix the middle east ? 
  why can germany not focus on germans ? 
  no problem, 
   camps have a bad taste especially in germany that 's ridiculous . 
  1/10 people in my country died fighting the nazis but nobody hates th accountants at deutsche bank that are the modern germans . 
  people need to get over what our great grandparents did and stop blaming the youth . 
  people hate sweden because , from the 1970s until about 2005 sweden was the best country in the world and it has committed suicide . 
  that 's fine . 
  i 'm not being thrown out of my home to make space for arabs . 
  it 's only a matter of time for you . 
  really ? 
  nobody moves to russia . 
  is it really that bad ? 
  i mean i love russia but most redditors hate us . 
  we definitely do but at least we have some freedom . 
  i shit-post on twitter all the time and i 've never been warned by the police . 
  cant do that in the netherlands . 
  edit : : i dont want to deny that russia is a police state , but i 'd rather live here than the netherlands . 
   thousands of new officers to do what ? 
  show up at the homes of swedish citizens and demand they not criticize the migrants like the dutch police do ? 
  and they say we russians live in a police state . 
  should we not be ? 
  they always talk about us like we 're stupid, 
  i 've never been asked to take a poll . 
  but i would still give my honest answer . 
  while the government may arrest journalists like assholes they 're not going to shoot a lazy fuck like me who is pissed that my wages are worthless . 
  who is afraid of this ? 
  unless the poll was done by the fsb i would n't be afraid of anything . 
  i feel like r/europe is like half finns . 
  you guys must love reddit . 
  i wish more russians spoke english so we would n't be so segregated to the russian subreddits . 
  you guys are so fun to talk to and could use some delusional and jaded opinions . 
  i think the british , like you , have too * low * opinion of themselves . 
  so many amazing scientists were british and all i see from these hyper-progressive london outlets is that they 're monsters who oppress people . 
  every country did bad things but the british specifically have done much more good than bad for the world . 
  it sounds like you 've never been to russia . 
  when i was in school we always learn about soviet mistakes and what led us to where we are . 
  but we 're also proud of our defeat of the fascists and our position in the space race ( second place is n't so bad for such a peaceful competition ) , even if bad things happened because of of it . 
  i was told in school thst tje greatest thing that came from russia was the mir spacecraft . 
  of course , the greatest thing to come from the uk was the usa . 
  uk is the victors and write themselves as evil, 
  putin has nothing to do with this . 
  too bad . 
  it had just begun . 
  your very wrong of you think anyone gives a shit . 
  you western europeans care about absolutely everything . 
  gives . 
  here in russia . 
  he 'll get pulled over without a pot on his head and nobody , not even the cop , will care .
