so is oslo but you see how things are there . 
  yeah but let 's be realistic about rates . 
  you should be afraid . 
  once the motherland calls you cant call us back until a nuclear disaster slows our ambitions . 
  i always curse in english . 
  of course , the common russian only needs `` fuck '' . 
  that 's what you think . 
  russian will dominate the world !, 
  i 'm a permanent resident of the usa but a russian citizen . 
  you raise a good point !, 
  but i am a legal migrant . 
  i came to the usa knowing english and how to do web design . 
  here , i immediately went to school and debt and now i 'm an electrical engineer here so i 'd hardly same i 'm dragging down the welfare system . 
  besides , i speak the language and love pizza and freedom . 
  i went to every single home football game at my university ( i made a point of it ) . 
  i 'm a bears fan and the only real relationship i have to russia now ( besides citizenship and family ) is that i talk funny and it 's a good ice-breaker when meeting people . 
  i suppose it 's putin rubbing off on me with the whole `` protect ethnic russians even on the moon '' mentality . 
  i suppose when i say ethnic i really do mean cultural . 
  i have never seen a somali or afghani in germany who totally give up their culture and assimilate entirely as germans . 
  they tend to cling to their old identities quite a lot . 
  that is n't how it should be though . 
  1/20 russians died during the war . 
  we knew sacrifice like nobody else at the time . 
  but we kept our identity . 
  we are still the heroic russians who defeated fascism . 
  germany fought fast and brave . 
  they invented new tactics . 
  they saw wjay angry russians were capable of and ran a war on multiple fronts with amazing men led by brilliant leaders . 
  these men are heroes too . 
  they defended the motherland with their lives . 
  even when they knew we ( russians ) would stop at nothing , they conscripted the children to fight . 
  they know heroic sacrifice too and deserve their owm call of the motherland . 
  it makes me very sad that you can brutalize an entire race in the media just because they came from the same country as heisenberg and von braun . 
  i feel very bad for germans . 
  we , the russians , did horrible things all through history but there are brilliant gold statues to our valient bravery ... but if the motherland calls , we will always answer, 
  to name a few, 
  that 's what i was thinking . 
  i had a friend who lived in berlin and he could n't get an apartment as a german citizen because he was n't married , and they want free housing in berlin ? 
  oh just wait . 
  you 'll be russian in no time . 
  his name would be said like d-eat-er right-er , so it 's not as funny :(, 
   summerislam ftfy, 
  russians , especially the rural ones , are actually suprisingly racist . 
  i 've been back and sometimes i 'll hear them talk about how much they hate black people . 
  i 'll ask them if they 've ever met a black person and the answer us often no , which is hilarious . 
  xax, 
  the only non-racists left are we beautiful russians, 
  i usually get drunk with my friends and give out candy ( not at the same time ) because you ca n't just ignore all the kids knocking on the door !, 
  but i dont decorate or dress up . 
  so i guess in a way i do halloween lol, 
  so im from russia but i have permanent residency in america , right ? 
  i dont do halloween and i think it 's odd . 
  but i dont punch people over it . 
  i dont think , even if i get citizenship , i 'll ever be american . 
  there is more to nationality than having a passport . 
  he said german tradition was offensive . 
  he 's clearly not german . 
  there is more to being german than being on their welfare . 
  he ought to fuck off to a different country if he does n't like the one he 's in . 
  praise be to lord putin, 
  it 's their culture !, 
  it 's your duty as a westerner to let them rob and kill you !, 
  do n't be a racist !, 
  what a beautiful culture :*) edit :  deleted of course . 
  it was a video of non-europeans attacking swedish police and calling them terrorists . 
  my experience as a middle class russian is that nobody cares . 
  the russian cares more about family and money than anything else . 
  i see no animosity towards americans besides the usual `` oh too much meddling '' you get from any person you talk to about the us . 
  do polish high schools have pinball teams ? 
  you 're a shitty neighbor !, 
  get off my lawn !, 
  true dat . 
  i voted for the guy who wanted to re-serf us because i love being oppressed . 
  the only thing they want from us is money . 
  they dont care about safety or culture . 
  this is depressing . 
  europeans should n't need to do this in their home countries . 
  it 's tragic . 
  i 'm almost glad nobody wants to go to russia . 
  guys can we just . 
  ya know be cool ... just once . 
  like ... coordinate your armies under moscow generals . 
  why do n't you want to join our happy little family ? 
  think of the monuments we could build together !, 
  all you have to do is give up everything you stand for ... 
  i was making a joke . 
  it 's funny because you did n't read op 's comment, 
  are you unliterate ? 
  and my axe !, 
  it 's the window to the west !, 
  i loved visiting but i could never afford to live there . 
  i only made it to moscow once when i was very young ( ~ 12 ) . 
  i felt like it was a lot more * russian * but i was with my parents and we were basically tourists . 
  i had a lot of fun there . 
  i wish !, 
  i live in the usa now but i grew up to the east of piter . 
  nfd is best fd, 
  the american democratic party used to support slavery and look at them now . 
  should we exclude them from legislature ? 
  anyone who is n't from sweden does .
