  they do n't exclude those who disagree with them . 
  this is n't `` anti-refugee '' . 
  this is just stating the rules instead of lying about gr\u00fcsse aus deutschland . 
  the koran . 
  i think so . 
  i mostly just see him bitch of facebook on how much me misses his home country . 
  country being european russia . 
  my cousin is in our army and he 's still in vladivostok . 
  where he has been ... for two years . 
  he hates the army . 
  so we know at least 1 russian soldiers is not in syria . 
  i live in the usa too now but `` the detached mission '' is still a great movie !, 
  we 'll do what we always do !, 
  stare at eachother and make movies about how badass it would be if the other guy actually did it !, 
  i prefer just denial of the obvious lol `` ukraine ? 
  never heard of it ! '', 
  why you do dis putin ? 
  we 're supposed to be the country of open secrets !, 
  you 'd assure people wrong . 
  get over you out-dated world view of russians all as red army fanatics . 
  it was a very scary time for all of us as we had just recently experienced the apartment bombings . 
  there was no celebration in russia when american civilians die . 
  do you germans throw parties when the moscow subway gets bombed ? 
  they 're still taking a comedian to court for insulting your turkish overlords . 
  at the end of the day you 're dragging yourself back down to our level . 
  who cares ? 
  germany is still acting like shit by doing this . 
  who cares if they are n't the smelliest shit taken today , it 's still shit . 
   yeah but we only arrested one journalists for his work you 're not better than russia . 
  you 're right . 
  that was some low shit posting . 
  i need to step up my game . 
   flemish city not anymore . 
  that 's an islamic city and you 're a racist if you dare say otherwise . 
  just make sure to keep all the true germans at an arms length  perfectly safe, 
  i 'm an engineer here , but that is very true . 
  i cant even afford marijuana or shoes anymore :( sanctions are biting the workers very hard . 
  however , i can send my nephew to the public swimming pool without him being raped so that 's a plus . 
   one incident  reported all over country  police cover up you 're delusional . 
   cologne not a great choice in showing how tolerant your islamist guests are . 
  i 'm glad you 're happy with the conditions . 
  are the no-go zones in cities just where football stadiums are or are they were immigrants live ? 
  wow . 
  russia may be a shit hole , but at least we do n't put up with sharia law . 
  i even have female friends who can go outside without being escorted by a man !, 
  keep whipping yourself , friend !, 
  maybe if you hit yourself hard enough we 'll all forget about the holocaust . 
  they messed up by not being the viking party . 
  vikings are just scandinavian pirates !, 
  germany is the biggest push-over in the history of the world . 
  jews and christians are not welcome in merkel 's new europe . 
  they should all be forced to leave . 
  atheists should wait their turn . 
  it is only a matter of time . 
  they are allowed to groom white english girls as sex slaves . 
  if intervention occurs it is racism . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  but in russia people are viewed as equals . 
  western europe puts muslims on a pedestal like in rotterdam where they can do no wrong . 
  it 's really these middle eastern barbarians who ca n't blend with civilisation . 
  i think during the cold war the west of afraid of russia . 
  rightful so !, 
  we had awesome spies who stole all kinds of information including how to build nuclear weapons . 
  now we have all those spies and people trained in collecting intelligence with nothing to do since china is the new hot world bad guy . 
  so they look for secret messages in calvin klein ads . 
  i really doubt the kgb had rifles in belgium . 
  and the fsb is too fucking busy watching edward snowden go about his boring life . 
  `` is that a muffin ? 
  why would he risk tje carbohydrates ? 
  he 's clearly nervous . 
  he 's up to something . '', 
  why would the eu accept refugees from the entire third world while most of it was safe ? 
  costs a lot of money that we do n't have . 
  i do n't care if syria is tearing itself apart . 
  if russia does n't focus on russia , we 'll be next . 
  eu wo n't take white refugees , as we learned after our fucking up of ukraine . 
  if we have a civil war it will be very very bad . 
   greece must pay us now !, 
   greece must care for the refugees  greece must stop refugees at once  greece should send us refugees germany is the most schizophrenic nation in history, 
  video of the incident in the article . 
  after they knocked down the gate and threw rocks at the police officers they were teargassed . 
  in my opinion , these officers were showing amazing restraint . 
  be proud of your boys macedonia . 
  `` wow . 
  this sucks so much maybe communism could be okay . '', 
  times, 
  people here in piter were none too pleased either . 
  i got a lot of fliers when i went shopping today . 
  mostly not . 
  i was just messing around . 
  no need to be all sad . 
  poland can come too !, 
  i think we 'd make a great macronation , 
  pakistan should not be unsafe . 
  much of it is safe . 
  they still commit a lot more crime than the nstive whites, 
   eu upset by austria 's `` sovereignty '' ftfy, 
  oh , germany . 
  never change . 
  i believe the museum of hygiene in st. peterburg still has rasputin 's pickled penis and several pickled casualties of austerlitz .
