european flags : albania , estonia , and norway . 
  outside of europe : kazakhstan , singapore , cape verde , marshall islands , trinidad and tobago , thailand , and botswana . 
  agreed . 
  you have a nice flag . 
  and how traumatized were you when you saw your dad bash its head in ? 
  what if the kid wants to know who his parents are for medical reasons or to avoid incest ? 
   then you 're wrong because you think our legal system is similar to yours . 
  the guy i was responding to said it seemed like a weird thing to do as if he does n't see why anyone would do that . 
  and i gave an example as to why someone would in the context of my country and what goes on here . 
  i see . 
   if i 've read the ( swedish ) law text correctly a woman claiming someone to be the father is n't sufficient evidence of him being the father . 
  that 's not the case here , which is why there are paternity tests and whatnot . 
  that 's interesting how your system works . 
  i think that 's a good idea , it seems less susceptible to manipulation . 
  because if a woman claims that you are the father of her child the government can require you to support her and the child financially . 
  if you get a paternity test you can avoid that ( but not always . 
  i read of a guy who * still * had to pay child support even when it was proven it was n't his kid . 
  f * cked up . ), 
  mexican is n't a language . 
  neither is brazilian . 
  hot and humid , filled with alligators and giant flying bugs ? 
   bonus is that then you know exactly what 's in that jam - berries and sugar . 
  this is true !, 
  i cook a lot , but jam/jelly is just not one of those things that people make on their own here . 
  at least not where i live . 
  i live in the suburbs so it 's not like there 's a forest out back i can go pick stuff in . 
  maybe this is more common in other states . 
   would you ask the cititzens of your new home to adapt to you when you do n't even try to adapt to them ? 
  that seems to be the new mentality -_-, 
  i agree . 
  not everyone is great with languages , but at least make an attempt to learn it , especially if you live there . 
  i think it 's really disrespectful when people live in a country for years and never learn the language . 
   is it made only of just juice , insted of pulp ? 
  [ yes , i believe so ] ( http://www.finecooking.com/item/37082/jelly-vs-jam-vs-preserves ), 
  hahaha !, 
  i do n't mind , 
  it 's not weird . 
  it 's just not common to make your own jam . 
  why make it when you can buy it ? 
  if someone makes it it 's a special thing . 
  :p that just means more wine for you !, 
  that 's cool, 
  wow . 
  that 's cool , 
  this could be a reality show ... 
  well , i always say that wine is just grape juice that got ruined so ... :p, 
  i do n't think that plums and grapes are similar but i 'd have to try it . 
  the strawberry and apricot/peach is n't bad ( heck , is anything bad on a warm buttered croissant ? 
  ) , i was just really surprised that there was no grape jelly , especially with all the wine going on in spain . 
  they make it ?!?!?!?!, 
  we had a friend who would make us pomegranate jelly . 
  hands down the best jelly i 've ever eaten . 
  not jello lol . 
  grape jelly is fantastic , dude . 
  i 've studied a bit of german and your accents and dialects are just ridiculous . 
  i 'd rather deal with mandarin . 
  they have guns ? 
  that 's a big if . 
  people usually are incapable of being that objective . 
  the school system is very biased and left-leaning and getting more and more hostile to other opinions/viewpoints . 
  it would be nice if only facts were taught and differing opinions and interpretations were presented fairly . 
  but that would require a complete overhaul of the system as well as teacher training and monitoring to make sure they 're not being biased . 
  that 's a lot of time and money that no one is willing to spend . 
  at least no one competent and in power is willing to do it . 
   also if it presented unbiased ? 
  it does n't and that 's the problem . 
   because no one wants to be a bavarian , except bavarians and they already are bavarian so they do n't count . 
  why is that ? 
  this is true !, 
  i think part of why english is so irregular is that we use to many words from different languages . 
  for example , we say `` ballet '' with a french ( ish ) pronunciation ( ba-lay ) not like and english one ( ba-let ) . 
  that 's one thing that i think is cool about english . 
  but i do understand that sometimes the spelling rules make no sense when they are n't explained well or taught correctly from the get go . 
  this is true !, 
  yeah , those are little boogers . 
  good lord . 
  when did that start ? 
  it 's just atrocious . 
  * qu'est - ce que c'est * what on earth ??? 
  really though , i think french and english are equal in terms of the amount of reasonable vs unreasonable spelling . 
  wow . 
  that actually makes me want to read more xd that was so intense lol, 
   trolls eating people or cutting their own bellies open for example . 
  i * loved * rainbowfish !!!, 
  honestly , i think the romance languages are way easier . 
  i started learning german and noped out at the changing articles based on direct or indirect object thingies . 
  lol . 
  i may take another stab at it though . 
  what ?!?!?!, 
  i am intrigued ... must study ... 
  i think it 's rude and disrespectful to not learn the language of a country you 're living in . 
  there are different opinions about this in the us , but i 'm not asking anyone to do anything that i do n't demand of myself . 
  if you 're just visiting , just be nice and at least learn to say `` hello '' and `` thank you . '', 
  my french sucked when i was in france and i was so pissed at myself for not having studied better . 
  nobody else was upset , but i did n't like it . 
  i was n't going to give you any !, 
  when people ask how you are we sometimes respond with `` so so . '', 
  i was saying `` as\u00ed as\u00ed '' or something like that . 
  lol wow, 
  that could be a bad misunderstanding .
