he also saved george washington life . 
  freedom ai n't free, 
  i hope latvians remember that we helped them acquire independence after ww1 , hopefully there wo n't be a need to do that again , 
  never heard of such thing !, 
  they do ? 
  but we were neighbours for a long time before slovakia was a thing, 
  i dont know why are you so triggered by google search result that probably comes from teenagers trying to learn some history for school exams , how about you stop taking random trivia so seriously ? 
  apparently hungary does . 
   macedonia : conquered greece ouch, 
   or that napoleon created the duchy of warsaw . 
  and he did so out of charity obviously ? 
  poles under napoleon had to fight for rights like wearing polish uniforms instead of french ones , the france had imposed crushing taxes on duchy of warsaw ( bigger than russian/austrian/prussian during occupation ) , got deported into colonies where they were supposed to fight rebels etc we remember that you restored ( briefly ) our independence but we also had to work for it under napoleonic armies . 
  actually german minority has a lot of rights like street names in their language or their own german minority party despite being pretty small, 
  yeah , i see 1st may as religious holiday , communists created their own substitute and called it workers day . 
  thanks but lets keep communism out of this, 
  if there are legitimate reasons to be afraid of something then its no longer phobia ( irrational fear ), 
   that will ruin your country you keep repeating this phase as if there was something happening , something that i 'm unaware of , maybe you will enlighten me ? 
  a major factor on electing these `` retarded '' people was to avoid massive influx of muslim refugees , which is understandable considering that for example poland is very safe country and no one wants to see any changes in that regard . 
  honestly you dont need to believe in conspiracy theories to dislike this guy . 
  he works in pretty shady ways to say the least . 
  explain how this kind of racism against eastern europe is still ok for you while you go crazy about anything negative directed and middle eastern immigrants, 
   george soros conspiracy theories what conspiracy theories ? 
  with difference that it was n't alliance and we took only small piece of land with polish majority ( yes , a dick move but those things can not be possibly compared ) , at least you did n't see polish/nazi troops parading through prague like soviets did with nazi troops in order to celebrate conquest of poland . 
  also something a bit older - [ death of w\u0142adys\u0142aw sikorski ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/w%c5%82adys%c5%82aw_sikorski's_death_controversy ), 
  or how soviets allied nazis in 1939 . 
  or how soviets would let nazis raze the warsaw in 1944 and massacre its population only to have easier time occupying our country . 
  as a kid i had opportunity to pet one of them feels good, 
  modern ukraine has almost nothing to do with cossacks . 
  the delusion is strong in this one, 
  its \u0142, 
  i hope they will join asap, 
  kinda surprised to not find pole on that list . 
  i mean there is a serb , indian and even an ... egyptian ? 
  they probably are one of these people who think that germany is some kind of magical place where money grows on trees . 
   one time , we , france , actually recreated poland from the ashes , its not like you were doing this because of charity . 
  napoleon imposed crushing taxes , installed german king ( from dynasty that pretty much ruined us during 18 century ) , and we also had to fight for right to use polish uniforms instead of french ones during napoleonic wars . 
  i also think that the choice of events is a bit weird and it might seem underwhelming to foreigner but our good relations are n't only based on historical events , but also by similar culture , a lot of borrowed words etc. 
  best : french , polish and czech worst : belarus , lithuania , ukraine and portugal, 
  yes , in a sense that there is a lot more to see than just auschwitz, 
  pis is not right wing party . 
  they are socialists . 
  why ? 
  games can be educational too , and there is nothing wrong with that . 
  i know about that thanks to eu4 ... 
  and why would we not consider them european ? 
  i agree . 
  to me it looks like this entire `` we 're totally not eastern guys ! '', 
  circlejerk is a thing because either people dont want their country to be associated with ukraine/belarus/russia or its just a weird inferiority syndrome . 
  and keep in mind that im not talking exclusively about czech republic . 
  im speaking for my country as well . 
   unfortunately , the new generation of post-communist leaders has proven underwhelming in comparison with statesmen of the caliber of vaclav havel and lech walesa not sure about vaclaw but lech walesa is not really a `` statesman '' one should aspire to become . 
  right . 
  it was created by pretty popular independant polish journalist living in usa . 
  here 's the [ link ] ( http://citizengo.org/en/signit/33110/view ), 
  \u00f3 __ \u00f3, 
  it does n't always works that way . 
  robbers and thieves think twice before assaulting person in country with less tight gun rights . 
  switzerland does n't have such issue . 
  whats wrong with gun rights ? 
  besides , you should n't feel sorry or concerned for shit some hooligans did . 
  yes , its sometimes bad but its not like they represent the country . 
  that 's also a communist thing so its nothing new here . 
  im always amused how their attempts to put fellow hapsburg on our throne failed , and there were many of those attempts . 
  i think austria itself was a good ally most of time but their participation in partitions was dumb since it strengthened their rivals . 
  uprisings , creation and rise of polish nationalism to counter efforts of russification/germanisation pretty nasty times for poles, 
  fun fact : bia\u0142owie\u017ca became private forest/land of kings beginning in early xiv century . 
  no one with exception of ruler was allowed to hunt there or cut trees from it for a long time . 
  kinda show how even back then people would appreciate this magnificent piece of nature . 
  good thing they had no such luck in warsaw , not that it mattered later some 20 years later ... 
  the thread was titled one thing in your country , so i thought it would be obvious that i meant my country , not serbia , 
  and from europe ? 
  hmm . . probably something in south europe , especially spain or greece . 
  this , for different ( but similar ) reasons, 
  schetyna made a fool of himself , and made his country look laughable while trying to improve relations with ukrainians who still praise the people that were massacring poles . 
  falsifying history like he did just to spite on russia is beyond retarded , imagine the shitstorm if modern russia said that polish people were fascist collaborators and needed to be liberated . 
  i thought that bulgaria when it comes to poles is mostly known for varna , or more specifically - [ crusade of varna ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crusade_of_varna ), 
  and im still waiting for explanation how is this situation related to our current politics or some kind of revenge . 
  it would rather put legitimacy of our country in bad light if we let potential oppressors from communist era go unpunished especially when we are given proofs . 
  and i understand what you mean but until some things are explained ( and some of them probably can be , by these documents ) people will always be frustrated by shady things that happened during round table agreement . 
  yeah who cares about justice , or the fact that the retired commies are paid by money from our taxes ? 
  but seriously , tell me - how is current party remotely related to what kiszczak wife tried to sell and screwed up horribly so entire situation backfired so that some people might finally hear truth ? 
  and about people talking a lot about history , there is reason for that . 
  its still fresh , there are still people that lived through the war and soviet occupation and im sure many of them are glad to see some dirt leaking out on their former overlords . 
  ignoring the past is as stupid as ignoring future . 
  unfortunetaly poland is far from fairyland like canada which was n't massacred , occupied or invaded by its neighbours so its natural that there is still some bad history in minds of poles . 
  maybe you should n't have started these wars then xd, 
  it was one of poorest prussian regions even before soviets marched through it turning most of it into pile of bricks . 
   communists seem to hate crowned birds . 
  all kinds of monarchist symbols actually . 
  crowned birds are n't exception here . 
  western european countries were able to colonize different continents because they were powerful , they did n't `` became '' powerful as a result of colonization ( though it did n't hurt either , obviously ), 
   i do n't want to live in a world ruled by usa , russia or china . 
  i do n't indentify with the american way of life , that 's why you want your country to become equivalent in importance to u.s state ? 
  and how do you want to create artificial federation out of continent that has around 50 countries without any negative consequences ? 
  got ta love those little details . 
  while i like pretty much every mediterranean country i think i would ultimately go with spain . 
  and i bet there will be consequences to artificially creating a single state out of a continent of around 50 countries right ? 
  its funny how suddenly i see this multiple posts about this whole situation and yet no one mentions that its nothing new , that 's its been ongoing for years ( and yes , the actual `` ancient '' part of forest is safe ) i guess reddit experts who act like daily guests to the forest know better . 
  the recent surge of these posts is also probably completely unrelated to the `` le evil ultra nationalist '' polish government that supposedly acts like offspring of putin and hitler . 
  not this fucking thread again .
