i asked for recent examples , specifically from the last 20 years . 
  your examples are old . 
  i will give you a response for the sterilization programme example , but the other two examples we have already discussed . 
  40 000 is the total number of people who got the sterilization procedure . 
  95 % of the people were mentally adequate and asked for or consented to the procedure . 
  of the remaining 5 % , many were sterilized based on medical indication ( sterilization because a pregnancy might endanger the life or health of the woman ) . 
  ( 1 ) there was a small number of mentally disabled people and also a few hundred of gypsies before the second world war who were involuntarily sterilized . 
  far from 40 000 . 
  forced sterilization was widespread throughout the world in the past ( 2 ) . 
  it was a very different world than the one we live in today ( see holocaust ) . 
  i 'm not saying it was not wrong of norway to partake in this , but it is exaggerated , and also not relevant for this discussion because our society is very different now . 
  i 'm still waiting for recent examples of frequent and dramatic failures . 
  ( 1 ) http://www.eurozine.com/articles/2003-04-09-haavie-en.html ( 2 ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/compulsory_sterilization#by_country, 
   i 'm just pointing out that your unwavering support of your system is unreasonable considering such frequent and dramatic failures in not so distant past . 
  can you list the frequent and dramatic failures ? 
  since these failures are so frequent , you should have no problems listing some frequent ones , let 's say from the 20 years . 
  i focus actual problems , not construed ones . 
  for instance , i think the waiting lists we have for surgeries are often way too long . 
  or that many people are on welfare that should n't be . 
  i do n't see the use of an outdated procedure that was used too much 40 + years has any relevance at all . 
  i fail to see how that is connected to barnevernet . 
  lobotomy is a type of brain surgery for mental issues that was used in many countries . 
  it 's an outdated procedure though , and has not been used in more than 40 years . 
   hiding behind `` confidentiality '' and `` immigrants '' . 
  confidentiality is important . 
  would it be correct for barnevernet to go out and list the reasons why they take a kid ? 
  `` we took the boy because he had bruises everywhere and said his mother hit him . '', 
  this is personal information . 
  parents can go to court and have their case tried . 
   how about the native norwegian kids that were forcibly taken away by manipulative interrogation methods ? 
  aired by norwegian state tv , as you surely know . 
  from what i remember , this was a private christian clinic , that lost all funds for the treatment after this case . 
  and i believe this was a treatment , not something used in barnevernet cases ( correct me if i 'm wrong ) . 
  anyway , it was a fucked case that i remember well because i live not far from there , and it 's really good that this is not still going on . 
  this has mostly been a problem lately with immigrants that use more force when bringing up their kids . 
  there has been complains from norwegians as well through the years . 
  but what do you expect ? 
  imagine you 're an ill-mannered drug addict , and your kid is taken away from you . 
  of course you 're not going to like it , and you may go to the news and tell your side of the story . 
  that does n't mean it was wrong of the child services to take the child away from the toxic environment . 
  remember , you only get the parents side of the story , because there are confidentiality rules that prevents barnevernet from saying anything . 
  you can educate yourself on the topic if you want . 
  i really do n't care . 
  very few norwegians care . 
  only those who mistreated their children and lost them . 
  then they will cry about it in the media . 
  is it possible that barnevernet has made mistakes ? 
  yes , in any system mistakes can be made . 
  but mostly it is about culture clash , with parenting techniques from immigrants that are not acceptable here . 
  it 's just anecdotal evidence used to illustrate that it is not like this is a significant problem here . 
  some immigrants that abuse their kids lose custody , and then go back to their home country and give their side of the story to the media . 
  your comparison does n't make any sense at all ... 
  it 's these people that decide to come here , we are not forcing them . 
  is n't it just fair that they follow the same laws as us ? 
  i do n't see many norwegians outraged by this . 
  that link just shows how meticulous they are in their work . 
  they are looking for possible mistakes and correcting them . 
  i 've lived in norway my whole life and i 've never heard of anyone being taken away from their parents . 
  i have witnessed several cases where the children should have been taken away , but were not . 
  now all these immigrants come here and abuse their children and complain when they are taken away . 
  if you come to norway you have to be prepared to accept the way we do it here . 
  and here it is not acceptable to hit children . 
  do n't come here if you plan to physically abuse your child . 
  i do n't care if you were hit as a child but still turned out alright . 
  here we do n't do it . 
  i understand that it must be annoying to hear people talk so much crap about your country . 
  but going off on other countries is not the way to go . 
  norway resisted more than most small countries . 
  we also had fleet that kept fighting and contributing against the axis powers . 
  in addition to that there was an active resistance movement within the country . 
  my granddad was imprisoned and spent time in several prison camps for his resistance . 
  i think he would be sad if he saw your message . 
   norway celebrated the occupation of nazis with a marching band . 
  can you elaborate on this ? 
  are you for real ? 
  look at per capita numbers . 
  the link you posted shows that immigrants as percentage of national population in the us is approximately the same as in most western european countries . 
  what point are you trying to make by posting it ? 
  yes , i 've heard that quite a lot and it 's annoying . 
  it 's sad to say it but there is going to be much more of these attacks in the future . 
  yes , i know , but isnt he like a putin-type character ? 
  elected , but bends the system so he is elected again and again ? 
  is n't a military coup the best way to stop a dictator ? 
  yes it 's stupid . 
  it 's going to be similar for the uk though . 
  what else to do when your main trading partners is a large group that has all of the bargaining power ? 
  yes . 
  unfortunately most people are against . 
  yes , i do n't mind that we pay fees . 
  we have a great standard of living here and i 'm fine with us paying for some hospital in eastern europe . 
  we should have representation though . 
  no it 's not annoying . 
  you 're annoying for discrediting his opinion just based on nationality . 
  it sucks man . 
  i 'm norwegian and when i graduated there were many jobs and internships i could n't apply to because we were n't part of the eu . 
  we have no power , but we have to adhere to most of the rules anyway . 
  eu definitely has some issues though . 
   they are still not strict on immigration \u00d8hhh , has n't ap always been quite strict on immigrations ? 
  now their just even stricter . 
  yes , those numbers makes it difficult .
