  it tends to be the case that overzealous rusyns are branded separatists . 
  this is not a wild allegation considering you just made the claim that the only rusyn nationalists are manufactured by russia . 
  i 'm not a rusyn . 
  i do n't know ( or care ) profoundly much about the issue . 
  but i 've been many times to ruski krstur and interacted with pannonian rusyns . 
  i 've heard their thoughts . 
  i 've read a bit and listened to a few [ rusyn intellectuals ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwhi87tcxpi ) . 
  it 's not a completely made up phenomenon , and i 'd recommend not treating me as if i do n't have the slightest clue what i 'm talking about . 
  was there ever really any evidence that [ dimitry sydor ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dimitry_sydor ) and his movement was sponsored by russia ? 
  it always seemed fishy to me . 
  i 've read before that it 's fear of separatism that does this . 
  even before the russian invasion of ukraine rusyn and ruthenian culture were suppressed to some degree . 
  i imagine it 's only gotten worse . 
  is it controversial to call the dialects in zakarpattia oblast as just dialects , and not as rusyn as [ some claim ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rusyn_language ) ? 
  quite sure . 
  does it just say `` black mountain ? '', 
  or is there an old illyrian name for the region ? 
  breakup of yugoslavia is a good example of this . 
  how the fuck do you have so many upvotes ? 
  these are naturalized slovaks in many cases . 
  i like you . 
  ... * pacific * invasion ? 
  what , because he does n't empathize with the person calling him shit for his country of birth he deserves to be smacked ? 
  if you 'd tell me what country you 're from , i 'm sure we could play this game . 
  2 years `` u/thehamiwank shoe promise '', 
  kurds do n't just fight , they ethnically cleanse their land to form a homogenous kurdish state . 
  i just thought i 'd mention it because it 's my personal pet peeve seeing the ypg glorified . 
  i know these people . 
  wait , this is by that obelisk with the egyptian hieroglyphs on it . 
  it 's fucked up when you imagine these things in a place you 've actually stood -- i suppose it makes them more real . 
  perhaps it 's `` stronger '' in transylvania , but i 'd ask them . 
  here it comes in all shapes and sizes , but the hungarians are most certainly `` self-sufficient . '', 
  monolingual hungarians are all over the place , especially around senta and horgo\u0161 . 
  there 's some discrimination against hungarians in the country , but it 's never been intolerable . 
  there are still some weirdos who imagine vojvodina returning to hungary , but the demographics do n't make that realistic nor desirable anymore . 
  the hungarian identity here is strong in the people , but not so much the region anymore . 
  young hungarians often study in hungarian universities if they had n't already moved on to secondary school in szeged , for example . 
  and with most hungarians around here now carrying hungarian passports in addition to their serbian ones , they 're leaving faster than ever . 
  i 'm sure some of the homogenous enclaves will be around for a while , but cities like subotica have long since become serb-majority cities . 
  i tend not to mind ; i like the language . 
  but it 's still possible to go your whole life living in vojvodina not learning a word of serbian . 
  it 's just a linguistic signifier . 
  i grew up in hungarian bacska and learned serbian as a second-language as i went to school . 
  to this day i do n't speak it perfectly . 
  i do feel an affiliation and an affection for vojvodina , sure . 
  but i 'm not separatist , and i 'm not a patriot of any sort -- and i 'm treated as a foreigner in both belgrade and budapest :d . i like the area . 
  quiet , calm , and full of culture . 
  i like living in the balkans for all the different groups of people , and vojvodina happens to be a particularly busy place for that . 
  why ? 
  it 's nothing special . 
  can you two just get a room already ? 
  do you have any evidence to support that last claim there ? 
  what 's keeping albania so young ? 
  i mean , are you even serious ? 
  did hannibal win the second carthaginian war just because he fucked rome at the battle of cannae ? 
  did the japanese win wwii after fucking america at pearl harbor ? 
  weird shit to say , brotha . 
  some men just want to watch the world burn . 
  everyone knows how yugoslavia went down in flames , but it 's generally worked out fine for slovenia and croatia . 
  you 'll find serbs very torn on the issue , but i 'll say one thing -- that the significance of the relationship between serbia and russia is far overstated . 
  fascinating . 
  i 'll have to * research * this ... 
  i heard it directly from the mouths of the lsa folks at bezdan , but other than that , no . 
  i live in senta . 
  most people here are raised monolingual in hungarian . 
  we learn some serbian in school along with english and another language ( french , spanish , german , latin , etc ... ) . 
  when it comes time to go to secondary school , half the kids go to hungary and basically forget serbian , the other half usually go to subotica or some place where they are more inclined to be exposed to serbian , but still probably just speak hungarian . 
  the other groups are less in their own little world . 
  the slovaks have to learn serbian . 
  they basically just have to . 
  and the rusyns * really * have to . 
  they 're much more integrated into serbian society than most hungarians . 
  personally i love living here . 
  i absolutely love all the languages floating around . 
  i had to put in a lot of effort to learn serbian , but i 'm not sure how inclined i am to learn slovak or romanian or rusyn or [ banat bulgarian ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/banat_bulgarian_dialect ) or albanian , or any of the romani languages floating around , but they 're certainly interesting . 
  ruski krstur is definitely worth the visit if you can get into their small rusyn museum . 
  i 'll call it shit 8 days a week . 
  i live right next door to their `` ambassador '' to serbia and i 've been to the liberland settlement association 's headquarters in bezdan . 
  everything i 've heard about it tells me that it 's a scam at best and something of a cult at worst . 
  the czech secret service apparently has frozen v\u00edt jedli\u010dka 's assets too for fraud . 
  this is just here-say though , so do n't quote me on that . 
  it 's all a joke . 
  if only serbia and croatia could do this with our stupid border dispute . 
  right now our border is having an epileptic seizure . 
  this is how shit like liberland comes about . 
  do you think iraqis and afghans should be granted asylum ? 
  not brazil ? 
  [ it 's just a prank , bro . 
  til georgia is middle-earth, 
   they 're magical i 've always wondered why hungary ( budapest ) was such a hit with tourists , but now i see . 
  they 've got magic mushrooms growing all over the city , man . 
  half of europe is missing . 
  if oyster mushrooms are normally edible , i think the proper title for this is `` inedible oyster mushroom growing on bus in budapest . '', 
  i 'm inclined to agree with u/woeskies actually . 
  you may be taught the rudiments of these languages , but a sami person absolutely has to speak a language other than sami . 
  their language is not large enough where they can afford to be monolingual . 
  in turkey this is not the case . 
  in a turkish city like diyarbakir you could easily get by being a monolingual kurmanji kurdish speaker . 
  and here in vojvodina my own brother-in-law does n't speak any serbian whatsoever , and he 's not an anomaly . 
  there are simply enough hungarians that you can get by being monolingual .
