damn , croatia totally burned slovenia with that dig on epic poetry -- oh ... [ wait a second ] ( https://i.imgur.com/6izpxhz.png ) ... but seriously , i 've never heard this ireland has no snakes thing before . 
  what is this ? 
  not to mention the world 's first secular republic ( the united states of america ) was established * before * the french revolution . 
  did n't georgia just get this ? 
  if not then georgia should , no doubt about it . 
  is this link broken for the rest of you ? 
  without even taking a side , it sounds like you completely misunderstood him . 
  he was n't talking about the majority of yugoslavia being against secession , he said `` a large part of bosnia [ was ] against secession '' . 
  that means the discrepancy is was in their ** domestic vote ** . 
  the republics leaving with the blessings of their populations is fine . 
  i 'm beginning to think this guy 's a troll . 
  he sounds like a parody . 
  perhaps i have too much faith in humanity . 
  and as far as regional elections are going there 's some drama among the hungarians . 
  the hungarian vote is split between two parties ( really one `` party '' and one organization taking part ) , one of which is founded by the former head of the first hungarian party . 
  it basically means the hungarian votes in vojvodina are going to get weaker with the parties fractured like this . 
  might be bad news down the line . 
   further develop the external border protection via the eu border registration system and by mandatorily taking biometric identification data from people crossing the external schengen border . 
  you 're talking about fingerprints here ? 
  i 'm not sure i want my fingerprints taken each time i go to hungary . 
  anyone else feeling a little funny about this part ? 
  this likely did n't happen . 
  the incident allegedly occurred about a week ago and relies on the shoddy evidence of an eyewitness in a forest . 
  this is published in ( according to my polish friend ) an unreliable newspaper . 
  what 's most suspicious is that in all this time there has been no reaction by the polish government . 
  i do n't know , i 'm not sure i believe this one . 
  it 's disappointing to see this subreddit all jumping to conclusions like this without the proper evidence . 
  i fucking knew i 'd see this somewhere, 
  this comment is just annoying . 
  everyone takes the point you 're making ( and this subreddit is pretty sympathetic to that ) , but just give the circlejerk a fucking rest . 
  they honestly would have been more inclined to say it about greek than latin . 
  i 've still heard christians tell me that greek was designed specifically by god to allow his `` word '' to be spread so far . 
  latin was always just the language of the catholic church , not the language of god or some shit . 
  seriously . 
  these are two different religions . 
  latin was central to catholicism for political reasons , not for religious ones . 
  the qur ` an is considered by muslims to be the literal word of allah ( an important distinction from the bible ) , and it was allegedly passed down to muhammad in arabic , not german . 
  muslims do not believe translating it retains its holiness , simple as that . 
  if people were rational enough to artificially modify their religion like that , they would n't be religious in the first place . 
  you 're not going to dislodge arabic from islam . 
  what problem could they possibly have with the treatment of croatians in serbia ? 
  seriously , accommodations at times verge on the ridiculous when serbian written in latinica has to be translated into croatian which is more often than not identical , here in vojvodina . 
  of course i do . 
  `` beyond the pale '' simply is n't one of them . 
  it originates in britain , sure . 
  as does shakespeare , chaucer , and the king james , all of which have lent the entire anglosphere idioms still in modern circulation . 
  considering this phrase was in common usage in the mid-1600 's ( according to wiktionary ) then it makes sense that this phrase would be as well diffused as is the rest of the everyday idioms from that period . 
  there 's a subjective element to all this sure , but people are trying to tell you that this is not some obscure modern britishism but something that ( despite however you 'd missed it in your lifetime ) a common phrase found everywhere in the english-speaking world . 
  i looked up the origin of `` achilles ' heel . '', 
  apparently it refers to some greek hero whose mother neglected to dip his heel in this so-called `` river styx . '', 
  i ca n't be expected to know about such nonsense in my dialect of english , can i ? 
  opium poppies are grown all over serbia and hungary . 
  if heroin is so commonly abused , why are we getting it from afghanistan instead of the balkans ? 
  i 'm not suggesting anything here , but it seems like poor economics is all . 
  i still remember the smell of the sofia train station . 
  saw [ this little post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/serbia/comments/4dytgg/12_amazing_places_in_serbia/ ) on r/serbia lately , hmm ? 
   i 'd recommend checking it out for more pictures like this . 
  thx yoda, 
  yeah i believe it . 
  most of his posts are shit like that . 
  normally i 'd think it 's funny , but we all believed it , 
  have you looked through his post history ? 
  i looked through this guy 's history . 
  something 's fishy here . 
  he has a kurdish flair yet his name is `` kamal '' and he frequently bashes kurds in his posts ( example : `` when a turk takes a shit a k * rd is born '' ) . 
  this is some weird kind of double bluff propaganda . 
  we 're supposed to think this kurd is misrepresenting turks , yet it 's really a turk misrepresenting a kurd misrepresenting turks . 
  who has time for this fucking shit ? 
  i know it 's fake . 
  i just meant `` what the fuck is this shit here for ? '', 
   who even hates turkey this much ? 
  football fans ? 
  edit : makes sense , op has a kurdistan flair . 
  what is this fake bullshit ? 
  some serbians are into joining the eu , but the majority do not want shitting nato basically . 
  they should n't have lumped them together . 
  i 'd presume azerbaijan , turkmenistan ( maybe not due to their fucked up government ) , uzbekistan , kazakhstan , kyrgyzstan , and unrecognized east turkestan . 
  besides that maybe bosnia or albania , idk . 
  it 's allahu ackbar *, 
  there was a giant-ass picture of fucking stalin hanging in the sofia train station last time i was there . 
  my taxi driver had hammer and sickle ornaments hanging from his mirror . 
  i 'm quite sure bulgaria 's still got some lingering commies . 
  it 's just the nostalgia , i suppose . 
  the nagorno-karabakh shit was just a few days ago too , but mention kosovo and i 'm sure they 'd remember quick . 
  i 'm not sure if he 's referencing all the uae citizens buying land in vojvodina . 
  that 's not much about investing though , that 's just wealthy desert people buying cheap land where it 's green . 
  this is a noticeable trend up north , not a few isolated cases . 
  those fuckers exist , but trust me -- that one 's sarcastic . 
  thanks a lot , i appreciate the info . 
  do you mind if i ask your position on what 's going on right now ? 
  are you `` rooting '' for a side , hoping for peace , or just cynically fed up with the shit ? 
  really ? 
  how much territory ? 
  out of curiosity , would you apply this sort of thinking to republika srpska ? 
  by whom to whom *, 
  it sounds like they 're not being charged with a crime nor sentenced to time in prison , but simply stripped of their rights as citizens . 
  you wo n't get me to defend islam , but this is clearly nonsense . 
  i 'll just leave this here . 
  [ hitchens on free speech ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jyoofrog1em ), 
  immigration policies are something else entirely .
