  and what would it even accomplish if they were violating existing hate-speech laws ? 
  would they not even be entitled to due process ? 
  agreed . 
  this place has gone to hell . 
  honest question : do you really think there 's no one here who 's for freedom of speech across the board who 's not a censor happy progressive in their free time ? 
  because i 'd rather not open this can of worms , nor have i ever called for limiting anyone else 's freedom of speech . 
  maybe my time in america has accustomed me to this sort of liberty , but speeches like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jyoofrog1em ) have little to do with double standards , do they ? 
  i wo n't have the western values i hold dear sacrificed by the hands of reactionary pussies . 
   by international laws this is simply forbidden , so what will happen instead is their passport is reclaimed by the authorities , and they are no longer allowed to leave the country to spread their filth . 
  this is also illegal by conventions of which denmark is a signatory . 
  the un sees the right to leave one 's country as basic . 
  you do n't like that , do n't sign it . 
  how are things with them now-a-days in armenia ? 
  it 's not like i do n't hate me some karad\u017ei\u0107 , but that 's not what the article says . 
  just read a bit more and you 'll see that the headline has very little to do with the article . 
  yeah dawg, 
  good riddance . 
  yes , dubrovnik is the right answer . 
  some of my favorites : sarajevo has been the most livable city i 've spent considerable time in . 
  there 's something about it . 
  it 's a special kind of place and the old city 's turkish architecture makes it feel like out of place in good way . 
  i recommend sarajevo before i recommend belgrade or budapest or anything else . 
  people there have lived through a lot and have a special disposition . 
  the lifestyle is relaxed and the scenery is fascinating . 
  mostar 's right around the corner too . 
  istanbul is obvious . 
  i lived there briefly and i miss the place . 
  if you can get away from the touristy side and see what life is really like there ( sitting in tea shops all day and eating on the floor with locals , using bread as your eating utensil ) then you 'll see what i mean . 
  subotica in vojvodina has a lot of style , but you 'll be bored if you do n't have business there . 
  there 's not much for tourists , but if you get the chance to pass through , it 's pretty gorgeous . 
  it 's probably the most beautiful city in serbia . 
  not my country , but if you 're in the balkans you 'd better go to bosnia . 
  sarajevo and mostar are two of my favorite cities . 
  odds are it 'll be cheap as hell by your standards . 
   trumptrumptrumptrump relevant username ? 
  but seriously , even if one 's on the other side of that debate and not anti-immigration , one has to come to terms with this byproduct of muslim immigrants . 
  islam is n't going to make your country better . 
  uhh ... which native americans ? 
  i appreciate what you were trying to convey , but american indians were n't a monolith and plenty of them had wars amongst themselves . 
  it 's such a bad fucking situation because the anger that man must have felt must have been intense . 
  he must have had a strong inclination to beat the shit out of that guy shoving him , but the second he does he 's got a mob of these idiots swarming on him . 
  he could 've been killed . 
  there 's no recourse . 
  damn shame the camera did n't get a good look at his face so his actions could have some social consequence . 
   ( that horrible flag with the crosses ) could you elaborate on this with me ? 
  i do n't know very much about this . 
  it is notable among slavic linguists as one of the most irregular slavic languages . 
  the amount of exceptions to `` rules '' is abnormally high for any language . 
  i do n't think you 're correct . 
  besides lexical similarities , macedonian is just as disparate from serbo-croatian as bulgarian . 
  they 're both on the eastern branch of the south-slavic language sub-family . 
  slovene and serbo-croatian are both on the western branch . 
  in theory slovenian should be more similar than macedonian to serbian and montenegrin . 
  plenty of slovenes ( particularly older ones ) have learned serbo-croatian . 
  slavoj \u017di\u017eek has done plenty of interviews in exceptionally eloquent croatian . 
  even if they 've never studied it however , the languages are somewhat mutually intelligible and communication is usually possible with a lot of hand-gestures . 
  i find it strange that you 're being downvoted . 
  you just explained the situation as is stands . 
  just because people disagree and think that it should n't be called macedonia ( whether or not you 're sympathetic to that ) does n't make what you said wrong nor improper nor rude , nor anything . 
  weird shit . 
  all the greek positions are upvoted but we do n't get to hear your views because you 're on the other side ? 
  oh how many serbs i 've met who speak the shittiest hungarian just to get that free eu passport . 
  majority of them used to call themselves bulgarians . 
  i 've had greeks call it `` skopje '' to me before . 
  i 'm talking about a geographic enclave like what [ guardia piemontese ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/guardia_piemontese ) is to the occitan language . 
  i 'm not talking about forums like what [textkit.com ] ( http://www.textkit.com/greek-latin-forum/viewforum.php?f=12 ) offers for latin and ancient greek . 
  i 'm talking about a * place * with actual * speakers * of the language . 
  without that , revitalization is n't really an option . 
  i ought to read about how hebrew managed it . 
  i suppose that makes sense , but i never found esperanto particularly attractive either . 
  some variants of american english have a lot of style , but the general american shit is very bland to me . 
  i see your point . 
  sorry , but this story sounds horrible . 
  is this korean ? 
  i 've heard north korean propaganda videos in english and they all talk this way . 
  :d i would assume koreans speaking mandarin would sound just as goofy to chinese people . 
  no , that 's not true . 
  latin changed immensely over time and i ca n't work my way through many medieval texts let alone renaissance latin or neo-latin . 
  even the latin of titus maccius plautus is not the same as the latin of vergil or livy . 
  and then from their latin there 's a new learning curve to get through something like the vulgate bible . 
  and from there the language is hardly the language of lorenzo valla , and valla 's latin is not newton 's latin , and so on . 
  granted , i 'm not a talented latinist . 
  i would agree that over 2000 years of use have changed the language very little comparatively . 
  there may be truth in what you say , but a fossilized language does not stay fossilized for long if it 's being used . 
  it 's often used on inscriptions and mottos of eu institutions for its non-national character and historical importance , but it does n't have any native speakers at the moment . 
  i 'm not sure people would put in the effort to learn a language without the modern cultural output of a language like english or french -- as much as i find the prospect exciting . 
  i think there needs to be some enclave of latin enthusiasts speaking the language exclusively before any revitalization would be possible . 
  most people just do n't have what it takes to teach themselves to speak a language from books and phonological charts . 
  they need to hear people speaking . 
  i mean , even if they 're reading , it helps to read about something more relatable than war campaigns against lost celtic tribes . 
  you and i can dream . 
  i 'm not sure i 'd support it as the new european lingua franca , but it 's fun to think about . 
  why would you support esperanto instead of english ( which already has the traction of nearly a billion speakers ) idealistically ? 
  sounds like an impressive immersion experiment . 
  can confirm , nobody spoke english when i traveled to the caucasus . 
  just their native tongues and russian . 
  latin ? 
  :d i study latin as a hobby and i would n't complain if its study was more widespread , but is it really important ? 
  i do n't even think i could ask for directions in latin , yet somehow i learn to read vergil . 
  it 's all about passive understanding instead of active use .
