  article 2 provides for a right to freely move within a country once lawfully there and for a right to leave any country . 
  article 3 prohibits the expulsion of nationals and provides for the right of an individual to enter a country of his or her nationality . 
  article 4 prohibits the collective expulsion of foreigners . 
  ( not original text , just summarized from wikipedia ) poland is not only obliged to follow the convention articles as an eu member , but they specifically and deliberately signed and ratified protocol 4 on their own accord . 
  [ signed on 14/09/1992 and ratified on 10/10/1994 ] ( https://www.coe.int/en/web/conventions/full-list/-/conventions/treaty/046/signatures?p_auth=xfgtjdzi ), 
   lol , serbs are still salty after getting curb stomped by usa . 
  i think it 's not just serbs , but serbian civilains ( which would constitute serbs , hungarians , and even bosniaks and albanians ) in general who resent being bombed for something they had no involvement in . 
  that hungarian enclaves in northern vojvodina were bombed ( where notions of serb homogeny and greater serbia are n't welcome ) obviously does n't sit well with hungarians , i 'm sure you could imagine . 
  civilians do n't like bombs raining down around them , who would 've thought ? 
  some of those `` quotes '' were too outrageous for a politician ever to be caught saying , and after searching for the source of the `` nazi-style concentration camp '' one i found nothing . 
  has anyone bothered to see if they 're legitimate ? 
  i wo n't say they 're not , just that i 've found almost nothing indicating they 're real . 
  you 're not allowed to deport your own citizens to other countries . 
  would it be fair if poland deported all its criminals to ukraine for no good reason than that they did n't want them in poland anymore ? 
  i 'm sure ukraine would n't be happy about that . 
  because europe is supposed to be civilized ? 
  and deport him to where ? 
  he 's born and raised british , like it or not . 
  arrest him on what charge ? 
  the uk is supposed to be a bastion of free speech in europe . 
  you have your own customs in germany and that 's fine , but i do n't want to see this attitude exported to the uk or us where it has no place . 
  on what legal grounds ? 
  why , because it 's something genetic in serbian blood that they want a piece of everyone else 's country ? 
  therefore they ca n't be trusted with a state of their own ? 
  you 're the only one talking about annexing as much territory to albania as you can . 
  can you really not see the problem with that ? 
  i 'm not going to comment on your weird nationalistic fantasies , but i do have something to say about vojvodina . 
  it 's populated mostly by serbs now-a-days . 
  even what was the former capital of hungarian culture in vojvodina , the city of szabadka ( subotica ) , is about 50-50 serbians and hungarians . 
  and besides the enclaves of non-hungarian , non-serb slovaks , rusyns , romanians , albanians , croatians , etc. , there 's only a hungarian majority in the northernmost towns . 
  the ship has sailed for vojvodina to rejoin hungary , demographically . 
  what i do support is increased ethnic autonomy in the region and a stronger identity for vojvodina as a multi-ethnic region . 
  it 's something i 'd be willing to take some pride in , that we 're a region of many nations . 
  i do n't understand what your objection to that would be but for an irrational hatred of serbs . 
   it was given to serbia ( around 2000 yers albanian ) very few modern states can claim continuity through millennia . 
  2,000 years ? 
  i 'm not as literate on albanian history as i should be , but i do n't think the history of albania is so ancient , is it ? 
  are there records of the nation from roman times ? 
  it may be presumed that the albanian language is descended from some illyrian language chronicled by some ancient at the time , but as far as i know there is no concrete evidence of some such connection . 
  what information do you have that i do n't ? 
  not yet . 
  you can follow it for yourself if you want . 
  so because macedonia is historically albanian you think it should be albanian ? 
  despite that 60 % of macedonia , as you admit , * is n't * albanian ? 
  again , is n't that the complete opposite argument you 'd put forth for kosovo ? 
  albanians have always lived in kosovo , usually comprising the majority , but since it 's historically `` serbian land '' , by your logic it should be serbia ? 
  i actually would be more inclined to let the inhabitants of a land decide their government than to strong-arm them . 
  i do n't mind kosovo 's independence at all , and i 've visited the country since 2008 . 
  but your hypocrisy on the macedonia-question makes you look like you 're just a greedy irredentist , do n't you think ? 
  if albanians are n't the majority , why would macedonia join albania ? 
  am i understanding you correctly ? 
  it 's difficult to read your english . 
  i 'd prefer if i were misinterpreting you , honestly . 
  i 've travelled around kosovo a lot and typically minority rights respected * except * for the gorani . 
  i do n't know why but they really do n't get the same respect as the other groups . 
  the government either lumps them in with the bosniaks or just flatly considers them albanians . 
  they do have their seat in parliament , but that 's only after their gorani-only municipality was dissolved and they were swallowed up into albanian-majority draga\u0161 . 
  anyway , besides that kosovo usually treats its minorities well to their credit . 
  it 's been 14 years since the last census and macedonian albanians typically have more children than macedonian slavs , sure . 
  i could see the albanian population comprising much more than 25 % by now . 
  but his entire comment as a single package is just a pile of retardation , do n't you agree ? 
  macedonia is not serbia and has nothing to do with serbia . 
  i 'm not even a serb and i do n't give a shit about kosovo , but it annoyed me enough to reply . 
  edit : so what 's wrong with my post then ? 
  why am i downvoted like hell when i 've got no nationalist stake in this debate ? 
   can you give me some facts why it is serbian it 's not serbian . 
  macedonians are the largest ethnic group . 
  albanians constitute a huge minority . 
  then there are small pockets of other groups like gorani and serbs , etc. .  and dont tell me that bullshit that albanians migrated to mecedonia also ( after doing the same to kosovo , serbia , greec , montenegro , ) , just look at tetovo more than 85 % is albanian this is all very incoherent , but according to the 2002 census the country is 64.2 % macedonian and 25.2 % albanian . 
  i do n't care about the history ; that 's who lives there now . 
  if albanians are a minority in this country , why on earth would you say it 's albanian land ? 
  ( edit : re-reading your post i realize you might not have actually meant that it 's rightfully albanian land . 
  but then i would n't understand you mentioning the albanian minority in the first place ) would n't that be the opposite logic you 'd use in the case of kosovo ? 
  i do n't give a shit about albanian minorities , by the way . 
  i do n't mind them at all . 
  why are you being so accusatory ? 
  what 's your problem ? 
  i have n't downplayed their existence , nor am i defensive about it because i 'm not a macedonian . 
  your weird insistence on this being all about serbs is what 's even motivated me to reply to you . 
  serbs have their own country , why are they worried about macedonia in your opinion ? 
   do n't let serbs lie  can you give me some facts why it is serbian i hope you 're trolling , really . 
  good idea . 
  i did that . 
  attila 's not the only hunnic name you can find in the language . 
  apparently `` r\u00e9ka '' ( a fairly common name ) was one of attila 's wives . 
  obviously hungarians are not descended from huns , but that whole we-are-attila 's - descendents-revisionism has affected the culture a lot . 
  where to begin with such stupidity ... 
  what an ignorant thing to say . 
  the majority of serbs do n't give a shit . 
  this is why macedonia was able to break free peacefully -- few people felt as though a serb population was being sequestered away against their will . 
  it 's true that according to that retard \u0160e\u0161elj that macedonia is serbia , but aside from some retard extremists ( the type that 's present in every country including yours ) nobody believes him . 
  macedonians have their own language and certainly their own identity . 
  most of the `` serbs '' in macedonia typically speak a barely intelligible `` torlakian dialect '' anyway , which you may either consider a dialect of serbian , bulgarian , or macedonian depending on whom you talk to . 
  they 're not as similar as serbs in republika srpska for example . 
  do you have more information on that exodus ? 
  i 'd like to read into its historicity myself before i believe either you or u/white _ seven outright . 
  you 're making a lot of assumptions there buddy . 
  i think you need to calm yourself down . 
  this seems excessively tribalistic . 
  i 'm irrationally annoyed that you did n't read the article .
