that 's an article by a separate contributor , as many on forbes are . 
  imo situation could n't be helped since the start . 
  crimea was sovetisized ( read - russians relocated there and locals eliminated one way or another ) decades ago , today most of these people are russians ; they were effectively bombarded with russian tv for decades too . 
  the minorities were diluted into all that and watch the tv too . 
  the minority who had an opinion probably fears sharing it now , but it does n't matter , they are minority . 
  overall , as the article states , nothing has changed . 
  i remember well how crimeans were saying life will be better under russian rule , and now things are relatively the same , nobody remembers russia 's promises . 
  the country just bought itself easy military access to the black sea with the help of gullible people . 
  how is the greek government helping the unemployed ? 
  in bulgaria there 's a six months period in which the gov. 
  is giving the minimum wage while you seek for a job ( 70 $ a month to be precise , which is ridiculous i agree , but is still something ) . 
  i just got lectured about how capitalism at its current form and germany in particular are responsible for greece 's situation , so i 'm confused to read that from a greek . 
   the approach has been supported by a report by the national coordinator against violent extremism . 
   author of the report , christoffer carlsson , said that a person who wants to leave extremist environments often need support to be able to do it . 
   mr carlsson said : `` it 's a straight social , economic and material question . 
  you need to be able to reintegrate into the job market , you may need to have a driving license , debt settlement and a roof over your head . 
   mr carlsson also said was a huge possibility they would not be able to leave the extremist organisations if they did to receive support . 
   he added : `` [ without support ] they might make an attempt and fail because they have nothing to keep them out and there is always something to return to , namely the organisation they left . ''  other councils in sweden have also debated if they should take the same approach to reintegrate returning jihadi fighters . '', 
  imperial capitalism ruined print prices , it was so much cheaper back then !, 
  i do n't really get it , it 's pretty fair for the rest of the continent to be pissed and offended . 
  you did vote out , so where 's that european spirit and why should the rest include you there ? 
  most brits i know are really nice , but they can easily offend me anytime they start a discussion about immigration , and they do n't even notice it . 
  nope , not really . 
  bulgarians from the seaside ca n't really comprehend the idea of making a good product , regarding tourism . 
  they ca n't understand how selling good services plus a beautiful landscape and archeological landmarks creates more profit , cause then you 'll have to take care of the land and not overbuild it with shitty hotels . 
  greeks kept their nature and their history , so they actually make a profit , and they also gather better kind of tourists - from all around europe , including bulgarians . 
  on the contrary , bulgarians ruined their seaside , most popular in the past places are now completely ruined with loads of semi-legal buildings and ruined landscape . 
  mainly russians come here simply because they do n't know better . 
  and russian middle class is the worst kind of tourists - they 'd buy large amounts of alcohol and drink at home rather than spend at restaurants . 
  you mean , if we actually get any actual pieces of equipment russians claim they 've produced ? 
  the story i know is , she was granted more juridical powers ( or however it 's called ) by one politician in order for him to annihilate his opponent , but she did n't stop with the opponent , but started going after every other corrupt politician . 
  there 's definitely a mythical sort of fame that 's surrounding her here , thanks to some recent events ( bulgarians clearly realizing mafia = government and the court is practically absolutely in the hands of the mafia ; people trying to do something about it , etc. 
  ) . i guess i 'll have to read a bit about romanian politics with what redditors say in mind . . 
  well i guess same as everywhere else , corruption prevails . 
  monica macovey is probably one of the people you 're talking about , at least she seems determined to jail actual politicians . 
  btw she has almost a status of a celebrity here , there are lots of publications about her and she 's visited a few times the country , invited by local non-governmental organizations . 
  i really hope she 's effective , since that 'll be a proof her methods work . 
  all politicians are like that , but i hear your juridical system is fairing pretty well recently . 
  media here is full of examples of jailed corrupt politicians . 
  so there 's hope ... 
  ban something and watch it come in fashion again better than in the wildest dreams of tobacco companies . 
  however just a simple decision like banning smoking indoors has effectively decreased number of smokers in all europe . 
  he was interviewed in a secret location , the man is a walking target by now . 
  it 's probably the guy that was mentioned in the other comment . 
  such a brave journalist . 
  i remember watching a video with this italian journalist who was writing a book about the mafia and was walking everywhere with security , because he was receiving death threats all the time . 
  ca n't find him right now , but i remember he was saying some interesting things about the connections between bulgarian and italian mafias and how huge amounts of drugs travel through our country to get to the rest of the continent with the participation of italian mafia . 
  so yeah , we are definitely connected :d, 
  as a bulgarian - you gave it a name , we made a country out of it , 
  classical case of post-communist politics - the guy is learning from the best ( that is , his friend vladimir ) . 
  best thing about this strategy ( talk whatever you want despite truth or your own previous statements ) is that the people still praise you and go out in rallies to support you . 
  they just do n't want to be arrested . 
  but they trade with the eu . 
  so they have to have agreements for trade , but this time , as outsiders . 
  read it in my mind with his voice , of course . 
  which is awkward , bulgarians are white skinned and i 've seen so many colour skinned people in the cleaning services sites for example , i mean racists supposedly judge by the skin colour and most low level workers are not bulgarians . 
  if they 're gypsy though , that 's another story . 
  it 's ridiculous to make people guilty about things that some people with the same skin colour did 200 years ago . 
  in this case , common knowledge is when there 's enough documented cases of historical events to conclude certain things did happen . 
  the thing with communist governments and other similar regimes they 're often brainwashing citizens into believing , as we call it , that `` black is white '' and vice versa . 
  even though there 's internet today , there 's historians and books , there are people who still believe certain `` blacks '' are white . 
  there 's no `` different view '' about journalism . 
  journalists seek for the truth about actual events , not a political stance . 
  that being said , there 's no real journalism left in russia , even though the country had some great people in this field , and some of them ( anna politkovskaya ) died because of their professionalism . 
  well they do interfere . 
  every time there 's elections the trolls become more active , including this year - i know it for a fact because i have friends monitoring them . 
  now those trolls may be bsp funded or dps funded , but the money paid to small companies to troll is ultimately russian . 
  let me guess - those tv channels are well-funded at all times . 
  should this article be a little longer bulgaria is the next country to be mentioned . 
  many . 
  russian-sponsored parties . 
  yay , great to read you 've liked it . 
  thank you for the wishes . 
  one advice - try to visit the seaside outside of season , or at least - near the beginning or near the end . 
  august-september is full of tourists , especially russians , and it 's too crowded . 
  well , the topic about the 500 year rule of the ottoman empire is controversial on its own , as bulgarians are taught in school that we were in a slavery , while it was more of a. . . well , we were ruled and oppressed , but not to the extent of being slaves . 
  this argument is already bringing tension to any conversation about turks . 
  that aside , yes , turkey * is * trying to influence politics here . 
  there are around 500,000 people of turkish origin in bulgaria , especially in the southern regions . 
  there 's this party , dps , that was playing the ethnicity card for decades , and had strong influence on those regions ( they also bought , literally , gipsy votes , so they always had strong presence in the south ) . 
  however now things are changed , as dps is also , quite obvious , russia-sponsored , and especially since the russia-turkey drama a few years ago , it was n't convenient to be both russia and turkey friendly . 
  so dps split and dost was born , which is the party these nazi ppl are protesting against . 
  dost is indeed pretty turkey-oriented , as the article stated , scandalously so . 
  on the other hand , the nationalistic parties are a bunch of scum , to put it lightly , and are basically working the chauvinist card - every problem in the country is n't a result of corruption , but rather because of an outside enemy - turks , jews , etc. 
  all these parties , they are a few , are backed by russia by the way , without an exception . 
  so it 's like , we 're split between the two influencing countries . 
  anyway , sorry to write this wall of text , it is n't really interesting , but my point is - turkey has been influencing for years , but till now things were pretty calm . 
  however now it 's starting to get pretty dangerous , imo . 
  erdogan , being an extremely power hungry person , is absolutely unpredictable and obviously capable of attacking , and judging by what happened in ukraine , i do n't think anyone will help bulgaria if he decides to snatch a chunk of the country tomorrow . 
  even the fact that we 're both nato members wo n't stop him that much , and also i 've read that bulgaria , not being in the schengen area , is overall in worse position . 
  they have close ties with america for decades . 
  it 's something different there . 
  well , did n't think about that , i would assume colonialism brought a lot of foreigners in western countries , but i guess those on the north did n't see much of that . 
  on the other hand , multiculturalism in my region was mainly because the rule of the ottoman empire , which for example ruled bulgaria for half a millennium ( it was n't exactly slavery , but the moment someine wanted out , they were punished pretty severely ) . 
  so muslims mainly and not many other ethnicities . 
  i think that 's precisely what they 're running from . 
  sporadic terrorist attacks is one thing , but having a growing threat of far right movements ' rising is something far worse , because it 's there to stay . 
  great idea , i hope some of his minions are reading this thread and taking notes . 
  rise of nationalistic movements is always a sign for a decay in society derived from socio-economic changes that have produced poorer , angrier people . 
  in normal circumstances everyone minds their own business and is friendly to each other ...
