  exactly . 
  and to be fair , european cities have gathered multi cultural neighborhoods for years , like the turks working in germany for decades . 
  the refugees are n't actually that many to seem intimidating , visually , judging from my city and what i 've read . 
  and again judging from my city , jewish , muslim and chinese ( edit : and christians actually - sofia city centre has a mosque , a church , a synagogue and a catholic church all 100-200 meters apart ) people have no problem living together in the same area . 
  the problem only comes when some far right moron decides to scare away minorities . 
  values do n't have to be invented to be believed in . 
  and once there 's something invented , the country is n't bound to stay there forever . 
  societies evolve . 
  people would even argue that , while americans did invent `` the land of the free '' , europe is far better place to live at because the excessive freedom and lack of social system on the other side of the ocean eventually created a less happy society and gave a cart blanche for corporations to thrive . 
  things in europe have worked out better , which made locals evolve . 
  i honestly do n't see much difference between america 's `` imperialism '' and russia , and imo europeans should feel generally the same . 
  even without trump 's inauguration 's links to russia . 
  as for the values , hopefully there 's enough of a community here to invent its own signature values , otherwise we 're doomed to fall apart . 
  there are people in bulgaria who have this weird nostalgia about communism and a particularly retarded portion of them wishes death ( work ) camps would be reinstalled because yeah , that will show all people i dislike !, 
  it 's ridiculous to think an oppressive regime will crush all your opponents while sparing all people dear to you . 
  the spirits map is basically a russia influence map - wherever russians were staying longer , thus we 're able to teach locals about the wonders of hard alcohol . 
  um , i would imagine if i ever enter a sauna over 60c my brain would be fried immediately . 
  they * feel * like an empire and their economy is functioning well , i do n't see why would they start realizing anything at all . 
  after all they still have good relations with the us in terms of business , and many eu companies are still forced to adapt . 
  ... as europe will no longer exist and there would be a huge , two-continental russia in its place right ? 
  i researched this a few hours ago after a friend and a mom shared on facebook a rather hysterical post from one of the victims ' mother blaming islamic terrorists , refugees and merkel for the rampage . 
  it 's pretty crazy as it 's just a few clicks away to find out the guy is schizophrenic kosovan . 
  and a 13 y/o girl . 
  my friend has been bombarding me with conspiracy theories about usa and russia working together , it 's been difficult to argue these days . 
  not news , a poster in our sub was telling about the same thing . 
  tens of thousands of comments daily , only a few sources ( actual people ) . 
  btw this submission was removed , i wonder where to post it . 
  the mountains are fine , although you need a car to get there , preferable during weekdays ( less people ) . 
  you actually ca n't cycle on this particular street ( pedestrians only ) as of last year due to some stupid regulations . 
  boo , sofia is great . 
  after all these years i 'm still in love with the city . 
  even shitty governors , lack of cleaning , shitty citizens and sprinkling salt and chemicals all year ca n't ruin it !, 
  welp , there 's a difference between east and west regarding europe , and now that i think of , the west is n't immune to ridiculous politicians too ( le pen , boris johnson ... ) . 
  oh no , actually no . 
  at least eastern europe is full of ridiculous politicians , and erdogan is almost there too . 
   i can give you some examples if you like , about the majoirty of the people 's intolerance sure , go ahead . 
  it 's rather concerning , the events there , after all that 's regressing democracy , basically . 
  i just read an nice article on the bbc site about margherita and marinara - the author was telling the story of an italian pizza maker who got offended by the former asking for marinara with cheese . 
  because '' * there 's no such thing * '' . 
  marinara is with no cheese , so marinara with cheese is no longer marinara . 
  but there 's no such thing as margherita with garlic either ( like marinara ) , cause it 's no longer margherita . 
  so i guess there 's a name for pizza with mozzarella and chicken , it 's just not margherita with extra topping . 
  i think i 've tried it when i was little , but grownup me will most likely not like it . 
  marinara is like margherita , but , wait for it , without the mozzarella part . 
  it 's sounds weird for everyone familiar with the word pizza , but it 's actually pretty good . 
  it 's with dough , teaspoon of olive oil in it , garlic , oregano and the tomato sauce . 
  you get a thin crusty layer of dough covered in thick tasty sauce with garlic and oregano . 
  yep , read some askreddit right after the election and got the impression the guy have prepared for over 10 years to run for president . 
  but he 's yet to seize control the way putin and erdogan did . 
  nah , i mean he 's an evil villain who 's worked for years to achieve the level of control he has now . 
  it did n't happen overnight and required a lot of effort on his part . 
  btw i am building up the courage to ask some of my turkish friends how come did n't they realise where things were going , sure there were signs for that beforehand ... now they have a democracy with a dictatorship on top of it . 
  one of my favoute , definitely . 
  ew , get out of here , this should be banned asap along with the pineapples !, 
  seriously though , that was a good response . 
  kinda makes you happy to think it 's not that easy for everyone out there to get ahold of a whole country 's laws and rules ( unless of course you 're someone as erdogan and putin and you 've worked hard for that ) . 
  ( edit : to stir things up , i actually love and eat only two types of pizza , margarita and marinara . 
  i can not remember a single time when i 've eaten meat on pizza , let alone sea creature on pizza . 
  so for all of you giving wonderful ideas about pizzas , you 're replying to * that * type of person . 
  ( jokes aside , i got that thing about iceland and seafood ) . 
  ... but the richest 1 % is way more wealthier than the rest , and the middle class in sweden has a better standard of living than the other middle class . 
  my friend is living in sweden and he described the amazing heating systems many houses there have . 
  swedes seem to have figured it out about heating . 
  i was going to say bulgarian 's one was perfect although if you got with it to / r/bulgaria people would have conducted a civil conversation proving you wrong . 
  redditing bulgarians seem pretty chill . 
  v. 1 - apparently the guy who made this is taking notes from the comment section . 
  i 'm wondering how will finland sound . 
  oh my god you guys . 
  here in sofia it 's a little less bad judging by the pictures , although it 's still pretty hard to breathe for the last month ( minus past two days when it rained ) . 
  municipality still treats the problem as nonexistent and people are finally starting to get upset . 
  i just read an article in one of the pro-gov papers stating the pollution is n't that much of a big deal , okay it is a problem but it has been for years so why complain now , also everyone who protests pollution is paid by lobbyist companies and so on . 
  fuck that author . 
  ah i get that . 
  it 's actually weird he even talks about things being legal given that premise , but oh well . 
  i just hope the romanians have a change in the political climate , they deserve it . 
  i do n't really see that weakness , care to explain ? 
  unfortunately in our region it never happens like this . 
  worst case scenario for the government , they resign , wait a little and get re-elected . 
  they just keep hoping the protest is too small and will die on its own . 
  this is the former communist party , they never get what they deserve , they are never lynch . 
  it 's a special political class of people , their grandfathers were the one to lynch . 
   the government indirectly pays football hooligans to cause a bit of trouble at protests - as an excuse for the police to start beating people up . 
  dude i was wondering if i have to say that . 
  it 's very possible , classical post-communist government trick to ruin protests . 
  ( edit : nvm , they 're already proven to be paid ), 
  i do n't know , i read some other comments and i get the impression they are n't that bad . 
  but they may have a typical problem just as our parties here - not wanting to be idiotically populist to win the stupidest of voters ( which is , like , 60 % of the population ) . 
  well , if the changes do take a significant effect all at once i guess it 'll be justified for u.s. voters to go out on the streets . 
  nice username btw . 
  that 's interesting , why do you think they did n't get more votes ? 
  if they got only 9 % i imagine they do n't have memorable leaders or good media coverage ? 
  we have a similar relatively new party that looked good at first glance and got very little turnout . 
  their issues were clear - mainly , they clearly could n't connect with ordinary people as the main parties do - they just did n't want to go in smaller cities and villages and talk to the people there . 
  clearly an issue with pr and basic politics , this party did n't and still do n't want to connect with less educated people . 
  you guys are pretty friendly countries , very similar to each other and with similar languages . 
  it 's not the same with other countries . 
  romanians * just * have to decide on some reforms and get more funds for building , organising and hiring staff . 
  of course , corrupt politicians are n't interested in that , but to profit from the situation . 
  it 's not that similar . 
  it 's pretty tough when you do n't have a decent choice in the elections , but then the first thing the newly elected party does is something outrageously corrupt , like trying to backward years of anti-corruption work .
