  when i was home last time it was just after the water damage had happened in the store and the number of anti-social people hanging out on the entrances was unreal . 
  nah the chinese are grand lads . 
  so you would propose using 5 billion of the big three 's collective aid budgets . 
  well its a lot better than any of the other solutions i 've heard of . 
  you have to bear in mind though that the actual cost would be more than the projected cost . 
  under the quota budget it works out at # 2500 per refugee . 
  that really is n't going to cut it for anything but the most basic of needs . 
  its still a lot better than some people who seem to think we should just let them in and have free movement . 
  my problem is that we do not have one set in stone policy for the eu to adhere to . 
  money is being wasted . 
  who are you to say what i know about anything ? 
  kind of hypocritical considering you provide no sources for any of your claims other than wikipedia for asian american demographics . 
  ( lets not go there ) i did n't bring up asians into the conversation . 
  the person i responded to did . 
  i never gave a number on how many asians ( lets just cut to the chase and say chinese ) immigrated to the usa in the 19th century . 
  however if it warranted mocking illustrations in a popular magazine , it is safe to say that there was significant immigration . 
  as i said the affordability of air travel and the opening of routes led to the increase in asian immigration from the 70s onwards . 
  same as with every other group of people . 
  the figures you have provided would correlate with advent of jet air travel for the masses . 
  have you anything relevant to contribute regard the discussion we are having about european immigration crisis or are we just going to have to go back and forth about asian demographics in the usa . 
  sorry you are confusing correcting me with actual facts with giving me your opinion . 
  the vast majority of asians may have come in the last 30 to 40 years but that is to be expected since air travel has made travelling the distance easier . 
  its still does n't mean anything with regard to what we were talking about . 
  asians have been present in significant numbers in the usa for centuries . 
  i do n't exactly get what point you are making . 
  our economy in the eu does n't need low skilled and uneducated immigrants . 
  we have plenty of people within the union to fill those posts currently . 
  those with left leaning perspectives seem to think we should feel sorry for illegals try to get into europe because europeans emigrated to the usa and canada over the last couple of centuries . 
  its the same in ireland . 
  we have many immigrants from eastern europe living there but in terms of unemployment they only make a small percentage of the live register . 
  african immigrants take up the highest percentage proportionally to unemployment. ,, 
  why would tunisia want to participate in such a scheme ? 
  here 's the thing ... how about we actually get our eu border agency to do its job and police our borders . 
  drone technology is very well established at this point . 
  why not have a network of drones patrol our med borders and intercept smugglers as the leave libyan territory . 
  force them to turn around . 
  we need to make people realise its not worth it making the journey . 
  they need to stay in their own nations and fight to make them better . 
  oh boo who ... some paddies had a tough time in a foreign land and some people said mean things about them in publications they most likely could n't read anyway . 
  the irish , chinese and many other nationalities did well for themselves in america , many even better than those who chose to remain in their homelands . 
  asian families have a higher average net household income in the us than the often portrayed as `` privileged '' white family . 
  so its not the sob story you want it to be . 
  immigrants who went to america earned their place in that society through hard work and suffering . 
  they did not expect everything on a plate for them . 
  the economically motivated illegals trying to make it europe are trying to get here for social benefits . 
  if you are a genuine refugee you are supposed to claim asylum at the first port of call ... why then do you see thousands skipping all the way through europe to calais trying to illegally gain entry to the uk for their superior welfare system . 
  at the end of the day you 're giving anecdotal examples from publications in a different time . 
  you tell me why these days we should let in a goat herder from afghanistan , who will have trouble assimilating , and get them a job in a supermarket instead of a young , unemployed european ? 
  it does n't make sense . 
  i am so sick and tired of this argument . 
  the major difference there was that the usa and canada wanted people to come in and contribute to building their nation . 
  the men did n't enter as refugees , they had no welfare entitlements , they worked unsafe and low paying jobs . 
  we do n't need unskilled , low educated migrants in europe at the moment . 
  especially with youth unemployment being what it is currently . 
  its so stupid to compare 19th century america with 21st century europe . 
  you insult your ancestors by comparing what these illegals want compared to what european men did when in america . 
  i 'd suggest that those who take the daily mail seriously are the sort that do n't really actually bother to become politically active . 
  besides the guardian pretty much so is the lefts equivalent . 
  not many proper journalists working there , more opinion pieces from commentators than anything else , the readers tend to pat each other on the back over how progressive they are , they circlejerk over the dumb right wing nutjobs and it is essentially the origin of slacktivism . 
  it is projected to cost $ 50m to provide for 20,000 refugees over two years under the soon to be implemented quota system . 
  so do you want me to work out the figure that will result in letting 2 million claim refuge ? 
  i would love to know how we would pay for it . 
  also i do n't think 2 million is that outrageous a figure to suggest . 
  nearly 200k illegals that we know of made it into europe last year . 
  this year is looking like there will be vastly more . 
  couple that with the eu policy of basically meeting the smugglers half way and ferrying the illegals into our territory ... we have a very big problem on our hands . 
  would you support the use of eu troops in africa ? 
  perhaps we should take the reigns in these failed nations and bring them up to an acceptable standard . 
  both sides have their own agendas . 
  left does not equal `` good side '' any more than right equals `` evil ' besides you could pick a better publication than the daily mail to represent the right leaning point of view but then again that plays into your own left leaning agenda . 
  very well said . 
  fair enough . 
  left wing media is no better . 
  our hypothetical debate on reddit is not going to decide refugee policy for the eu but fair enough if you do n't want to entertain the discussion . 
  the more liberal and left leaning publications such as the guardian in the uk or the journal in ireland would very much so play off on the vulnerable women and children angle . 
  the independent is quite bad for it too . 
  now they never state that it is only women and children making the journey but they absolutely focus on them above all others . 
  which would give a person who does n't follow current affairs the impression that it 's mostly what would be in considered `` traditionally '' vulnerable people trying to get here . 
  well i am asking for your opinion on how eu policy regarding this should be shaped . 
  if for example two million genuine people fleeing war applied for refugee status , should we take them all in ? 
  how many genuine refugees do you let in though ? 
  when does it become too many ? 
  how do you qualify a refugee ? 
  these people come from societies with a lower standard of living across the board . 
  depending on your perspective they all could be considered refugees . 
  there is a quota system in the works of 20k illegals to be resettled across the eu . 
  you 'll find many articles on it if you get your head out of the sand and look . 
  also you speak as if all these illegals are refugees of war . 
  it 's turning out that many are simply would be economic migrants . 
  so under your logic i should have been able to claim refugee status in say , the us or australia because my country had gone to shit in the economic crisis . 
  pull the other one . 
  yeah , i really do not get their logic on the issue . 
  it 's quite clear that the majority making the journey are economic illegals looking for a better life . 
  how can we justify letting them in when youth unemployment is so high and our welfare systems are so strained . 
  people like him are the reason we have no concrete policy on policing our border territories and protecting the med . 
  so you saw nothing about several crisis talks in brussels regarding this issue that ended in deciding on a quota for how many illegals the eu would allow in ? 
  odd . 
  i 'm not being rude here but unless you 're an australian living in europe , where are you forming your opinions and knowledge on this topic ? 
  eu leaders have met several times to discuss this crisis and have even given quotas for how many illegals should be taken in across the eu . 
  i have no problem at all with ensuring the safety of illegals at sea but we should be towing them back to their point of origin .
