i ca n't speak for the bias of the author of the article but economy is n't the main reason why people do n't want this many refugees in europe . 
  the elephant in the room is the inherent cultural incompatibilities and issues that have arisen over the decades of multicultural experiments in several eu nations . 
  the truth hurts . 
  because putin says things like `` we do n't need minorities in russia . 
  minorities need russia '' basically they wo n't cater to their demands . 
  you 'll get your rations , shelter and safety . 
  then you will when where ever you are from stabilises . 
  a proper asylum system in other words . 
  which makes it even more pathetic for us in ireland . 
  our politicians had to be good little dogs for their masters in the fatherland and take double to amount of refugees they were asked to take . 
  ireland is complicated to say the least . 
  the politicians in power want to be good little dogs to their eu masters so while we were asked to take in around 2150 of the syrian refugees , our government said they would take 4000 . 
  we did n't have to take any at all because of treaties we have with the eu . 
  so the situation is that in the republic of ireland there are about 40,000 muslims or 1 % of the population . 
  it is the fastest growing religion in the country . 
  however , most people seem to be very against the idea of islam gaining a strong foothold in ireland . 
  there are only a couple of muslim neighbourhoods in dublin , even then there is n't much trouble . 
  although of the most concerning things to me is that ireland is where the european hq for the muslim brotherhood is based . 
  we also have had a proportionately higher number of muslims leave to fight for isis . 
  an imam for one one of the main mosques in dublin has said that he has found a worrying increase in anti-western sentiment amongst young teenagers . 
  my main concern is that our military and police service are quite poor by european standards . 
  the only thing that has probably stopped anything happening in ireland is our policy of non-belligerence and the low muslim population . 
  the only real target in ireland is one of airports is used for refuelling by the us military but there have been reports that ireland would be considered a good staging and training point . 
   are your politicians ok with increasing muslim immigration ? 
  they do what the eu says on most issues but they are very afraid of public opinion around election time . 
  the biggest problem is that there are no conservative parties in ireland . 
  they are centrists or left wing but i think that will change with the upcoming election . 
  the economy is getting better though which means that there are great opportunities in the country opening up . 
  i am moving back home to dublin in november , so its not that bad at least !, 
   is it more controlled like north america ? 
  i think it will become much more controlled in the near future . 
  especially if the uk leaves the eu . 
  we may even get to vote on leaving the eu if that happens . 
   do you have muslim neighbourhoods ? 
  not too many , only about 2 in the capital city . 
  they are mostly evenly spread out around the country otherwise . 
   you 're not in the schengen area so you 're not supposed to let illegal immigrants through , right ? 
  we do n't have a very good border control but because of our geographic location it is very difficult to get here . 
  most illegal immigrants do n't know about irelands welfare system and want to get to uk , germany or sweden . 
  we do have very large polish and chinese immigrant communities but they are very well integrated . 
  all in all , i would say that ireland out of all the countries in western europe is the least impacted upon by the spread of islam . 
  the future of that is the hands of the electorate . 
  most of our problems are as a result of the economy being bad for the last couple of years but things will improve now that things are getting better . 
  really ? 
  i do n't know a single `` westerner '' that has a religious motivation behind wanting war with middle eastern islamic majority countries ? 
  aside from afghanistan and iraq which were motivated by revenge for 9/11 and various attacks in europe , i ca n't think of a time in living memory when westerners have wanted to go to war out of an emotional desire . 
  to be honest i am getting sick of it . 
  plenty of european countries have had small muslim populations where there has been relatively few issues . 
  in the last 15 years though the relations seem to have broken down . 
  i first moved to london nearly 11 years ago and in that time i have seen i have seen people change from immigrants who happened to be muslim to muslim immigrants or their 2nd gen children . 
  they 've gone from wanting to be british , adopting mannerisms etc etc to being downright ignorant and almost seeming like they are entitled to grow their own enclaves here . 
  i know this can be dismissed as anecdotal evidence but all the same i am technically an immigrant to london and have seen it change for the worse so much . 
  if you truly felt like a westerner you would n't react so quickly with a `` well you guys want to do it to them '' retort as if to justify it . 
  yes this is the way i feel . 
  my country has only just escaped the grip of religious oppression . 
  i do not particularly feel like embracing or enabling an even more conservative religion to take hold and bring all its baggage with it . 
  christianity is european issue . 
  islam should not be allowed become one also . 
  of course . 
  they would have to admit they were wrong to get involved in the first place . 
  that would n't happen . 
  it still means that the eu as a regional power is a pathetic , weak military power . 
  watching this crisis unfold is almost like watching what happened when the league of nations was the most ineffective organisation of its type on the planet . 
  a veto has never stopped any power from getting involved where ever the hell they want . 
  if the us did n't pull out of iraq so quickly we would n't have ended up with a power vacuum . 
  this mess is entirely down to western meddling . 
  at least russia has the resolve and balls to do something at the source of the problem . 
  unlike the pathetic eu . 
  exactly . 
  it was just another german scam to try obtain prime influence over europe . 
  the nazi mindset still has n't left the fatherland . 
  pity that it worked better this time than it did the last . 
  germany was terrified of greece leaving the eu and eurozone . 
  their little project would have been destroyed if we had not guaranteed european banking debts . 
  thankfully as a result anti-eu sentiment is at an all time high . 
  the union as it is known today will be finished in a couple of decades with so many countries seeing first-hand what germans want to do . 
  as i said if you want to ruin your country then fair enough but we are not going to be bullied by fascist german governments . 
  the british have always had the right idea . 
  we 've had enough of arbeit macht frei from merkel . 
  i do n't give a shit about them . 
  my country has enough to deal with propping up german banking debts . 
  if you want to take in thousands of them then so be it . 
  the german government should keep its nose out of other countries business . 
  we do n't have fertility problems like germans appear to have . 
  if you want them you can take them if you are oh so generous . 
  a lot of guilt leftover from the war your people caused . 
  germany can get fucked if it wants to meddle in the sovereign decisions of other nations . 
  bravo and well said . 
  the brits were only looking into scrapping their recognition of the echr a couple of weeks ago in favour of their own interpretation . 
  whats to stop the italians from doing the same ? 
  its really sad to see how the north side of the city has gone downhill . 
  hopefully the brighter economic forecast will help encourage the government and garda\u00ed clean up some of the main areas . 
  of course it is too much to expect them do anything that might prevent to problem long term . 
  yes , upon thinking and discussing with some other people earlier on i actually see where you were coming from with the idea . 
  if we can actually create a situation where we have a hand in creating stability in africa . 
  we stand to benefit through the links that will be created and also people will not want to leave africa if there is a stable , safe and growing african nation looking for them . 
  apologies if i came across as ignorant earlier on . 
  yes it does . 
  lol racism, 
  now that clery 's is gone for the time being on o'connell street , i shudder to think what the area will be like .
