  giving quotas to take in just gave the green light to km smugglers for guaranteed customers . 
  also in fairness i never did state it was the eu who made the decision . 
  i absolutely agree . 
  the eu is at fault here . 
  it also shows how member states simply can not work together and compromise on one long term policy for the situation . 
  which as it stands has been made worse because we 've essentially said to the smugglers `` tow the illegals out 30 miles and we 'll pick them up for you . 
  cheerio . '', 
  whoever made the decision to rescue all is still going to end up with a lot of blood on their hands and will be responsible for the rise of far right politicians and poorer cohesion between eu states . 
  nice work . 
  i 'm not commenting on the article . 
  i 'm joining the discussion on this thread on reddit . 
  i live in the uk so i mainly use british media outlets . 
  i have however seen lots of footage of the irish le eithne and british hms bulwark working together `` rescuing '' these people in the med . 
  every video i have seen shows vast numbers of young men compared to the women , children and elderly . 
  if you have statistics on the age and gender breakdown from this year , then please provide them . 
  i do n't mind admitting i am wrong on something if it turns out that i am . 
  yeah its a fucking disgrace the attitude of this scum . 
  also the most annoying this of all is the media making it out like its all elderly , women and children . 
  every fucking video and picture i 've seen is healthy , working aged men . 
  they can get fucked . 
  not so much a threat as an inconvenience . 
  if you really need what you 've quoted to be further explained then you i think you can safely assume how meant it . 
  although it is rather unusual to come across someone who is relatively articulate but espouses the kind of simpleton opinions that you have shown over the course of our harangue . 
  what i am enjoying most out of this is that you are portraying yourself as a moderate , man of the world who is benevolent and compassionate for those below his standing . 
  yet you too possess an ego which must be sated . 
  instead of brushing off my slight , you could n't help justifying and qualifying your existence to me . 
  wow , i do n't think i have come across an intellectual undereducated dimwit such as yourself in quite some time . 
  you say you are a former business person ( read as failed ) and more than likely you 've formed your stereotypical socialist opinions as a result of sour grapes . 
  i 'm sorry you could n't cut it and i 'm glad people like me can help you out in your time of need . 
  however i ca n't abide by your `` logic '' on these issues . 
  you simply think i should continue paying for the lifestyle of scum because they might rob my house otherwise ? 
  that is akin to being held for ransom . 
  i 'll take my chance redirecting their funds into policing and the prison service . 
  because you referred to immigrants in general being a positive influence on society and that they profit a nation . 
  i can agree that migration around the union is a good thing within most respects . 
  however i do n't see the advantage of allowing low skilled immigrants with an incompatible culture into our society . 
  certainly not in the numbers seen these days . 
  regarding your anti-business rant . 
  is it safe to say i could use google as an example ? 
  they manage to avoid paying much more tax but they have brought thousands of jobs , thereby creating taxpayers , and they also stimulate further growth in the native tech industry . 
  so yeah they get a good deal but they are n't scroungers . 
  i would love to see the scum who never want to work lose there dole payments and lighten the load on the taxpayer . 
  same can be said for single mothers of multiple children used for allowance and those who fraudulently cohabit . 
  its all a massive drain . 
  i personally have no desire to have children but i know many friends who would like more without relying on welfare to pick up the tab . 
  they do n't because they are responsible citizens . 
  you know very well that what scrounger is referring to . 
  i do n't mind giving people who struggle a leg up . 
  i do have a problem with paying for people who never have and never will work . 
  there are 35 thousand people on the dole in ireland over the age of 25 who have never worked a day in their life . 
  also stop it with the typical socialist diversionary tactic of moving the goal posts . 
  we were n't discussing eu immigrants . 
  i absolutely agree that in general , the polish for example , have been a great asset to the uk economy . 
  they work hard and they fit in well . 
  we are talking about non-eu immigrants from specific regions bringing their warped cultural practices and ideals with them . 
  if they adhere to their cultural and religious standards then they are at odds with the society that has been created in europe . 
  well actually you 're wrong on the fact that the working and middle class europeans are at fault for not `` fucking '' enough . 
  the fact of the matter is that they can not afford to have more children because of the inordinate amount in tax they pay to support both immigrants and social welfare scroungers . 
  both groups guilty of having large families . 
  secondly another issue with your theory is that it presumes integration . 
  as the years have gone on and ethnic communities have grown , there is less of desire and need to integrate into the host culture . 
  some people can actually get away with a very basic knowledge of their adoptive country 's language . 
  then you end up in a situation where they do n't change their culture of high reproduction ( which was always based upon child mortality rates and for `` retirement '' purposes in their native country '' ) and because they are getting paid for each child essentially , there is an incentive for them to reproduce . 
  meanwhile hard pressed working taxpayers are stretch to the limit and can only afford the two children that is the average . 
  do n't automatically dismiss something you disagree with as hysteria . 
  its clear that many people have an issue with immigration into the eu . 
  i do n't for a minute believe that all these people are irrational racists . 
  so instead of patronising and dismissing people , how about opening a respectful dialogue to see what the problems are , present the facts and come up with solutions . 
  well when you are specifically talking about freedom of speech then it would be correct to say its binary . 
  you can either say whatever you want or you have a set of parameters that you must stay within . 
  yes , very much so . 
  i hate the feel of euros . 
  they feel cheap and like they have no value to me . 
  punts on the other hand had that lovely money smell and feel about them . 
  not to mention the coins were pieces of art in their own right . 
  not to mention we could print our own money which would have given us more options during our economic crisis . 
  where were you when there was talk about kicking greece out of the union or currently when people are saying they 'll be glad if the uk leaves ? 
  those are serious problems . 
  ignoring them does n't make the eu better . 
  victory at all costs was the order of the day . 
  the allies , particularly the russians , stood up to the plate in that regard . 
  i hate this kind of respect people have for germany . 
  they lost because they were n't strong enough or smart enough to know when to push and when to retreat in battle . 
  they focused on high quality , low quantity manufacturing in comparison to the allies . 
  they could have but they did n't contribute . 
  its like the age old argument against abortion '' if you abort that baby , it could be the one that cures cancer '' . 
  yeah , sure that could be the case but it does n't matter once its done . 
  i know people are n't an infinite resource , just like bricks and mortar are n't an infinite resource . 
  that why its better to invade/attack the `` other '' city before you lose all your citizens . 
  you will never have a situation in the usa where you live in colorado and you can say well `` we '' are giving michigan financial assistance from our collective tax fund . 
  the usa government assists where it is needed . 
  in the eu , firstly at the start of the crisis , you have the germans discussing having two tiered eurozone , comprised of those who were performing well and those who were nicely named piigs . 
  the taoiseach here in ireland was even talking informally with david cameron about ditching the euro for the punt again and linking the sterling . 
  the very fact that other states look down upon greece is a prime example of how the eu is poisonous at its heart . 
  so the greek government at the time cooked the books to gain membership of the eu . 
  where is the responsibility on our side that we did n't maintain the checks ? 
  if we want to be one federalised super state then there should be no us and them segregation . 
  the union should absorb and deal with problems evenly . 
  what is the point in it otherwise ? 
  taking the emotion out of it and thinking in a rational way .
