  96 % of jaguar/land rover employees are based in the uk and paying tax in the uk . 
  probably similar figures for bentley and rolls royce . 
  i do n't care where the investment comes from , in fact it 's a good thing that investors outside the uk want to invest in our businesses . 
  more upheaval is a ridiculous response to your upheaval from the eu . 
  the snp is so butthurt about losing back-to-back referendums , they 're unbearable . 
  i guess we 'll find out in 30 years if the next generation of scots wants to have another `` once in a generation vote '' to leave the uk . 
  btw , one reason the brexit result in scotland was so skewed is because many scottish unionists will have wanted to leave the eu , but voted to remain anyway to prevent the scottish nazi party having an excuse to call for another referendum . 
  do you think germany is the only country making luxury cars and the only alternative is affordable japanese cars ? 
  try to be realistic . 
  with a basic grasp of consumer choice , you should be able to realise if bmws get 10 % more expensive , fewer people will choose to buy them . 
  many of their potential customers will opt to buy british made cars like range rovers and aston martins instead as they will become relatively better value even if their price remains the same . 
  is or not , they have all turned out to be third world immigrants . 
  lets see how eastern european countries take the news that if they want to be part of the common market , they have to accept muslim quotas every time germany invites millions of third worlders to illegally enter europe . 
  by being a member of schengen , germany effectively shares a border with ukraine , belarus , serbia and russia . 
  it also shares a southern sea border where the mediterranean countries have demonstrated they 're incapable of preventing thousands of boats from entering from africa and the middle east . 
  a 16-year-old afghan according to the bbc . 
   that 's what the eu is for since when ? 
  i did n't agree to distribute islamic terrorists , you can deal with that mess yourselves . 
  if it was personally motivated i doubt he would have attacked 2 other people as well . 
  germany already has strict gun laws , the problem is that other countries in schengen do n't . 
  germany needs to call for tighter border laws . 
  why would anyone need to carry a knife around ? 
  the uk is not the australian outback , life here mainly involves drinking tea and complaining about the eu , neither of which requires a knife . 
  someone at some point must have obtained it legally , it was not a home made gun . 
  it 's already priced into the market as soon as it became highly probable that it would be invoked . 
  what 's the average iq in afghanistan ? 
  yes , remainians think it 's not real because it should be converted to a foreign currency for some reason . 
  you 'll not find a single legitimate financial news source quoting it in a foreign currency . 
  do you think european countries will continue to tolerate germany 's role in european politics ? 
  insisting on muslim quotas despite the increasing amount of terrorist attacks ? 
  insisting on a single currency despite 25 % unemployment in the mediterranean ? 
  the nordic countries will leave the eu soon and in 10 years it 'll be germany and the islamic republic of france paying for bail outs in all the poor countries until the whole thing collapses . 
  britain 's influence on eu decision making was close to zero anyway . 
  outside the eu britain will be the sole influence over the laws that affect it and the eu can continue doing whatever it wants , being a massive failure probably . 
  you ca n't really compare germany 's current account balance to that of the whole eu , since the eu 's current account balance must be a balance against all non-eu countries , while germany 's current account balance must be a balance against every country on earth . 
  have fun picking up the bill yourselves . 
  $ 150 billion is about $ 450 each for every man , woman and child in the eurozone . 
  and the way the eurozone is going , this will likely become an annual occurrence . 
  that was worst case scenario scaremongering by the remain camp before the referendum . 
  let 's wait and see what happens , i 'll gladly have some short-term uncertainty to be shot of the eu . 
  i think in the long-term it 'll be a good decision . 
  there are no units to the ftse index value . 
  it is calculated by measuring the total market value in gbp and dividing it by an index divisor in gbp with some extra weightings . 
  therefore the gbp is cancelled out . 
  if you want to convert gbp to eur then you would have to convert both the market value and the divisor , which again would cancel out . 
  so mathematically it is not correct to present share indices in terms of different currencies . 
  the ftse 100 is not listed for convenience , it 's listed because this is a list of the major indices and the ftse 100 is the uk 's major index . 
  the title does specify that it 's the major indices , so of course it would include the ftse 100 . 
  and you 'll see that the units are percentage increase/decrease , not in any currency . 
  feel free to make your own post if you want . 
  you 're kidding yourself if you think these 1,000 jobs are the only jobs to have been created in britain . 
  even if we do lose `` a few hundred thousand jobs '' we would still have one of the lowest unemployment rates in europe . 
  if we lose a few hundred thousand jobs and a few hundred thousand immigrants each year , then we wont be any worse off . 
  that 's my guess , they all have dual citizenship but those living within the uk and identifying as irish must have been classified as foreign citizens by this study . 
  650,000 fewer advertisements does n't mean 650,000 jobs have been destroyed . 
  you will eventually be forced to comply and then get handed a multi-billion euro bill for the eu contributions you 've avoided paying . 
  i knew immigration was bad for you guys , but i did n't expect the eu to change its name so quickly . 
  investors had a year to prepare for the referendum , if some of them backed the wrong side that 's a risk they chose to take . 
  so from the perspective of uk businesses , their value has increased 0.13 % . 
  that 's my agenda , i have n't lost any money , my company has n't lost any money , i do n't care if some foreigners lost money when the referendum result came out . 
  a more accurate assessment in a world where british businesses conduct all their transactions in dollars . 
  in the real world however , british businesses do most of their business in sterling , so the value of sterling falling relative to another currency has no domestic impact other than imports/exports . 
  i 'm also getting tired of repeating myself , picking the ftse 250 to make your point is cherrypicking because it 's the worst performing out of the half a dozen main indices . 
  the ftse 100 is by far the most common benchmark of the uk economy and if you truly wanted a wider market view , you would have picked the ftse all share . 
  picking the 250 because it 's the worst performing blatantly shows what agenda you 're trying to promote , because there 's no other valid reason to use it as a benchmark . 
  as for converting the value of uk equities into dollars , that 's only relevant from the perspective of a us investor . 
  from the perspective of companies operating in the uk , or uk citizens holding domestic equities , their value has n't fallen at all since these companies operate mainly in sterling and announce their profits in sterling . 
  that 's not how indices work . 
  the exchange rate against the dollar only matters to american investors . 
  to the businesses operating in the uk and europe , it barely matters at all asides from the cost of importing/exporting goods that do n't have a currency hedge . 
  lower immigration and lower population means lower gdp growth , shocking . 
  london was the world 's financial capital long before the eu was even dreamed of . 
  tariff barriers are not the issue in financial services , the real issue is non-tariff barriers and the eu has been notoriously slow to reform these anyway . 
  the uk does n't need to be a member of the eu to remove these barriers . 
  i feel like i need to repeat myself when i said the referendum is over , give up on project fear and admit defeat gracefully . 
  the eu wants to implement a financial transaction tax and the only reason they did n't is because the uk stepped in to stop them . 
  without the uk , the legislation will be passed and the only thing the eu will fuck up is their own financial sector . 
  i work in one of the big 4 banks and the first thing they said on friday morning is that nobody is leaving and nobody is losing their job . 
  the referendum is over and the europhiles lost , it 's pathetic that they 're still trying to continue with project fear rather than admit defeat gracefully . 
   banks will need an eu headquarters i work in banking and the geographical regions are emea , americas and asia-pacific . 
  none of them have an eu headquarters , their emea headquarters does n't even have to be in europe let alone the eu or the failing eurozone . 
  tell me about all the swiss banks that have relocated . 
  actually it 's the shetland islands that have all the oil , the most unionist and most eursceptic part of scotland . 
  what nasty surprise would that be ? 
  that poland is n't going to pay back all that money we gave you ? 
  waiting for a good deal is in our national interest . 
  the uk would n't do so deliberately to sabotage the eu economy , but the eu would certainly be in limbo if they do n't offer a good deal and the uk holds off on triggering article 50 as a result . 
  the eu knows if they really tried to play hardball , the uk could if it wanted set up as a massive tax haven 26 miles offshore , with the world 's financial capital and europe 's largest hub airport . 
  oh , and over 50 % of the eu 's proven oil reserves . 
  if you think the eu can bully us , you 're in for a surprise . 
  the uk holds all the cards at the minute since it was an advisory referendum and we have n't activated article 50 yet . 
  ca n't say i want to be part of a club that threatens to kneecap you if you leave , sounds a bit like the mafia . 
  a consistent error in the same direction ? 
  that sounds like a bias . 
  by delaying we can put pressure on the eu to offer us a good deal , since their economies seem to be getting hit worse than ours since friday and were doing considerably worse to begin with . 
  implying the eu will still exist . 
  even if it does exist in some weakened form , spain and belgium have already said they 'd veto scotland . 
  polls consistently gave a 2 % lead to remain and in the end leave won by 2 % , this suggests polling methods could have a 4 % bias in favour of eu membership . 
  here 's the source http://www.vox.com/2014/8/26/6067123/isis-poll, 
  that only matters to us investors , to companies that buy , sell and announce profits in sterling a % drop is a % drop .
