  yes the value of the euro would fall relative to other currencies . 
  simply from a demand and supply perspective , an increase in the supply of a currency or anything else , will cause the price to fall . 
  due to the informational efficiency of financial markets ( emh ) as well as high frequency trading algorithms , the exchange rate will fall immediately after the announcement . 
  i would say within 1-5 seconds based on previous experience trading derivatives . 
  using demeaning metaphors like that is n't helpful . 
  if you have a legitimate criticism of any particular action taken by the uk , then voice it in a constructive manner . 
  i still feel differently about scotland than i did before , even after the referendum they still wont shut up about breaking up the uk . 
  the butthurt is unbearable . 
  they keep electing incompetent nationalists and sending them to westminster to make a mockery of the whole parliament . 
  one of their candidates was a 20 year old politics student . 
  they literally let a politics student stand for a seat in government and the scots are so blinded by their nationalism that they actually elected her . 
  now that oil prices have collapsed i would almost say i wish they had left the uk so we could just watch them getting fucked over and laugh . 
  it 's worth pointing out that if a guys lies about wearing a condom it 's considered rape in some countries . 
  i think that 's the type of rape julian assange has an international arrest warrant for . 
  but if a girl lies about taking the pill then there 's no punishment , in fact she gets paid for her deception . 
  the guy is usually stuck paying 12 % of his pre-tax income for the next 18 years of his life . 
  before anyone attacks the poor strawman ** i am obviously not defending the killer , ** but perhaps if men had more legal protection in such cases of reproductive coercion , events like this would n't happen . 
  wtf ? 
  nobody in the uk is proposing we kick out eu migrants if we leave the eu , but if they 're threatening to kick our wealthy pensioners out of spain i would gladly kick their roma beggars out of the uk . 
  germany wont always be a dominant force in europe , their long-term gdp growth is predicted to be below 1 % and their population is forecast to shrink dramatically . 
  within our lifetime germany wont be considered a big or powerful country in europe . 
  it 's interesting , but not too useful due to using the age bracket 15-24 and measuring everyone rather than just economically active people . 
  ideally you will have 0 % of 15-18 year olds in employment because they 're still in school and you would want at least 40 % of 18-21 year olds in university , only some of whom will work part-time jobs . 
  i hope shetland and orkney hold a referendum about exiting scotland and joining the uk after that . 
  the two regions that have a claim to north sea oil are the two regions with the highest support for remaining in the uk . 
  how would you define the british isles ? 
  would you tell holocaust survivors to just `` get over it '' ? 
  it 's clearly in every other country 's interests if we stay in the eu , to pretend otherwise is an obvious bluff . 
  now pay up you fuckers . 
  now somebody do bread and rice and any other staple . 
  brits had to hide in those tunnels when germany sent its bombers to target civilians during the war . 
  one of our many `` friends '' in europe . 
  you might be interested to see the link between gender equality and demographic decline . 
  how many migrants did it deter ? 
  each one deterred has saved the country tens of thousands or euros . 
  in your first map you gave the uk an extra bit of ireland , we 'll take it ( literally ) . 
  way too much and there does n't seem to be any effort to remove it . 
  i 've only noticed how much there is since i started using the bus , but it makes the city look a mess . 
  the hooligans seem to do it on shop shutters where it 's difficult to clean off or paint over . 
  enjoy your snails and frogs and unhygienic women . 
  no wonder the migrants are so desperate to get over here :p, 
  what 's going on in netherlands ? 
  trust the guardian to judge the successfulness of a public service based on the amount of taxpayer money thrown at it . 
  so plenty of lefty media outlets exist , they just are n't very popular apart from with a vocal minority of student socialists . 
  they can get free food , shelter and medical care already . 
  they choose not to use the free shelter because the shelter wont let them use illegal drugs . 
  financial hardship does n't excuse breaking the law . 
  and nothing of value would be lost . 
  if the uk leaves however , the eu may not even survive as a union . 
  the era of the petrodollar is over . 
  this is a big step towards the euro fulfilling it 's aim of becoming the world 's prominent reserve currency , one of the main reasons for the eu 's existence . 
  the uk equivalent is an isa . 
  obviously we are n't all equal , what does the uk add to the union compared to other countries ? 
  it would be against keynes ' `` rules of the game '' to devalue our currency . 
  there are efforts to rebalance our economy away from financial services by way of tax cuts for all businesses but extra taxes on banks , this combined with low energy costs should help producers , but we 're still a service based economy . 
  as part of the brexit negotiation the eu has recently agreed to complete the single market in services , which would disproportionately benefit the uk economy . 
  the pm has also been on trade missions to all g20 countries except argentina , basically travelling the world with big british brands trying to get deals signed with china , india and the other fast growing economies . 
  the government is also pushing for eu trade deals with india , ttip etc. 
  we elected a conservative government in 2010 after 13 years of labour . 
  they 've made taxes much more competitive , incentivised people to work , reduced interest rates by cutting the budget deficit and the boe has managed its monetary policy much better than the ecb . 
  the main problems now are productivity and trade deficit , but there are already measures being implemented to tackle these . 
  plus labour have chosen an unelectable idiot as their leader , so the conservatives should have until at least 2025 to steer the ship in the right direction . 
  this is what happened when the uk labour party started bribing people to have more children . 
  there 's lots of potential measure to halt europe 's demographic decline that have n't even been tried yet . 
  mass immigration is probably the worst measure and it seems to be the favourite choice for some countries . 
  gdp is still 20 % below the pre-crisis peak , cumulative inflation has been ~ 53 % since the crisis and their currency has lost half its value , so i would hardly say they 're doing great . 
  uk should be ~ 4.8 % when eurostat gets round to publishing our december data . 
  it has already been established they are a tool of pro-integrationist propaganda , so it 's understandable they try to make the uk seem weaker than it is . 
  i suspect a lot of the languages will be dying out and probably other local cultural traditions . 
  the shared culture that will replace it will be an amalgamation of them all . 
  we have them in the uk too , i can confirm they change into scruffy clothes and get dropped off in a minivan by the gangmaster . 
  when they are n't working as beggars they wear normal clothes . 
  countries in schengen still control their own asylum policy . 
  the eu do n't set taxes in the uk , i do n't think they set taxes in any country . 
  i 'm not even sure why this is being suggested . 
  countries who accepted hundreds of thousands of welfare seekers might need to raise taxes , but that 's their choice . 
  it 's stupid to suggest it should be a europe wide initiative . 
  the sun still does page 3 , i think they only said they were stopping it to troll feminists . 
  uk the financial times is the most impartial as it only deals with facts . 
  nearly all the other publications are extremely biased . 
  the left wing biased papers are the guardian , observer , independent ( and it 's `` i '' publication ) and mirror . 
  the right wing biased papers are the telegraph , mail and express . 
  the most popular newspaper is the sun which is very low-brow and lacks credibility , but it does n't have deeply entrenched political biases like most of the others . 
  free movement of labour is n't working like it 's supposed to , all those people are free to come to the uk or germany or any other country with an abundance of jobs . 
  the problem is they do n't want to . 
  the problem this creates is that germany and the other eurozone countries with strong economies will soon want the ecb to raise rates , while france and the other eurozone countries with weak economies will want them to keep rates low . 
  a single currency area can only work well if there 's good labour mobility to equalise unemployment rates across the countries . 
  ( mundell 1961 ) i suspect language is the main barrier . 
  if countries are so reluctant to give up their own currency , laws etc. 
  how mad do you think they 'll be when they find out they 'll have to give up their language as well ? 
  particularly the french . 
  do you have a comparative analysis ? 
  they 've gone to shit in the last 10-20 years mainly due to homeless people abusing them . 
  public bathrooms in office blocks are lovely , in shopping centres and cinemas they 're ok . 
  in bars , clubs and fast food places they 're bare minimum . 
  but completely public toilets that you used to be able to go into from the street have all been shut down . 
  the only one 's we have left are single cubicle ones that you pay 20p and they kick you out after 10 minutes . 
  basically all public spaces have been compromised because of homeless people and antisocial people abusing them , there are n't even any covered benches in my city , so if it has been raining ( so basically every day ) you ca n't sit down anywhere without getting your ass wet . 
  why is people supporting themselves considered controversial ? 
  even the people on welfare have paid into the system at some point and are effectively supporting themselves , relative to those who have n't paid into the system .
