  we should get a trade deal signed with america and stop all the fearmongering , not too keen about free movement if i 'm honest because of all the gangs and guns . 
  ca n't wait for them to join the eu and bring the third world onto our doorstep . 
  so sweden was wealthy before socialism ? 
  marxism , not even once . 
  [ 1972 operation splash ] ( http://irishecho.com/2011/02/kgb-armed-official-ira-book-reveals/ ) . 
  the head of the kgb went to great lengths to conceal the source of the weapons even using german oil to lubricate the guns and a japanese buoy to mark their drop off point at sea . 
  look at the increase of terrorist related deaths in the uk after 1972 . 
  and they have a drink called the irish car bomb , the uk should invent a drink called the boston marathon bomb and see how they like it . 
  and fuck russia for arming the ira , the death count went up dramatically due to all the automatic weapons russia armed them with as part of a proxy-war within the cold war . 
  also fuck gaddafi for giving them semtex , i enjoyed watching his death . 
  the main / r/unitedkingdom sub has been hijacked by socialist teenagers . 
  if you post anything negative about corbyn , labour or socialism even on another subreddit and the / r/unitedkindom mods see it they 'll ban you from the national sub . 
  this means it has become a leftist echo chamber , god help us if they ever controlled government . 
  there would be 110 % tax on the rich , literal wealth confiscation until all the wealthy people emigrated , we would have unlimited welfare for anyone who made up a good sob-story , a minimum wage that would force businesses to leave the country and workers would be allowed to strike if their boss asked them to do some work . 
  personally i consider / r/ukpolitics to be the real national sub for proper grown-up discussion . 
  if they got into politics i imagine it would be much like our current political system with very passionate people using the same arguments , possibly with a bit less political correctness and a lot more euroscepticism . 
  good luck finding the the other isis sleeper cells hiding in brussels before they do this again . 
  you 're correct , the 950k jobs that disappear will be the lowest paying jobs . 
  they can move them to eastern europe where the cheap labour is and the migrants can go back home . 
  it would be moronic to ignore the motivating factors why these businesses want to stay in the eu and commission this type of report , trade is one factor but low wages is another . 
  even the remain campaign told businesses that wages would go up to get them to support remaining in the eu . 
  paying more tax is nothing to do with downwards pressure on the labour market , if you think this is the only way migration affects you then you are showing a staggering lack of understanding of economics . 
  european migration will grow the uk population by 1.5 % by 2020 anyway , so we should n't be looking at gdp but rather gdp per capita . 
  so their doom and gloom scenario is really 1.5 % . 
  it may be 4 % if for some inexplicable reason we ca n't agree a trade deal despite already meeting all the criteria and it being in both sides interests to agree one quickly . 
  950k jobs lost but 172k fewer eu workers coming here each year ( net and rising ) . 
  over the next 5 years brits will lose that many jobs to poles and other eastern europeans anyway so are we really worse off individually or is our gdp figure just worse off ? 
  # 100bn for a country our size is about # 1,500 each , how much will wages rise if they are n't being driven down by an unlimited supply of cheap labour ? 
  we would probably make that back in the first 2 years . 
  do n't let these big scary numbers influence your vote , this is the project fear they talked about . 
  # 100bn is only 3 weeks of gdp , that 's the price to be free of the eu forever . 
   `` in the rinkeby district of stockholm nearly 90 per cent of residents come from an immigrant background '' what ? 
  imagine your family had lived there for generations and you were now in that last 10 % . 
  people try to deny this type of thing will ever happen , but obviously it already has happened some parts of europe . 
  how do you know she 's homeless ? 
  most roma beggars in western europe are n't really homeless . 
  it did n't . 
  this is economic output including all the foreign owned companies , in terms of income or wealth or measures that irish people actually benefit from they 're still way behind other northern european countries . 
  so we 'll all end up competing each other down to zero ? 
  that 's called a race to the bottom , sounds like a great plan . 
  well ireland seem to have started a race to the bottom , yet apparently we 're the ones declaring war on europe , even though our corporate tax rate will still be 5 % higher than ireland 's and they have escaped any major criticism . 
  i 'm not sure how you think america is contributing to european ** defence ** . 
  your military is allowed to use certain air force bases and submarine bases , but that sounds more like european countries are doing america a favour rather than the other way around . 
  [ i 'm sure merkel had nothing to do with it . 
  if she 's in favour of allowing these migrants into europe then i dare her to spend one night alone in that refugee camp without her bodyguards . 
  [ here 's some uk figures by ethnicity ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-bxuor55zx7q/tpw-gxv5rsi/aaaaaaaaaew/h5db5vowtte/s1600/fertility_religion.gif ) , the replacement rate is ~ 2.1 in developed countries . 
  businesses do n't want to lose their source of cheap labour . 
  shocking . 
  that 's what everyone in the uk said about ukip 5 years ago , now we 're on the verge of leaving the eu and possibly causing its collapse . 
  central bank interest rates will influence inflation 2 + years into the future , so having low rates now when you do n't need them could push inflation well above 2 % in a few years time . 
  we 're now entering the stage of the economic cycle where inflation stops being a sign of growth and starts to become a problem . 
  germany might end up having to accept high inflation in order to allow the weak economies to recover . 
  so the us is raising while the eurozone is cutting , it 'll be interesting to see how this plays out . 
  it 'll help create jobs and grow the economies in the southern eurozone but will cause additional inflation in the northern eurozone . 
  pis have rejected the epp , which is merkel 's conservative group in the eu parliament and joined forces with the uk conservative party in the ecr . 
  the ecr is a growing party while the epp is shrinking , merkel has used the same strategy to hold onto power in europe as she has in germany , a grand coalition between the main right-wing party and the main left-wing party , meaning it 's virtually impossible for other parties to have any influence . 
  her and hollande see the ecr as a threat and are attacking one of it 's 2 major members the pis . 
  i would n't be surprised if they are also spreading negative sentiment about the uk conservatives . 
  ireland currently leading the race to the bottom . 
  countries can co-operate on a lot of things . 
  some countries co-operate with america because it suits them , not because they `` depend '' on them . 
  likewise we do n't `` depend '' on china for anything except trade , which wont change if the eu becomes a superstate , yet in the past few months our economic growth has been harmed by the whims of chinese stock market investors . 
  so what are these things you think we can only get done on our own that are so important they requires sacrificing national sovereignty and forming a superstate ? 
  so there are both successful and unsuccessful countries that do n't try to compete with the us or china . 
  you still have n't demonstrated why you as an individual would be better off in a superstate that can compete with them . 
   war that killed over 600,000 people lol , noobs, 
  in what way do you benefit personally from being able to `` compete with usa or china '' ? 
  how are the poor swiss people doing ? 
  they will never be able to compete . 
  how are people in australia , canada and hong kong doing ? 
  they 'll never `` compete with usa or china '' and most of them are doing a damn site better than most people in the eu . 
  unless you 're proposing a war against the us or china then you need to re-think your priorities . 
  thatcher . 
  actually probably most of the leaders of the big countries will be remembered . 
  joking aside , the eu would work much better if there was a single language . 
  i 've explained this before on here , it 's to do with the labour mobility required to normalise unemployment rates over a large area sharing a single monetary policy , which is part of having a shared currency . 
  despite the name , this is only the 5th largest airport in london carrying about 2 % of london air traffic . 
  i gave 20p to a romanian beggar once , that was a few years ago and i 'm sick of the sight of them now . 
  i wish nobody gave them a penny and they would all fuck off home . 
  brits demand a new opt out to be allowed super-strength kettles . 
  that woman 's name ... albert einstein . 
  not really , the cap was raised by 30k in 14/15 academic year and became uncapped this current academic year , so the increased number who came to study have n't graduated yet . 
  this inflates net migration . 
  according to [ this source ] ( http://institutions.ukcisa.org.uk//info-for-universities-colleges--schools/policy-research--statistics/research--statistics/international-students-in-uk-he/ ) there 's 310k non-eu students , so probably 100-150k a year considering most do a 2 year degree . 
  out of the 310k students here currently , 88k are chinese , india is 2nd with 20k . 
  unemployment is low but wages are also low , or lower than they would otherwise be . 
  with such low unemployment , employers should be competing to hire people by offering higher and higher wages . 
  instead they just rely on the unlimited influx of migrants . 
  a lot of our non-eu migration is students from middle class chinese families who can afford to send their children halfway round the world to go to one of the top universities and pay up to # 9k ( $ 11.5 k ) per year plus accommodation , utilities and travel costs . 
  these students are only allowed to stay if they graduate with a degree and earn over # 21k , about to rise to # 35k ( $ 44.5 k ) a year . 
  compare that to eu immigrants who mostly end up picking cabbages and receiving welfare , yet they can stay indefinitely . 
  why none in italy ? 
  possibly to do with earthquakes ? 
  that 's just in a 2 year period . 
  if your figures are correct then 0.13 % were struck off in that 2 year period , so assuming a 40 year career that means 1 in 40 foreign doctors will be struck off at some point . 
  i do n't think a crowd of people laughing for more than 5 seconds at a joke is weird at all , particularly such an off the cuff retort that was so apt while corbyn was trying to make himself seem important . 
  this is between 2013-2015 . 
  [ an older report ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/society/2012/dec/30/majority-of-doctors-disciplined-trained-abroad ) found that 63 % of doctors struck off were foreign between 2007-2012 . 
  what makes you think it was fake ? 
  even labour members were struggling not to laugh .
