  scotland wont get another referendum for at least 30 years , possibly never again . 
  the last one caused so much inconvenience to both britain and other european countries with separatist movements . 
  even your own source lists barcelona as being in spain . 
  downvoted for interjecting political opinion into science . 
  it 's a short trip to poland . 
  4th highest military spending per capita in the world . 
  how is that a laughing stock ? 
  i think there 's still over 10k british troops in germany . 
   birmingham who could it be ? 
  no wonder germany is resorting to drastic measures , but why the hell do they have to try and force their quotas on other countries ? 
  we should be proud . 
  our small country rekt the whole world , industrialised it and then just gave it back again . 
  investors have lost confidence in the government so interest rates are high , which means businesses ca n't raise capital to invest and create jobs . 
  damn , greece is fucked . 
  their economy is never going to recover with interest rates so high and an electorate that does n't understand what the problem is . 
  the only people who think marxism is a good idea are people who 've never experienced marxism . 
  your dessert spoon and soup spoon are different to ours . 
  what you call a dessert spoon and soup spoon , we call them a tea spoon and table spoon respectively . 
  our soup spoons are perfectly circular and our dessert spoon is usually more pointy but a similar size to a table spoon . 
  and he did receive criticism for `` losing '' some votes , but it 's a much more admirable position than going along with the crowd so you do n't lose face . 
  the uk has managed to control our refugee costs so we have no need to introduce new taxes . 
  if germany needs to then the german finance minister should go right ahead and introduce it in germany , but he has no authority in the eu so should n't be proposing such measures for other countries . 
  there 's no way the uk will join this lunacy . 
  what 's the % for under 30s ? 
  in order to solve the lack of labour mobility the eu needs to converge on a common language and we all know it 's going to be english . 
  in my lifetime the anglosphere will probably gain 26 new members . 
  piers morgan . 
  the socialist government got booted out in 2010 and the conservatives have been slowly improving the debt situation since then , but the left has so much support that they have to tread very carefully to stay in power . 
  the economy is booming atm due to low interest rates , but there is still a big threat if the socialists get back into power , particularly with their new leader who is an economically illiterate maniac . 
  ironic username ? 
  oh dear , the people who said we were destroying our country with immigration were right . 
  better cover it up so we can continue destroying our country . 
  that should help with our exports . 
  0.3 % is still enough to skew the figures , if your figure are correct then job bridge is the difference between 8.8 % and 9.1 % . 
  uk unemployment never rose above 8 % even at the peak of the recession . 
  it staggers me that within the eurozone 8.8 % unemployment , now 9 years after the recession hit , can be seen as some sort of success . 
  bloody tories . 
  how much would it cost to send him back ? 
  i doubt he has the kind of education that would enable him to earn enough to become a net contributor . 
  messing with transport infrastructure is actually a terrorist offence in the uk and punishable by life in prison . 
  instead this criminal wins a lifetime supply of welfare . 
  a popcorn shortage for r/europe ? 
  on this sub it 's the latter . 
  [ dan le sac vs. scroobius pip ( vs. radiohead ) - letter from god to man ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e4467ci4y0m ), 
  i 'd say disrespecting the queen probably takes the top spot , but we 're spoilt for choice . 
  yes , in that there will be tactical voting blocs and the uk will come last . 
  it 'll be funny when europe has a directly elected president with 5 % of the vote . 
  i suppose that would still be 5 % more than juncker has . 
  i think there 's a consensus about the existence of the phillips curve , it certainly is n't controversial . 
  you 're right in saying there 's lots of other factors influencing inflation , the main one at the moment being the fall in oil prices . 
  there 's also a lag between low unemployment and high inflation , so you would need to adjust for that to notice the effect . 
  it 's hard to say what rate of unemployment would cause unacceptable inflationary pressure in the uk , going below 2-3 % would probably be dangerous . 
  as for the boe 2 % inflation target , they 'll be looking more at core inflation rather than headline inflation , as it 's less influenced by the oil glut . 
  healthy inflation is really just a sign of a growing economy , but even with oil prices clouding the picture we can still see the uk economy is growing well . 
  unemployment is negatively correlated with inflation through [ the phillips curve . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qlgauui.jpg ) the optimal rate of unemployment therefore is n't zero , it 's the lowest rate which does n't accelerate inflation known as the nairu ( non-accelerating inflation rate of unemployment ) . 
  so good economic news comes out and your response it that it could be even better with more government spending ? 
  banks in the uk have to pay an additional 8 % corporation tax on top of the normal rate plus a levy on their total worldwide assets . 
  hardly what i 'd call a tax haven . 
  hopefully , osborne seemed to be hinting last week that the germans had yielded on this point . 
  completing the single market for services could be huge , probably worth # 500 - # 1,000 each year for every man , woman and child in britain . 
  britain 's european `` partners '' seem to want more integration when it suits them and more protectionism when it does n't suit them . 
  this seems politically charged to me . 
  i 'm dubious about anything the european commission publishes now since it emerged the [ eurobarometer is rigged to produce pro-integrataionist results . 
  i thought we were talking about the economy , but the japanese population is also falling . 
  nobody in their right mind thinks the 5th largest economy in the world and 2nd largest in europe is a `` mid-sized economy '' . 
  it may be considerably smaller than the total eu economy , but it 's also doing considerably better . 
  it 's more like 1.5 x the size and falling . 
  there is n't much about the japanese economy that i would call `` solid '' at the moment . 
  northern and southern england . 
  i think he means just stop inviting them to come . 
  read the article . 
  maybe you should have read the article . 
  gnp per capita is roughly equal , gdp is artificially inflated as i previously said . 
  however they 're both macro variables and i would n't use either as a suitable indicator of well-being of average people . 
  that 's why i mentioned unemployment and median net wealth . 
  i made 4 objective statements which must be either true or false , if you disagree with one or more of these then try to discuss it like an adult instead of name calling . 
  if you disagree with the subjective statement then state your disagreement . 
  edit : the butthurt is palpable that so many of you have downvoted me but none of you can tell me which bit of my statement was incorrect . 
  you 're pathetic children . 
   we 're outperforming you ireland still has one of the highest rates of homelessness in the western world , unemployment is also far higher than the uk . 
  the only reason irish gdp looks good on paper is because of the beggar thy neighbour tax policy and all the tax loopholes . 
  very little of that money actually stays in ireland , that 's why median income and median net wealth are still way below the uk . 
  i made this over a year ago but it probably has n't changed since then . 
  it 's only for scientific nobel prizes and i used binary colours to show the grouping . 
  with the help of libyan semtex do n't forget . 
   with the ecb 's qe much of the new debt would end up on the ecb 's balance sheet so the inflation penalty would be spread among the whole eurozone , not paid by `` only italy '' as you claimed . 
  my point was that if bremain had won , another scottish referendum would have been less likely , therefore scottish eurosceptics may have voted bremain anyway . 
  in 100 years your national language will have been replaced by ours , 
  yes , the same way only greece is `` paying for their bailout '' themselves . 
  who needs electric cars when you can just build gas guzzlers and lie about their carbon emissions ? 
  there 's a difference between physically being able to cross a border and being legally entitled to a national insurance number when you get there . 
  eu immigrants can come in if they want , but they wont be able to work , rent a property , drive , have a bank account . 
  they 'll basically be tourists . 
   if you do n't have freedom of movement you ca n't have single market access 20 years ago people were arguing that `` if you do n't have the single currency you ca n't have single market access '' . 
  how did that work out ? 
  islamic ideology does n't have to same respect for women as western cultures , so his religion may still have been a causal factor in committing this murder . 
  statistics mean everything . 
  violent crimes and sex attacks are committed at a higher rate by third world immigrants , which legitimately justifies people 's reluctance to allow more third world immigration . 
  whether their violence is is inspired or not is not entirely relevant .
