  gdp per capita is not the same as wealth . 
  thanks eu . 
  the uk was the nearest safe country during ww2 . 
  now there are no wars anywhere near our borders . 
  10 years, 
  roma are ethnically pakistani . 
  they migrated to europe over a thousand years from what is now pakistan . 
  a number of agenda pushing mods got into / r/unitedkingdom moderator positions and actively banned everyone who was n't a leftist . 
  / u/dogbotherer is probably the worst . 
  i 've had about 5 accounts banned from there just for commenting something positive about our centre-right government . 
  the sub is basically a teenage anti-government circlejerk thanks to that guy . 
  british media has split into 2 separate echo chambers in the last couple of years . 
  in the real world everything is more or less the same as it always has been , but depending where you get your news everything is either amazing or a complete disaster . 
  the uk figure is 2 months out of older , it actually fell another 0.1 % between march and may . 
  that is n't per capita and it looks like a single year . 
  [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fsshpot.png ) is data for the 9 year period and greece is the biggest recipient , although it 's only 600 euros each not 900 . 
  [ this is you right now ] ( http://lymediseaseuk.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/moving-the-goalposts-300x2402.jpg ), 
  what about the eu handouts ? 
  i believe greece has been the biggest per capita recipient with everyone in your country getting 900 euros from the uk over the last 9 years . 
  the fact remains that they do n't want to be members and it does n't harm their economies . 
  i do n't know who my local mep is but i know who my local mp is . 
  we do n't care about the eu in britain . 
  they probably passed some shit laws about banning electrical appliances to save a minuscule amount of carbon emissions . 
  it 's irrelevant and people basically see it as a charity case to give money to those countries decimated by marxism . 
  we do n't mind giving them a few hundred quid each , but we do n't want them coming here and making our nice country look like the third world . 
  fyi iceland makes its own trade agreements . 
  switzerland can prioritise giving jobs to its own citizens over eu migrants . 
  if you think eu members could do these things then you do n't understand the eu either . 
  yes , i learned that norway , switzerland and iceland are not in the eu . 
  are you saying they are in the eu ? 
  are they in the eu ? 
  it 's a yes or no question . 
  the uk has approximately the same amount of oil as norway . 
  if being outside the eu was so bad for economic growth , why are n't they queuing up to get in ? 
  you think norway , switzerland and iceland are losing economic growth by not being in the eu ? 
  what 's the employment rate of muslims in sweden ? 
  literally choked on my kebab reading this . 
  have you been to dublin recently ? 
  losing # 10bn a year in net contributions is losing . 
  if they do n't already have an office in frankfurt then they 're not exactly a `` banking giant '' . 
  if you think iceland are going to join instead of ukraine and turkey , then you do n't see the pattern . 
  the eu is a growing union of impoverished countries propped up by a shrinking number of wealthy countries . 
  prepare yourselves for more migrant quotas , except these migrants are from sub-saharan africa rather than syria . 
  no , we wanted control over our borders , our laws and our own affairs . 
  i 'll keep saying it until it sinks in . 
  you should 've given us what we wanted . 
  a muslim majority country with less than half the gdp per capita of romania is going to join the eu and be entitled to unlimited immigration . 
  if this is `` winning '' i do n't want to be a winner . 
  switzerland and norway seem fairly secure compared to some eu members like greece and spain . 
  can a single country veto something proposed by the eu ? 
  i thought the lisbon treaty put a stop to that . 
  fake news , may did meet survivors yesterday . 
  edit : the downvoting of objective facts . 
  quite pathetic . 
  not as much as in france . 
  but yeah , countries with a lot of muslims tend to have disproportionately high muslim crime problems . 
  armed police were on the scene pretty quickly , if shots were fired i hope it was by them . 
  it 's extremely unlikely a terrorist could get a gun in the uk . 
  there are no other countries in the world that speak swedish or finnish , so even if people do n't like the high taxes they 're very unlikely to emigrate . 
  there are plenty of countries which speak english , so if an english speaking country tried to hike taxes there would be a lot of emigration of high earners to the rest of the anglosphere . 
  europe is joining the anglosphere and we do n't even want you . 
  year on year growth estimate was announced today as 2.0 % . 
  still better than : germany = 1.7 % france = 0.8 % eurozone = 1.7 %, 
  if europe sends back our wealthy pensioners we 'll send back your roma vagrants . 
  i 'd welcome such an exchange . 
  we control more than half the proven oil reserves of the entire eu . 
  we barely use nuclear at all . 
  the assets and liabilities will be divided up . 
  many europoors are expecting to just divide up the liabilities , which is considerably more delusional than the british position . 
  is france going to make up our # 6.5 billion a year net contribution to the eu budget with its failing economy ? 
  i do n't know why this is a surprise to some people . 
  we will divide up the assets and liabilities , some people have been discussing this as if we are only dividing up the liabilities . 
  dancing around in flamboyant costumes seems more like something teenagers would do . 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  i assume if we leave the eu we 'll still allow irish people to come and work in the uk without visas . 
  my question is why ca n't we do this with other countries as well ? 
  we could have arrangements with certain countries with a similar standard of education and similar wage expectations to not require work visas . 
  this would mean we could still benefit from the talent pool of northern and western europe without having wages driven down by eastern europeans and without having roma beggars everywhere , which are the two main criticisms of our current arrangement . 
  as i predicted the grand coalition of epp and s&d voted overwhelmingly in favour of condemning the polish government after pis left the pro-federalist coalition for the anti-federalist ecr in 2009 and then gained power in poland in 2015 . 
  once again the european federalists are trying to interfere in national democracy to further their agenda . 
  there are many trustworthy anti-brexit newspapers such as the financial times . 
  even the guardian would have been preferable to the indy . 
  they could have gone to multiple sources . 
  it does n't add up that the indy is the only one running this story . 
  making unverifiable claims is not the role of the press . 
  in what sense is the bbc state controlled ? 
  i 'm not sure why a government member would n't go to the bbc or at least a news outlet that would be believed . 
  do you have a reliable source for this ? 
  the independent used to be a newspaper , but is now just an anti-government website which is wrongly attributed the credibility of the former newspaper of the same name . 
  what happened to it ? 
  i thought you said all the different religions were living happily together ? 
  yugoslavia , living together in peace and harmony . 
  not my president , 
  you realise yugoslavia had the highest percentage muslim population in europe and that this man probably entered germany as a refugee ? 
  you realise bosnia is a muslim majority country ? 
  you know yugoslavia had the highest percentage muslim population in europe ? 
  bosnia is a muslim majority country . 
  suck it europoors , we 're leaving and joining switzerland , norway and iceland in the wealthy club . 
  pretty soon the 4 wealthiest countries in europe will not be part of your poverty party .
