  outstanding level of butthurt on this sub . 
  the referendum has shown that euroscepticism is underrepresented by polling suggesting , if other countries were as democratic as the uk , that france , spain and netherlands would probably vote to leave given the chance . 
  rip europe , you should 've just given us what we wanted . 
  have a look at / r/unitedkingdom and see the level of butthurt , also have a look at the front page of this sub . 
  we 're aware that many romanians are n't gypsies , but nearly all the ones that come here are . 
  the main thing the people wanted is an end to open door immigration , mainly because of roma gypsies . 
  the eu would n't even consider it , so they brought about their own demise . 
  have fun paying for it on your own germany , the way the french economy is going they 'll be net recipients soon . 
  they know it 's the end of the eu . 
  should 've just given us what we wanted . 
  medium.com now estimating 3 % probability that the uk will remain in the eu . 
  it would 've been stupid to negotiate a deal before the referendum as the eu would have made it as unappealing as possible . 
  once we 've voted out then a constructive negotiation can be held, 
  rip eurosuckers , shy-kippers ftw . 
  looks like the uk is destined to be trapped in a failing political union now , because one person who opposed the union was mental enough to murder someone the week before the referendum . 
  that 's the true cost of the higher social spending in europe . 
  high taxes help people at the bottom in the short term , but in the long term almost everyone is worse off as a result . 
  i do n't see any european countries on that list :p, 
  implying the eu will still exist if the uk leaves . 
  i do n't see it in recent submissions , can you be more specific ? 
  if someone from the eu suddenly swooped in and said the uk can be exempt from free movement , it would definitely swing the vote . 
  cameron recently said about 40 % are on in-work welfare . 
  so a pensioner after a lifetime of paying into the system will only be rewarded with $ 86 a week for the rest of their life ? 
  i do n't think that would be too popular . 
  they ca n't , no country can . 
  some people on the left just ca n't comprehend economic realities . 
  the short-term oil glut is making inflation look extremely weak , but even if you factor this out inflation in the eurozone is still worryingly weak due to slow economic growth . 
  forecasts suggest it 'll still be below 2 % in 5 years time , while the uk and us are expected to pass 2 % within 1-2 years . 
  are there any more recent figures ? 
  just abolish corporation tax altogether , that should do it , 
  these figures are for net wealth , so they 're after debt has been subtracted . 
  it 's actually higher , around # 2300 gross which is 3000 euros . 
  wealthiest country in the eu , maybe now you europhiles will understand why you need us more than we need you . 
  the song title may as way have been `` upvote dis if yu h8 russia '', 
  the question was probably do you view x country favourably or unfavourably and the scale displayed here is percent who said favourably minus percent who said unfavourably . 
  any sources for any of these claims ? 
  hopefully other countries will resist their stupid quotas . 
  germany made their bed , now they can lie in it . 
  a lot of countries hate the us . 
  race to the bottom on corporate tax , they basically undercut everyone else including switzerland . 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  the uk economy is doing very well since the tories took over . 
  their economy is in the shitter ? 
  a bit of communism should sort that out , it has worked everywhere else . 
  i only care about the eu as long as we 're part of it . 
  if the uk leaves then i hope it all collapses and the idiots at the top regret not taking our concerns seriously . 
  the future anglosphere , the only countries not learning english are the ones that already speak it . 
  lol , australia accepting british immigrants is exactly the same as sweden accepting somalian immigrants . 
  [ source ] ( https://data.oecd.org/gdp/real-gdp-forecast.htm ), 
  well he did only win because of the massive muslim population of london . 
  salty fools are pretending they 're happy about brexit to save face . 
  it should be called lack of independence day, 
  it is the best thing that has happened for the poorer parts of europe . 
  why is it a good thing for wealthy countries ? 
  the title makes it seem like these are the top priorities of brexit supporters . 
  they are n't . 
  this is a list of random things and a polling organisation asked brexit supporters if they support them . 
  and a nuclear submarine base . 
  this is what the eu parliament wants . 
  they wont admit it because it 's the opposite of the european people want , but as recently as 5-10 years ago they were only speaking about how to encourage mass immigration from africa . 
  more than half all new-borns in paris are already non-white . 
  damn , it was announced yesterday that we 're now the fastest growing economy in the g7 . 
  when is all the chaos going to start ? 
   eventually africa will catch up i would n't be so confident of that . 
  it 's quite a common survey question . 
  according to the 70-80 % of people in the developed world who consistently say they want less immigration . 
  the party of immigrants will never get back into power . 
  at least the uk & us are moving in the right direction , it seems parts of europe are moving in the wrong direction . 
  china is the largest economy in asia , but is still a shithole compared to japan or south korea . 
  uk is the 4th wealthiest country in europe , the top 3 are already outside the poverty union and the 5th wealthiest is close to leaving next . 
  i believe germoney is 14th with about half the per capita wealth as the uk . 
  i 'm sure a million third world immigrants each year will help them prosper though , 
  have fun with merkel and her muslim quotas . 
  this discovery is inside the united kingdom 's exclusive economic zone . 
  the closest uk landmass is the shetland islands who in 1979 voted 73 % against devolution of powers away from london and in 2014 voted 64 % against scottish independence . 
  if scotland was to ever become independent , the shetland islanders would likely push for their own independence and rejoin the uk . 
  the germans must be using a cheat device . 
  by my reckoning we 've paid for about 20 % of eastern europe . 
  just liquidate the baltic states and send us a cheque . 
  one of the main purposes of nato is to keep the german military weak . 
  junker is gon na do the same thing to us on wednesday . 
  right-wing/anti immigrant sentiment is often underestimated by polling , brexit/trump etc were considered underdogs based on poll results . 
  uk polls factor in a thing called `` the shy tories '' . 
  also ukip was only polling at ~ 14 % when they forced one of the two main parties to commit to the brexit referendum . 
  sd are polling at 20-25 % . 
  once the centre-right party sees their voter base leaving them for sd , they 'll be forced to offer a referendum in their manifesto . 
  wow you guys are bitter . 
  after giving you all charity for several decades you think there would be some gratitude . 
  yes , we 're going back 40 years to before all the immigrant arrived here . 
  it does n't mean we 're giving up our 80mb broadband to go and work in a coalmine . 
  being from a catholic country , it 's more probable that you were a mistake . 
  we did n't want to clash with the french election . 
  sweden 's more likely to join a caliphate than a nordic union . 
  this is your future now . 
  embrace it . 
  that 's more than 6.3 % of the federal budget according to [ this ] ( http://www.bundesfinanzministerium.de/content/en/bilder/media_centre/graphics/2016-federal-budget-01.jpg?__blob=square&amp;v=4 ) . 
  can not be corroborated by another source . 
  this is the definition of unverifiable . 
  i do n't think taxpayers in northern europe would be happy to pay higher borrowing costs due to the overspending of governments in southern europe . 
  we have n't left yet,
