it 's actually a police car you see in those pictures . 
  that does n't make it any better though in my opinion . 
  yes , but actually it oughta be : 1 . 
  get cash grant from kremlin for `` innovation '' . 
  steal cash grant . 
  move to london 4 . 
  `` heart attack '' / `` accident '' / straight up polonium poisoning, 
  my gf made me see the swan see live when we visited st. petersburg . 
  it was actually pretty decent to watch even though i think it was mainly a tourist attraction . 
  tchaikovsky 's music is pretty catchy . 
  i 've recently visited geneva and actually the mentioned bars and restaurants are ridiculously expensive as well . 
  i 'd prefer taking ~ 20 minutes to cross the border into france and go out there . 
  that 's the whole idea behind it though . 
  it 's meant to be a long-term process in which the states ditch their individual procurement plans , because they 're actually the biggest waste of money in the eu . 
  why have 10 different development programs for the same type of helicopter when we could all use the same ? 
  you 're completely right , but maybe there 's more to it . 
  the general environment of student exchanges heavily increases the chance of hooking up with somebody . 
  speaking from personal experience , i am confident that there 's hardly any place that has more promiscuous people than a student exchange programm . 
  there 's usually lots of partying involved and nobody knows you which lowers the social constraints and allows you to be more open and daring - i think the part about social constraints is especially true for women who are imo more afraid to be judged by their peers . 
   while you are saying that it does n't matter because it does n't matter ? 
  no , it does matter , mostly to the people who live there . 
  but i 'm pretty sure most , if not all , of the people in here are just turning this into a big circlejerk over immigration and after they 've received confirmation of their political agenda by each other they 'll move on and forget about it , because in reality they do n't give a shit about the people of bad schlema . 
  and single stupid statements by local politicians do n't cause revolutions . 
  the example of wwi does n't fit this story at all , because it was n't just `` an austrian '' , but the archduke which makes it more than just an unimportant local event . 
  but i guess if you 're actively trying to find something that can start the `` revolution '' you 're keen on , than anything will do , if you just blow it completely out of proportion - even unimportant local events . 
   and how is this case poorly researched ? 
  first of all , he says that his granddaughter is in 10th grade , but the subtitles falsely translated it as 10 years old and the independent picked that false information up . 
  of course , you 'll say that this fact wo n't change anything , but it does paint a different picture in peoples head . 
  the old man is clearly talking about underage asylum seekers , because he said `` kinder '' ( children ) . 
  and he never said anything about rape , even though many in here are taking it that way . 
  he said `` anp\u00f6beln '' which i 'd translate as being `` dissed '' / `` cussed out '' or maybe `` verbally abused '' , but he clearly means that they 're making inappropriate comments . 
  so what do we have there ? 
  some of the foreign boys who live there at the gym making inappropriate comments to girls who are probably about the same age . 
  what does r/europe make of it ? 
  dirty migrants trying to rape a 10 year old girl on her way to school . 
  now the verbal harassment should be addressed either way and these boys should be disciplined and taught how to treat women in our country - but there 's a completely different scenario going on in the readers ' heads thanks to that false piece of information and it changes their perceiption of the whole political situation , because these misinformations keep on adding up and then you come along saying : `` the outcome of this case may set a precedence , since dissatisfaction in that town can be reflected over the whole country '' . 
  this leads me to my second point . 
  the independent article does n't even mention that this was a protest organized by a member of the fascist npd party ( and no they 're not by any means just `` right wing '' , but real nazis ) and that they basically crashed a council meeting which was not supposed to be a place of public discussion - even though that 's the main news being discussed in the german article that the independent 's author cites . 
  in the german article it also says that many of the protesters were not even residents of bad schlema . 
  that leaves the story as a bunch of people entering this meeting and acting all rudely , the whole thing being organized by a npd member , instead of local citizens who simply voice their concerns . 
  so the old man 's question was not just poorly translated , but also taken out of context . 
  now the mayor 's statement ca n't be excused and he should face consequences , which is a matter of the local citizens to deal with . 
  that being said you ca n't be sure that he actually supports victim blaming , because for all we know the situation with a 100 angry people entering a meeting , unexpectedly brought in by his political opponent , was just too much for him to handle and he did n't think before opening his mouth . 
  so you should n't blindly take this as `` another liberal who blames female rape victims , because he cares so much about immigrants '' or whatever fits your political agenda . 
  e : some spelling . 
  so you think the residents of bad schlema need the protection of r/europe from the mayor they themselves elected ? 
  come one , this is ridiculous . 
  we all know that this is about nothing other than the anti-immigration circlejerk that 's been going on on r/europe for a while now and the people itt will eat up any small insignificant story that fits their agenda even if its poorly researched and ignore the rest . 
  hey , i did n't relativize any crime . 
  the thing is , there 's plenty of shit heads in the world . 
  many of them support victim blaming , but they 're not the only shit heads in this world . 
  there 's all sorts of sexist , racist and other shit heads . 
  and there 's plenty of people who wo n't just say these things once because they 're stupid , but who actually genuinely believe these things . 
  now imagine , what if every single one of these shit heads made world news every time they said something stupid . 
  you would never get to any real news because every paper would simply be filled with shit . 
  oh , excuse my ignorance again . 
  so not caring about an unimportant statement = agreeing with it . 
  til !, 
   gangs of 25-35 years old no cause the old man said `` kinder '' ( children ) himself . 
   full hall of concerned parents no the german article that 's cited by the independet actually states that it was a protest organized by the npd party and many of the protesters were not even residents of bad schlema . 
   this is your invention . 
  you do n't know exactly . 
  so no , i do n't know * exactly * what went down , but everyone itt assuming the worst-case scenario , because it fits their stereotypes , even though it 's by far not the most likely one . 
  for all we know , nothing has happened there at all and the man is just a rascist who does n't want foreigners around his grandchildren . 
  my own grandma on one side is like that and a black man peacefully standing by the side of the street minding his own business is enough to grind her gears ( probably cause she was fed a lot of nazi propaganda as a child ) . 
  but i 'm not trying to argue with the truth of his statement . 
  and according to what he said , the scenario i came up with is simply the most plausible one . 
  ah yes , stupid me , did n't know what year it was . 
  i must have forgotten all those times that local politicians from remote small towns made world wide news with a stupid comment . 
  see the point is , he is clearly talking about underage asylum seekers and nobody said anything about rape . 
  he said `` anp\u00f6beln '' which i 'd translate as being `` dissed '' / `` cussed out '' or maybe `` verbally abused '' , but he clearly means that they 're making inappropriate comments . 
  so what do we have there : some of the foreign boys who live there at the gym making inappropriate comments to girls who are probably about the same age . 
  what does r/europe make of it ? 
  dirty migrants trying to rape a 10 year old girl on her way to school . 
  e : the independent corrected the information in the article after i informed them about their mistake . 
  mayor * of an unimportant small town * . 
  this is r/europe . 
  excuse my ignorance , but i was n't aware that every stupid statement by local small town politicians is important european-wide news now . 
  the real news is a protest by the npd ( fascists ) crashing a local council meeting and partly acting like drunk hooligans . 
  ... but you can count on r/europe to turn it in a massive circlejerk and make it look like some historic event . 
  and nevermind the fact , that he said his granddaughter is in 10th grade , not 10 - so might have even been around the same age , but better make the asylum seekers look like real pedophiles , too , while we 're at it , shall we ? 
  which media ? 
  i 've never come across positive coverage of statements like this . 
  e : ... or you know , instead of giving an example , just downvote me . 
  this is what 's really scary about that story . 
  some of these people are acting like hooligans at a soccer game . 
  the linked [ german article ] ( http://www.freiepresse.de/lokales/erzgebirge/aue/buergermeister-droht-ich-rufe-die-polizei-artikel9419751-1.php ) goes much more into detail , saying that it was a protest organized by the npd ( nazi party ) and many of the people who showed up at the * gemeinderatsitzung * ( note : this was supposed to be a council meeting , not a public town hall event ) were n't even from bad schlema . 
  the independent did some lazy research there , eating up the right wing interpretation of the events and so does r/europe . 
  so the unimportant mayor of a remote small town made a really stupid statement ? 
  not really big news , but you can count on r/europe to turn it in a massive circlejerk and make it look like some historic event . 
  and nevermind the fact , that he said his granddaughter is in 10th grade , not 10 - so might have even been around the same age , but better make the asylum seekers look like real pedophiles , too , while we 're at it , shall we ? 
  e : is there any better confirmation than downvotes for interrupting the circlejerk ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i 'm gon na jump on your request and add that i 'd be interested in book recommendations on the subject . 
  i 'd be especially interested in a thorough and balanced account from the historical roots of the conflict to the present to get me started on the subject . 
  imagine we were all told that these people had taken some other drug . 
  nobody would think it 's funny or ok . somebody throws up on the street , because they 're drunk ? 
  `` haha , seems like he had a little too much fun . '', 
  somebody throws up , because they 've taken drugs ? 
  `` filthy scum ! '',
