  for a second there i thought that they wanted to pay merkel minimum wage ... 
  they exist since 1987 ... 
  a kid had to be sacrificed for the government to wake up . 
  i hope they all rot in jail . 
  as far as you know . 
  coming out of the closet is not really an option in many countries, 
  you basically said the same thing, 
  this is great, 
  even juice does n't like ugly fruit :(, 
  please make this happen in germany . 
  i get throttled after 300mb and i can only get an upgrade to 1gb ... no unlimited . 
  so i do n't upgrade because ... fuck them, 
  baskets of cut hands ... 
  reminds me of what is happening in the north of greece with the canadian gold mining company `` el dorado '' this subject was raised in the canadian parliament : http://antigoldgr.wordpress.com/2013/06/03/canadian-mp-niki-ashton-on-eldorado-golds-greek-mining-projects/ you can read more here : http://antigoldgr.wordpress.com/, 
  a bit of both, 
  the only difference is that they are the baby-boomers . 
  and this never happened before in the history, 
  indeed !, 
  bbc did and still does a great job !, 
  you could add fawlty towers , alo alo , red dwarf ... . 
  exactly . 
  i could make a similar graph with selected states, 
  well , they do try to sell you awful products, 
  ah yes , the famous london concentration camp, 
  hey you lousy tourist , are n't you austrian ? 
  i 'm aaaa ... german !, 
  bloody germans !!!, 
  if you this is the latest forecast then it was made in april . 
  next one is in october . 
  a few things have changed since , especially for emerging economies, 
  people can feel safe knowing that all the criminals are in prison ... right ? 
  i am greek working in germany . 
  for most of the time i do n't feel the need to ever learn german . 
  only geographically . 
  eastern-european countries are basically the ex-communist countries, 
  i think they have , unfortunately , bigger problems at this point than recycling . 
  definetly el is what people identify most . 
  greece comes from the latin name . 
  from wikipedia : the names for the nation of greece and the greek people differ from the names used in other languages and cultures . 
  although the greeks call the country hellas or ellada ( greek : \u0395\u03bb\u03bb\u03ac\u03c2 or \u0395\u03bb\u03bb\u03ac\u03b4\u03b1 ) and its official name is the hellenic republic , in english it is referred to as greece , which comes from the latin term graecia as used by the romans , which literally means ` the land of the greeks ' , and derives from the greek name \u0393\u03c1\u03b1\u03b9\u03ba\u03cc\u03c2 . 
  however , the name hellas is sometimes used in english as well . 
  from the wiki page on iso 2 country codes : the european commission generally uses iso 3166-1 alpha-2 codes with two exceptions : el ( not gr ) is used to represent greece , and uk ( not gb ) is used to represent the united kingdom . 
  [ 11 ] this notwithstanding , the official journal of the european communities specified that gb and gr be used to represent the united kingdom and greece respectively . 
  [ 12 ] for vat administration purposes , the european commission uses el and gb for greece and the united kingdom respectively . 
  my bad on the other countries, 
  croatia deviates by being hr ( hrvatska ) , austria by being \u00d6s ( \u00d6sterreich ) and so one . 
  check here : http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/index.php/glossary:country_codes, 
  eu follows more the countries ' wishes . 
  both are standards , depends which one you want to follow, 
  not in eu they are not . 
  for croatia it is hr for hrvatska and for greece it is el for ellada have a look here http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/index.php/glossary:country_codes, 
  the average driver does not speak on the phone , is drunk , stoned ... the millions and millions of drivers who are sober and serious can be pretty reliable . 
  that said , i do hope that autopilots come as the very few shitty drivers are the ones that get killed/kill, 
  yeah , we are number one in something  i 'll start smoking to make sure we do n't loose our spot, 
  for the same reason that germany is de and spain is es, 
  reminds me of greece 's own highway connecting thessaloniki to athens . 
  i am 31 and all my life i remember it being under construction, 
  i am pretty sure that even though their servers are in europe they are bound to comply with us authorities since they are based in the us ... no ? 
  talking about germany ... . gema ... fucking gema, 
  to be realistic most of the internet is us based or has backups in the us . 
  facebook , twitter , google , apple , hotmail , yahoo , dropbox ... . 
  yes , let 's all create our own domain and only send emails around , that will solve the problem, 
  how did samaras not win fairly ? 
  this is democracy . 
  people vote . 
  like berlusconi or bush . 
  erdogan did not make a coup like a dictatore . 
  no but they did vote the government ( they = turkish citizens ), 
  come on , let 's be honest . 
  greece has amazing food and is known for many many things . 
  bread is not one of them . 
  it is boring and after 1 day you can throw it against the wall . 
  yes , baking your own is a solution but if you try and buy some , unless you pay a lot , it is good for one day . 
  but , that is my experience . 
  nicos sampson made a coup to gain power and only after 5 days did turkey invaded the island ( after trying to invade once more 6 years earlier ) . 
  and both parties were killing each other so not really a genocide . 
  after the invasion 180,000 greek-cypriots had been evicted from their homes in the north . 
  at the same time , around 50,000 turkish cypriots moved to the areas under the control of the turkish forces . 
  many more have come since . 
  so turkey had to bring turks from the mainland because there were not enough turkish cypriots, 
  i do n't like grey break too much as it is rather dry . 
  i am greek and greeks do n't really have good breads . 
  but germany has so many different ones . 
  one of my favorite ones is [ kornbrot ] ( http://www.mpreis.at/uploads/tx_templavoila/mein_korn_brot_irrtum.jpg ), 
  the usa can print money . 
  and usd have much much much much more value than chinese yuans or russian rubles . 
  well , to be fair , the usa are really not likely to go bankrupt . 
  if you look at it realistically and not on paper the usa will always manage to not get bankrupt . 
  so aaa it is, 
  greek keyboard is based on qwerty, 
  they are talking about broadband , not internet speeds in general edit : by broadband i mean cable or dsl or whatever not cellphone, 
  yes , german bread is really good . 
  i live in frankfurt for more than 7 years . 
  also my work allows me to travel a lot and try food from other countries . 
  i am not an expert but what i said is my opinion and of most foreigners i know . 
  germany has a central-north type cuisine . 
  not many vegetables and lots of meat , potatoes and they fry stuff a lot . 
  so pretty low on the best cuisine . 
  i mean , what are they famous for ? 
  apart for sausages ?
