this can by applied in many many touristic places . 
  this summer i was driving around greece and went to visit ouranoupolis ( the town just outside of mount athos ) all the shop owners spoke fluent russian and many of the people working there were russians who spoke a bit of greek . 
  it was pretty weird but just shows how much russian tourism brings . 
  also they were complaining about the change in visa requirements from greece ( from the embargo ), 
  exactly , is n't that the point of `` per capita '' to capture the relative homicides ? 
  so `` there are less people '' is anything but an explanation, 
  they point is that the colour chosen for '' < 25w per person '' and no-data is very similar . 
  that 's it really, 
  no data --  countries which you do n't have any data for like non-eu countries for example, 
  i 'm pretty sure that under communism people were consuming way less energy than now . 
  not everyone had 2 tv sets a bunch of pcs , a car , washing machines , big fridges ... 
  so demand does change dramatically . 
  got to love your energies . 
  to be fair he did n't touch the balkans nor eastern europe so ... 
  it 's a comedy sketch . 
  not a political statement . 
  also , greece has many islands and is scarcely populated . 
  so , it 's a lot more expensive to provide high speed internet, 
  you mean god particle / s, 
  i dream of this . 
  why could n't i get a slovenian plan for my phone ( for example ) ? 
  but then , who takes care of updating/upgrading the towers ? 
  the cia world factbook doens ' t offer any kind of ordering . 
  just a list of biggest exports . 
  it is wrong to think that the first in the list is the most important, 
  the oec is ordering by percentage of total gdp . 
  from most contributing to less contributing . 
  the cia world factbook has no categorising whatsoever . 
  just a list of major exports . 
  the whole map is wrong . 
  i do n't know where they took their facts, 
  it is still wrong . 
  look at greece : http://atlas.media.mit.edu/profile/country/grc/ just because food and beverages are top of the list in the cia world factbook does not mean they are the most important . 
   there are no beardless women here sounds like portugal to me, 
  yeah that should make all the suffering and loss go away !, 
  honest question , but why do you want to join the euro ? 
  my wife is polish and i am greek . 
  i personally think you guys are better off with your own currency . 
  at least for now . 
  yes but most people do n't know that . 
  i work in germany in a multi-cultural company and by god the romanian girls are among the prettiest if not the prettiest . 
  edit : obviously every time someone says `` xxx country has the prettiest girls '' there are tons of exceptions . 
  we are talking about a whole country . 
  but in the xxx country you will find that girls are generally better looking as 1 ) genetics 2 ) they do n't eat until they burst 3 ) they take care of themselves ( hair , nails ... ), 
  where can i mail you some food ? 
  we all need to do our part, 
  or belgian embassy ... 
  i would go for hookers !!!, 
  break all mirrors , shit is about to hit the fan in germany, 
  [ eastern european men school ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5uzu58n-sso ), 
  a yes , the famous `` mind bogglingly large hadron collider '', 
  outside the eu ? 
  go to greece and you can find this in many places . 
  hint : i am greek, 
  but jobs still being cut ... fantastic ... 
  greece number one exporter of natural gas . 
  all other countries have inferior natural gas . 
  how did they know exactly his name and how many restaurants he skipped and still was not imprisoned ? 
  weird ... 
  still , without gema there would n't have been a problem . 
  as will the catalans, 
  same goes for grappa/raki/etc ... 
  you do drink much more vodka then most other eu countries though ( married to a polish ) . 
  but your point is valid . 
  - sir , we are digging through gold coins at this point - so we reached liechtenstein ... 
  what about russia ? 
  do you know every district of russia ? 
  should we know them ? 
  russia is far bigger then the us, 
  germany has states as well . 
  they are not countries . 
  russia has no states even though it is the biggest country . 
  states = / = countries however you turn it, 
  i do n't understand this article . 
  eurozone ministers are losing patience with greece over what ? 
  no explanation given whatsoever, 
  dey took er gdp !!, 
  actually hungary might have the most roma as you say ( data need to be given ) but as you can see [ from this map ] ( http://web.worldbank.org/wbsite/external/countries/ecaext/extroma/0,,contentmdk:20339787~menupk:904252~pagepk:64168445~pipk:64168309~thesitepk:615987,00.html ) bulgaria and romania have the highest percentage of roma per population . 
  still i do n't see how this is a new issue . 
  and ? 
  this couple had different ids and passports and had as many as 15 children registered as their children . 
  they were criminals and were investigated as such . 
  my best friend is a brussels lobbyist  i love and hate him :p, 
  lol, 
  france can be the most dangerous and the least dangerous team . 
  bring it on !, 
  it 's way more expensive to sterilise then just kill them ... 
  i doubt they will go for the first option, 
  why would turkey not want to get money from europe ? 
  just because they ca n't join does not mean they can not profit, 
  who could throw away greek food ???!!!?? 
  yeah maybe you are right on that . 
  a really poor decision shadows all the good things he did . 
  a big part around frankfurt is not depreciating because of the new terminal and planes routes . 
  it was an al qaeda group so yeah , savages, 
  i 'm pretty sure that all al qaeda members are savage pigs . 
  read the article first before acting like a clown . 
  i was actually thrilled when he was first elected . 
  he seems like a refreshing change . 
  but like all things , expectations were not met .
