   for russians there you have it, 
  at this point with thousands of hours of video documentaries and photos and documents it is really difficult to bend the history of wwii, 
  holly hell that was really confusing . 
  i was like `` what is there to understand ? 
  and who are we that need to understand them ? '', 
  browsing / r/europe and seing posts about neanderthals does not help at all, 
  quite a few german companies are being involved in scandals abroad ( like siemens ) but to be honest every country has companies that are involved with scandals abroad . 
  so what i mean is : it 's not only 1 german company . 
  but it 's not fair to say anything against germany since every country has that . 
  `` we came to see more female bare legs '' - said nassir a 25y old afghan ( this is a joke off course ), 
  not sure if you are trolling me ... once they enter greek waters they are in greece . 
  does n't matter if you put a fence around all the greek islands and greek mainland coast , they are already in greek waters and are therefore the responsibility of greece . 
  well greece has already closed boarders with turkey , but only on land with the fence . 
  you ca n't close maritime boarders ... 
  ai n't no fence for water . 
  but once granted asylum in slovenia , ca n't they just fuck off to germany ? 
  lol romania and russia are orthodox , do n't know if you knew this . 
  also , that happens a lot in greece as well . 
  and if i had to guess i bet that it happens in bulgaria as well . 
  which part of `` they would stay in the refugee camps in turkey '' you do n't understand ? 
  they are coming from turkey , a peaceful country so far , they are not flying from syria directly to greece . 
  and it 's in the trip from turkey to greece that they often drown . 
  er ... you do know that refugees read the news . 
  when merkel says that we will accept all migrants than the influx of them increases . 
  they wo n't risk their life if they knew that europe wo n't accept all of them . 
  they would stay in the refugee camps in turkey, 
  it 's because of all the beautiful women . 
  too much to handle . 
  please do n't hurt me !, 
  sad but true, 
  it 's a joke ... 
  `` let 's paint this part of the cliff white and call it a monastery '', 
  they are registered . 
  they have their prints taken and so on . 
  but before entering hungary they pass through non-schengen areas . 
  let 's also not forget the responsibility [ of the dutch in the massacre . 
  they were never sentenced in any way ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutchbat ) edit : things are not black and white i know but mistakes had been done , like when you hand the town to the serbs and exchange gifts and smiles : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-tqcqzdfnkc, 
  ( pl + cz + sk + hu ) * women = the world is not ready for that . 
  the last paragraph explains it all . 
  greece is benefiting from all the tourmoil in the middle east . 
  2 days ago i posted a [ thread about the riots in lesbos and the thread was deleted ] ( http://imgur.com/a/g0dhf ) what the hell mods ?? 
  that escalated quickly, 
  turks invaded cyprus , not the other way around, 
  the data reports on the quarter up to june . 
  april , may , june ... 
  so ... winter ? 
  and by summer you mean spring . 
  which is usually calmer than summer eidt : for those confused `` the nation 's gross domestic product increased by 0.8 per cent in the three months to june from the previous quarter '' = = = =  april , may , june, 
  i am not saying that it will . 
  but when people point out that `` greece will get more and more indebted '' and the reply is `` well would you prefer for greece to leave the euro ? '', 
  then that is the answer i give . 
  well if it is inevitable to collapse than why not collapse now ? 
  it all depends how you see it . 
  people will follow you around asking for money, 
  which part of `` greeks agree to almost all points '' is difficult to understand . 
  i get it that the news only show that greeks did n't agree but did you ever ask yourself on which points they did n't agree ? 
  i do n't like the current government but agreeing to whatever we are proposed is wrong and has been proven to be wrong ( imf already stated that measures were too strong and counter-productive ) greece know that they need to change and want to . 
  but not to have austerity just for the sake of austerity, 
  the problem is that greeks never said it was not their fault . 
  i do n't even know where people take that from . 
  they know things need to change and that was my point . 
  but a lot of proposed measures will not bring growth and instead will make greece ow more money in the long run . 
  so what is really the point ? 
  just to punich greece if in the end there will be no growth anyway ? 
  that is the point only . 
  either you let greece fall or try to really help greece . 
  do n't propose half measures they wo n't have any effect and will in the contrary bring more harm . 
  greece agreed to almost all of the conditions except a very few . 
  i will try to give you some examples . 
  they want us to privatize our water and electricity companies . 
  those companies are generating revenue for greece . 
  they are some of the few things that really work in greece and are actually bringing money to the greek coffers . 
  we [ privatized ] ( http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/fdec445c-0378-11e3-980a-00144feab7de.html#axzz3fdhtjezt ) our lucky games company opap . 
  that company was very very successful under greek management . 
  and it was the first company to be requested to be privatized . 
  so there goes revenue that greece will never see again because we had to privatize in order to repay our debt . 
  in the meantime debt just grew and we have less income ... greece needs reform and has done a lot of it . 
  but some reforms are counter-productive . 
  then again nobody really cares because we fucked up and fair enough !, 
  it 's easy to see it this way and to some extent it is . 
  but what greeks are thinking is rather : - austerity measures are killing our country . 
  so either we find a deal that will actually help greece grow and pay back the debt ( instead of bringing more recession ) or we achieve the inevitable now and revert to our own currency and accept austerity measures without foreign institutions dictating us what to do . 
  i know we all think `` greece fucked up and must pay . 
  end of story '' but either you want to help greece and really help ( which means austerity measures that foster growth and not recession ) or do n't help at all . 
  i am not good at expressing myself but i think i got the main message across . 
  no , they do n't have to . 
  if they do greece is finished and is a really big burden and responsibility for ecb to take . 
  ecb 's role is not polotical but purely technical . 
  there will be still negotiations . 
  opaaaa !, 
  yes , it really is a bad thing . 
  lepen is an extremist and supporting an extremist to fight another is never ever a good idea . 
  well greece had 110 populated islands , you ca n't expect a off them to be full of tourists, 
  indeed , key word here is reasonable . 
  no point of having austerity if it brings no growth . 
  imf said that they are willing to give greece a haircut . 
  everyone is ready to give greece a haircut . 
  they just need to agree on the austerity measures . 
  i think what cohiban means is : i do n't understand why `` it should be non-enforcable unless you break anonymity of their users . '', 
  it is possible to enforce this law without breaking anonymity .
