  and i do n't think that for anybody with a basic computer skills should be a problem to type polish names , saying nothing of that lot of polish letters are similiar to lithuanian . 
  srsly read the whole discussion, 
  oh , if you knew other meaning of word `` pedal '' in polish you would n't be so surprised . 
  so you telling me that they knew he was a thread before and still were n't able to prevent him killing innocent old man ? 
  so what ? 
  please do n't tell me that problem with polish language was settled down , because it 's just not true . 
  polish miority in lithuania is persecuted, 
  wow what a great response . 
  maybe another time they should try to prevent those things to happen . 
  i 'm talking about towns where is living polish majority or substantial minority according to european law there should be signs with bilingual towns names . 
  i guess only germany would have significant number of emigrant winners, 
  if you add winners with polish origins then poland will have 30 winners . 
  mostly polish jews but not only . 
  yeah , but what about bilingual towns name ? 
  [ like this ] ( http://static.prsa.pl/images/a915f025-cd50-42e3-9864-2d06d925b0da.jpg ) or [ this ] ( http://i.wp.pl/a/f/jpeg/26670/punsk2.jpeg ), 
  so it 's mean that polish names still ca n't appear on sign posts ? 
  so nothing had changed ? 
  hey give poles those damn signs with twons names !, 
  according to un only 1 of 5 `` refugees '' is actually from syria . 
  all parties have pledge to honour this aggrements . 
  that 's the point of aggrements . 
   no that is the west being betrayed . 
  by whom ? 
  of course it was . 
  you just making a fool of yourself and try to whitwash a history . 
  i 'm not even talking about 1939 which was just a clear betrayal and most embarrassing moment in uk and france 's history . 
  let 's forget for a moment about katyn , inviolability of polish borders and so on , but during yalta conference of 1945 western powers guaranteed three things , none of them was fulfilled : 1 . 
  poland should have been an independant , democratic country 2 . 
  new governemnt should have consisted of all political groups from country and from exile 3 . 
  new government should have organized free elections based on universal suffrage and secret ballot , in which should have participated candidates from all democratic parties, 
  cause of the war was to return the status quo ante in europe . 
  czechoslovakia was an independent country before the war so it should be after the war . 
  also czechoslovakia was an allied force and part of an anti-axis coalition not just `` recognised govenment '' . 
  even if czechoslovakia does not count there is always poland , which was truly betrayed . 
  czechslovakia was n't an independant coutry after the war . 
  prime minister and president were murdered by communists . 
  also czechoslovakia became part of soviet union sphere of influence . 
  my point is that czechoslovakia was fighting on the side of allies throughout enitre war, 
  and what about poland or czechoslovakia for example ? 
  do n't argue wtih him , it 's pointless . 
  i 'm also from poland and we have plenty these `` free market '' slave-minded douchbags who think they know everything about economy because they read about keynes and hayek on wikipedia . 
  of course he does n't even know that belarus is stil selling its tractors worldwide . 
  and that almost of all industry in central europe is destroyed , while countires like gemrany , france and so on , still have huge second sector, 
  i can not aggree with you more . 
  the whole eastern europe is just right now a giant labour market , without any real industry and with overgrown service sector, 
  why this was removed ? 
  beautiful film . 
  kaiser would be proud how his lands are now prosperous and well preserved, 
  can you translate all the inscriptions on this poster ? 
  i downvoted this . 
  i live in a town where a is mental hospital , that kind of events just happens sometimes . 
  it 's just a local news . 
  of course that isis is responsible for this new wave of terrorist attacks . 
  it maybe different kind of terrorism but its still a terrorism . 
  funny story is that polish governement took couple hundreds of christian refugees from syria , they got appartments , work , social aid . 
  after a month or two they were all gone and probably went to germany . 
  i always wonder , normally refugee status is not freely handed out , howcome so many of these imigrants are called `` refugee '' ? 
  tomorow in cracow , poland will begin world youth days . 
  we already had one false bomb alarm and police arrested some iraqi guy ... 
   and it has been suggested that in recent years the doctrine has been abandoned by the polish foreign ministry this is typical wikipedia bullshit based on one article , and it can not be erased because it has footnote . 
  there maybe some polish politicans who have different view , but they never were and probably never will be in power . 
  tusk , kaczy\u0144ski , kwa\u015bniewski , sikorski and others polish prominent politics are strongly influenced by this doctrine . 
  why do think kwasniewski was in kiev during orange rev , kaczy\u0144ski in tbilisi , sikorski in kiev on 2014 and so on ? 
  why poland is the main center of support of belarusian independence ? 
  we all owe it to pi\u0142sudski and giedroy\u0107 . 
  i 'm astonished by misconceptions about pi\u0142sudski which i often hear from ukrainians . 
  please let me explain some basics of polish prewar politics . 
  basically in prewar poland there were two concepts about our eastern politic . 
  on one hand was roman dmowski who wants to create strictly ethnic poland ( he had strong antisemitic bias ) , but yet he thought that in the world are stronger and weaker nations . 
  he believed that german nation is stronger than polish , so germany is the main enemy of poland and poland can not enter into any alliance with germany because poland will be quickly overwhelmed by them and will lose its identity . 
  russians in his opinion are not real enemies for poland because polish culture proved its resistant to rusification . 
  lithuanians , belarusian and ukrainians in his eyes were weaker than polish nation nad can be lure to polish culture and after some time will become part of the polish nation . 
  at first his plan was to create state without any ethnic minorites ( something similiar to kemalist turkey ) , but after some time he changed his mind and came to conclusion that poland can `` swallow '' a chunk of eastern europe . 
  so basicaly his was planning to divide ukraine , belarus and lithuania between poland and russia , and then form strong alliance with poland . 
  you can see this [ fairly accurate on this map ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8c/liniadmowskiego.png ) . 
  pi\u0142sudski is very different story . 
  he was born on today 's lithuania , he studied in kharkiv and serve his years on siberia . 
  he was one of the last remnants of polish-lithuanian identity , while dmowski called himself `` modern pole '' and wants to create strong , ethinc polish nationality , pi\u0142sudski was strongly rooted in pre-partition commonwealth . 
  for him the main enemy of poland and all eastern europe was russia , he saw them as asiatic danger for european culture . 
  he even went to japan in 1905 hoping he could find aid in the upcoming polish uprising . 
  he basically wants to rebuild commonwealth as federation of three-four nations . 
  ( his final goal was even more ambitious he wants to create huge confederation of all central and eastern european nations between baltic , black and adriatic see , the so called intermarium ) . 
  his ancestors were fighting in january uprising when polish underground state was using this [ coat of arms ] ( http://cdnphoto.dobroni.pl/foto_news/powstanie_styczniowe_symbol_x3457.jpg ) , as you can see it consists symbols of poland , lithuania-belarusia and ruthenia-ukraine . 
  i posted couple days ago a map presenting [ how pi\u0142sudski imagined the eastern europe ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/4u8eb6/intermarium_federal_state_of_eastern_european/ ) . 
  as you can see the eastern border of poland was not very far from lwow . 
  this federal state supposed to consist four independent states with poland as leading nation . 
  but this were concepts and they are rarely come true in entirety . 
  pi\u0142sudski is often considered as a sole leader of polish state . 
  but that is not entirely true . 
  he was chief of polish state from 11 november 1918 to 20 february 1919 and he regain almost full power after coup d'etat of 1926 . 
  between his 1919 and 1926 his influence on polish politics was still strong but he must share a power with elected government usually composed of dmowski 's followers . 
  so in reality polish politics in years 1919-26 was a mixture of pi\u0142sudski 's plans and actions ( he was the leader of polish army ) and executive and aggrements concluded by dmowski and his followers . 
  after polish-ukrainian war was made a peace with petlura and polish-ukrainian border was moved farther to the east but simultaneously all other former polish lands in ukraine were renounced . 
  pilsudski concept finally failed when lithuanians refused to take part in union with poland and polish and ukrainians troops were crushed in ukraine on summer of 1920 . 
  during peace talks with soviets they insists that ukrainian state can not be independent ( they only recognized ukrainian soviet republic ) so polish delegation had no other option but to divide ukraine in two parts . 
  pilsudski considered this as a personal failure and had guilt towards petlura and others ukrainian officers . 
  knowing that his concept lay in ruins he decided to capture polish regions of lithuania with vilnius . 
  as you can see we can say that in the end the concept of dmowski prevailed . 
  but pi\u0142sudski never resigned from idea of creation non-soviet ukrainian state . 
  he was supporting ukrainian emigration and government of ukrainian people 's republic in warsaw and founded ukrainian scientific institute in warsaw .
