  after the union the representatives of grand duchy were included into the polish parliament , which since then become a parliament of `` both nations '' . 
  the senate was the upper house and compromised 142 dignitares , among them catholic bishops , royal ministers , provincial governors , castellans and so on . 
  the king itself led the senate 's session and his representative was a grand royal marshal . 
  all of the senators were appointed by the king and senate should be primarly an advisory body , so among them king appointed several permanent advisors , since the senate itself gathered only in times of sejm . 
  the most important senator was archbishop of gniezno , a primate of poland , who held a position of `` interrex '' after king 's death . 
  the sejm consists of around 190 deputies gathered on 6-week long sessions every two years . 
  all of them were elected during `` sejmik '' ( little sejm ) , which was held in every land or powiat of plc , and send to sejm with specified instructions , how they should vote on particular matters . 
  the king can not pas any law without approval of entire sejm , especially in matter of taxation , budget and foreign policy . 
  it was builded before the war, 
  modernist monumentalism it was just commie or nazi thing back then, 
  wonder where the sejm 's were held before 1928 ? 
  royal castle , grand theatre ? 
  nice to know you read some polish authors, 
  oun was couple hundreds of fanatics , and you are talking as they were somehow entire ukrainian nation, 
  lmao , two totally different things . 
  you should rather compare it to polish conservatives ( try google stronnictwo polityki realnej ) or even democratic nationalist , which were trying to achieve some kind of autonomy or even dual polish-russian state . 
  i 'm not even mentioning about polish politicians in galicia which were over all pretty happy with the current state of affairs . 
  pilsudski was actually an exception most of polish elite and society was strongly against any active efforts to achieve immediate independence , i think the sane goes with most of ukrainian elite in polish second republic . 
  also i think that at least part of them was hoping to rebuild ukrainian popular republic in cooperation with poland in the upcoming war with soviets, 
  wilhelm ii was such a short-sighted man that he is a single best argument against monarchy, 
  bandera was trying to kill people he was trying to achieve polish-ukrainian aggrement , ukrainians mostly , like ivan babij , which is discusting . 
   from 1921 to 1939 uvo and oun carried out 63 known assassinations : 36 ukrainians ( among them one communist ) , 25 poles , 1 russian and 1 jew . 
  [ 16 ] this number is likely an underestimate , because there were likely unrecorded killing in rural regions, 
  no , pi\u0142sudski was a terrorist , i never said he was n't . 
  my point is , and all historians agree with me , he wasnt involved in the plot to assainate tzar , it was his brother , jozef was innocent , wrong place , wrong time . 
  jozef pilsudski was of course the head of organizacja bojowa , which was very much active during 1905 revolution and after that, 
  j\u00f3zef pi\u0142sudski was n't involved in the plot against tzar, 
  imo if bismarck was still in charge ww1 would never happen , he just know that unification of germany was enough to undermine european stability , also he saw a war as a political tool not a goal itself as kaiser wilhelm . 
  moreover his opus magnum was a three emperors agreement , he would neverlet entente to happen and surely would not encourage ah to provoke russia in balkans, 
  lol what ? 
  pilsudski robbed banks he was n't killing russian ministers or other polish people of different political views , as bandera . 
  none of them stayed out of organized collaboration afaik, 
  no , he should be dead after pieracki 's assassination, 
  as a pole i hate that guy , but yes he was absolutely outstanding politician , surely the best of his generation, 
  czehov or bulhakov , but if you are speaking about political/military leaders catherine the great , witte , brusilov , kutuzov, 
  peace is a peace , also you could say that arafat should n't get a peace award also, 
  vietnamese war ? 
  so you should count hungary 1956 or czechoslovakia 1968 , berlin 1948 and so on , every balkan war , cyprus conflict , real ira , eta , rotten arne fraction , and many other, 
  you do n't get a noble prize for being a nice guy , you get it for achieving peace , ending some ongoing conflict, 
  more like economic one, 
  they just want to qualify at this point, 
  so space wars this time, 
  we demand corridor to ireland !!!, 
  so both polish states could be united !, 
  about dying in stable it 's probably realted to polish cavalary the best one at that times, 
  easy to die by the sword if you do nothing about it, 
  well yeah sure full blockade of both baltic and black sea fleets would be a piece of a cake, 
  hey sweden !, 
  take an example !, 
  * cry with golden liberty 's tears *, 
  germans ? 
  hitler himself did not know a thing, 
  yea they were , things like cristal night or night of the long knives , konzentrationslager were known in entire europe, 
  the point is to quickly overrun kalingrad oblast and get domination on baltic sea, 
  someone 's is calling [ serenissima respublica poloniae ] ( http://przemeknawrocki.com/!files/max3d/husaria/ilustracja.jpg ) ? 
  no , eu can easily protect itself against russia in conventional war , they maybe would have some succes at the begining and probably would conquer baltics , but that 's all , i really do n't think they would be able to go as far as to warsaw, 
  man , i must go to prague one day , i know our neighbours far less than i should, 
  oh man , let 's die together defending our principles, 
  or [ albert of saxony ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/albert,_margrave_of_meissen_ ( 1934 % e2 % 80 % 932012 ), 
  just declare war on germany and surrender , 
  oh come on man , you can not be serious , the crimes and atrocities of nazis were well known in that era, 
   freed the prisoners and together with them went on to do the nazi thing ... 
  i chuckled ... 
  i would always die for a good kebab , my friend, 
  early modernist fascination of cars , mobility and modern infrastructure baffles me every time . 
  they really thought that giving car access to everywhere was a magical solution and great idea in general, 
  202 years ago congress poland , semi-dependent polish state at the influence of russia tzardom was created, 
  jfk , born on the fourth of july , wall street ... come man , even if he is a propagandist he is the best one, 
  just like sanders, 
  this anti-establishment sentiment is one of the most ridiculous one , first of all if you really were n't from establishment you could n't be appointed as a presidential candidate , but even if you manage to do so , you would be a part of establishment after couple months of bring in power , just ex definitione, 
  just like corbyn in uk, 
  being neoliberal former member of socialist governement ... you know , kinds speaks for itself, 
  uk is more political elite fault than voters, 
  lucky or left without a real choice ? 
  afaik le pen and melenchon were radicals , socialists were discredited , pretty much the same goes with republicains ... macron was just the savest choice . 
  i think we live in europe of savest choices, 
  is n't macron overhyped ? 
  i mean yeah he is young , he is dynamic and handsome , but let 's be serious his biggest advantage is that he is n't le pen ... his political views are somewhat unspecified , before the election he was considered as a boring and convenient joice . 
  i 'm not saying he can not be a good leader , but is he one already ? 
  he is often compared with obama , but i do n't see any similiarity, 
  sadly looks like not many of them survived to our time ( damn you swedes ! ), 
  any other castles in lithuania ? 
  well but saying that the name is just a coincidence is false , because it 's an obvious reference, 
  latin name of the city is aquae grani or aquisgranum, 
  of course not a coincidence . 
  novigrad is a free city , a republic of merchants , it 's obvious that it 's similar to republic of novogrod wielkiy , sapkowski is very knowledgeable in therms of history, 
  yeah szczecin should be in germany , my professor of history once said that before the war in stettin was two poles : consul and his driver , 
  lol shame on imperialst danmark , try conqer it, 
  rightful german clay, 
  shut up a take my money !, 
  rome is probably most important city in european history , capital of roman empire , roman catholic church and now italian state, 
  yeah there are places even in poland that still cares celtic names like town legnica which derived from celtic deity lugos, 
  saxon palace ... why its still not rebuilded ? 
  i can not find reasonable explanation . 
  there is no urbanism in poland right now . 
  and it 's not a joke sadly . 
  we can say what we want about socialistic infrastructure and urban planning , but we must admit one thing it was `` planning '' . 
  i am certain that people of next generations will look at our time ( especially 90s ) as a black age of urbanism in poland . 
  well if you were traveling from russia to western europe warsaw seemed as a first western city , when you travel in different direction it was first oriental city , just a matter of perspective . 
  talk buildings , modern infrastructure , neoclassicism all was very western , while orthodox churches , eastern jews , bazaars and so on gived an oriental vibe .
