  mickiewicz never visited today 's poland . 
  he was born in today 's belarus , studied in today 's lithuania , lived in moscow , crimea , odessa , dresden , paris , died in constantinople ... 
  but you really ca n't find anybody more polish than him, 
  i would say that distinction between germans and austrians is a bit anachronistic if we talk about premodern times , if someone would call himself austrian in let 's say mid xvi century he probably had in mind that he lives in a duchy of austria which was at that time wiem and soroudings , other parts of today 's austria - styria , carinthia , tyrolia were a independent entities, 
  apart of empire , kingdom , reichstag and so on, 
  key word is later, 
  everybody salty about kopernik , and nobody mention podolski , 
  it 's because it far easier to write long article about schumacher than any historical figure . 
  first of all sources are easier to find , in most cases you just cite web pages , and how many reliable sources about mozart you can find online ? 
  plus i have little knowledge about classic music and i do n't feel capable to write biogram of mozart or bethoven , while in case of schumacher i would feel far more able to write an article . 
  it just easier . 
  half of the page could be just list of his trophies , starts , records and so on, 
  it 's showing nothing more other than that football fans are very active on english wikipedia . 
  look at other countries , like italy , even we have listed podolski, 
  why marie antoinette should be listed as a french woman ? 
  donald tusk 's appointment as president of the european council in 2014 seemed to complete poland 's journey to the heart of the european union . 
  a decade after poland led the accession of eight former soviet-bloc countries , its prime minister was elevated to one of the most senior posts in brussels . 
  the job involves chairing summits of european leaders and forging compromise from their debates . 
  at first some thought mr tusk operated more like a polish prime minister than a consensus-seeking european . 
  but most came round as he coolly shepherded the eu through the greek bail-out , the refugee crisis and britain 's brexit vote . 
  his election to a second two-and-a-half-year term at an eu summit on march 9th looked like a formality . 
  instead , mr tusk found his own country blocking his path , and a polish political psychodrama imported to brussels . 
  beata szydlo , poland 's prime minister , circulated a letter to her fellow heads of government that more or less accused mr tusk of treason . 
  `` he used his eu function to engage personally in a political dispute in poland , '' she wrote . 
  ( this may refer to a speech mr tusk made in wroclaw last year calling on the government to respect the constitution . ), 
  ms szydlo nominated jacek saryusz-wolski , an obscure member of the european parliament , to replace mr tusk . 
  in the end the matter came to a vote , an unusual development in a forum that prefers to settle such matters by acclamation . 
  despite speculation that hungary , which often sides with poland , might support the gambit , mr tusk was re-elected by 27 votes to one . 
  ms szydlo responded by sulkily blocking the summit 's conclusions on matters such as trade and defence , an act without legal significance . 
  animosity between mr tusk and jaroslaw kaczynski , who as head of the ruling law and justice ( pis ) party is the true leader of poland , has been brewing for over a decade . 
  mr kaczynski absurdly blames mr tusk for a plane crash in smolensk in 2010 that killed his twin brother lech , then poland 's president . 
  by smearing his arch-enemy as a traitor , mr kaczynski may hope to reduce mr tusk 's chances of ever returning to domestic politics . 
  in the eyes of pis and its supporters , mr tusk and his centre-right civic platform party exemplify a post-communist elite that sold out polish interests after 1989 . 
  a histrionic video published by pis this month blames mr tusk for destroying poland 's shipbuilding industry . 
  the strong relationship mr tusk forged with germany as prime minister has been turned against him . 
  witold waszczykowski , the foreign minister , said the vote in brussels proved that the eu is `` under berlin 's diktat '' . 
  advertisement a similar level of paranoia could be traced behind the polish government 's decision , on march 14th , to approve an amendment to the law on the foreign service . 
  ostensibly the new law will remove those who co-operated with the communist-era security apparatus ; according to the draft , some diplomatic posts abroad resemble skanseny ( open-air museums ) of the communist era , while some diplomats are accused of having `` insufficiently strong bonds with the polish state '' . 
  in reality , if the law is adopted by parliament , the effect will be much broader : all foreign-ministry employees ' contracts will be terminated in six months . 
  only those offered new ones , according to unspecified criteria , will stay on . 
  it could thus become far easier for pis to stuff the foreign service with loyalists or those keen on its more confrontational foreign policy . 
  the amended law states that the service 's role is to `` protect poland 's sovereignty '' , which echoes ms szydlo 's calls to stand up to brussels . 
  even if the foreign service does not end up exclusively staffed by pis cronies , the change would permanently politicise a fairly neutral institution . 
  pis has pursued a worrying policy of polarisation since winning the election in 2015 . 
  mr kaczynski 's government portrays its political opponents as enemies of the state . 
  its purges of official institutions aim to cement pis 's own vision of the post-1989 revolution , and have turned state media into a mouthpiece of the regime . 
  the tactics appear to be working : the government dominates opinion polls . 
  poland is drifting ever further from the european mainstream . 
  from energy to climate to the preparations for a big eu summit in rome this month , diplomats and officials describe a government that is becoming increasingly hard to work with . 
  some urge the commission to trigger article 7 of the eu treaty , the as-yet unused `` nuclear option '' that could see poland 's eu voting rights suspended . 
  the government will be the first victim of the futile diplomatic to-do it provoked ; it can hardly expect generous treatment in the forthcoming negotiations over the eu budget , for example . 
  after his re-election , mr tusk warned that burned bridges can not be crossed again . 
  but mr kaczynski appears to be in the grip of full-blown pyromania . 
  copy paste ? 
  we know all of this , but it really were just two different wars . 
  first of all german attitude towards dutch or french people was very different than towards poles or other slavic nations ( with maybe ukrainians and croats as a exception , though their fate was still far worse than french ) . 
  i can give you numerous examples , but that 's not the point here . 
  my point is that people often are critical towards eastern europeans because of their `` shameful '' behaviour during ww2 . 
  but in reality they are just projecting their nation war time situation on eastern part of continent . 
  yeah i know all of this , keep looking there is even more errors in my post !, 
  [ as i said it just uncomparable ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wola_massacre ), 
  i think we like to build big churches [ in central europe , it 's just our thing ] ( http://www.lichen.pl/userfiles/images/panoramiczne ( 2 ) . jpg ), 
   same logic can be applied to every nazi occupied country in ww2 . 
  ekhm ... not to poland, 
  destroyed by nazis ? 
  what nazis ? 
  it 's a bit more complicated . 
  his grandfather j\u00f3zef tusk was a kashubian ( which is a slavic ethinc group stronly connected with polish nationhood but with strong self-identification , also because pomerania was for really long time part of prussia-germany many kashubians were asimilited to german nation ) and a citizen of free state of gda\u0144sk . 
  although he was a active in polish organizations in gda\u0144sk , after the war he became citizen of third reich just like any other citizen of danzig , without any distinction between poles , kashubians or germans . 
  after outbreak of the war he was arrested by gestapo ( as a `` danger polish element '' ) and after that he was an unfree labourer and convict in stutthof and neuengamme concetration camps , he was released in 1943 . 
  when germans started loosing war they decided to concript all male kashubians , so tusk was conscripted in 1944 , between 1944 and 1945 he deserted or was imprisoned by allies . 
  probably he joined polish armed forces in uk . 
  nothing is sure about this , because j\u00f3zef died in 1987 and he did not talk too much about his live during ww2 . 
  it became political issue during 2005 presidential election when memeber of kaczy\u0144ski staff revealed to the press that grandfather of tusk was a memeber of wermacht , everyone who knows something more about ww2 knew that it was nothing exeptional for kashubian or silesian to be conscripted into wermacht , but for the most people it was shocking infromation and surely tusl lost couple votes back then . 
  kaczy\u0144ski of course fired this guy from his staff because poland back then was a much nicer place and things like that were considered as unethical , but the guy - jacek kurski - is now president of polish public televison so here is that, 
  haha good joke about denazification in germany i like that one, 
  he is trying to avoid speaking in german publicly due to the whole wermacht grandpa history, 
  oh here comes the obligatory butthurt rezun again, 
   for latvians it was choosing between two evils and because before this soviets sent thousands of them to siberia the choice was obvious [ but if i 'm to choose between one evil and another , then i prefer not to choose at all ] ( https://youtu.be/sr-dkyavu34?t=80 ), 
  he is fluent in german , so it helps probably a lot, 
  he is fluent in german so it probably helps, 
   do n't pretend there were n't a lot of poles that also loathed the existence of the jews il surprise you they are even today , the difference is nobody is giving them gun today, 
  ukraine , lithuania , france ... 
  this is just a quote from the article , which does not point on any outiside source, 
  hahaha , pis is not a far right party , kaczy\u0144ski may be saying stupid things but he is not a far righter , believe me, 
  yeah it 's ture . 
  but it 's one of many posts about `` polish participation in holocaust '' , while i did n't see any about french , ukrainian , lithuanian , latvian , romanian and so on role in the shoah . 
  which btw was much greater than polish . 
  she is just projecting her own imagination on people that were living in the first half century . 
  holocaust study in poland is really thing from the other dimension . 
  most of the researchers are living in their own reality . 
  they treat their studies as something outside of scientific field , as something between moral studies , metaphysics and new sociological theories . 
  this is really messed up . 
  very often, 
  one thing that often people from western europe or scandinavia can not understand is that one can not really compare occupation of polish and former soviet territories with occupation of the western europe and scandinavia . 
  the situation when entire village was killed for helping jews by one family was really rare but often germans killed also the neighbours or other prominent persons in the village ( like soltys for example ) just to spread terror, 
  seeing the beautiful church like this really hurt my feelings i hope it will be destroyed one day , because it does not fit in our tolerant society, 
  i wonder what are the chances to recreate union , prewar it was prevented by entente , but today ? 
  but there was also something in november if i recall correctly ? 
  is it just me or we have lithuania independence anniversary once a month ?
