  can you provide any sources that could indicate otherwise ? 
  why you are saying about this when we are talking about hymans plan , ?? 
  `` while the treaty was being negotiated and signed , most of the territory by the treaty granted to lithuania was already controlled by bolshevik forces . 
  [ 5 ] as the poles were retreating from western russia , lithuania attempted to secure the borders outlined in the treaty . 
  lithuanian forces crossed the foch line on july 19 , seeking to take control of the territories granted to lithuania by the soviet union , advancing rapidly despite polish protests , and in several cases fighting skirmishes with retreating polish forces . 
  [ 11 ] this led to clashes in southern lithuania over the towns of sejny , august\u00f3w , and suwa\u0142ki . 
  [ 13 ] according to historian piotr lossowski , the lithuanians also provided the soviets with logistical support . 
  [ 11 ] '' `` during september , when the poles had gained an upper hand and were pursuing the soviets back to the east , soviet forces moved through lithuanian-controlled territory at will , but polish forces that tried to pursue them were arrested and interned . 
  [ 11 ] lithuania 's declared neutrality was challenged by poland , which accused lithuania of allowing free soviet passage through its territory . 
  lithuania could not deny this . 
  [ 14 ] the treaty did not create a formal military alliance between the soviets and lithuanians , but diminished lithuania 's standing as a neutral state . 
  [ 8 ] [ 11 ] \u0141ossowski has written that lithuania 's lack of neutrality towards poland was such that `` the polish government could have with full justification treated lithuania as a country participating in the war on the other side , with all of its political and legal implications . 
  '' [ 11 ] historian alfred e. senn wrote that `` the lithuanians can not claim to have been ` strictly neutral ' '' , and that `` the lithuanians should not have been surprised when , at the end of august , warsaw refused to recognize kaunas 's neutrality . 
   eastern poland was there any russian minoirty in eastern poland ? 
  not only on polish territory , but on entire german-soviet border form baltic to black sea, 
  it 's really far more complicated than that . 
  and we are not always a victim , we were doing shitty things in history , it 's just our past 300 years of history, 
  well yeah , but we do n't sign an alliance with in exchange of some piece of land . 
  i 'm not . 
  i 'm just saying that it was a major part of both lithuanian nationalis and lithuanian external and internal policy in interwar era, 
  but you know that it was n't a polish plan imposed on lithuania by polish forces ? 
  it was a league of nations propositions , and as far as i know lithuanian officials did n't have any objections towards to usage of ports ( well it 's something normall in federation ) or how lithuania would be divide ( i do n't know why you call it `` xenophobic and so retarded '' ) , the real issue was a status of vilnius, 
   virtually anyone who could have testified to had been murdered , deported , or fled . 
  lol , no ; do you know something about holocaust studies ? 
  i 'm afraid that you are very biased . 
  let 's take for example france . 
  the petain regime not only adopoted nuremberg laws but also without german help separate its jewish citizen , held them in concentration camp , and later send them to auschwitz . 
  in lithuania holocaust virtually ened in the year 1942 , mostly due to massive collaborations of lithuanian forces and christian civilians . 
  well but in a long term , lithuania would probably end up as another soviet republic in 1921 or 22 i, 
  yeah exactly , that my point . 
  and i do n't think that anti-lithuanian sentiment is playing major role in polish national consciousness . 
  in fact lithuania is rather associated with our common past , mickiewicz and stuff, 
  well first of all , dmowski was very important politican , but he never held power in poland . 
  secondly pilsudski was n't dmowski , in fact both of them were very different , especially in matter of polish forign policy and its borders . 
  dmowski imagined poland as a homogenic country with as few minorites as it 's possible . 
  he also had a `` darwinistic '' views on nations , he consider some nations as stronger than others . 
  for example he consider german nationality as far stronger than polish , so he believed that any alliance between poland and germany would end up in collapse of polish national consciousness . 
  on the other hand he did n't consider russian nation as threat to polish one so he was planning to unite poland and russia . 
  in his opinion lithuanians , ukrainians or belarusian culture was younger than polish and not so `` strong '' so in the right circumstances he thought to this nations or at least part of them could be assimilated . 
  to be clear dmowski is on the whole other political spectrum than i am . 
  and i hear for the first time that he called lithuanian social organization as tribal . 
  but you know that is a number of all jews killed in holocaust , it says nothing about participation of collaborators ? 
  i do n't know about that . 
  i just pointing out that antipolish sentiment was a part of lithuanian nationalism ; it 's not it is something very bad , all modern nationalisms at some point needed to pick some enemy, 
  france , lithuania , latvia , estonia , ukrainians , just from the top of my head, 
  even in the german zone it was very hard to unite all polish underground organizations , so it was almost impossible to gather all of them from both sites of new german-soviet border . 
  moreover if one takes into account the difference between both ocupations , different policies , persecutions and so on, 
   hell before mid 20s poles did n't even consider lithuanians to be a nation , let alone a state . 
  well do you have some sources ? 
  poland did n't recognize a state becuause we were in a state of war , so the same was doing lithuania , but nation ? 
  i hear it for the first time . 
  in all polish censuses there was a lithuanian minority, 
  i do n't understand you comment , read smth about hymans plan , because i think you missing a point, 
  well you kinda did , and it wasnt the first time , you make an alliance with bolsheviks in 1920 . 
  yaeh i still do n't get a point , i know grabowski and his works . 
  and know one is denying that some polish people took part in shoah , but you are saying that poland was a biggest collaborator , and it 's just not true . 
  well from perspective of polish resistance it would be much easier to fight just against one occupation and under one organization . 
  but you know that gda\u0144sk wasn ' r part of poland before war ? 
  what exactly i 'm doing ? 
  `` the lithuanian national revival , which considered the tsarist regime its enemy , soon found another -- polish `` polonizers '' . 
  the growing number of families speaking lithuanian in public as well as demands for celebrating mass in lithuanian in catholic churches aroused opposition among some polish speakers . 
  landowners , defending themselves from what they dubbed `` lithomania '' ( pol . 
  litwomania ) , grew more and more estranged from the lithuanian-speaking villagers , and priests unsympathetic to lithuanian national aspirations came into serious conflict with their parishioners . 
  in 1902 , a priest named adomas jak\u0161tas-dambrauskas published a booklet in polish in which he set forth the aims and programme of the new generation of young lithuanians , and requested that the new generation of young lithuanian gentry also declare clearly whether they considered themselves to be lithuanians or poles . 
  the lithuanian gentry were requested to be conscious and sincere lithuanians , to speak and pray in lithuanian , to love their country and work for its good , to be its leaders , to look after the education and welfare of its people , in other words , to be the salt of lithuania 's earth . 
  the proposal for the lithuanian gentry to become part of the national revival was rejected by poles in vilnius with the publication of a brochure entitled przenigdy ( absolutely never ) , written under the pseudonym dr ludwik czarkowski ; the brochure worsened polish-lithuanian relations . 
  many of the gentry did not understand the aspirations of the lithuanians in general , and considered cooperation with them to be dishonourable . '', 
  ok two parts - kaunas and vilnius . 
  no it was n't . 
  first of all we do n't took it from you , you never had a real control over a city . 
  moreover i would rather expect polish uprising in vilnius than a lithuanian control over a city . 
  ca n't you just admit that it was a polish city ? 
  it 's just was , that 's a fact . 
  prewar gda\u0144sk was far more polish than wilno lithuanian, 
  well , when soviet made an offer you gladly accepted it, 
  well i understand you point of view . 
  according to hymans plan central lithuania would be incorporated to lithuania as a autonomous region , so lithuania would consist of two parts - kaunas-samogitia and vilnus region . 
  but lithuanian officials seen it as a polish `` trojan horse '' . 
  i can not evalute if its fear was justified . 
  i 'm really just looking at a interwar era from today 's perspective , and imo the federation would worked out well for both sides . 
  well when i said that we always were victims ? 
  we were waging wars as others . 
  a while ago you were denying that any anti-polish sentiment exists in prewar lithuania and that lithuania was driven only by anti-russian sentiment . 
   nationalistic well as long as pi\u0142sudski in power i would n't called polish state nationalistic ; you know that polish army could just easily invade lithuania in 1920 ? 
  then i would call it anti-lithuanian act . 
   favourable transition i do n't understand it, 
  may be it is just not yet published . 
  believe it would be published already . 
  either by nazis after 1939 or polish communist governement . 
   well the fact is that polish corridor and danzig was inhabited by germans polish corridor was n't inhabited by german majority , i do n't where get it from, 
  yeah that 's all true . 
  i 'm not saying poland was a angelic state . 
  but you must admit that anti-polish sentiment was constant element of lithuanian prewar policy , especially after coup d'etat, 
  for example : `` after 1926 lithuanian coup d'\u00e9tat , anti-polish government came to power . 
  lithuanization of poles and spread of anti-polish propaganda was usual '' via wiki `` the polish seizure of vilnius ended all discussions about what kind of state lithuania should be -- the historical multinational one or a national ethnic one , with the latter now the only course that appeared to guarantee survival . 
  the lingering threat of absorption by poland created a siege mentality in the lithuanians , strengthening their lithuanian nationalism . 
  anti-polish feelings gradually took on an almost religious fervour . 
  this defensive position influenced lithuanian foreign policy . 
  in that respect , lithuania was not much different from other european nations at that time , except that lithuanian nationalism was not expansionist , it was directed at repelling its expansionist neighbours . '', 
  well it was main reason why afterall the idea was abandoned .
