  or with poland ? 
  stop being a bully and find your place in the world you surely deserve, 
  of course i did n't mean literal starvation lol . 
  but as you said economy of russia is at the level of romania , you are a fallen empire without any real power with exception of the most brutal one , which of course will be less and less important with time passing . 
  country itself is of course wealthy but permanently robbed by its own elite , your leaders are on hand partying in this robbery on the other are controlled by this magnates . 
  every effort and every rubel spended on trying to maintain your vital interest in post soviet area is a tragedy for people living in those territories and also for russian because this money could be spend on their well-being, 
  but it also the point of this kind of surveys , you ask people what is their opinion about some broad subject like russia , television , catholicism , and it depends on them what they associate with this term in the first place , and then what is their opinion about this thing . 
  one can think about putin , other about some russian guy who pissed him off or about russian vodka that he drink last night . 
  then you can actually observe how actions of politicians impact such surveys in a long term, 
  in poland it 's more like central and western part of prewar poland plus silesia vs eastern part of prewar poland plus land annexed after the war with exception of silesia . 
  russia xd geopolitical interest xd really first feed your own people , what a bizzare way of thinking, 
  i also thought of russians as cool people , always far better than their government , but nowadays they seem more dickish , i really hate when they visit other eastern european countries , and they do n't even bother to try speaking language of the country they visit or english , they speak solely in russian , like if they never moved outside of moscow . 
  i am working at warsaw airport and this really pissing me off, 
  religion , both do n't like with turkey , no communist `` friendship '' experience , also maybe some historical thing , like russia probably supported their independence ( comparable with bulgaria ), 
  2015 , the pew research center, 
  kings of poland ? 
  king of poland was basically elected since the death of kazimierz the great , but it was as you said only couple of powerful dudes , and normally election was between members of rulling house . 
  later , after the death of zygmunt august king of poland was elected by all the nobility , which was basically around one million of people . 
  same is with lithuanians , something impressive in the plc history ? 
  good it 's part of our heritage . 
  something went terribly wrong ? 
  it 's all polish fault !, 
  they forced as to do it !!!, 
  minor nations of europe can not really take a responsibility ok for its own history, 
  it 's not about taking a blame , it 's more about responsibility . 
  i do n't think that german history should be a burden on today 's german people that only says : you are bad people , you did a lot of awful things , you should live in shame forever . 
  it should be rather more like : you are by far the strongest and biggest country in europe , you should feel the weight of responsibility , you should n't ever let people like hitler to came to power . 
  if he was so sure about the outcome why excluded large portion of people ? 
  also he probably wanted to gain a time , hoping of west to react, 
  what exactly i need to explain ? 
   by the way , the nazis also never won the absolute majority in free and fair elections in germany . 
  yes if you count also votes casted on deutschnationale volkspartei , which was basically satellite-party of nsdap . 
  my point from the begining is that majority of austrians in prewar period was supporting idea of unification with germany . 
  it 's just a fact . 
  read my other comments , i know better cause i am historian ; i never said that majority supported nazis , i only said they were supporting unification - two different things, 
   although there were irregularities , life in 1938 acknowledged that the results of the referendum and its german counterpart were `` largely honest '' [ 8 ] some postwar accounts claim that the poll was rigged , but there is no evidence that this was necessary it was n't a joke . 
  as wiki says it was n't entirely fair referendum but it was showing more or less the people 's opinion . 
  secondly you should n't identify support of nazi party with the support of unification - two totally different things, 
  in both austria and germany nsdap was n't only party that supported unification, 
  wiki :  the constitutions of the weimar republic and the first austrian republic included the political goal of unification , which was widely supported by democratic parties . 
  in the early 1930s , popular support in austria for union with germany remained overwhelming , and the austrian government looked to a possible customs union with german republic in 1931 . 
   a referendum on the anschluss with germany was held in german-occupied austria on 10 april 1938 , [ 1 ] alongside one in germany . 
  [ 2 ] german troops had already occupied austria one month earlier , on 12 march 1938 . 
  the official result was reported as 99.73 % in favour , [ 3 ] with a 99.71 % turnout . 
  [ 4 ]  although there were irregularities , life in 1938 acknowledged that the results of the referendum and its german counterpart were `` largely honest '' [ 8 ] some postwar accounts claim that the poll was rigged , but there is no evidence that this was necessary . 
  [ 9 ] the result was '' ... the outcome of opportunism , ideological conviction , massive pressure , occasional vote rigging and a propaganda machine that austria 's political culture had never before experienced . 
  '' [ 10 ] the massive pressure to which people were exposed came from the fact that many were marking the ballot paper in front of the campaign workers in order not to be suspected of voting against the anschluss . 
  [ 11 ] the secrecy of the ballot was in practice non-existent . 
  i was just pointing out that there is a huge difference between considering austria and netherlands part of germany, 
  yeah they appear repeatedly almost like boomerangs, 
  he said that austrians were overrepresented in ss , not there were more of them than germans ; also the government was against anschlus and it was done by force , but let 's be honest majority of people supported it, 
  you really do n't see any difference ? 
  first of all language , then history - for centuries vienna was a capital of german empire , until 1848/1871 the idea of united germany was centered around vienna and habsburgs , dominant political forces before war wanted austria to be a part of germany , only provisions of versaille treaty prevented the unification until hitler came to power ... austrians was since the beginning part of greater german natio , that 's just a fact . 
  we can say the same about netherlands , theirs ties with germany were strong but not as strong as austrian, 
  or maybe because there is a difference between countries that were ruled by dictatorships , communist or fascist regimes againtst there will and italy or germany ? 
  i guess you used words which in many languages are derived from other languages , like latin or english , hence you get rather surprising results like albanian similiarity to polish and indonsian . 
  i can not explain these in any other way . 
  very sad news , i am familiar with his name , good player , again sad story, 
  from all the languages ukrainian , czech and slovak are probably the only one i can somewhat understand , other slavic languages are much harder , but albanian ? 
  no sir , not even a word ... 
  it 's actually rather rare surname . 
  but of course it does n't mean that anybody who bare it are related to mighty john iii . 
  the relation between king john iii and leelee is probably only her family legend , it was n't proved in any way . 
  i was under impression that if germans would try to be a bit less racist , and maybe create some kind of mittleeuropa , they actually might win in the east, 
  it 's rahter new thing for us, 
  kulturkampf was established in 1871 the wrze\u015bnia affair was in 1902 , so a bit longer than 4 years ... 
  yeah :  sobieski 's first name , `` liliane '' , was the name of her paternal grandmother . 
  one of her middle names , `` elsveta '' , is derived from `` el\u017cbieta '' , which is the polish equivalent of `` elisabeth '' . 
  her father belongs to one of the oldest and most aristocratic polish families , which include king jan ( john ) sobieski , who liberated vienna from the ottoman turcs in 1683 and swiss ancestry . 
  well , i added nice photo , 
  guy , seriously , you robbed every country you have occupied, 
  i guess , i do not know any story of body of turkish sultan mutilated by christian forces , most of them who died in tragic way was killed by other turks , if you anything more , please share, 
  yeah , guess who is under the horse ... 
  considering what turks used to do with bodies of fallen kings i am not surprised that constantine 's body was hidden, 
  yeah good lad , he supported w\u0142adys\u0142aw warne\u0144czyk in his way to hungarian throne, 
  probably yes , but the men at that time , especially high-born , have a great sense of pride and glory , i frimly believe that constantine was fully believed that he was righthous descendant of roman emperors and he fully aware what is going on - the true fall of roman empire, 
  tell me about it, 
  wtf ? 
  it was only builded on polish land !!!!, 
  romans made them managed them !!!, 
  there is no proof that ceasar himsef knew about these mass killing !, 
  at first i was thining he was actually interested . 
  because i know that foucault could be difficult and may seem hollow at first encounter, 
  exactly is very recent to think that philosopher should be an atheist , many of the greatest philosophers were a believers - kant , fichte , hegel and so on, 
  yeah and i was referring to this, 
  lol, 
  i did n't say anything trivial, 
  he was a philiosopher one of the most creative . 
  saying that foucault have not any specific ideas is just showing that you do n't anything about him . 
  dude just google biopower , archeology of knowledge ... 
  of course he had creative insights , a very small piece of this i just tried to present . 
  he was very influential . 
  his works about madness had huge impact on modern psychiatry . 
  but you know that popper 's falsifyability applies only to a scientific theories . 
  foucalt was a himself meta theoretist . 
  also his ideas was more similiar to kuhn 's paradigmas, 
  why so ? 
  he was one of the most important personalist, 
  it 's a tolstoy , it 's a beginning of anna karenina , which basically tell a story of high-middle class woman cheating on his husband . 
  i quoted this because it 's often mentioned as a one of the most famous novel 's incipit,
