speaking polish is basically a superpower, 
  white poland only in winter !, 
   douchy of warsaw good nickname for kaczy\u0144ski, 
  ahh traditional shitting on poland , lit flag in flair never lies, 
  yeah but it was much later idea ; nobody is remebering one thing that ruthenian nobility have a special previlagies and some sort of autonomy since xiv century , and still was a part of polish crown, 
   just like it changed in russia depending on the current ruler and interests no , jews were always in deep shit in russia till october 1917 , which gave elementary freedoms and cossacks was n't some seprate ethinicity or community . 
  it was a group of belligerant outcasts , which can be compared to carribean pirates to some extent . 
  visit national museum in warsaw to see the best of his works, 
  yes , but they will be still part of korona , giving privilegies to cossacks does n't mean that plc would be divided on three parts , you shoudl n't identify cossacks with ruthenian nation , that was n't a case a that time, 
  henryk siemiradzki is also great , though his theme was biblical and christian scenes, 
  and we must remember the real reason why he did this - his purpose was to tie harder polish part of new state with the matters at the east border i.e. 
  tatars and muscovites ; he was afraid that poles at some point could realise that war with moscow are n't really polish issue, 
   they were better off in plc but that 's not saying much about differences in imperialism and quality of life why ? 
  if in plc was better and in russia was worse , we have a difference in quality of life, 
  no of course not ; it just means that cossacks would be treated as nobles, 
  khmelnytsky at the beginning wanted a equal priviliegies for cossacks as for nobles, 
  well in western europe , but in eastern europe - prussia , austria , russia , turkey , hungary and so on , serfdom was still a thing . 
  and yes it was shit, 
  i do n't think that ivan iv was deranged . 
  and no , jews in russia did n't `` flourish '' ; they have numerous restriction and they basically couldnt settle on the territroy of moscow grand duchy , and the jewish community was very small until partitions of poland-lithuania , when large territories of today 's belarus and ukraine were annexed with huge jewish minority living there . 
  do n't be so hard on yourself, 
   who dared not to be catholic that 's not the case, 
  well being serf was of course shit , but in poland was slightly better . 
  but you must remeber that for example poland-lithuania was a tolerant country and home for the biggest jewish community in europe , while in muscow they were expelled in 15th century . 
  and we are talking of times of `` oprychnina ' so i guess it 's futile two compare level of liberty in both countries, 
  i see you get my point, 
  well the cesation of volhynia , podolia , kiev and braclav voivodoships was approved by lithuanian-ruthenian deputies from these lands, 
  it was a huge loss for poland . 
  smole\u0144sk was the biggest fortress on the eastern border , it was called `` a gate to the kingdom of poland '' ; after its fall the way to wilno was widely open . 
  moreover it marked the end of a polish-lithuanina struggle to dominate all the rus , sometime around this event moscow subjegted novogrod , pskov , tver and so on . 
  of course we were fighting succesfully with moscow couple times later , it 's enough to mention batory or \u017b\u00f3\u0142kiewski , but somethign surely ended that day , and poland was unable to crush moscow imperialism . 
  and what 's more important , and this is historical fact , almost nobody estimate properly this huge loss, 
  but georgia and chechenia even combined are weaker than poland , and i really do n't think we will be facing them alone ( like in 39 ), 
  russia is dangerous but i would n't overestimating their strentght - look on chechenia , georgia and so on, 
   yes it is democracy well ; i do n't think so, 
  lit shitting on poland , nihil novi sub sole, 
  oh look guys a stupid brit !, 
  you are not from israel, 
  after mohacs, 
  4 centuries, 
   killing 6 turks in just one day bad day to be a turk, 
  [ xviii-century jan iii sobieski monument in warsaw ] ( http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/warszawa/images/8/81/2.4.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20110524164859 ), 
  shit , now every lithuanian knows !, 
  you would be surprised how many ignorant people is out there , even among auschwitz visitors , who are thinking that since ab is on the polish land it was established and run by polish ; so to name it just `` nazi camp '' would n't be sufficient , it 's a justified to call it `` german '', 
  [ according to official site  ( http://bpn.com.pl/index.php?option=com_content&amp;task=view&amp;id=111&amp;itemid=181&amp;lang=en ) tourists are allowed to visit the following areas and places only when assisted by the professional guide : - permanent exhibition in nature and forest museum , - sierchanowo protective unit ( tourist trail runs through strictly protected area ) . 
  tourists are allowed to visit the following areas and places without the assistance of a professional guide : - european bison show reserve , - temporary exhibitions in the nature and forest museum , - palace park complex , - hwo\u017ana protective unit - indywidual persons and organized groups up to 10 people . 
  i do n't know what 's bothering you , it was a german facility builded by nazi governement ? 
  i was expecting more historical monuments to be honest , like old town centres and so on, 
  netherlands without a heritage ? 
  you must be joking, 
  thank you for pointing that out, 
  polish guy here , english , a bit o french and latin, 
  srsly , i do n't understand your point . 
  if you want write it in polish, 
  russia declared that crimea is and wilk be ukrainian in exchange of nuclear missles, 
  it 's not stalking when you get naked in the middle of the street, 
  lol , the comment history is open to everyone feel free to look through mine, 
  but you were just saying that radzwill was n't a lithuanian , but polish-lithuanian, 
  i was looking for our previous conversation as i said, 
  why ? 
  what 's your point ? 
  and later we were talking about minorities, 
  it 's always the same answer . 
  these lands were always lithuanian !, 
  but if radziwill was doing bad things he was polish , or at least polish lithuanian !, 
  cossacks uprising were ukrainian national movements !, 
  chmielnicki was ukrainian and wisniowiecki was polish !, 
  gdl before union was tolerant , modern and strong state !, 
  plc was weak , intolerant and backward because of poland !, 
  no historical responsibility . 
  i can not find this discussion right now , but afaik we were talking about minorities in prewar lithuania, 
  we all know about it , 
   russia also wanted back crimea so it attacked ukraine . 
  two different situations . 
  why are you surprised ? 
  if you look at it from other perspective you will see that polish-bolshevik war was a struggle of independence of an entire region . 
  on polish site were fighting not only ukrainian and latvian forces but also white russians and belarusians . 
  and contrary to what everybody is thinking polish eastern border was n't established in riga 1921 but a year earlier during meeting between pilsudski and petlura . 
  just because ukraine is geographically between poland and russia does n't not make it buffer , and petlura was in power way before alliance with poland . 
  of course it he would took over ukraine with significant polish help he might be more or less dependent on poland but not so much to call him a puppet . 
  i think the real reason was general tiredness of ukrainian people , polish-ukrainians forces was just another invasion since 1914 and nothing at that time was telling their would be the last . 
  also ukrainian people were afraid that with polish army polish nobility would came back , which were expelled after 1917 , and it did not matter that pilsudski said he did n't came to ukraine to secure polish nobility property . 
  for ukrainian peasants at that time the real `` independent ukraine '' was a land without a noble , policeman or state whatsoever . 
  give me one example !, 
  according to sources ; i think that probably they would cancle it anyway , at least to some part because poland was n't able to pay it fully, 
  it create grom unit , basically create our intelligence after communist period , strenghten our relations with isreal and usa , it was a big step forward to our memebership in nato . 
  fine it 's at least that . 
  if you are interest in history of xix century i really recommend you figure of ludwik mieros\u0142waski he was exeptional man but also a tragic figure . 
  yeah sure , but did n't expect it would be the first thing to come in mind when thinking about hungary, 
  of course that 's a shame , especially if we are looking for a wider perspective , we can see that poland and baltics had and have crucial common interest and enemies, 
  i never had a civir conversation with lithuanian on reddit, 
  why ? 
  so it depends on school , but you do n't learn about for example unification of romania, 
  so say something that we do n't know, 
  do italians know anything about ludwik mieros\u0142awski who was fighting in almost every italian uprising afaik and wojciech chrzanowski who was generale maggiore in the first war of independence ? 
  same in poland , unification of germany and italy are two of the most important topics in the xix century history according to our books, 
  i 'm happy that 12 thousands of our soldiers was helping you back then, 
  do you often have such referendums on such matters ? 
  get a room you both, 
  just jogaila 's kingdom ?
