  almost everything . 
  but most of it was rebuilded after the war . 
  from all royal palaces in warsaw ( there were at least 5 major ones ) only wilan\u00f3w pa\u0142ace is original , the rest was burned to the ground , and saski pa\u0142ace is still not rebuilded, 
  sweden was a very poor country throughout most of its history a real european periphery , so probably not that much, 
  equality parade , warsaw , 2017, 
  yeah it 's rather pretty contemporary , near to the relief were two inscriptions written in polish from 16th century and 1824 . 
  it is possible that it 's a relief made by a penitent ( rooster is a clear symbol of st peter ) , propably polish father whose entire family except youngest daughter was killed by tatars ( the first inscription was as follows : all are death except of basia ) . 
  also the man position is a christian-feodal position of prayer/vassal, 
  lmao, 
  exactly this the time when term `` solidarity '' is usefull, 
  omfg , it was ukraine, 
  still it 's not fault of any eastern eu country, 
  actually is other way around . 
  with nord stream russia can easily cut off central european countries without worsing relations with western europe, 
  i was answering u/towram, 
  i think if anybody it 's ukraine fault ( or rather russia ) not polish for sure, 
  what ? 
  are you sure that is really first display of solidarity ? 
  what is for example french stance on nord stream ? 
  we are part of eu so we should have equal rights to decide about union 's future, 
  lol, 
  looks pretty fake if you ask me , but what do i know , once i read e tire pizza pedo subreddit, 
  well almost entire prewar jewish population of poland actually migrated into poland in xix century , and they settled without a permission of any kind of polish governement . 
  they had different religion , language , customs and so on , yet were granted polish citizenship in 1918 when polish state was recreated . 
   they are not full citizens but they belong to the country and they are not by any definition stateless . 
  were they stateless , any country they applied to for asylum would be required to grant it . 
  no , you are talking about refugees . 
  statelessnes is just the lack of citizenship of any country . 
  that is my point . 
  the real reason is because the russian population is big , not because they are `` illegal immigrants '', 
  how is this answer to my post ? 
  when ? 
  what the fuck are you saying ? 
  mate srsly , you do n't know what national minority is , you do n't know how citizenship is , all you can is calling other kremlin propagandists , you just do n't have enough knowledge on this topis to be worthy interlocutor, 
  lol, 
  so the issue if they are illegal or not does not matter ? 
  it 's just an excuse then ? 
  so why lithuania granted them citizenship if they are illegal immigrants ? 
  no of course not . 
  do you consider annextion of lithuania by su legal ? 
  we regained independence in 1918 . 
  also there is a case of former yugoslavian republics which is pretty similiar, 
  this post is golden , it just proofs that you do n't know what you talk about . 
  i really said everything in my previous post . 
  you do n't have automaticaly right to polish citizenship if you immigrated to poland , members of german national minority do n't emigrated to poland , they were living here before 1939 , and this territories were annexed by poland after 1945 , so they become citzens of poland overnight , it was n't their choose , as i said before : they do n't come to poland , but poland come to them . 
  good example are polish people in latvia . 
  there is a group of polish people that live there since 16th century and they are considered national minority . 
  there are poles that emigrated to latvia in years 1940-91 , and they are according to latvian law `` non-citizens '' ( just like russians , but there are only couple thousands of them ) , and there are otheres , like people which arrived to latvia after 1991 and acquired latvian citizenship through normal procedure . 
  you have a narrow-minded way of thinking, 
  so according to you `` national minority '' is not a legal term ? 
   no other country has been illegally occupied for so long and regained independence . 
  poland and lithuania ? 
  123 years is pretty long time . 
  you are one of the most stubborn people i met . 
  i will write it in caps so maybe you 'll understand : ** yes , i get all of it , i read your arguments and i understand them . 
  i just do n't agree with them . 
  can you accept that someone can have different view ? 
  maybe i do n't find them sufficient ? 
  they only said that lithuania chose different path because they have smaller russian minority . 
  so anybody who is saying that not everything in the way estonia is dealing with russian minority is suddenly a kremlin propagandist ? 
   making polish language as regional language in latvia , even though they 're insanely small minority . 
  omg , i never said so . 
  how you came up with this ? 
  and you are clearly uninformed . 
  polish people in latvia are divided into three groups : * polish minority , that live in latvia since 16th century , which are considered as a national minority and are latvian citizens * polish people that imigrated to latvia during ussr time and are not citizens * others  that 's opinion , you can express it , but do n't expect people to agree with you . 
  of course i 'm not expect people to agree with me , im not a 5yo boy, 
  i agree with you . 
  all of you are saying is truth !, 
  of course it makes everything easier . 
  i think that people should learn local language as fast they can if they decided to move abroad . 
  but my point is different . 
  members of national minority have right to citizenship without any language test , because they have right to not know it . 
  of course once they became citizens their children are obliged to learn local language in school . 
  a moot point here is : `` are russians in estonia and latvia a national minority or not ? '' . 
  my opionion is `` yes , they are '' . 
   now that i notice your obsession and how you are holding to this unreasonable position with your teeth , i start remembering some older similar posts of a guy who was an ethic minority ( polish minority in lithuania , if i 'm not mistaking ) , who had a pretty vicious rhetoric against baltic states ( especially lithuania ) . 
  claiming oppression , violation of minority rights and whatnot . 
  do n't go too far . 
  my opinions are only mine, 
   and since you 're well known polish ultra nationalist oh fuck me , first of all you flattered me by saying i am well-known , but believe me i am not polish ultra nationalist , i hate nationalists , especially polish ( but may i ask you to provide me some examples of me being ultra nationalist , as you asked me ? ) . 
   since it included polish minority in latvia , you did n't really care about russians no , i do n't care especially about poles and russians in latvia , i care about huge population of stateless people in one of the eu states , that happens to be latvia and estonia . 
  and i included polish minority case because just i know this case . 
  and the way you react on this just proofs everything i said before . 
   you 're clearly attacking latvian state i 'm not attacking anybody , saying that someone is doing in my opinion something wrong is not attacking it is just saying that someone is doing something wrong . 
  their laziness does not matter . 
  and i 'm not exaggerating you clearly overeacted on pretty neutral argument , you even said : `` and we found your agenda , you succumb so fast '' . 
  man , really ? 
  we are on reddit , chill, 
  post should be taken down , and reposted with correct title, 
  there is many . 
  i know your user nick . 
  but take a look at this : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6fdjob/president_latvian_noncitizens_kids_will_be/dihoa8a/ i just mentioned polish people living in latvia , that moved there in times of ussr , as a counter example that not every population movement between latvian ssr and the rest of the soviet union was a part of colonisation of latvia and russification , it was just normal people seeking for a job . 
  and i mentioned poles only because i knew their case , but probably the same goes for other su nationalites that moved to latvia , and we are talking about in the best case couple thousands of people . 
  and all of them did not became automatically citizens of independent latvia . 
  for me it was a neutral argument , and you ansewered as it was some part of huge polish conspiracy . 
  relax man , do n't react on polish flair like some mad dog, 
  actually no , they moved to latvia probably because there were just looking for a job , that 's all, 
  so you now started insulting me ? 
   because you follow their unintelligent line . 
  no , i 'm not .
