  why so ? 
   but i 'm not here to defend nazi ideology well ... you are doing this, 
  i agree of course, 
  yeah i know this , and that gediminas was in reality a belarusian ... 
  king of prussia was a usurpation and was outside of hre, 
  not really , check again prepartitions map, 
  it 's not like he was entierly wrong . 
  gdl was created by lithuanians , but certainly ruthenians played large and impactfull role in it , old-ruthenian was an official language of gdl and so on ; there is no reason why belarusian should n't treat it as a part of its heritage, 
  in medieval circumstances ' l am not cold '' could also means `` look how wealthy i am peasants '', 
   vilnius was not part of kingdom of poland , neither was eastern lithuania , yet you annexed it . 
  of course it was . 
  whole grand duchy was a part of kingdom of poland, 
  yeah exactly , and as i remeber some medieval towns , like praha or krak\u00f3w , had even a laws that prohibited some types of clothing , or regulated lenghts of scarfs and coats , 
  it was n't about `` look , how great i look '' , but more about `` look how wealthy i am '', 
  because it 's a schematic so hard to show every single state of hre , and also bohemia was ruled by a jagiellonian dynasty , so why it should be merged with austria ? 
  i would still be born in poland , though far closer to the borders with teutonic order and lithuania, 
  well of course, 
  ok , but you missing my point, 
  well of course, 
  are you stupid ? 
  i was talking about pre ww2 numbers . 
  my point was that while western europe was always wealthier than eastern , 50 years of communism make this hole even bigger . 
  as you can see polish and dutch economies were almost equal , not dutch is twice bigger . 
  maybe but gdp of netherlands was 4.35 billion , of belgium 4.2 , while polish was 4.63 billion , so poland was a bigger economy than any of this two , hard to say same thing today , 28 years after communism !, 
  man nazis killed a lot more polish people in five years than soviets in more than 50 , do n't you see a difference ? 
  there is a difference between all of them , poland for example was n't a democratic state , but was n't also on any level comparable with ussr, 
   and that partition of it was one main reasons why soviets went to pursue pact with germans lol man , do you seriously believe in that ? 
  his ideas was n't wrong , at least not all of them . 
  his critics of capitalism is one of the most brilliant piece of economical and political writing of all time , and still very useful and inspiring, 
  marx was a philosopher , he firstly created the system of materialistic idealism with alienation at its center , and only later atopted the cause of proletariat , which situation he knew from engels , into his writings . 
  also it 's just plainly false to say that marx did n't work a single day in his life, 
  but beside them were a thousands of people of same identity , they were just examples, 
  i rerally do n't know what you mean, 
  and you are basic this info on what kind of sources ? 
  lol man . 
  i just gave you an actual example . 
  i 'm not saying that current lithuanians are n't real lithuanians . 
  i 'm just saying that such lithuanian-polish identity existed in the beginning of xxth century . 
  and mi\u0142osz , pi\u0142sudski , narutowicz are ones of the many examples . 
  it 's not nationalism . 
  yeah and lithuanians were part of broader polish nation . 
  i 'm not making this up , there were people with such identity . 
  for example czes\u0142aw mi\u0142osz , he always considered himself as lithuanian and pole, 
  some could say that only actual lithuanians were polish-speaking ... 
  why you think there could n't be polish orthodox people ? 
  practice is theory, 
  capitalism brought death to billions , one of the most outrageous example is free state of congo , so we should abandon capitalism ? 
  i 'm not saying you are advocating for hayek . 
  i 'm saying that thing you accuse marx of could be said as well about hayek and any other intellectual ever, 
  you still talking about hayek ? 
  are you talking about friedrich hayek ? 
  because you describe him perfectly, 
  in his time proletariat was a illiterate worker who would go to work on 16 hour shift , get paid at the end of the day to buy a food and beer so he could go back to work next day, 
  his critic of capitalism is sadly very much alive, 
  that 's what i had in mind, 
  you wish, 
  he does not have to , his ideas are alive !, 
  first of all , no . 
  in every region you mention there was at least 20 percent of poles , in half of them polish people were more than a half of population . 
  secondly soviet policy did n't recognise belarusians and ukrainians as russians , because they were n't ones, 
  i 'm a bit older but yeah we are working hard and paid unfairly, 
  tell me did people in let 's say france had right to vote on more than one party ? 
  did they had right to vote on anti-us parties like french communist party ? 
  was pcf in government ? 
  did us force intervened then in france ? 
  could france exit the nato ? 
  do you see the difference now ? 
  it was very different elections than the one we had in poland the same time , they were actually free , communists just had a huge actual support among people , unlike in poland they were significant before the war, 
  benes is not known of being especially courageous, 
  nobody is saying that usa is saint and we all know how `` convincing '' they could be especially if we talk about supporting friendly regimes in south america and so on ... 
  but they are not comparable to soviet occupation of eastern europe, 
  nothing even comparable to hitlerjugend , also in poland one of the pioneers squad was a birth nest of huge part of later anti-communist opposition, 
  it 's not about difference between czechia and lithuania . 
  it 's about a fact that if witold would take crown from sigismund he would be a half-king , and also he could n't transfer it to his hier , moreover it would be just king in personam , so lithuania would n't be a kingdom, 
  they keep forgetting about us all the time, 
  one of the mythos of lithuanian propaganda . 
  wilno was a provincional city in russia . 
  in poland it was one of the biggest and most important cities . 
  and it was lithuanian policy that did not let wilno to fully grow , i am talking about bocking access to konigsberg , the closest sea port . 
  ah germans got a word for everything, 
  oooo false friend !!, 
  maybe some polish-slovakian affair ? 
  lol of course not wile\u0144szczyzna was almost entirely polish speaking way before that, 
  lol, 
  i 'm just messing around with you , also the first map is bullshit because there is no trustworthy sources to creat such detailed map, 
  personal union , does n't apply, 
  thx, 
  no , look at czechia they get a crown from hre and how they ended up, 
  crown from emperor is not a real crown, 
  supposedly lithuanian speaking , 
  plc always in my heart , 1795 worst year of my life, 
  they can have stettin but wroclaw is too beautiful to give it back, 
  but he was talking about geography, 
  interesting , some link ? 
  baltic sea rightful swedish clay, 
  i think that most of our radnats dreams more about lw\u00f3w and kr\u00f3lewiec and maybe grodno than about prewar borders, 
  but you have a geographical midpoint of europe ... 
  i would imagine that german radnats dreams of entire ober-ost or at least prewar borders, 
  well konigsberg was for a long time part of poland, 
  shortest answer : trianon,
