  armia krajowa or home army was n't responsible for every polish attacks on ukrainian villages , there were also other organizations like bataliony ch\u0142opskie , nzw , communist troops and so on . 
  kashubians identify as polish believe me . 
   pilsudski 's right hand who ? 
  rydz-smig\u0142y maybe ? 
   you sparked war against us and rest of the neighbours what neighbors ? 
  when ? 
  how ? 
   czarniecki which is honoured in polish anthem killed thousands of ukrainians czarniecki died in 1665 . 
   do you know that there were polaks who collaborated with nazis as well and killed entire ukrainian villages ? 
  are you talking about [ schutzmannschaft battalion 202 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/schutzmannschaft_battalion_202 ) ? 
  which `` was a failed collaborationist auxiliary police battalion in the semi-colonial general government during world war ii . 
  it was made up of 360 conscripts with nazi german leadership . 
  [ 1 ] the unit was created in krak\u00f3w officially on march 27 , 1942 with recruitment beginning in may . 
  only two polish men volunteered . 
  [ 2 ] as a result , the germans resorted to conscription from the regular polish city-police called einheimische polizei . 
  once in volhynia , the battalion stationed in \u0141uck originally . 
  soon later , in around kostopol , half the members deserted to polish anti-nazi 27th home army infantry division , [ 3 ] in defence of ethnic polish population against the upa massacres . 
  [ 1 ] additional 60 poles were rounded up and executed by the nazis for mutiny . '', 
  how you can compare it with 109 , 114 , 115 , 116 , 117 , 118 , 201-st ukrainian schutzmannschaft battalions ? 
  or with ukrainian ss ? 
  ukrainian nazi-allied army ? 
  and so on ... 
  man , he died in 1935, 
   because it 's dialect not some kind of different ethnicity . 
  that 's why i compared them with kashubians , lol , man relax , can you be civil ? 
   rather choose to be enemies rather than friends haha , good ; innocent lithuania , just when you were helping soviets get to warsaw, 
   yeah sure . 
  not like you were closing lithuanian schools and other organisations . 
  `` hence , in the interwar period , the polish minority was persecuted by the administration of independent lithuania . 
  [ 27 ] the lithuanian census of 1923 showed that poles constituted 65,600 lithuania inhabitants ( 3.2 % of total population ) . 
  [ 28 ] in interwar lithuania , people declaring polish ethnicity were officially described as polonized lithuanians who merely needed to be re-lithuanized , polish-owned land was confistacted , and polish religious services , schools , publications , and voting rights were restricted . 
  [ 29 ] after the establishment of valdemaras regime in 1926 , polish schools were closed , many poles were incarcerated , and polish newspapers were placed under strict censorship '' `` when 48 polish schools were closed in lithuania in 1927 , j\u00f3zef pi\u0142sudski retaliated by closing many lithuanian educational establishments in poland . 
  [ 8 ] in the same year 48 lithuanian schools were closed and 11 lithuanian activist were deported . '', 
  and why you are so triggered by single reference to samogitians ? 
   that 's after smetona came into power as authoritarian leader . 
  considering that poland was oppressing minorities since beginning of it 's existence . 
  you know shit about prewar poland  might be , same goes for germans and austrians , does not mean they share same ethnicity . 
  i think more like lithuanians and samogitians  if structure , then vilnius is pure lithuanian by your logic you mean buildings ??????? 
   so interwar poland is more of a dick than modern russia ? 
  who would have thought . 
  how ? 
  german have autonomy in klaipeda , lul . 
  `` the authoritarian regime of a. smetona enforced a policy of discrimination and lithuanisation : it sent administrators from lithuania , and german teachers , officials and priests were fired from jobs . 
  local inhabitants -- both germans and prussian lithuanians -- were not accepted for state service in memel territory . 
  people were sent from kaunas instead . '', 
   if structure , then vilnius is pure lithuanian by your logic lul  they 're not poles though . 
  tell it to donald tusk . 
  they are closely related , they language if not dialect of polish is fully understendable for polish people . 
  crimea = / = vilnius ; totally different situation , first of all russia internationaly recognized borders of independent ukraine  klaip\u0117da / memelland had sizeable minority of lithuanians +25 % while germans were +41 % while rest were klaip\u0117dan / memell\u00e4ndisch but the city itself was almost purely german . 
  if you count gda\u0144sk with surroundings the percent of polish would be pretty much the same , and status of klaip\u0117dan / memell\u00e4ndisch was comparable with kashubians . 
  i 'm not even blaming lithuanians for conquering memel , it is known that the whole idea of `` free city '' was provisional and temporarly , sooner or later gda\u0144sk would become polish or german , same with memel . 
  and lithuania , just like poland needed a seaport . 
  `` on 23 august 1953 , the communist people 's republic of poland under pressure from the soviet union announced it would unilaterally waive its right to war reparations from east germany on 1 january 1954 , with the exception of reparations for nazi oppression and atrocities . 
  [ 10 ] east germany in turn had to accept the oder-neisse border , which gave around 1/4 of germany 's historic territory to poland and russia . 
  west germany had n't paid reparations to non-jewish recipients for the damage inflicted in poland until the gierek-schmidt agreement signed in 1975 in warsaw , then it gave poland 1.3 bln dm '' it 's not that i personally demand something , it 's just hard to compare size of destrucions and attrocities commited in poland by germans with paid reparations ( i think it was something around 3-4 bln ) . 
  yes we gained western lands silesia and so on , but we lost comparable in size lands on the east , moreover we become subjegted to soviet union and forced to communist regime and economy, 
  you can say what you want but people of vilnus region wanted to live in poland . 
   also you wanted all of lithuania nah that was n't an option same was with invasion in 39 , it was just a way to force you to recognize that wilno is a part of poland . 
   free city of danzig had only + -3 % of polish population , yet you wanted it same as you wanted memel , where lithuanians were a minority , but the difference is that innocent lithuania took over city by force in 1923 , 
  estimations varies , [ wikipedia is giving 640 billions $ ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_reparations_for_world_war_ii#poland ) ; the most important thing that 's a really big sum, 
  you are clearly biased ;  also he sold ukraine/belarus to ussr so what was the price ? 
   pilsudski was bad for us he would be bad if he had captured kaunas , he only took what was ours  while germany probably does n't even give a sh * t about him . 
  because you know anything about it, 
   considering the reperations it paid lol ; germany should pay poland around 845 billion $ for all the destruction , i 'm not even mentioning other countries, 
  he said :  eh every nation has `` heroes '' who were bad for other nations . 
  so he is comparing him to bandera shukhevych and others, 
  `` gesture of humility and penance ... towards the victims of the warsaw ghetto uprising '' ; we all know that germany did what ever they can to compensate holocaust victims and blame, 
   but they are mostly perceived as losers nowadays i do n't get this argument . 
  i know that upa was fighting fiercly with soviets but eventually they failed . 
  and to my understanding it 's better to build modern state on tradition of url than a wartime guerilla  which leaves us with ww2 history , and that means bandera , upa and so on why not taras bulba borowe\u0107 ? 
   at the same time such people ignore that the middle finger is shown not only to russia , but to poland as well . 
  i think that russian did n't even bother much , while for polish people it was really hurtful, 
   poland loves pilsudki which was warhawk to neighbours you must be tlaking about some other pilsudski , because the one who i know was actively fighting for independant ukraine , and at that time was only significant political leader who reocgnized ukrainian people 's republic . 
  and i do n't believe you compared him with a war criminal who inspired and organized a genocide of over 120 thousands of people, 
  why am i not surprised that czech said it , 
  he never wrote any historical books with proper methodology , citing sources and so on , he was writing about history , but not in a scientfic way . 
  i 'm not denying jedwabne or polish persecution of jews since it was later confirmed by historians like jan grabowski , marcin zaremba and others , i 'm just stating a fact, 
  never any german leader of the state apologized for starting a war and all the atrocities commited in poland , in berlin there is no monument or any other place commemorating those crimal acts, 
   pogroms that happend before ww2 in poland . 
  can you name some ? 
  i only know a few : 1407 - cracow 1564 - poznan 1664 - lvov 1881 - warsaw 1906 - bia\u0142ystok 1919 - lvov and wilno, 
   i guess he means civilians perhaps ? 
  he means german soldiers killed on territory of today 's poland, 
   they claimed that the polish were painted as the biggest antisemites in that movie the real issue was that home party was portrayed as an antisemitic organization exisiting purely to kill or persecute jews , plus there were more historical inaccuracies , like polish soldiers with red and white armbands which were used only during warsaw uprising, 
   executing partisans/rebels/insurgents * polish army, 
   is shit but not always crazy shit . 
  it was a wa crime , and believe much more horrible things happened later, 
  many of the crimes were commited by lunatics like dirlewanger ; but regular wermacht or luftwaffe soldiers also took part in executions . 
  for example the very first german crime during uprising took place in the first day of uprising in august 1st , when german regular soldiers killed all men who had at least 14 years from the building on pow\u0105zkowska street 21 , because polish soldiers were shooting at germans from this building and killed 2 soldiers . 
  and it was just a begining . 
  i was answering to comment in which was statement  go to the us and ask people about the atrocities that us troops committed in vietnam or korea , hell , even more recent in iraq if you want to . 
  and he was n't talking about bombings or something luk\u0119 that , so for me it was kinda umcomparable . 
  there is now way you can compare us atrocities during their presence in iraq with german crimes during occupation of poland , belarus , serbia and so on . 
  considdring that us forces were in iraq for far longer time, 
  for the my first post my point was that us military did n't killed that many civilians in war crimes similiar to wola massacre as germans did in one week of august in wars . 
  but it was just a parallel by which i wanted to point out that german army was n't just `` normal army '' as some of the germans wants to believe ( especially those guys in the video posted by op ) . 
  i think that for everyone with a common sense it 's obvious that i was talking about civilians killed in executions , ethinc cleansing and so on in comparable way how germans killed polish people in wola massacre . 
  when us troops killed 50 thousands civilians in one city in one week ? 
  no we are talking about wermacht crimes and its denial by wermacht veterans . 
  simple as that .
