  i ca n't imagine that german will become first eu language without massive salt in some countries ... 
  i ca n't imagine that german will become first eu language without massive salt in some countries ... 
  yeah but hard to imagine that ireland do not switch to english at some point in future ... 
  we leave you ? 
  yeah let 's compare daily mail and berliner morgenpost ... 
  it looks odd that it was builded during communist era , and removed after collaps of comunism, 
  who is on statue in 1988 , and why there is no statue later ? 
  also two year earlier there was failed attempt of the all-polish uprising in the all there partitions , but only the small number of revolutionares have fought against all three powers in krak\u00f3w ; they were defeated quickly . 
  who knows what would have happened if they wait 2 years more, 
  also since the end of the iiww there is in poland storng `` anti-german '' vibe which is used politicaly . 
  it was kinda justified in the first years after ww2 , when the war-generation was still active in pulbic live , but later it was just a `` political hammer '' to struck your opponents . 
  fact that german federal republic did not recognised postwar borders until early 90 . did not help . 
  also after the fall communism far-right parties were often using rhetoric of `` german danger '' , like for example germans are going to buy all polish land ( it was very vivid in the pre-accession to eu era ) and so on . 
  also tusk was even before described as `` filogerman '' and `` not-so-patriotic '' guy . 
  he was also described as `` liberal '' , which in polish political language is like a curse ( he actually was at the beginning of his career ultra pro-hayek ) . 
  moreover his first party liberal democratic congress had strong connections with german fpd . 
  so the news about his grandpa was for many like a ultimate proof `` he is german !, 
   they almost could n't be classified as minority in russia until catherine 's empire where they had the same rights as in plc you never heard anything about pale of settlement ? 
  which was a area where jews can settle , and it was introduced by a catherine , and only covers territories gained in the partitions of plc and in wars with turkey and crimean tatars  and they certainly were a separate community with its own laws and something you could call democracy within their ranks . 
  just like pirates on carribeans, 
  well they were `` early '', 
   polish kingdom ! = plc well it kinda was , i mean it was most popular name of the plc , for outside observers it was always `` kr\u00f3lestwo polskie '', 
  i recomend you `` mitologia s\u0142owian '' by aleksander gieysztor , it 's probably the best scientific book on this matter , basically everything what we know for sure . 
  i do n't know if there is a croatian version , but surely it is avaiable in english , french , and ukrainian ( [ apparentely ] ( http://umka.com/eng/catalogue/books/aleksander-gieysztor-slovyanska-mifolohia-slavic-mythology.html ) ), 
  we do n't know how they called themselves , also it would be very odd to call a state after some small river, 
  hahaha mighty poland , never conquered !!!!, 
  ( by romans ), 
  it 's interesting because you do n't see many statues of monarch from the premodern era nowadays . 
  afaik ukrainians made one of w\u0142adimir the great and maybe hungarians of one of their kings , but that 's all . 
  slovakia was for a short period of time within polish borders, 
  did n't know that . 
  interesting i was thinking slovaks are distinct tribe, 
  as a silesian you lived in a many countries throughout the ages : great moravia , czechia , poland , austria , prussia and so on, 
  so it 's same thing like with grand duchy of lithuania , which was a belarusian state with a lithuanian name, 
  looks like you really want transcarpatia, 
  moravians must be proud of their glorious history, 
  but you know that they get the priviliges in the begining of the xv century , so way before the massive polonization ; they choose polish language and culture because it was much more attractive to them and much richer than lithuanian , also because they want to exstiguishe themselves from the ruthenian nobility - ruthenian culture had a strong impact on lithuanians before the krewo union, 
  makes me want to play ck2, 
  no , polish people are pure blood of piasts, 
  i am not so sure . 
  how many nobles or higher class people were speaking czech , slovak , romanian , croatian and so on in the end of xviii century ? 
  not so much i believe , probably even less than were speaking lithuanian . 
  yet those languages and nations survived, 
  you should also count [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/henrician_articles ), 
  and the reason is ? 
  yeah as a state that helped preserve lithuanian language and culture from the teutonic danger, 
  yeah i know this, 
   `` litua a paganis '' litua  litva/litwa sound pretty slavic to me, 
  when i saw thread about macedonia , i could n't help myself, 
   just someones who abandoned their ways and kind of sold us out sounds like a traitor to me , 
  can we all agree that alexander was polish ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  i thought lithuanians consider jagiellonians as traitors ? 
  also obuda was a separate city ? 
  you are doing it wrong . 
  alexander was a hellenic macedonian , though today 's inhabitants of fyrom have nothing in co.mon with him or his people, 
  if you said something stupid do n't call it `` joke '' afterwards, 
  relevant : [ average penis size in europe ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ixriyz4.png ), 
  but you are just asuming that city was n't inhabited by polish and jewish people , i am not saying they were a majority , we do n't know it , but for sure they were present there before the xvii century . 
  just the original statement of u/pm _ me_your_ladyboys is a historical speculation, 
  lithuania always blaming someone else for they own mistakes and fails ; really you should just take a responsibility for your own history, 
  so you do n't have any sources ? 
  i was asking for sources about massive polonization of lithuania after the deluge, 
  any sources ? 
   we gave you sabaton songs about the glory of poland oh fuck i cringe every time i hear them  but thanks anyway, 
   since poland was kingdom while lithuania was just grand duchy . 
  you give to much importance to the whole division between kingdom and grand duchy . 
  moscow was for the most of its existence grand duchy , just like austria , burgundy and others . 
  also it changed nothing in terms of internal politics . 
  lithuanian nobles had just as same as polish ones impact on politics of the plc , i would say even bigger , because eastern magnates were wealthier and mightier than their counterparts from korona . 
   his father was n't the only one who ruled gdl . 
  let alone he was n't the only one who ruled gdl . 
  well algirdas was a grand duke , and jogailla succeded him , also kiejstut recognised him as a supreme ruler, 
   in return they had to adopt polish language and polish customs as you can already see that in their names . 
  there is a reason they did that , devils offer . 
  nobody forced them to adapt to polish customs . 
  it was a natural process , lol , you cant be serious . 
   the envoys who were transporting the crown were stopped by polish magnates in autumn of 1430 . 
  another crown was sent , but vytautas died in the trakai island castle several days before it reached lithuania . 
  they were acting in the name and on orders of jagie\u0142\u0142o . 
  you can not possibly think that jagie\u0142\u0142o himself stopped envoyes . 
  also the royal crown was given to witold in exchange of anti-polish alliance with emperor . 
  moreover the coronation was against the will of the pope , it was a emperor 's idea , and in the end lithuania would n't became `` independent '' but subjected to german emperor , just like kings of czechia . 
  and yeah lithuania was a jagie\u0142\u0142o 's patrimony, 
   sweden was twice as deadly as the nazis not really . 
  most of the population loses during deluge was due to epidemics , famine and so on , which was n't a direct effect of swedish actions , while nazi germany just killed polish and jewish people just becuause of their fucked up ideology, 
   our nobility to have lower status can you give some examples ? 
  there was never real difference between nobles of both nations , also some noble lithuanian houses radzwi\u0142\u0142owie , pacowie , sapiehowie , czartoryscy were among the most influential houses . 
  also it is not poland fault that witold was n't crowned , but jagie\u0142\u0142o 's who was at that time `` supremus dux lithuaniae '' and did not want to lost control of his patrimony, 
  ukraine for sure ( well before they lost crimea ), 
  til you do n't call it kircholm battle, 
  you still have [ our stolen property ] ( http://www.zwoje-scrolls.com/zwoje31/pol01.jpg ) , just give it back , and let 's forget about whle thing, 
  swedish troops bascially destroyed entire central europe during xvii century, 
  it 's sad when the best day of your life is marked by betrayel, 
  fuck , i studied medieval history and do n't know that, 
  exactly , in polish wikipedia we have articles about football players from polynesia and so on , while still lacking biographies of some important figures from polish history and culture, 
  definitely german ? 
  are you sure ? 
  the inhabitants were of mixed polish-baltic-german descent , duchy was de iure part of kingdom of poland , not empire . 
  and reichstag was installed in late xv century , and was a continuation of the much older institutions so all things i named were functioning exactly at that time,
