  bandera was a german agent since the beggining of his political activity . 
  after the outbreak of the war he immiediatly started to colaborate with germans , actively persecuting polish people in occupied poland ; he was a collaborator all the time , even after his detention, 
   and which committed terrible massacres of polish civilians in ww2 . 
  is it really wise to build a new army on that kind of tradition ? 
  article clearly is saying about ukrainian army from the post ww1 era , not ww2 upa, 
  ukraine was n't partitioned between poland and soviet union . 
  polish-ukraine border was established on 21 april 1920 in warsaw see : [ treaty of warsawa 1920 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_warsaw_ ( 1920 ) ) ; the peace treaty with soviet union was signed a year later in riga, 
   not that , but they did other things to you know examples ? 
  i know they were shooting at commies till 1960 , but let 's be serious , there were partisans in polandia , latvia , lithuania and so on , and everywhere they achieved nothing . 
  only one reall upa accomplishment was to effectively clear all former polish territories of polish people , and this one succes is not that anybody should be proud of . 
   at the time there were no defined statistics , all the upa knew was that the polish army was killing civilians this argument is just dumb . 
  mate they were killing peoples in thousands !, 
  and half of them in just two days !, 
  it was a massacre !, 
  not a political action . 
  firstly as i said polish troops killed couple thousands of ukrainians , while upa killed ** over 100 thousands ** of polish people . 
  secondly do you really think that killing thousands of innocent civilians draw ukraine closer to independance ? 
  if yes you are a lunatic or really terrible person . 
  anyway the real impact of upa is really little , in reality politically they achieved almost nothing . 
   this is very debatable considering aggressive policy of polonization it 's one the strangest historical myths about history . 
  btw why romania do n't unite with moldova ? 
  i mean it maybe diffcult now , when romania is part of eu and moldova is ` t , moreover while romania is not the whealtiest part of eu , moldova is even poorer ; but as i imagine there is a will on both side of the border ? 
  it was a tragic , brutal crime of former polish soldiers , absolutly discusting ; i do n't want to have anything in common with those people , and surely nobody in poland will celebrate them and named streets after them . 
  but it was one of couple polish crimes , when not more than couple thousands of ukraininans were killed , while upa had killed over 100 thousands of polish people in years 1943-44 solely . 
  but the real difference is that you are worshiping these disgusting people as `` heroes of ukraine '' , you are naming streets after them , you are wearing their uniforms and waving their black-red flags . 
  it 's not only very offensive towards polish people it is also unimaginable in country which someday wants to be a part of eu . 
  if you do n't see a difference between middle ages and last century it 's your problem ; and no you ca n't find in any nations modern history a crime at this scale , in fact there are just few, 
  the difference is that you need to go back to middle ages , while the atrocities and genocide of polish people took place just 70 years ago , the survivors are still alive ... and believe there is a world beyond rus-ukr conflict , and poland has its own interest not only realizing russian agenda as you may thinking . 
  moreover its not about antagonizing our mutual relations , its about making a progress, 
  yeah the common ground is to stop celebrate mass murderers ; for the polish people upa is like ss and red-and-black banner is like swastika, 
  no doubt about it, 
  was used only by oun-upa, 
  im done with you, 
  you obviously did n't understand what i mean, 
  so do n't be biased , simply as that, 
  when i said i want it under polish crown ? 
  and when we act like and ass ?? 
  can you elaborate ? 
  wow that 's something , i 'm really jealous do you have also a designated shitting streets ? 
  i really like the one with archangel, 
  yeah nobody will mention upa troops on this video ? 
  i mean it 's hard to be a `` forefront of freedom '' when you celebrate such organizations ... 
  lol , because they were trying and mostly succed to clean entire volhynia and galicja of polish people ? 
  i do n't see their any racist or antirussian stance . 
  but you know that they would cross threshold in all countries ? 
  ; but this whole discussion do n't matter , the fact that seven percent is a significant number , in case of russia it 's 10 mln of people, 
  but you said that party with seven percent votes would not even get place in parliament, 
   because you try to attach `` ethnicity '' to `` ideology '' when i did this ? 
  ok , do n't make statements on things you clearly have no idea and knowledge ; you do n't know how empires works, 
  all what you said is just not true . 
  in all european countries expect lichtenstein 7 % would give you certain position in parliament and it 's very probably make such a party an ideal partner in ruling coalition, 
  why do you imply me some racial bias ? 
   your second point is just patently false . 
  there were plenty of other ssrs that were in fact propped at detriment of russian soviet socialist republic to great extent . 
  in fact , when this drain of resources was stopped at collapse of ussr , many of these former ussr republics had their level of life collapse as well and never really recover to soviet levels . 
  how is this inconsistent with what i said ? 
  yeah but nobody is saying `` i agree with hitler 's policies to some extent '' when he want to build new highways ... 
  but even if we agree with 7 % it 's still a huge number, 
   it 's still just seven percent a third of russians feel respect for joseph stalin and 45 per cent believe his repressions were at least `` to some extent '' justified , a new survey indicates . 
   russia was only one of the subdivisions of the ussr . 
  it 's like blaming only california state for everything the usa does do you blame rajastan or swaziland for actions of british empire ? 
  no you blame great britain same is with su and russia . 
   among very limited circles of populace http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/russia/11506970/proportion-of-russians-who-respect-stalin-is-growing-poll-suggests.html, 
  i was just saying that russian fssr was playing undoubtely leading role within soviet union . 
  moreover despite being an `` international '' and `` cosmopolitan '' su was realising interest of russian republic and russian people . 
  su was purely a `` russian empire bis '' . 
  croatia has one of the craziest shapes in the whole europe, 
  but in the germany were a proto-nazi parties like german national people 's party , moreover there were many various organization , paramilitaries and so one which had similiar stance on most topics as nsdap , even more all german parties were supporting anti-polish , cxech and french revanshisme . 
  but you know that stalin and lenin and still well respected figures in russia and widely accept national heroes , something similiar could n't be imagined with hitler in germany, 
  we could argue in the same manner that russian empire was n't in fact `` russian '' since many of the officialls , high-ranked officers and so on were n't ethinc russians but often of german , ukrainian , polish and other origins , moreover the tsar himself was n't russian !, 
  he never used word `` ethnocracy '' but everyone who implied that russian ssr was n't playing lead role in soviet union is delusional, 
  one of the reasons was that poland was neighbouring country with czechia , so polish communists were afraid that events on the other side of the border may influence polish people to undermine their rule, 
  i think he meant that the intervention had n't any support of regular polish people , only from the communist government which never were supported by a majority, 
  communist leadership of post war poland never received any major support , their only legitimation was a brute force and fear of soviet intervention , same as in czech republic, 
  [ try this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=puk8xjzbfwq ), 
  longest polish is `` konstantynopolita\u0144czykowianeczka '' , whic means young girl living in constantinpole, 
  i wonder if your word \u0161ukat have something in common with our word `` suka '' , which means a female dog and it 's a vulgar name of a slut ; so word '' \u0161ukat '' could mean `` being a ` suka ' '' so `` to behave like a slut '' ... is that a thing ? 
  in fact all polish prewar administration was dissolved , but only of the lowest level - gminy ( communs ) and polish prewar so called blue police , but most part of its members were actively collaborate with the resistance . 
  in 1943 two polish battalions of schutzmannschaft were formed , each of them with 500 men , but their were short-lived and after one year were disbanded . 
   if i wore green pants , and you as a pole suffered from knowing there are people wearing green pants , should i be jailed for wearing green pants for three years even if no healthy person should suffer from awareness of people wearing green pants and you did n't suffer physical or monetary damage from me wearing green pants . 
  ffs no . 
  that was my impression . 
  i was reffering to german protagonists who were unwillingly involved in the war , persecuted by the nazis , loving their jewish friend , so totally not antisemitic , terrified by the horrors of war and so on . 
   you can if you want . 
  it is n't the most accurate description . 
  if in alternate reality they separated people in camps by nationality then it would be an appropriate use . 
  lol . 
   if you get triggered by arbitrary incidents that do n't affect you physically or monetarily and are n't targeted you at you personally maybe you belong in a hospital and not run a country . . how difficult is it to grasp a concept that you can suffer from internal problems that normal individuals should n't suffer from . 
  but what can you do ? 
  i 'm still suffering . 
  i agree with you about internal politics of commonwealth and poland-lithuania in 16th century - it 's just a history of missed opportunites . 
  but not about the external policy . 
  first of all do n't overestimate losses on the eastern border , most of the lost land was very loosely connected with lithuania , they were ruled by semi-dependent princes and were pledging loyalty to moscow or lithuania depending on circumstances . 
  the only really important lands were smolensk principality and ukraine . 
  smolensk had been lost in 1514 but regained in 1608 . 
  most part of ukraine remaine in polish borders until partitions . 
  regarding to prussia . 
  it was a polish idea of secularization and reformation of prussia exactly because it would upset pope and kaiser and eventually break off all ties with between them and prussia . 
  imo hohenzollerns should have been elected as a kings of poland after death of sigismund ii , for two reasons : their were rightful heirs due to marriages and poland-lithuania could have its own dynasty without any outside ties , and who knows , it could mean future union with burgundy . 
  all suffering is in the head of afflicted .
