   where is a saying `` dramblio svajon\u0117s '' - `` elephant dreams '' , impossible . 
  well if we had n't be `` liberated '' by soviets , then imo it would be serious possibility . 
   you consider zaolzie to be a terrible political move , but annexation of vilnius region not ... that 's just stupid . 
  because annexation of zaolzie justified german nazi brutal foreing policy , not because this land should n't be part of poland . 
  it was just bad moment even from polish perspective . 
  i did not ever said such thing !, 
  just stop thinking of me as a `` vile pole '' !, 
  i said quote that polish sentiment `` was a ** major ** part of both lithuanian nationalis and lithuanian external and internal policy in interwar era '' !, 
  i never said that lithuanian nationalism `` resolve '' around anti-polish sentiment !, 
  i 'm not stupid i know things . 
  i was just pointing out obvious fact , that anti-polish sentiment played major part in prewar lithuanian nationalism . 
  just as in poland anti-russian or anti-bolshevik sentiment , or anti-german, 
  no polish forces just captured the city , simply as that . 
  there were never even short period of occupation , because majority of vilnians wanted to live in polish state . 
  because i think he was just trolling , and did n't expect serious answer, 
  because vilnius was n't occupied . 
  in 1939-45 warsaw was occupied , paris was occupied in y 1940-44 , belgrad , and so on and so on , but for example gda\u0144sk was not . 
  do n't you see a difference ? 
  yeah lithuanian minioirty was to some extent persecuted , but wilno was a normal city , with normal day to day live , without any special military control , which is a essential part of definition . 
  about pol-lit union , i just think that both poland and lithuania were very weak state in comparison to soviet or germany . 
  and that vilnius region as an autonomous region within lithuania was a good idea . 
  imo it was a win-win situation . 
  even today i think that central european countries should work closely . 
  i do n't know if you heard about it but during 2ww polish and czechoslovak governments in exile were planning to create similiar federation , and imo it would be a great idea . 
  [ check wiki if you are interested ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93czechoslovak_confederation ) . 
  and i never said that poland was doing only nice things !, 
  i 'm not even big fan of our prewar governemnt . 
  things like bereza kartuzka , pacification of western galicia , minority policy after death of pilsudski , annexation of zaolzie were terrible things , and even from pure political point of view huge mistakes . 
  moreover you never said anything bad about lithuania , and you expect from me to do it . 
  oh you see , that 's what i was talking about , i consider you as other person , and you just see me as a pole and you immediately think of me in negative biased manner, 
  i 'm not talking about hatred . 
  i 'm talking about `` sentiment '' , this things are really different . 
  why do you think that ? 
  what makes me so nationalistic ? 
  you are the most stubborn person i ever met on reddit ; you are either blind on anyone 's arguments or just do n't have capability of abstract thinking ... 
  so do your really believe that france or uk was ever a part of axis ? 
  ok , but i never said anything close to this . 
  do you just taking on me all your frustrations ? 
  do i really must to repeat myself ? 
  '' `` the lithuanian national revival , which considered the tsarist regime its enemy , soon found another -- polish `` polonizers '' . 
  the growing number of families speaking lithuanian in public as well as demands for celebrating mass in lithuanian in catholic churches aroused opposition among some polish speakers . 
  landowners , defending themselves from what they dubbed `` lithomania '' ( pol . 
  litwomania ) , grew more and more estranged from the lithuanian-speaking villagers , and priests unsympathetic to lithuanian national aspirations came into serious conflict with their parishioners . 
  in 1902 , a priest named adomas jak\u0161tas-dambrauskas published a booklet in polish in which he set forth the aims and programme of the new generation of young lithuanians , and requested that the new generation of young lithuanian gentry also declare clearly whether they considered themselves to be lithuanians or poles . 
  the lithuanian gentry were requested to be conscious and sincere lithuanians , to speak and pray in lithuanian , to love their country and work for its good , to be its leaders , to look after the education and welfare of its people , in other words , to be the salt of lithuania 's earth . 
  the proposal for the lithuanian gentry to become part of the national revival was rejected by poles in vilnius with the publication of a brochure entitled przenigdy ( absolutely never ) , written under the pseudonym dr ludwik czarkowski ; the brochure worsened polish-lithuanian relations . 
  many of the gentry did not understand the aspirations of the lithuanians in general , and considered cooperation with them to be dishonourable . '', 
  the thing it that , for example , inhabitants of geneve , even french-speaking , do n't want to be a part of france . 
  poland never occupied wilno , this prewar lithuanian propaganda , i ca n't beleive they really teach it you in schools, 
  i still do n't know why bring it to this discussion, 
  i was asking for sources of your statement that antipolish sentiment was n't `` a major part of both lithuanian nationalis and lithuanian external and internal policy in interwar era '', 
  but you realise that it 's about paul hymans , a belgian , propsed plan of pol-lit federation ? 
  and that he choose this exact words ? 
  and how can you blame me , or moreover english wikipedia , of polish-natioanlistic views ? 
  which wiki page was mentiong this ? 
  do i ever used this word in that sense ? 
  yeah maybe it 's a better word, 
  well german cnesus of 1916 give us very different numbers, 
  that way you can justife anything, 
   these are the most shameful acts of war . 
  do you read my second comment ? 
  i was talking about something very different . 
  no poles think that you should n't attack a neighbor . 
  simply as that, 
   taking a slab of land filled with ukrainians and belorussians ? 
  but you know that on this lands were living polish people also ? 
  look at this numbers : 1897 154,500 +2.88 % 1909 205,200 +2.39 % 1916 140,800 \u2212 5.24 % 1919 128,500 \u2212 3.00 % 1923 167,400 +6.83 % this is total population of vilnius . 
  you can see that the numbers decreased in years 1909-1919 . 
  my understanding is that russians left the city . 
  in 1909 there was exactly 47,795 poles in the city , while in 1909 around 77k ( 38 % ) , so the number of poles increased in years 1897-09 . 
  in 1916 population of vilnius decreased to 138,794 but he number of poles remain almost the same - 74,466 , but now they consituted 53.67 % of total population . 
  russians just left the city, 
  hahah , poland never occupied vilnius, 
   pretexted as defence of the belarussians and ukrainiais from the germans do you really believe that was a real reason of soviet attack ? 
  you are delusional then, 
  you do n't get my point, 
  that 's not what i was asking, 
  but i pointed out that this numbers do n't say anything about collaborations . 
  and as i said before - there were polish collaborators , i 'm not negationist , there were people who denounced jews , there were jewish pogroms ( we know about 128 cases ) . 
  i 'm just saying that overall it 's hard to say that polish people were more willing than others . 
  could you tell me where you from ? 
  why ? 
  they did n't even lost any russian land, 
   covered the entire area of todays poland well not even poland covered area of todays poland , 
  well one could say thath duchy of courland was kind of latvian state, 
  ok , you probably messed up with links , why then you would link to russian-soviet attempt to conquer all europe ? 
  well between 1897-1916 most russians left the city , that is why population of the city decreased . 
  yes i know this . 
  but if you study closely history of 20th century warfare you would see that it was n't that common . 
   just pointing out that poland and hungary were especially bad down to the level of the individual families well and this is not true . 
  as i pointed out . 
  poland was n't especially willing `` helper '' , furthermore there were couple countries which contributed much more . 
   ask the japanese about the soviet-japanese nonaggression pact . 
  soviet union denounced the pact in april 1945 , couple months before attack on manchuria . 
  and it was n't non-agression pact , but a `` neutrality pact '' . 
  did you see the map ? 
  zeligowski was trying to achieve a frontline from the summer of 1919 , he failed doing it . 
  you can see on the map that that frontline is couple kilometres from szyrwinty i giedrojcie ; but he was n't trying to conquer kaunas , as i said one the reasons was that he just didnt have enough forces . 
  well i do n't see he can break the alliance with western european countries , maybe even with us , but i 'm really concerned about baltic states , that in case of some kind of conflict with russia trump 's administrion could n't be so eager to defend them, 
  \u017beligowski was just trying to achieve the frontline from july/august 1919 , you can see it on [ this map ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9e/pl-lt_war_1919.png ) is marked with orange colour , he was n't planning to conquer all lithuania among other reasons he just did n't hove enough forces,
