  at least they learned their lesson, 
  this is very common way of thinking in russia , look at people like dostoyevsky or solzhenitsyn , who are considered part of european high culture but had very conservative way of thinking about russia , they both were russian patriots and both were thinking that there is vast difference between russian and european , and that russian people can not be ruled or live like people in western part of continennt, 
  the whole zaolsie conflict was so idiotic , besides that poland and czechoslovakia had not any conflicts , and should be natural allies against germany and in versailles defence ; idk why czechoslovakia conquered zaolsie in the first place, 
  he was mostly hanging paintings, 
  well yeah but napoleon created this small , land-locked state only as a stock of a human power , he did not even used word `` poland '' naming it to not upset his new friends in russia nad prussia, 
  i would say that in poland at that time there was far too few death sentences, 
  i know english and i 'm stupid ultranationalist . 
  francuzi to tch\u00f3rze !, 
  1683 best day of my live !, 
  i was listening to daft punk obsessively at one point , but i did not know they are french until today, 
  why this trigger you ? 
  of course there was a notion of unity , country that have some natural borders and encompassing some concrete lands , it should n't be confused with xix century nationalism but for sure that was a thing ; and countries had its names, 
  so you tell me that cech people in middle ages referred to its country by a latin name derived from the germanic tribe living there hundreds years before ? 
  i did not know there is a difference in czech language between cechy and cesko . 
  it was confusing because in polish both cechy and cesko are called czechy, 
  ok now i 'm confused , so what was the name of the country that existed since the middle ages in czech language ? 
  so what is the latin name of \u010cesko ? 
  yes but bohemia is just a latin name of cesko, 
  what 's the difference ? 
  yes but bohemia means the same as czechia, 
  i 'm just asking , did not want to trigger anyone , but how bohemia will piss off moravians and silesians , and czechia or czech republic wo n't ? 
  bohemia ? 
  this is stupid , i like * of europe threads , sometimes is too much , but rarely, 
  idk about that , but ridiculous is thinking that jews could change customs in poland so vastly, 
  also warsaw , although existed already was n't certainly the most important city not only in poland but also in mazovia, 
  there is no proof of this, 
  krak\u00f3w was actually pretty big european city , paris , milan , constantinople ( not london ) were just monstrously big , all over europe city of 25k citizens was considered biig, 
  that 's actually not true there is no correlation between harshness of black death and the number of jews on a territory, 
  governement of belarusian people 's republic, 
  some of them are, 
  that 's not true , the names has slavic origins . 
  and originally russia alba was moscow , only later the term was applied to today 's belarus, 
  common history with us ( kosciuszko rules !, 
  ) , and among our eastern brothers only them are not butthurt about it . 
  very young nation , still struggling for its identity . 
  government in exile , currently ruling by russia oriented dude with cool mustache . 
  i 'm hoping they will their way to better future, 
  that 's not true, 
  lunatic, 
  there was a land dispute between us and them , we were fighting for a piece of land , we won ; it of course did not give us a right `` to do how we pleased '' , but it 's uderstandable that polish governement was against any forces that actions wanted to detach this land from poland, 
  we lost a battle , but won the war , 
  officialy we won , check your intel, 
  man , you lost the war ... 
  yeah and also creating [ ukrainian scientific institute in warsaw ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukrainian_scientific_institute ) , those poles , can you believe it ? 
  literally russians, 
  i do n't know , maybe massacres of poles in 1919 ? 
  maybe , i 'm just guessing . 
  actually it is pretty common knowledge , huge part of the last year 's movie wo\u0142y\u0144 , was about polish antiukrainian actions, 
   by heavy fighting you mean poland stabbing ukraine in the back while ukraine was fighting against russians ? 
  i 'll remind everyone , that not only poland and finland got their independence after russian defeat in ww1 , but ukraine too . 
  but ukraine lost it 's independence , because it was attacked by both russia and poland from both sides , who then divided ukraine in molotov-ribbentrop style . 
  the real story is different . 
  there were actually two ukrainian states - ukrainian people 's republic with the capital in kyiv and western ukranian people 's republic in galicia . 
  the thing is that none of them were internationally recognised . 
  entente did not recognised unr because according to them ukraine was a part of russia , and should be after expected bolshevik 's defeat ; central powers did recognised urn but after 11/11/18 it did not matter anything . 
  zunr was never fully recognised by any independent state . 
  and in fact just after proclamation of its creation the fighting with poles in lviv and in galicia broke out , soon polish governement in warsaw send troops in help to galicia and full scale polish-ukrainian war broke out . 
  both states zunr and unr eventually merged , but this was just symbolic act , and in reality both of them were still separated , zunr was fighting with poland , unr with russians . 
  after polish victory , unr governement recognised that galicia belongs to poland and both states made an alliance and were fighting together against red army . 
  but there also was a third state - soviet ukrainian republic , which according to moscow was one and only official ukrainian state . 
  after the collapse of polish-ukrainian kiev offensive , the whoe ukraine was conquered by russians , and only the battle of warsaw saved poland . 
  after polish counteroffensive , poles and russians made a peace , but bolsheviks did not let unr representatives to be part of the peace conference , because according to them only soviet ukraine was a real ukrainian governement . 
  so it was n't like poland and russia divided ukraine between themselves, 
   swastika-coloured chick the best chick, 
  all of them are a really good pieces of modern art, 
  l'anglais is singular , also c'est is singular , in plural it would be like `` ce sont les anglais qui nous ont fait ca ! '', 
  maybe poland is the hen ? 
  looks like `` our mother europe '' does n't care about poland , czechoslovakia , lithuania , estonia , latvia ... 
  the depiction looks like related more with a `` liberal '' unification of germany , so it 's probably from around 1848 , am i right ? 
  personification of motherland is a reccuring in them in works of jacek malczewski . 
  here are some examples of other paintings : * [ polonia ii ] ( https://uploads2.wikiart.org/images/jacek-malczewski/polonia-ii-1914.jpg ) ( 1914 ) * [ polonia ] ( https://uploads8.wikiart.org/images/jacek-malczewski/polonia-1918.jpg ) ( 1918 ) * [ finis poloniae ] ( https://uploads1.wikiart.org/images/jacek-malczewski/finis-poloniae.jpg ) ( 1918 ), 
  well it change a lot, 
  how many of them are active ? 
  germany was itself at the brink of revolution and pretty much defensless , german army was in really bad position , the governement neither socialist or monarchist did not have enough support , the scenarion was a real possibility, 
  why so ? 
  germany turned into soviet republic in 1920 was n't positive thing for anybody, 
  [ we know something about reaching three seas ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d0/jagiellonian.png/260px-jagiellonian.png ), 
  well yes , but white movement was basically crushed in 1920 , there were some minor fights afterwards but they were unable to win, 
  russian civil war basically enden in late 1920 , the same time when polish kiev offensive broke down, 
  civil war was over, 
  in the mid xxth century nationality was n't a developed idea and nation state has only just been born ? 
  it was maybe truth for the mid xix century , but certainly not the post ww2 era, 
  what non-sense ? 
  that austrian identity was n't fully developed as a separate nationality until mid xxth century ? 
  i knew that someone would eventually mention nazis , but we must remember that nazis were n't first and only who thought that austria should be a part of germany , in fact it was very common belief ( we are talking about post ww1 era , before the war austria was a capital province of huge empire , do the need of unification was n't strong ), 
  basically filioque is all you need to know, 
  [ here you go ] ( http://mapy.mzk.cz/en/mzk03/001/054/303/2619320916_02/ ) ; it is the map presenting ` teutschland ' in times of silesian wars , i believe, 
  any sources on that ? 
  becuase according to my knowledge you are very wrong, 
   the guy you argued with clearly did n't use a freaking 17th century terminology . 
  we were talking about 17th century ...  do n't confuse the hre with a modern nation state . 
  never did that, 
  [ yes ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/martel#english ), 
  of course , because the pre 1871 term was encompassing far bigger territory , and austria was a part of it, 
  so what ? 
  but they were called that in 17th century , and that 's my point from the beginning, 
  you really think that the term germany or deutschland was invented in xix century ? 
   yet it also included regions like bohemia and burgund , which you probably would call `` german '' today . 
  burgundy no , it was for the pope and kaiser `` alia pars imperii '' , bohemia was already elevated to the rank of a kingdom ( although for short ) , so it 's hard to determine  but none of this means that all citizens and all political sub-entities were `` german '' by our modern terminology . 
  i never insisted on modern use of terminology .
