  did irish people were successfully assimilated into a british nation ? 
  and we are talking about country that had a continuous existence , while plc collapsed and totally separate lithuanian identity emerged in late xix century , belarusian even later . 
  and plc did it without a modern educational system and other tools that modern states at its disposal, 
  thx for posting , do you have something more in the same manner ? 
  only big fidderence was a disapearing of jews, 
  actually theoretically speaking the new commonwealth could be a part of eu as a separate country . 
  it would be interesting to see how many seats in parliament the new country would get, 
  polish parliamentary system was working fine before union of lublin , because there was n't any big and rich families in poland itself , for example a noble family was considered wealthy in mazovia if they had more than 5 villages , while in gdl there already was wealthy families like ostrogski , radziwi\u0142\u0142 , olelkowicz , sapieha , which already had at that time estates of the size of entire powiats . 
  in poland there was a strong class of middle-income nobles , which usually held 1 or 2 villages and were very active in political affairs . 
  it is worth noted that system of noble democracy started develope in poland in the middle ages in time of internal fragmentation , and was later implemented as a developed system in gdl . 
  lithuanian nobility did n't have tradition of democracy and was n't prepared to have such big impact on state 's policy . 
  also as i said before the difference in power and wealth in gdl between nobles was very big , and the wealthy families through system of clientelism took control on state . 
  do n't be a troll , lol, 
  once constantinople always constantinople, 
  are you talking about polish schutzmannschaft ? 
  because prewar polish police was active only in general gouvernement , and in lviv district most of them were ukrainians . 
  polish schutzmannschaft was in fact active in eastern lands , but it was a short-lived organisation , which numbered not more than couple thousands of members ( organised in two batallions ) , and created in late 1943 ( when persecution of polish civilians already began ) . 
  polish collaboration with germans was very vague , especially in comparision with ukrainians ( ss divisions , hilfspolizei , 42 batallions of schutzmannschaft and so on ) . 
  why upa terrorize polish civilians ? 
  mostly because they wante `` polish free '' ukrainian lands , they wanted to secure volhynia and galicia as ukrainian lands after the collapse of germans ( and soviets ) and they believed the only way to do it was to expel all polish people from it . 
  that 's is why the began attacking polish villages to spread a terror among poles . 
  they have experience because they took active part in shoah, 
  no i do n't combine ak with polish civilians , just fights with ak was very rare in that time , mostly because ak in volhynia for example was almost no-existent, 
  upa was created in october 1942 . 
  fights with germans were limited , since they were considered as a `` secondary enemy '' . 
  first fights with soviets happened in the beginning of of 1944 , earlier they were fighting with some soviet partisans . 
  earlier their activity was killing polish , jewish and polish civilians and attacking other ukrainian troops, 
  as i said sole purpose of upa in the first years was to kill as many civilians as they can and force the rest to retreat from `` ukrainian lands '' , so their actions were aimed against civilians solely , which could n't be said about ak at any time of its existence . 
  in the first years of the upa was indeed a criminal organization , they members were first responsible for killing of the jews , then later under the name of upa they were killing polish people in galicia and volhynia since 1943 , and they fight with regular polish regiments , soviets and germans was rather limited , so yes the activity of upa in the first years was criminal , because they were atacking civilians mostly polish , but also jews and ukrainians, 
  this is more a symbolic gesture than real politics , later ukrainian parliament passed the law that prohibits any form of critic towards upa hours after polish president 's visit, 
   as far as i remember ukraine from its side suggested compromise , poland refused . 
  can tell something more about it ? 
  nevertheless this growing glorification of war criminals in ukraine is worrying me, 
  i 'm strongly against any glorification of war criminals , no matter polish or not, 
  i get it , but still we are talking the guy , who is responsible for deaths of thousands, 
   by < they  i mean all those who think they can tell us who was who in our history . 
  like historians ? 
  sane people ? 
  it may be old , but was abandoned , now your governement restores this name, 
  would you call joseph stalin a war criminal or just a criminal ? 
  i think this ends this stupid discussion  they both have same attitude , `` if you fight against us , you are a criminal '' . 
  of course not . 
  i call war criminals people who commited war crimes . 
  i call polish soldier mieczys\u0142aw pazderski a war criminal because his regiment killed around 200 ukrainian civilians and i do n't call taras bulba-borovets a war criminal because he did n't commited any war crimes i know about , though he was polish enemy . 
  i think my attitude and the way i think is clear . 
   and he gave me advice `` to read a couple of books '' , lol ( that were probably published on money from our stolen land ) stop with this bullshit, 
  war criminal it 's just a descreptive term that can be used when you speak about someone who commited criminal acts during war time , and shukhevych is a prime example of such a man , and more info about it you can find in a books i was talking about, 
  they just named national guards regiments after nkvd and dzier\u017cy\u0144ski , so you know , they are not better ( imo they are worse ), 
  guy , you just named national guard regiment after felix dzier\u017cy\u0144ski, 
  he is war crimianl because he commited war crimes , go read some books , its not that hard believe me, 
  this is truth that often get downvoted on this sub, 
  you are actually very wrong . 
  for example in almost every country in occupied europe during wwii part of the resistance was very fundamental and extremist , for example in poland there was that was aiming to create `` catholic state of polish nation '' . 
  of course extreme version of catholic orthodoxy is far less oppressive than islamic counterpart, 
  ukraine was n't called red russia or ruthenia it was the land of lviv and surroundings , while the term of ukraine was associated with kiev and czernihov area, 
  yes most certainly, 
  dude , it 's not about geography, 
  because speer is not some architect from hell but just a prime example of early modernist monumentalism , just as a polish sejm, 
  the flag of the state should be on the right side ( left side from an observer point of view ) , while the flag of the international organization ( like eu ) should be on the left side , these are the rules in poland , not sure about other countries . 
  preisdential palace in warsaw is the seat of president of poland since 1994 ( with a short gap during bronis\u0142aw komorowski presidency ) , it replaced a smaller belweder palace , which served as a seat of president during interwar period and lech wa\u0142\u0119sa 's presidency . 
  palace was builded in 17th century as a house of several polish noble families . 
  it current appearance is a result of reconstruction held in 1818 , also since then palace served as a governmental building , firstly as a seat of russian viceroy of poland ( in polish `` namiestnik '' , since then palace is called `` pa\u0142ac namiestnikowski '' ) . 
  during interwar period and communist era it was a seat of council of ministers . 
  it changed with the time passing , but it 's true that in the first period of revolution communist were filosemitic , especially if you compare it with imperial russia where jews were second or even third class citizens, 
  we should call it kij\u00f3w, 
  wow you are stupid, 
  best place for zombie apocalypse, 
  did you really think that black guy can not walk on the street in poland ? 
  or maybe it 's just a way to show french people `` look we are not so extreme , all the lunatics are with my father now , vote for me '' ? 
  i do n't know how election system in france actually works , so maybe she indeed will get less seats, 
  snorri was one of the best fantasy writers of all the time, 
  you have right . 
  but same thing could be said about any central european country , poland , germany , hungary , lithuania , belarus , any of this countries have natural borders and was invaded many times throughout history , but they ended up wastlu different, 
  i also doubt that many of them will stay in poland , majority will probably move further west once they graduate, 
  i hope you guys recover soon , geopoliticaly speaking you have everything to be one of the big european players, 
  lol why ? 
  too much propaganda or you are very young , there were worst years and governements in 90s, 
  no i do n't think so , mostly because 80 % ukrainians i 've met speaks polish so perfect that this is almost imposible to distinguish, 
  probably , but imo more poles will go back to poland , than ukrainians to their homeland , ukraine seems to have very dark future, 
  indoeuropean languages divided on two groupes [ centum and satem ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ae/centum_satem_map.png ) , the latter was indo-slavic and both polish and persian/iranian derived from it, 
  you are totally wrong . 
  nobody in poland consider for example taras bulba-borovets as `` the worst scum '' , while he was in fact enemy of poland and was fighting for independent ukraine , but he was n't criminal and he refused to took part in massacre ( he was of course persecuted by banderites , but the whole different story ), 
  do you really think that volhynian massacre is just an anti-upa propaganda ?? 
  how polish women and children in volhynia were oppressors ? 
  so you start to read some books mate , because there was plenty of them, 
  so nazis just suddenly started randomly killing jews random innocent , right ? 
  without any reason . 
  that sounds very persuasive . 
  not really , they do n't ban ukrainian fascist symbolism, 
  so in ukraine you can not praise communist and fascist ideologies right ? 
  so why bandera , shukhevych and others are considered national heroes ? 
  praga rightful polish clay, 
  was n't she queen of jerusalem also ? 
  this guy who likes ladyboys is the easiest to trigger guy ever, 
  so why you consider wilno and lwow as conquered ? 
  which was part of the commonwealth , which poland was a succesor state, 
  that 's ok, 
  so this could be said about any other country in the region, 
  i never said thing you are implying, 
  these territories were under control of german ober-ost , which collapsed in the end of 1918 , so it was basically `` no man 's land '' , to which poland has equal if not bigger rights than any other country,
