  i was expecting this kind of reply ... 
  oh good christian catholic kids , how sweet, 
  maybe not german or russian empire , but austria-hungary and yugoslavia were fairly good ideas and for sometime they worked out well , you even have some kind of nostalgia in its former territories . 
  there is a noticeable minority of germans in today 's silesia and some in former prussia , but yeah most of them fled in late 1944-45 or were expelled later . 
  the number of germans that were expelled from poland or territories annexed after 1945 is estimated arund 3,2 mln and probably around 1 mln were naturalized as polish people . 
  yeah there is only one way they can resolve this argument - bj eachother, 
  of course i know him , great ** polish ** hero !, 
  oh , ok nice to know, 
  i was n't salty , and it was n't / s. 
  rest of the populations are mostly russians , right ? 
  yeah sure, 
  well it reflect in proper lithuania , `` ruthenian quarter '' in vilnius , and so on, 
  sorry wrong link . 
  http://urm.lt/uploads/default/documents/travel_residence/history_of_lithuania_new.pdf it 's a lithuanian book , authors : alfonsas eidintas , alfredas bumblauskas , antanas kulakauskas , mindaugas tamo\u0160aitis, 
   large part of lithuanian nobility and even rulling dynasty i mean members of rulling dynasty , not entire dynasty . 
  source : when the gdl occupied the lands of kievan rus ' , the lithuanian dukes who became vicegerents or rulers in these territories often adopted the orthodox religion . 
  later , prominent gdl families arose from these territorial rulers on the periphery of empire -- such as the sanguszko , czartoryski , wi\u015bniowiecki and s\u0142ucki families . 
  the orthodox faith was adopted even by dukes who were not members of the ruling gediminids and whose patrimony was in the centre of the gdl , such as the dukes of halshany [ lith . 
  al\u0161\u0117nai , now in belarus ] . 
  it should also be noted that not all dukes from the rus ' rurik dynasty were forced out of political life when 47 lithuania occupied their lands . 
  in later centuries , we will find that some prominent lithuanian families descended from these dukes . 
  in the lands of rus ' , lithuanians found stone-built orthodox churches and monasteries . 
  within them were paintings , church art and collections of writings , and , most importantly , monks able to write . 
  lithuania did not have its own written language then . 
  latin reached lithuania later , whereas the gdl 's slavic subjects already had the ostromir and turov gospels , written in the 11th century . 
  christian concepts such as baptism ( slavic kreshchenie , lith . 
  krik\u0161tas ) or church ( slavic bo\u017enitsa , lith . 
  ba\u017eny\u010dia ) came into the lithuanian language not from the latin west but from rus ' . 
  the contact between pagan and orthodox societies was most apparent in the capital vilnius . 
  this is reflected in the history of old vilnius , where in the 14th century a `` ruthenian quarter '' ( civitas ruthenica ) already existed . 
  the rus ' ians living in the gdl were becoming a new nation of ruthenians , who were rather different from the russians of the duchy of muscovy . 
  from the time of gediminas , there were orthodox churches in the `` ruthenian quarter '' . 
  some of the wives of the lithuanian grand dukes were orthodox and there were orthodox believers in the ruler 's court . 
  algirdas tolerated the orthodox religion as long as it did not conflict with his interests as ruler . 
  orthodox courtiers , who learned to write in orthodox monasteries , helped to establish the ruler 's chancellery . 
  the written language used in those monasteries was a form of old church slavonic developed in the first bulgarian empire ( 9th and 10th centuries ) . 
  in the gdl chancellery , a somewhat different language developed -- ruthenian ( old belarusian ) , sometimes also called chancery slavonic . 
  this was the language used to write the lithuanian metrica , a collection of the 14th -- 18th century legal documents of the gdl chancellery ; the lithuanian statutes , legal codes of the gdl ; and other important lithuanian chronicles . 
  it could be said that the lithuanian political elite became consumers of orthodox culture . 
  the western part of the gdl , between vilnius and lutsk , was not just an area where noblemen liked to establish residences for representational purposes or because of its proximity to krakow . 
  the fertile land in the bug and narew river basins made this the major grain-producing area of the gdl and the breadbasket of europe . 
  grain from this part of the gdl was exported to gdansk , a major port that shipped it to the rest of europe . 
  lithuanian influences on ruthenian society are most evident in the development of the rural economy . 
  the lithuanian gentry and peasants came chapter i \u2022 t h e g r a n d d u c h y o f l i t h u a n i a 48 the history of lithuania from a society engaged in individual farming with personal property ( allodial ) rights which differed from that of the eastern slavs ( in the duchy of muscovy and later russia ) , where communal land ownership was the norm . 
  in the ruthenian lands that belonged to poland and lithuania , the western type of farming and land ownership was adopted . 
  an allodium was an estate or plot of land over which the peasant owner or hereditary lord had full ownership and disposal rights . 
  since this type of farming and land ownership was new to ruthenia , the ruthenian language began to incorporate lithuanian terms . 
  thus in documents of the lithuanian metrica from the 15th -- 16th centuries we find such terms as : litovka for a type of scythe , doilida ( lith . 
  dailid\u0117 ) for a carpenter , jevje ( lith . 
  jauja ) for a barn for storing crops , sviren ( lith . 
  svirnas ) for a granary barn , klunia ( lith . 
  kluonas ) for a threshing barn , orud ( lith . 
  aruodas ) for a cornbin , and primen ( lith . 
  priemen\u0117 ) for an entry hallway . 
  even lithuanian culinary delicacies made it into the ruthenian language : kompa ( lith . 
  kumpis ) for ham and skilond ( lith . 
  skilandis ) for a distinctive lithuanian sausage . 
  these terms were also used in ukraine . 
  the ancient lithuanians did not have a written language and it is hard to determine what the national consciousness of an illiterate society might be . 
  but the lithuanian grand dukes who laid claim to territories inhabited by baltic tribes were aware of their affinities , and vytautas based his claim to samogitia on a common language . 
  on the other hand , regardless of language , all subjects were subordinate to the grand dukes . 
  the crimean karaites and tartars , who were settled in lithuania by grand duke vytautas , became his trusted personal guard rather than his fellow lithuanians . 
  nor did lithuania 's rulers trust in the adequacy of local skills , and so they invited merchants and craftsmen from abroad . 
  germans , jews and armenians settled in the gdl . 
  nearly all of these communities ( with the exception of the germans ) became collective vassals of the grand dukes while maintaining their own faith and languages . 
  http://aero-comlab.stanford.edu/jameson/world_history/a_short_history_of_poland_and_lithuania.pdf page 46, 
   none of our nobles ruthenianized , ruthenian ones lithuanianized/polonized as i said before after the conquest of ruthenia large part of lithuanian nobility and even rulling dynasty adpoted orthodox religion , ruthenian customs and so on . 
  it does not mean that they stoped being lithuanian it 's just mean that they adopted ruthenian customs . 
  more over even statutes are based partially on ruthenian customs . 
  well they even called themselves `` bojarai '' . 
   ruthenus , natione lithuanus well you probably refering to famous words of stanis\u0142aw orzechowski called who himself `` gente roxolanus ( sic !, 
  ) , natione polonus '' , and he was probably refering to the fact that his mother was ruthenian while his father was polish ( moreover he was catholic priest and was married , so actually he was arguing that becasue he was partially ruthenian his marriage is valid , since in `` ruthenian faith '' it is allowed ) . 
  the term `` polak/pole '' was a common label of all people of pcl , inhabitants of polish kingdom were called `` korniarze/coroniars '' , while inhabitants of mdl were called `` litwins/lithuanians '' , despite they real ethinicty , they could be polish , lithuanian , ruthenian , tatar , latvian , samogitian , german and so on . 
  it did not matter . 
   are joking me ? 
  no , i am not . 
   aka greater poland . 
  hahahah ... no of course not . 
  would you call mdl a `` greater lithuania '' ? 
  i do n't think so , mdl was more than that , same as plc , it was n't some polish empire or something like that, 
   so what ? 
  many nobles intermarried , another could have appeared to dethrone someone else that sat on plc. 
  this think really matters to those people . 
  kingship was sacred thing and not anybody could sit on the throne . 
  nobility gurantee for themselves right to elect kings but it does n't mean that they feel that they can elect anybody ; it was well known that future kings should have blood of piasts and jagiellons in vains , we must remeber that king in poland was elected at least since times of jagiello . 
   considering that j\u00f3zef pi\u0142sudski was born in heavily populated by poles region , spoke polish and fallowed their customs , i would n't call him lithuanian , let alone samogitian any more . 
  if you like it or not he consider himself a lithuanian till day of his death . 
  just as so many people of polish-lithuanian identity , and you have no right of denying it . 
   which is a great shame we did n't break bonds with you sooner , polonization eventually meant extinction of our nation and if not partitions and tries of russification , our nation might have never regained it 's national consciousness . 
  well in the moment of krewo union most nobility of lithuania adopted ruthenian customs and religion so it was n't rather choose between polonization or lithuanization . 
  we must remember that samogitia was controled by teutonic knights and vytautas was ready to give them all the proper lithuania so he could create a state of purely ruthenian lands . 
  imo if commonwealth had never existed probably on today 's map of europe there would n't be ukraine , belarus or lithuania . 
  it 's plc which helped preserved and developed theri unique identities . 
   most of lithuanian nobility was n't even lithuanian any more , other than geographical sense . 
  it was n't geographical sense it was historical and political sense . 
  their were citizens of mdl and together they constituted its `` corpo '' . 
  you send really modern nationalistic when you imply that radziwi\u0142\u0142 was more `` lithuanina '' than sapieha . 
   yes it was , before commonwealth we already have began breaking bonds with poles . 
  growing moscow and losing a lot of wars against them is what caused us to join the union . 
  pure out of realpolitik .
