  also documentary accuses polish army in lithuania of collaboration with germans . 
  indeed there were polish-german talks in february of 1944 about armistrice and rearmament of polish troops with german weapons , but it never came to any kind of real agreement , becuase it was completely rejected by london and warsaw , local polish troops were looking more favourably at the opportunity to obtain german weapons , but in the end they also rejected any kind of aggrement , because it meant that polish troops should be subordinated to german military command . 
  also polish cooperation with upcoming soviet army in fights with germans ( for example during liberation of vilnius ) is nothing new . 
  but of course nobody in documentary mentions that after the battle polish soldiers were arrested by nkvd . 
  also there is nothing controversional about polish attitude towards lithuania and lithuanian admisnitration in wile\u0144szczyzna . 
  polish stance was clear : 1 ) wilno and region is a part of poland 2 ) the purpose of the fight is to preserve polishness 3 ) annexation of wilno by lithuania was illegal and hostile act , hence lithuanian forces are considered as enemy and hostile , but fight against germans is in the first place 4 ) lithuanization of wilno and region is hostile and must be stopped wilno was a polish city , and ak was fighting on polish soil . 
  modern times is brode term usualy reffered to a period of history that begun with social and industrial revolutions of xix century . 
  what lol ? 
  pi\u0142sudski was never going to annex entire lithuania, 
  [ stanis\u0142aw narutowicz/stanislovas narutavi\u010dius ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/nepriklausomybes_aktas.gif ) could sign the act of lithuanian independnce using `` foreign '' letters , but today it is impossible to let polish people living in lithuania use the correct form of their names . 
   in poland they are regarded as heroes , in lithuania not so much since they carried massacres in the vilnius region . 
  can give other examples ? 
  dubinki was a tragic event and certainly a war crime , but it was just one case during entire war , so saying that ak was terrorizing lithuanian population is just an exaggeration . 
   previous polish foreign ministry says that vilnius was not occupied by poles because it was n't . 
  occupation according to hague convention of 1907 is something very specifi meaning :  art . 
   territory is considered occupied when it is actually placed under the authority of the hostile army . 
   the occupation extends only to the territory where such authority has been established and can be exercised . 
   to add to insult , vilnius was a poor provincial city during interwar . 
  this is just interwar propaganda transfered straight to today 's reality . 
  wilno was flourishing , it reached 210k of people in 1939 from 75k in 1916, 
  first of all calling someone bitch is just very low , and by doing this you just are proving that you are not capable to maintain serious discussion . 
  secondly , i do n't know why call me polish nationalist because i did n't say anything about poland and so on . 
  my point is that anitsemitism and collaboration in destruction of jewry in lithuania was huge in comparison with the rest of europe . 
  i do n't know what are the reasons , but the ones provided by you seems unsufficient , because all this could be said about any other eastern european nation , and yet , the horror of holocaust was the biggest in lithuania, 
  bychowiec was n't polish . 
  i understand this are theories , but they need to be based on some actual sources , because as well we can say that vytautas was killed by spanish inquisition, 
   ignorant bitch so low . 
  i do n't have anything against lithuanians . 
  i just pointed out uniqueness of holocaust in lithuania , also huge collaboration of ethnic lithuanians . 
  i was asking about sources . 
  did any contemporary chronicler mention anything about vytautas ' death ? 
   still though , lithuanian nobility and common folk spoke lithuanian until polonization ( modern lithuania territory ) . 
  no , majority of lithuanian nobility was speaking ruthenian . 
  ok , so when pi\u0142sudski exactly was trying to annex lithuania ? 
  how you can compare german war crimes to what armia krajowa did ? 
  especially against lithuanians , which were n't targeted by ak during ww2 . 
  germany conquered your country , denied your right to self-determination or even any kind of autonomy or satellite state after july uprising , and was planning to enslave you just like the rest of the western union . 
  but yeah , except of this they were pretty cool . 
  ok , now give me some actual source that can prove that vytautas was killed by poles , and that lithuanian nobility was n't overwhelmingly ruthienised before union . 
  because nothing what you copy-pasted say anything about things i was reffering to . 
  if you had known some actual history , than you would have n't been saying such gibberish - the holocaust in lithuania was really harsh and really , really fast , the overwhelming majority of lithuanian jewry was killed in summer and autumn of 1941 , they were n't send to death camps , because they were n't established yet , also most of them was n't send to ghettos , they were killed by einsatzengruppen and their lithuanian compatriots in their home towns or on mass killing sited , liek ponary forest ( where also many poles from vilnius were killed by germans and lithuanians ) . 
  holocaust in lithuania was extremly cruel and unique in comparison with other german occupied territories , when the destruction of jews took a lot longer , and in most cases did n't achieve such high percantage of deaths . 
   combine them both , add a sick twist to it and here you go , some hardcore propoganda ploughin 24/7 in the occupied cities of lithuania . 
  attacks on jews and pogroms begun almost immediate after german took over , so the impact of nazi propaganda could not be substantial, 
   yeah , this is where i 'll say goodbye . 
  why ? 
  really i do n't understand , pls explain . 
  also i accept your answer , and yes there is a broader definition , but it 's a `` broader '' definition , strictly speaking the term refers only to destruction of european jewry during ww2 , as you can see our source mainly concerns on this , check [ this link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/names_of_the_holocaust#use_of_the_term_for_non-jewish_victims_of_the_nazis ) also, 
  it 's nothing about disgust , it 's just a term that strictly define one particular genocide , the jewish one , similiar to porajmos , which define a gypsy genocide , nothing particulary controversial about that , unless you are some dumb person who thinks holocaust is killing of jews = only jews were killed during ww2, 
  yeah , of course , 95 % of lithuanian jews were a soviet collaboratores, 
   vytautas the great falling off the horse or getting assassinated by poles . 
  lol what ? 
   this is because pi\u0142sudski tried to conquer the independent lithuania , that 's so huge oversimplification so i do n't it even counts as truth, 
   then again , in wwii , they were much better than soviets to us , but they eradicated almost all of lithuanian jews . 
  meh , 200k of men , who even cares ? 
  right ? 
  germany so good , polan so bad, 
  via wikipedia :  [ the holocaust , [ b ] also referred to as the shoah , [ c ] was a genocide in which some six million european jews were killed by adolf hitler 's nazi germany , and the world war ii collaborators with the nazis . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_holocaust ), 
  via britannica :  [ holocaust , hebrew sho\u02beah , yiddish and hebrew \u1e24urban ( `` destruction '' ) , the systematic state-sponsored killing of six million jewish men , women , and children and millions of others by nazi germany and its collaborators during world war ii . 
  ] ( https://www.britannica.com/event/holocaust ), 
  well holocaust is the killing of jews by nazi germany and its collaborators during ww2 , of course was a part of much larger atrocities committed also on other ethnic groups, 
  why ? 
   viln\u00e6 it 's genetivus , but it should be nominativus, 
   vilnae semper fidelis tibi polonia this motto is about leopolis ; also you have wrong case it should be vilna semper fidelis ... 
   also krak\u00f3w in 17th century doubt it , first of all there is no kazimierz district, 
  there is no something like `` central europe '' , it 's just a theoretical concept , sometimes called `` mitteleuropa '' , sometimes `` intermarium '' and so on , that never came to existence, 
  that 's one of the funniest , poor czechia :(, 
  xerxes didn know ! ~ !!, 
  baptised in fire forty to one spirit of spartans death and glory, 
  tank only if you go on vacation to crimea , you know penisula in ukraine, 
   grzybowska yeah i read somewhere that her real name is grzybowska , but always thought it is bullshit, 
  is this the new/old palace of grand dukes ? 
  right we would exachange kaczy\u0144ski almost for everybody . 
  it of course does not mean that grybauskaite is high on the list . 
  german case is special , because deutsches reich ceased to exist on 5 june 1945 and only after some time allied forces created to new , separated german states , and none of them represented germany as a whole , which term deutsches reich implied, 
  of course we are successor of second republic and prl both in terms of national and international law, 
  polish constitution mentions says only about `` recalling the best traditions of the first and the second republic '' , it 's hardly a legal succession ; third rzeczpspolita is a legal successor of communist prl , which was successor of second republic . 
  relation between first and second republic is a bit more complicated, 
  in march 11 1990 lithuania was also reestablished , making it legal successor of prewar republic and consequently gdl , am i right ? 
  yeah i was thinking danes `` colonized '' the whole region , sorry about that , also i knew about swedes . 
  correct me if i am wrong but daugavplis was almost entirely inhabited by polish people before ww1, 
  ffs `` reinvented '' , `` formed '' you call it ; you write in response to my previous post that `` besides such thing as nationalism did n't exist back then '' , so i was just trying to explain that i was talking about period when nation became a thing, 
  you could at least try to prove me wrong instead of calling me names, 
  i 'm talking about late xix early xx century when lithuania nation was invented ;, 
  so who 's the fool ? 
  lithuania modern nationalism was based on a medieval state of mendog , gedminas , vytautas , jagie\u0142\u0142o was treated as a traitor and the union with poland as a mistake in the best case ; that was the basis of modern lithuanian historical and national consciousness , today it is somewhat different, 
  riga very important city in the region . 
  for some time part of plc , duchy if courland was a polish fief conquered by ruskis in xviii century from the middle ages colonized by germans also danes have some influence a baltic state with lithuania one of two balt nations still in existence many ruskis live in latvia also some polish minority dyneburg have some significant polish minority ally during war with soviets and wars of independence potatoes, 
  engligthen me , what 's the truth ? 
  yeah but modern lithuanian nationalism rejected this heritage almost entirely, 
  so you basically saying that all roman catholic nations - france , spain , portugal , italy , austria , poland and so on are basically the same ? 
  and wroclaw , do n't forget about wroclaw, 
   then please check out how differently ( substandard , neglected , even persecuted ) lithuanians who live and get educated in poland are what ? 
  i mean - what ? 
  that 's the most rascist thing i read today ... sad, 
   would i be entitled for \u016a latter in my last name even though i 'm emigrating to usa and acquiring usa 's citizenship ? 
  no , i would americanise it retaining spelling as much as i can . 
  that 's the point . 
  you are going to usa , not live there for centuries,
