   i dont think that was their `` sole purpose '' . 
  just like in a case of czarniecki . 
  carniecki may not be very good person but slaughter of ukraine was n't his `` sole purpose '' . 
  after all he was great military leade , he fought in battles we sweden , russia , cossacks , tatars and so on . 
  it 's just not the best description . 
   and while deeds of the upa were influenced by injustice and despire i 'm highly against that kind of statements, 
  thank you, 
  yes you are right about czarniecki he was an awful man . 
  i 'm not going to try to justify him . 
  yes ak was involved in killing ukrainians , but cerinaly not thousands of them . 
  you probably have in mind nzs or nzs , strictly nationalist organizations , which i truly despise . 
  i never called it a genocide i think that label `` ethnic cleansing '' fits better . 
   thats not actually true . 
  ukrainians took the city from austrians . 
  poles were the invading side . 
  on 20 october , 1918 city council of lwow proclaimed that lwow is part of poland . 
  on 1 november ukrainians troops began to occupy the city , but they never took entire town . 
   but if poland can occupy that independent ukraine herself and try to polinize it , thats the best scenario . 
  of course not . 
  [ check this out ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/giedroyc_doctrine ) we are totally okay if you are worshiping your national heroes , even if they were fighting against us like in years 1918-19 . 
  we are not ok if you are worshiping butchers whose sole purpose was to whipe out poles and jews from volhynia and galicia . 
  we will react the same way if germans starts to worshiping hitler , frank , eichmann and so on . 
  i personally reacts if someone in poland begin to glorify ogien , rudy , bury and others . 
  do n't you know that bible was written in polish convent 300 years ago ? 
  i was sure that it is common knowledge . 
  i ca n't argue with you . 
  poland never had any collaborationist military unit , especially waffen-ss . 
  czechia and serbia likewise . 
  this is great that lithuanians refused to wear german uniforms , particulary that latvia and estonia did something very different . 
  just you were n't alone in this deed . 
   that makes us equal i guess in the long run i guess . 
  you wish, 
  i think kaczy\u0144ski is messaiah, 
  but stalin drew broders of ukraine , am i missing something ? 
  i never said that . 
  there were polish people who were selling jews . 
  there were polish pogroms when around 1-2 thousands of jews died . 
  there were polish massacres of ukrainians in galicia . 
  i ' just saying that it was far less than what many other nations did . 
  it 's true . 
  and you are just saying bullocks i.e. 
  and sdk were never merged with ss , there was just under their authority . 
  `` the troops never wore ss uniforms , and it is doubtful whether the relationship ever went beyond the simple exchange of a limited amount of paperwork '' ( via wiki ) . 
  so it 's another time when you are not saying truth . 
   serbians did have nazi-aligned forces so as lithuanians  looks like czechoslovakia did n't have it 's own division that 's right they did n't have  for poland , i guess someone may have counted ss-galicia as polish . 
  someone may think that holocaust never happened , but the truth is different . 
  full name of ss galizien is 14 . 
  it was solely ukrainian division . 
  poland never have any auxilliary or collaborant military units . 
  and it 's not dick measurement , it 's truth , that ca n't handle that 's you problem . 
  yeah you wish , [ here is proof ] ( http://i.wp.pl/a/f/jpeg/25361/marsz_intronizacja_pap_550.jpeg ), 
  what results ? 
  lol , everyone know that the god is right-wing polish nationalist . 
  but you know that today 's ukraine is a succesor state of soviet republic and if there is any politican that draw ukrainian borders is stalin and/or khrushchev ? 
  if we you are talking about prewar ukraine i think that petlura was far more significant . 
  dmowski on the other hand was a member of polish delegation in paris and governement of his party was negotiating riga peace . 
  you really thinks that bandera was your the most `` brilliant diplomat and politician '' , i mean this man accomplished nothing in the end . 
  i mean he made alliance with germans in 1944 when it was obvious that they lost the war , i know that he was antisoviet but he should be looking some recognition in the west allies and hoping for the the war with soviet . 
  instead he made an alliance with a loosing and what is more important totally discretited site . 
   or do you want me to start telling how many poles literally sold jews to nazis ? 
  yes i want . 
   by the way , if you want to talk about good things , lithuania was the only nazi-occupied country that never formed a ss battalion . 
  poland , czech republic , serbia ... 
   what use is there to counting up corpses and drawing arbitrary lines designed to make yourself feel better and making others feel worse , instead of recognizing that it was a heinous crime in a terrible time , and mistake , regardless of who did it ? 
  the truth . 
  it 's not arbitrary line . 
  there is obvious difference between killing 27 people in one sole act of disobedient officer than killing 100k of people . 
   do you deny that some poles had violent aspirations towards parts of ukraine and lithuania of course i deny . 
  the lwow and vilnius region were lands inhabited by polish people and were parts of poland for centrius , we had all right to rightfully claim them . 
  just like germans had all rights to claim german silesia , pomerania or prussia . 
  of course it 's history . 
  i do n't have and anybody in poland has any intentions or plans of regaining this lands , their are parts of lithuania and ukraine right and that 's how it should be . 
  i 'm more than supporter of lithuanian or ukrainian independence and i 'm very proud of our commons history . 
   and that some of your people committed horrendous mass murder and ethnic cleansing as well ? 
  i do n't deny it . 
  of course the were n't since the organization was disbanded . 
  but that is irrelevant . 
  the point is involvment of lithuanians troops in shoah and persecution of polish people . 
  but peoples in this thread are comparing ak with upa and pilsudski with stalin . 
  it just ridiculous and sad in the same time . 
  for me the statemants like `` in that time period and before , everyone did horrible things '' is just white-washing and revitalizing of history . 
  for example ** only one ** polish massacre of lithuanian citizens is known . 
  while we know several lithuanian actions against polish and polish-jewish people with ponary at the first place , where lithunians and germans had killed almost 100k of polish citizens . 
  it 's not even close to be comparable . 
  read some holocaust survivors memoires and you will know that all lithuaninans guardsmans/soldiers and so on where called '' \u0161auliai '' . 
   i believe his point was that everyone has had large numbers of bad people and good people maybe i support it maybe not . 
  but surely i 'm against it . 
  why should we pretend that all nations involved in ww2 were doing some good and some bad things , so they are equally responsible . 
  it 's just not true . 
  germans obviously did more bad shit than anybody else . 
  lithuanians actively taking part of killing almost all jewish population in lithuania proper and vilnius district . 
  that 's my point . 
   the cemetery of the defenders of lwow from ukrainians !!, 
  what 's is weird about it ? 
  lwow was a polish city it 's normal that lwowians were defending their home city from outside invasion . 
  just like citizens of wroclaw , gdansk , szczecin were defending their cities from polish and soviet troops . 
  and i can name many polish heroes that were very proukrainians and were struggling for or at least supporting idea of independent ukraine . 
  j\u00f3zef pi\u0142sudski was one of many . 
  there is a whole doctrine of polish international policy which says that poland should do everything to maintence ukrainian and belarusian independence . 
  why do you think poland was so involved in orange revolution and recent events on ukraine ?
