  if you can tell a difference it 's your own problem . 
  you are of course right , but how it is relevant in this discussion ? 
  you still not getting it, 
  enlighten me, 
   that must be one of the shittiest legal arguments ever . 
  but it 's not a legal argument ? 
   anti-latvian sentiment wtf ? 
  anti-latvian sentiment ??? 
  hahahah , why on earth would i have anti-latvian sentiment ? 
  yeah i know they moved here in communist times, 
  yeah i know some people even speak 20 languages , but what 's your point ? 
  wow anybody who say something against baltic countries is suddenly putin 's puppet . 
  for your information i despise this lunatic , and i 'm against russian imperialism as one can be, 
  if you move to poland you are not a part of national minority , you are just emigree , and after several years of permanent residence you are able to gain a polish citizneship , and after fullfiling several requirements ( knowing language is one of them ) you are a polish citizen of estonian origin , and have all political rights . 
  you could be an active part of estonian organisations in poland , you can preserve and cultivate your estonian language , heritage and culture as long you want . 
  that is the case of poles living in uk , germany , usa and so on . 
  but you are not a part of estonian national minority . 
  yuor example is not good because there is no estonian national minority in poland . 
  but there is for example german national minority in poland , centered around opole , which before 1939 was a part of germany . 
  this people are germans that lived here before the land was annexed by polish state . 
  their nationality is german and they are a polish citizens . 
  among many other things members of national minority ** have right to not be assimilated ** . 
   plus automatic citizenship is not a basic human right . 
  well it is . 
  i get that estonia was n't created in 1991 that you are not succesor of estonian ssr , but it is all de iure, 
  pretty undemocratic, 
   no , just decided that foreigners coming to estonia during the occupation were not automatically estonians . 
  yeah they are probably still russians, 
  because you are a rellay bad interlocutor , you do n't use any arguments , you are just throwing accusations , also your anti-polish sentiment is unbearable ; as i said in another place :  my point in this whole treat is that there should not be huge population of stateless person in any eu country , because this status automatically implied that you are stripped of basic human and political rights , and suddenly i became a kremlin propagandist, 
  my point in this whole treat is that there should not be huge population of stateless person in any eu country , because this status automatically implied that you are stripped of basic human and political rights , and suddenly i became a kremlin propagandist, 
  yeah i get it , but also lithuania was recreated in 1991 as a legal succesor of interwar republic of lithuania yet they granted citizenship to all residents of lithuanian ssr, 
  why so ? 
  we are talking about 6 and 12 percent of people, 
  you just decided that huge portion of the population was not good enough to become a citizen of country , by thuis stripped them of their basic political and human rights ; for me it is similiar to a fascist practices . 
  and i 'm not one of this guy that thinks all the baltic countries and ukraine are in fact fascist and so on, 
  no ; if poland move to you , than yes could get all of this , 
  nobody is speaking about preserving language . 
  we are speaking about stateless person, 
  you are fooling yourself, 
  lithuania in 1991 granted citizenship to all residents of lithuanian ssr, 
  why so ? 
  that the way baltic countries deals with national minorities is against international regulations and reminds me fascist practices , especially huge number of stateless person in latvia and estonia, 
  i 'm tired of you man , really, 
  but you know that term `` non-citizen '' exists only in latvian law ? 
  just read the whole article you linked : '  the issue of non-citizens has been equated to the problem of statelessness . 
  non-citizens have been described as stateless by the osce parliamentary assembly [ 3 ] and by amnesty international . 
  [ 22 ] non-citizens are named as an example of problems of statelessness by commissioner for human rights , [ 5 ] although conceding that non-citizens may not prefer citizenship for their children , [ 23 ] and the un special rapporteur on contemporary forms of racism , racial discrimination , xenophobia and related intolerance recommends latvia `` revisit the existing requirements for naturalization with the objective of facilitating the granting of citizenship to non-citizens , implementing the commitments established by the 1961 convention on the reduction of statelessness . 
  '' [ 6 ] latvian ombudsman r. aps\u012btis has considered the `` specific legal status '' of non-citizens to be questionable from the viewpoint of international law . 
   estonia is not a party to the 1961 convention on the reduction of statelessness or the european convention on nationality ; nor has it acceded to the 1954 convention relating to the status of stateless persons . 
  thus , to date , estonia has not signed or ratified any of the conventions regarding the reduction of statelessness or the rights and status of stateless persons . 
  the reason offered by estonian authorities is that , in their assessment , there are no stateless persons in estonia , just a number of individuals with undefined citizenship ; therefore , the state has no need to join these conventions . 
  it is , you just did not ratified it, 
  i 'm not called you a fascist , lol man, 
  lol , what 's my agenda ? 
  so yeah baltic countries is too broad term in that case , lithuania dealed with this issue in a civlized manner unlike estonia/latvia, 
  you are a troll , that have no ability of listening and will to understand other people opinions and arguments . 
  also if posting `` oh look , bigger fascist dictatorship is talking '' is not trolling , i do n't know what is, 
  are polish people that moved to latvia during communist era are also a `` colonizers brought by occupational force '' ? 
  because , guess what , they are also a stateless persons, 
  [ tell it to united nations ] ( http://www.ohchr.org/en/issues/pages/nationality.aspx ) :  statelessness  the 1954 convention relating to the status of stateless persons defines `` stateless person '' as `` a person who is not considered as a national by any state under the operation of its law . '' the exact number of stateless people is not known , but unhcr estimates that there are at least 10 million globally . 
  in addition to violations of their right to a nationality , stateless persons are subject to several other human rights violations . 
  states shall introduce safeguards to prevent statelessness by granting their nationality to persons who would otherwise be stateless and are either born in their territory or are born abroad to one of their nationals.states shall also prevent statelessness upon loss or deprivation of nationality . 
  you are wrong or missing the point . 
  omg this guy , delete account, 
  they are required to learn language in shools , but they are not stateless it they do not know the official language, 
  lol, 
  i 'm not saying you should take example of poland after the war . 
  first of all we are talking about stateless people in today 's europe . 
  secondly , it 's you that brought up expulsion of germans after the war , and i never said it was a good thing , it was a very bad thing actuallu imo, 
  just read the title of the post dude, 
  you are missing the point . 
  they are russians that lived there for several generations before modern estonian state was created , they not emigrated to estonia afterwards , so they are citizens of estonia de facto , as a inhabitants of the land that became state of estonia in 1991 . 
  2 ) since always, 
  what kremlin propaganda ? 
  you are of course wrong . 
  there were period of active colonisation of polish lands from all three sides , it of course varies in time , but that was a fact , it 's enough to mention hakata , colonisation of che\u0142mszczyzna and so on . 
  but that 's not my point . 
  we are talking about stateless person in today 's baltic countries, 
  national minority is not obliged to speak in the language of the country they live in, 
  first of all i was talking about prewar poland that was fully sovereign state and got independence in 1918 . 
  also not every german was expelled from poland and annexed territories after the war , some of them stayed until today , some of them moved away several years after the war , but most importantly there was never a huge category of stateless person in communist poland , certainly not 30 years after the war . 
  but when they moved to estonia they did not crossed any border , they moved within the borders of one country , is it that hard to understand ? 
  they are member of national minority , so they are not require to speak in a local language . 
  1 ) no , ability to speak in official language is not a requirement of permanent residents 2 ) and russians in estonia according to all international standards are members of national minority, 
  poland during partitions was also `` colonized '' by different ethnic groups . 
  many germans settled in wielkopolska and galicja , russian moved to a kingdom of poland , there was a huge immigration of jews to central poland from russia and so on ; and all this was granted a polish citizenship in the day one of polish independence , prewar poland was n't maybe the best in dealing with minorities and overall in a ethinc policy , but it was obvious for everyone , that every man living within polish borders is and should be citizen of the polish state . 
  this is a wrong way of thinking and yes it is very discriminating and ethinc-oriented, 
  almost every country requires knowledge of official language if you want to acquire citizenship , but no one has this requirement if you are a member of minority , in that case the state is obliged to provide its citzens with services in their language, 
  why the immigration is illegal ? 
  i get it that you were annexed by ussr , and there was not a legal estonian governement , but you can not compare it to illegal immigration . 
  but you know the this requirements are against any of international standard and are just against basic understanding of human rights ? 
  tha basic right of a human being is to speak the language of its choose, 
  this silent , crawling fascism in baltic states baffles me every time . 
  how on earth member of eu can refuse basic human rights of its inhabitants ? 
  and we are talking about refugees status as an issue ... 
  but white ruthenia was actually a moscow and surroundings for a long time, 
  yeah it was , but other regions are comparable . 
  jan zamoyski was a sole creator of zamoyski 's fortune and he had at the beginning four villages . 
  it was around 170 villages at its high and was the most wealthy polish originated family , and yet all the estates was located in red ruthenia , same with lubomirskis, 
  can we really said that britons success ?
