  we basically lost war , was n't able to achieve original goals , which was to dismantle russian empire . 
  partially because ukrainians did not want to support petlura 's governement , and ukrainian troops failed to capture odessa , which was a city of strategical importance ( with the sea port upr was able to sell grains to the west , which not suprisingly was one thing they cared about ) . 
  and we did n't split any territory since galicja was a part of polish territory according to pilsudski-petlura treaty . 
  soviets did n't want to include upr representative during peace talks since they were claiming that there is only one ukrainian state - ukrainian soviet republic . 
  polish side was strong enough to pursue on this matter ( and it was basically imposible ) . 
  and we annexed large regions on the east . 
  but we were either a majoirty there ( galicia , wilno ) or sizeable minority ( you can see [ here ] ( https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/plik:polish_language_frequency_in_poland_in_1931.png ) . 
  plus we are talking about belarusians and ukrainians which were a stateless nations back than . 
  we did not held any territories were the majority were people of any neighboring countries , whic could n't be said about all our neighbours ( polish majority regions were in lithuania , germany , russia and czechoslovakia ) . 
  and i 'm not saying that we did n't have any `` imperialistic '' aims and dreams , it just pissing me off when lithuanians are pretending they were neighbors , constantly under polish thread . 
  when in fact you were any different . 
  you were backstabing almost every of your neighbors . 
  germany when you anexed memel , poland on many occasions , mostly during polish-soviet war , latvia during their struggle with soviets . 
   our neutrality was questionable , does n't mean we were their allies you can be neutral or not , if you are not then you are ally . 
  lithuania was pursuing short-sighted anti-polish policy , i get that you may seen as enemies , but it was rather obvious for everyone that russia , escpecially soviet russia , is far the biggest thread to everyone . 
   they might as well burn in hell like soviets you are just proving how small-minded nationalist you are . 
   those were not imperialistic goals , only ethnographic regions where lithuanians used to be majority before other nations took over with their people . 
  excpet vilnius and to some extent suwa\u0142ki and memel regions those lands never were lithuanian in ethnographic sense , only ( in excpetion of memelland ) were within borders of medieval and early modern lithuania . 
   they were on your side because you promised them their independence . 
  while in the end you sold half of their land to soviet russia while annexed other half . 
  please do n't talk bull shit , i 'm not buying it . 
  border between poland and ukraine was established after polish-western ukrainian war of 1919 in the pilsudski-petlura treaty . 
  and the border was the same as polish eastern border established in riga peace treaty . 
  in fact goal of polish offensive against soviets was to establish independent ukraine , and after capturing kiev governement of upr was created there , at that time poland was only country alongside latvia and finland which was recognising ukrainian state . 
   we did n't lead anybody , they marched through territory they recognize to us , but we never held de facto control , only de jure . 
  `` the treaty also contained a secret clause allowing soviet forces unrestricted movement within soviet-recognized lithuanian territory for the duration of soviet hostilities with poland ; this clause would lead to questions regarding the issue of lithuanian neutrality in the ongoing polish-soviet war ''  it 's you not us who did that . 
  we never annexed any of those territories , just held de jure control , the only de facto control we had was during german occupation . 
  it does not matter . 
  lithuania had some imperialistic goals back then , wanted to gain lands without any lithuanian presence or with very small minority : wilno , grodno , suwa\u0142ki , memel and so on . 
   again poland fought for its own survival not for german , hungariarn , french , let alone lithuanian cause . 
  so i do n't give a shit about polish victory against ussr , these are not soldiers that i should be thankful for . 
  of course you should be thankful . 
  because only because polish victories at niemen and vistula rivers secured independence for all the middle european states . 
  and of course we were n't fighting only for polish cause . 
  at the polish side were troops of ukrainian and belarusian people 's republics , white russians , hungarians send ammunition and guns , latvians were also fighting alongside polish forces . 
  so no , we were n't fighting just for ourselves . 
  you have zero knowledge abotu this time period . 
  first of all you led soviet troops to march throughout your territory , it means of course you were they allies . 
  secondly you annexed large portions of polish and belarusian lands . 
  thirdly recognition by soviets meant almost nothing back then since soviet government was n't recognised by western powers as a legal russian government . 
  and of course if poland would collapse you would became another soviet republic in no time, 
  hahaha , you did not protect anything , just made an alliance with commies , just to see poland in ruins, 
  i would n't call it a `` victory '' if not a defeat of soviet troops in battle of warsaw lithuania would became part of ussr in just a couple months, 
  haha ok  yeah robert i the mighty, 
  what do you mean ? 
  but china was always densly populated on southern pacific shores, 
  actually one of the main land european trade routes from genoes cities on crimea , through rus towards western europe was going via poland - lw\u00f3w , krak\u00f3w , silesian wroc\u0142aw were the main trade points . 
  in krak\u00f3w was also another trade route from hungar to pomerania , gda\u0144sk and teutonic knights, 
  can i reserve bayern/bavaria ?? 
   i personally struggle to name two european neighbours as fundamentally different as poland and germany . 
  why you say that ? 
  even our history is comparable - big , decentralized empire with some sort or `` republican democracy '' in the past , huge role of nobles ( szlachta in poland , junkiers in prussia ) , late industrialisation and modernisation , relatively young nations and democracies ... 
  there are many similiarites between poland and germany , while the way states of belarus or ukraine were build is very different from polish and german model , as well from french and british way, 
  once polish , always polish, 
  actually we are moving border 1 meter per year . 
  but shush , russians are everywhere !, 
  and you think that anywhere in europe communism was welcome greatly ? 
  almost everywhere - latvia , ukraine , poland , was a fierce resistance against communism , which just could n't stand a chance against soviet war-machine . 
  you have fierce civil war between two domestic forces , no outside powers were involved . 
  without soviet help communists in poland would n't have enough support to even think about starting a war . 
  at least we have nice rounded borders , thank you mr stalin !, 
  great comics , one of the best childhood memories . 
  shame they never went to slavic areas , i know slavs are from different time period , but so were the normans ... 
  this could be a thing considering goscinny ( go\u015bcinny ! ), 
  had polish roots . 
  i 'm actually surprised that we are in surplus, 
  saying that lithuania today is not the same country as 99 years agoo like saying you are not the same person you were 3 years ago because like 99 % cells in your body was replaced ... 
  was, 
   s. narutowicz brother of our president . 
  the oldest , still exisitng , slavic state ? 
   the germans in western poland saw massive prosecution that 's actually not true, 
  well ah was n't better they were eager to do anything to prove that they are still superpower , not just loose federation of hating eachother nationalities ; start great war ? 
  why not !, 
  maybe no ? 
  we all know that franz ferdinand was supporting south-slavic claims to more important position within ah ; so it 's not like princip have killed some antislavic monster, 
  this was a german perspective, 
  i 'm ot saying princip actions were justified , be surely he was n't responsible for ww1, 
  but he was a yugoslav nationalist , he wanted to create state of all south slavs , not serbian empire, 
  ah would n't start the war without german support that 's for sure ; of course other countries had own reasons to start a war . 
  france wanted to take revenge , uk wanted to dismantle german fleet , russia wanted to get back to game after war with japan and so on . 
  but germans were afraid that their are surronded by hostile powers , and that in couple years they would be a second class power , for them only way to defend was to attack . 
  and russia was n't prepared for full scale war in 1914, 
   mayor of belgrade 's corruption we can expect something similiar in warsaw, 
  [ jan iii sobieski approves ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ef/schultz_jan_iii_sobieski.png ), 
  yeah but it was n't polish either in the prewar era , it was a free city . 
  plus poland had crushial interest in gda\u0144sk , that should be respected, 
  i think we should blame germany . 
  they were most eager to start a war in 1914 , because they knew that in couple years they would n't have a chance against russia or france even separately . 
  plus wilhelm ii gave ah a carte blanche , meaning he let them to start war with serbia . 
  and reaction of russia could n't be different they needed to protect their client on balkans - serbia, 
  idk maybe because in polish we use roman numbers when we speak about ww1 or 2, 
  i know / s but seriously saying that serbia ( or princip personally ) started iww is the same as saying that we started iiww because we did not want to give up gda\u0144sk ; it 's far more complicated, 
  * chocolate , cheese , clocks * one of the funniest asterix comics * jewish gold * very wealthy * many albanians is living there , so half of their national team has albanian roots * we won with them on euro , despite brilliant goal from shaqiri * they speak many languages * habsburg dynasty is from there - one of the best ck2 scenario * voltaire and rosseau were living in geneva * liga polska , polish nationalist organisation was established there , so thank you switzerland !, 
  * two polish presidents had strong ties with switzerland , actually they even had citizenship , and i 'm talking about gabriel narutowicza and ignacy mo\u015bcicki * in middle ages switzerland was divided among many nobles , cities , bishoprics and so on , they did n't create unite state to late middle ages * wilhelm tell * one of the greatest medieval battles for independence ( with habsburgs i believe ) , but i can not remember the name i guess that all what i had at the top of my head, 
  well i am qualified historian ... and as one i also can not understand your prejudice against pi\u0142sudski , who probably was only one prominent european politician , who was supporting ukrainian independence , and guess what evene was waging to achieve it . 
  and please do n't start discussion bandera = pi\u0142sudski, 
  kroo-la-vyatz `` a '' pronounce like in the word `` bad '', 
  what you talk about ? 
  all members of upa in 1943 were part of german auxiliary forces . 
  it was n't some kind of popular rebellion .
