  why should i ? 
  it was polish, 
  so maybe stop pretending that wilno/vilnius have nothing in common with poland ? 
  go on put peremyhesyleh on passports it would be hilarious xd, 
  where was poland ? 
  where is warsaw ? 
  i like how the cyclist calmly forced him to change the road, 
  we really do n't know , all we know are facts, 
  srsly you are not adolf hitler ? 
  can you put mr hitler on the phone ? 
  i do n't think so , since because of you we lost territories in the east and was puted under communist regime and soviet control which milked our economy and destroyed our society , plus we lost six millions people which still is a black hole in our demography , and do n't let me even mention all the destroyed priceless pieces of art and cultural heritage , approximately 13 thousands of stolen paintings and so on are still in germany, 
  dont start the world war if you ca n't handle consequences, 
  no actually gib back wilno grodno i lw\u00f3w, 
  we didnt even cross borders of estonia ... 
  omg just leave the box you live in, 
  do n't act like poland was in any way fairly recompensed for german attrocites . 
  gdp of poland in 1938 was approximately 77 billions of dollars , so 5 years of german occupation costs as around 385 billions of us dollars alone , add to this all destruction commited by germans , 6 millions of lives and you 'll see that we are far from fair compensation, 
  are you all talking about famous krzysztof kolumbowski ? 
  woman is maria sk\u0142odowska for sure , greatest man would be propably kazimierz the great, 
  i 'm acting alone , not sure about the rest, 
  i was looking for an answer , did not find any confirmation but it looks like it 's a new thing ;, 
  i think deus vult me to go and play some, 
  great attitude i hope someday it will be more common than it is today, 
  also it 's worth noted that ambassador himself posted this on his twitter with description : today we are commemorating victims of german crimes during warsaw uprising, 
  i disagree . 
  movie has some downsides ( poor acting of half of the crew , cringe moments , dubstep ) but overall it 's a great movie, 
  leave gwen alone , she 's beautiful the way she is, 
  this gone to far . 
  of course it survive . 
  nobody is touching the most valuable parts of the forest . 
  it 's not like pis is doing anything good for the forest , but for sure primeval forest is save, 
  roma , russians in latvia and estonia, 
  absurdity of this conflict is beyond everything, 
  suprsingly many eu countries has huge group of stateless inhabitants, 
  i like how estonia is trying to be nordic  so sweet, 
  if you are escaping from certain death or persecution you would stop in the first save place you come upon , that 's what refugee means , bit of your aim is just to try to find a better place to live you are just economical migrant, 
  in polish we also would rather say `` bawarski zamek neuschwanstein '' ( bavarian castle neuschwanstein ) but no one would say `` polski zamek w malborku '' ( 1940 results in google ) , because although it is located in poland , it 's always referred as `` zamek krzy\u017cacki w malborku '' ( teutonic castle in malbork , 252 000 results ) or just `` zamek w malborku '' without adding any adjective . 
  i get it , of course , but still do n't understand why you should make such a distinction ; in polish for example no one would use adjective in such a situation just to avoid confusion , nobody would say that for example `` jan kowalski zosta\u0142 wys\u0142any do \u0142otewskiego obozu koncetracyjnego kaiserwald '' ( jan kowalski was send to latvian concentration camp kaiserwald ) , instead he would say `` jan kowalski zosta\u0142 wys\u0142any do obozu koncetracyjnego kaiserwald na \u0141otwie '' ( jan kowalski was send to concentration camp kaiserwald in latvia ) and probably would add adjective `` nazi '' or `` german '' . 
  and if someone would be talking about better known concetration camps like aushwitz the location would be unnecessary . 
  especially since as you said everybody knows what auschwitz was , and if such knowledge is common in germany and do n't find a reason to add geographical location of the camp . 
   if you are talking about concentration camps or `` konzentrationslager '' during wwii , it is already clear that you mean german concentration camps , established and operated by german nazis . 
  no of course not . 
  because many other countries established concetration camps on its own . 
  yes because obviously what i 've wrote `` would 've made an excellent ss-sturmmann '' , and he call me an idiot , and tell that all i want is to kill jews , do you really believe what you are saying ? 
   polnisch polnisch just mean the same as `` polish '' in english or `` polski '' in polish , and depeneding on a context it could both means that something belongs to `` poland '' or have distinctive features to call it that way or is located in poland . 
  why so ? 
  ghetto uprising is more part of shoah memory than part of polish martyrology , and brand 's gesture was seen more as taking responsibility for crimes towards european jews than towards polish people, 
  look my answer to other post , and it was monument of warsaw ghetto uprising heroes, 
  i really said everything , i do n't feel the need to specify it more . 
  do i really need to quote myself ? 
   of course all jews living in poland were polish citizens , many of them considered themselves poles , and they truly were polish, 
  omg ; i studied history , i know history of my country and i am schooled by some internet anons who thinks they know everything . 
  the point i was making was that germans took full responsibility for holocaust and the destruction of european jewry , but they never did anything comparable about polish people , or any other nation they persecuted ( except of gypsies ) . 
  the gesture of willy brandt was historical and truly touching , but it was directed to jewish victimis of german atrocities . 
  of course all jews living in poland were polish citizens , many of them considered themselves poles , and they truly were polish, 
  lol you are stupid , calling me names and making me look like a antisemite , and all of this from a guy who `` do n't care about the survivors feelings at all '' . 
  they were jews , some of them polish jews, 
  * kniefall von warschau ( german for `` warsaw genuflection '' ) refers to a gesture of humility and penance by german chancellor willy brandt towards the victims of the warsaw ghetto uprising * germans apologised many times for holocaust , but they never apologised for crimes committed on a people of polish origins, 
  why do you need to specify ? 
   no , i do n't . 
  and i do n't care about the survivors feelings at all . 
  germany has been apologizing for over 70 years now . 
  every day , every hour , every minute of her existence . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  nobody ever apologised for crimes committed in poland , on polish people, 
  stupid dutch people trying to fill the ocean , you can not do it , you morons !, 
  you will never be england , does n't matter how much you try !, 
  and both french press and linked article did not say anything about americans , it 's almost like people are not reading linked articles, 
  the only difference between him and hitler was that he wanted to end war when germany have something to bargain while hitler wanted to fight till death, 
  not my hero, 
  still better than entire military history of romania, 
  yeah of course , polish effort in saving jews is mentioned here and there ( though we still do n't have movie about pilecki ir karski ) , but there is nothing about polish war effort . 
  there was a movie about battle of britain where main heroes were ... czechs , many movies about enigma without even mentioning polish efforts , same with company of heroes , usually war starts in 1941 or in the best case 1940 as in dunkirk case, 
  what about no ? 
  you are joking right ? 
  the thing that someone has political views does not means that he is politicaly influenced, 
   the problem is that judges in poland are already political that 's not actually true . 
  reform should at the first place improve the speed of courts work and create the institution simliar to justice of the peace, 
  exactly this ; in last election coalition of postcommunist left and green party get 7,55 % , ultraliberals 4,76 % and social-democratic razem get 3,62 % , so almost 15 % of voters get no representation at all, 
  poland is the space !, 
  hey guys i care about you !, 
  poland is n't on the earth ? 
  if good growth can not be considered a proof of rulling party economic competence what could it be ? 
  so like there is no hope ? 
  historical flag of monarchic france was in fact white , it was a colour of royalty and burbon dynasty, 
  it supposed to mean `` we demand three separate powers of government '' , but yeah i get what you mean, 
  nothing symbolise polish history than wawel, 
   not to mention the rampant corruption . 
  i agree they can achieve far more , but srsly i did not see any real evidence of this `` rampant corruption '' ; only people who do not remeber sld 's governement could say that, 
  watch hostel ... you 'll know everything, 
  i was expecting auschwitz, 
  are you kidding me ? 
  but it 's probably first time in history when we received any money transfer from germany , and it should be some kind of cycle ... 
  they 're doing it all the time , i was happy i finally found the place to complain !, 
  can you post a link to mentioned website ? 
   first time in history polish sejm has clear majority , how is that usual ? 
  how is different in this case from po+psl ? 
  art . 
  they are still elected by members of several bodies - bundestag and 16 landtags , not like in the polish case by sejm usually dominated by one party ; also polish constitution states explicly that members of krs should be elected by a other judges !, 
   poland should be granted a `` special status '' in the eurasian sphere .
