  tim snyder wrote some good pieces about that . 
  and why do you think polish books can not be good or unbiased ?? 
  for example grzegorz motyka is universally respect scholar and his works are viewed as the best on this matter, 
  yeah there is a difference , but they are not a totally different . 
  both are progressive , which means they view progress as a way to build a better society . 
  and also view a history as a story of human progress . 
  both also failed numerous times in implementing they doctrines in reality, 
  it 's a social theory, 
  marxism view a class conflict as a way the societes are achieving progress , how they managed to change socio-economic system to more advance one, 
  do you or do you not now that there is n't too much difference between progressivism and marxism , since marxism is a progressivist ideology ? 
  feminism never described relation between genders in the same manner as a old-marxist described class struggle . 
  it 's not exactly like this . 
  marx did n't come up with a hypothesis and was just looking for its confirmation and eventually find it , because if you are looking for something you will find it by just ignoring contradictory arguments and evidences . 
  his theory was created on the basis of philosophical analysis , you find it in his early works , escpecially in the difference between the democritean and epicurean philosophy of nature . 
  the original marxist hypotesys was n't a `` false consciousness '' but an `` alienation '' first on the basis of religion and hegelian idealism , later materialist alienation on the basis of economy . 
  theory of `` false consciousness '' is easy to be debunked , but in reality it is n't and never was an influential or crucial part of marxist thinking . 
  gramsci 's `` hegemony '' is actually what really matters and it could n't described as a `` pseudo-science '' in popper 's terms . 
  yeah but in reality nietzsche have almost nothing in common with nazism , they just like to quote some juicy nitzsche 's remarks , just to sound more `` intelectual '' , while relation between marx and bolshevism is much closer . 
  i am not saying they are exactly the same , but the bolshevic policy was a logical implementation of some marxist radical ideas . 
  same thing with smith . 
  people think he wrote about free market and so on , when actually he wrote mostly about state , and how to create a modern state and society, 
  dude , really read some books, 
  but all of this was very well investigated , and soem very good books were published on thaht matter edit : are you really compare it to the crucified soldier story ? 
  scene showed in the clip is a depiction of a death of real person cpt zygmunt rumel , who died exactly like that , in same circumstances , on the hand of the same people, 
  what you mean ? 
  why not ? 
  place good as other, 
  al was not against uprising , they of course did not support ak and did not want to be associated with them . 
  al was trying to portay themselves as an only active anti-german force in poland . 
  actually the fear that commies would start the uprising before the formal ak 's order was one of the reason of the rush in komorowski 's staff . 
  actually in 1770 personal union was ended and poland was ruled by a stanis\u0142aw august poniatowski, 
  monte cassino ? 
  it 's amazing that guys that are buried there went all the way from poland , thorugh russia , syberia , iran , syria , africa , sicily just to fight with nazis, 
  when jesus had died , christianity was a small group of mostly illiterate jews , spread out on entire empire , when mohamet had died , muslims ruled on entire arabian penisula and were preparing to conquer syria , egypt , persia ... 
  of course it was an occupation . 
  let me just remind you berlin 1948 , budapest 1956 , praha 1968 ... 
  space ? 
  so we are excluded again ? 
  because of ( at least ) two reasons : 1 . 
  you can not separate one from another , relative stability in russia was achieved simple through enourmous number of human victims . 
  which , let me remind you , majority was of russian nationality . 
  guy was a lunatic . 
  he was maniac , who was able to imprison or even kill every german of pole in su if he thought , that this nation is threating him or conspiring against his rule , not the individuals , but the whole nation . 
  yeah , moreover it was n't considered as an national anthem until very much later . 
  it was very popular , mickiewicz mention it in the first chapter of pan tadeusz , as a proof that soplica 's house is very patriotic , but the official anthem in the congress poland was `` bo\u017ce , co\u015b polsk\u0119 '' . 
  in fact `` d\u0105browski 's mazurka '' was a very good , catchy song , popular among xix-century revolutionaries especially in the eastern part of continent . 
  it influenced pan-slavic anthem `` hey , slavs '' which later became offcial anthem of yugoslavia , also anthems of bulgaria and ukraine are influenced by mazurka, 
  come to slavica asterix one day !!, 
  early modern era , often term modern refers to the period after industrial revolution , which totally changed way people live and think, 
  well not really , gda\u0144sk , wroc\u0142aw , warszawa and other cities had its historical centres rebuild from ruins by our communist regime , all churches including . 
  of course almost entire xix-century parts were not rebuild , but that 's whole different story . 
  hitler was n't in auschwitz, 
  yeah i remeber i was in krak\u00f3w one day , everybody was enjoying very sunny day , having fun , eating ice cream , listening to a street musicians . 
  and only a group of british people were entirely drunk , very loud and half-naked , and it was n't even a midday . 
  so much bad history i cant even comprehend it . 
  bandera was as much antipolish and anti-semitic as any other ukrainian nationalist in the beginning of the xx century . 
  after konovalets and doncov death bandera was the most influential figure in the whole movement , especially in uon-b , which he created . 
  should i remind you about galitzien nachtigal , lviv pogrom ?? 
  only in modern polish . 
  in old-polish the meaning was exactly a borderland . 
  there is an etnographic land in northern poland called krajna , and it is exactly at the border between pomerania and kujavia . 
  no it 's not . 
  we all know that bandera was n't a regular prisoner , he was kept in special part as a political prisoner and his living conditions were much better , he for example have access to an outside world , so he can easily exchange intel with his counterparts in occupied poland . 
  moreover sachsenhausen was n't a death camp but a konzentration lager , the difference is huge . 
  also we dont have confirmation that bandera ordered genocide of polish people but for sure it was conducted by a members of his organisation , and he was one of creator of its antipolish integral nationalistic and at least semi-fashist view, 
  bandera was responsible for ethnic cleansing , he was a head of uon-b , organisation that was solely responsible for genocide . 
  also the other `` prominent figure '' you mentioned shukhevich was equaly bad if not worse than bandera, 
  wow what a russophobia ; they are not illegal, 
  all historical center was reconstructed , the late xix century and early xx century buildings were not , because they were not considered historicaly valueable at that time, 
  it was during euro 2008 , when benhakker was our coach and we were going to play a all stakes game with germany, 
  not like anybody was asking , but we alsi have tabloids in poland , and [ here is one of their greatest achievements ] ( http://weszlo.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/po-okadkach-superexpressu-i-faktu.-leo-beenhakker-pyta-co-to-za-gwno-1212607818_okladki.jpg ), 
  basically since 1648 we were in almost constant shit . 
  countless invasion , total subordination of state to neighboring powers , finally partitions , couple of failed uprsings , germanisation , russification , ww1 , short period of independence , ww2 , communism , total economic crisis , and at least couple of last years was fairly good for us . 
  i am not supporting kaczy\u0144ski and our current governement but its understandable while people support his nationalistic rhetoric , when your country was couple times in last 300 years on the edge of total anihiltion you became more xenophobic . 
  i like this quote from hugo 's les miserables :  above all things , the great violence of 1772 aroused him . 
  there is no more sovereign eloquence than the true in indignation ; he was eloquent with that eloquence . 
  he was inexhaustible on that infamous date of 1772 , on the subject of that noble and valiant race suppressed by treason , and that three-sided crime , on that monstrous ambush , the prototype and pattern of all those horrible suppressions of states , which , since that time , have struck many a noble nation , and have annulled their certificate of birth , so to speak . 
  all contemporary social crimes have their origin in the partition of poland . 
  the partition of poland is a theorem of which all present political outrages are the corollaries . 
  there has not been a despot , nor a traitor for nearly a century back , who has not signed , approved , counter-signed , and copied , ne variatur , the partition of poland . 
  when the record of modern treasons was examined , that was the first thing which made its appearance . 
  the congress of vienna consulted that crime before consummating its own . 
  1772 sounded the onset ; 1815 was the death of the game . 
  such was feuilly 's habitual text . 
  this poor workingman had constituted himself the tutor of justice , and she recompensed him by rendering him great . 
  the fact is , that there is eternity in right . 
  warsaw can no more be tartar than venice can be teuton . 
  kings lose their pains and their honor in the attempt to make them so . 
  sooner or later , the submerged part floats to the surface and reappears . 
  greece becomes greece again , italy is once more italy . 
  the protest of right against the deed persists forever . 
  the theft of a nation can not be allowed by prescription . 
  these lofty deeds of rascality have no future . 
  a nation can not have its mark extracted like a pocket handkerchief . 
  probably around 250 thousands of polish artificats is still in russia , many of the are also in other post-soviet republics or were sold abroad , to western europe or usa . 
  not everybody knows but oldest russian library was created of books and manuscripts from oldest public libraries in europe - the zaluski 's library . 
  well actually it reminds me sad history ... 
  in 1920 russians loose war with us and we 're forced to give us all historical documents artifacts and so on , sadly almost all of it was destroyed by germans in 1944 ... 
  so ironically they were saver in moscow, 
  well we already celebrate three days of yours independence , and now this,
