  also i did not linked you any article . 
   one thing is for sure : it 's a really weak argument for a `` german identity and unity '' . 
  i was never advocating this . 
  all what i did say is that : austria was a part of germany as any other duchy - bavaria , swabia , saxony you name it in the times of the siege of vienna . 
   and thus fits the least in that prussian construct that would be called `` germany '' maybe the least , but still fits nonetheless, 
  austria in 17th century was a part of germany , historically , politically , geographically , culturally , linguistically and ethnically ... what do you not understand ? 
  so charles the hammer the hammer ? 
  do you have any reliable sources that kingdom of germany ceased to exist in 11th century ? 
  for example concordat of worms distinguished between teutonicum regnum ( german kingdom ) , where monarch could freely elected bishops , and aliae parte imperii ( other parts of imperium ) , where his rights were limited . 
  for pope teutoincum regnum lied north of the alpes . 
  later henry vi become ruler under his father as `` rex alemannie '' , again in the lands lying north of the alpes . 
  the title was in use throught the whole era , as i metnioned earlier even leopold styled himself as a king of germany . 
   using the term `` king '' or `` kingdom '' to make a point ( like there was more of a `` german unity '' ) is also nonsense i never did that . 
   `` king '' in german would be `` k\u00f6nig '' , though the rex in that period was about to become the `` kaiser '' ( emperor ) , the `` non-german '' parts of the `` kingdom '' respectively the early hre were n't kingdoms either ( not even bohemia ) and he was about as much a `` king of the germans '' as he was a `` king of the romans '' ( another title he used ) no there was clear distinction between king ( rex ) and emperor ( imperator , augustus ) in medieval and early modern germany . 
  the title `` king of the romans '' was adopted by elected monarchs before official coronation in rome , although i agree that it was sometimes mixed/replaced by the title `` king of germany/germans/in germany '' ( you call it ) . 
  but in numerous occasions these two titles functioned seprately . 
   2 . the single leaders of the duchies , princedoms , elector counts and margraviates in the later hre reigned mostly autonomous it did not change the fact that `` kingdom of germany '' existed as a political concept  3 . with the exception of bohemia the parts of the later hre you would n't consider german did n't have a `` king '' either . 
  so using the argument that austria did n't have a king at that time does not work ( and becomes even stupid when you consider how often the emperors were austrians ) . 
  i never used this argument . 
  and as i said earlier there was many kingdoms within hre but only one king ( two when bohemia was ruled by a king , who was not a emperor at the same time ) . 
   what the fuck are you even talking , the modern concept of `` germany '' was n't even a thing at that time yet . 
  i was ' t talking about modern concept of germany, 
  [ j\u00f3zef pi\u0142sudski ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/j%c3%b3zef_pi%c5%82sudski ) stopped soviets from conquering whole europe , supported independence of eastern european states, 
  charles martel or charles `` the hammer '' , choose one, 
  the issue is n't the ownership of the term `` germany '' . 
  the issue is `` can we call 17th century austrians also a `` germans '' ? 
  in my opinion yes . 
  and moreover the army gathered in vienna before the arrival of polish forces can be called `` german army '' . 
  i 'm always eager to educate firendly redditors . 
  all the kingdom you mentioned werer created after vienna congress in 1815 , let me remind you that hre was dissolved in 1806 , and emporer was stripped out of his titles that was referencing to his universal rule over entire world and germany in particular , since that time he was n't called king of romans , elected emperor , ever august or king of germany ( or king in germany ) , 2 years before he adopted the title of emperor of austria . 
  so the kingdom of germany ceased to exist in 1806 , later several german kingdomes were created . 
  it is worth noted that prussian king styled himself as `` king in prussia '' in pre-napoleonic era , as he was king only in prussia , which lay outside of both germany and hre , in hre was only elector of brandenburg . 
  i did not call hre germany at any point , i am talking about a kingdom of germany , which was one of the parts of hre, 
  ahhh not worth it, 
  it was a very good deal , podole was crucial , if vienna failed we would lose a lot more, 
  the saint, 
  actually they were not , there was only one short war , after election of batory afaik, 
  yeah , i know about that , but we shared borther with them since middle ages , crimean tatars are the worst pain in the ass if you ask me, 
  yeah of course , if we are tlaking about fighting with kebabs hungarian effort was far bigger , but i was just pointing out that polish fights with them did not started in 1683 , but at least in xiii century - mongols , tatars , turks and so on, 
  the holry roman empire consisted of several kingdoms : kingdom of germany ( regnum teutonicorum , deutsches reich ) , kingdom of italy , kingdom of bohemia , kingdom of burgundy . 
  duchy of austria , which was only a vienna and surroundings over the river of danube , was a part of kingdom of germany . 
  it was obvious for everyone that austria is part of germany till late 19th century , and even then the notion that austrians are fully separate nation was n't fully formed . 
  did you never hear about gro\u00dfdeutsche l\u00f6sung ? 
  it 's not like that . 
  austria was a part of germany since middle ages , austrians speaks german language , they were part of the reich , it 's nothing controversial about this , and i do n't want to insult anybody . 
   does n't make the austrians czech , or the czech serbs , or serbs poles . 
  xd of course not . 
  but austria was a part of the kingdom of germany . 
  also austrians were considered germans , just like prussians or swabians, 
  well yes , but also as a king of germany ... still do not know what 's funny about it ... 
  what was funny about that ? 
  leopold styled himself as a king of germany, 
  did i say something wrong ? 
  that 's false austria was part of the kingdom of germany since its creation to its end . 
  leopold himself was a king of germany . 
  i do n't underestimate them , but as i said they were first european power in xviith , hardly to say same thing in xxth century, 
  well not only to me , but for everybody in xvii century , they were germans . 
  and i never said that it was n't an international effort and we should n't be thankfull to all the participants . 
  but you started by underestmating polish contribution which was crucial, 
  ok , so let 's count it according to wikipedia : 11k in vienna 47k of germans 27k of poles together it 's 85k of soldiers ( 90k with volunteers ) , so polish forces were a 31 percent ( of 30 ) , so as i said one third, 
  also it worth noted that in the eyes of the emperor jan iii was n't equal and he did not considered him as a king . 
  after the victory in the letter to jan iii leopold titled him as a `` duke of polish kingdom '' , also during the meeting he totally overlooked the king 's son prince jakub , which was universally considered as a huge disrespect, 
  well maybe , but probably some else would made a military plan of the battle , while we know for sure that sobieski was a single man responsible for planning the battle and preparing the strategy, 
  same goes with johannes hevelius, 
  i think the whole world should be proud of her . 
  one of the greatest people in history, 
  he also said that austrians should glorify him more than we , which is overstatement, 
  poland is one of the closest us allies in europe since the fall of communism, 
  also it 's not like we do not do anything to prevent car accidents, 
  this is the most stupid comparison . 
  the same way you can say that holocaust was nothing because these people would die nonetheless , you know in traffic , on diseases, 
  i respect him but i think i must try it myself , you know , just to be sure, 
  but society was divided , economy was in the same situation if not worse as in uk , country was at the brink of communist revolution , later came disastrous wars in vietnam and in algeria ... 
  he was n't . 
  hard to blame him that most of his reign was never-ending war . 
  also he reformed army , and was really close to abolish election and strenghting monarchy . 
  hard to compare kebabs in xviii century the strongest empire in europe and in xx , the sick man of europe . 
  he get back podolia and peace on southern border for more than 100 years , pretty good achievement . 
  nobody is overlooking them . 
  and sobieksi was main commander because he was famous military leader and have by far the most experience of all of the other commanders, 
  well polish army counted 25k of soldiers , total league forces 75 k , so one-third was polish , also more than a half of cavalary was polish , so polish contribution was pivotal . 
  also sobieski was n't elected main commander just because he was highest ranking noble , but beacause he was famous military leader and kebab remover . 
  micha\u0142 kazimierz pac who was leading lithuanian army in years 1667-1682 wasted twice great victories of polish army and sobieski . 
  firstly during polish-tatar war , when his retreat wasted opportunity to capture ukraine , secondly in 1673 he almost left the campaign just before the great victory of khotyn and later he did not help in sobieski 's efforts to conquer prussia . 
  awful man . 
  well poland was doing good job in keeping ruskis away of europe , no need to thank , also vienna was n't the first time we crossed swords with kebabs , varna , cecora , khotyn ? 
  was he worse than micha\u0142 korybut , augustus ii and iii , jan kazimierz , zygmunt iii ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  he was succesfull military leader , he reformed army ( that was unreformed since batory and later reforms were during the great sejm ) , he wanted to annex ducal prussia and renew alliance with tureky , france and sweden , which was a vital interest of poland . 
  can you really blame him for a partitions that took place hundred years later ? 
  also austria was n't interested in annexing polish lands , they did it just because in other case russia and prussia would took all for themselves, 
  not only that , poland was despite what you may think for really long time an ally of turkey also the existence of poland was valuable for turkey , because their main enemy was russia and habsburgs, 
  thanks to his success kebabs were removed from podolia and hungary, 
  i think both of them are comprable . 
  sobieski is known mostly because of vienna and great turkish war , but he had far more achievements , particulary battle of khotyn was very spectacular and also famous attack on tatar hordes in 1672 was a huge success, 
  but hard it to compare to french or german experience in both world wars , or spanish civil war, 
  yeah but they were never occupied and they won both wars , and both wars were not more disastrous for uk than napoleonic wars , yet the outcome was so much different, 
  by far one of the best channels in youtube, 
  it must be kind of depressing to be a british 20th century politician and witnessed the slow collapsing of the once by far strongest in the world empire . 
  there was n't even any huge disaster like in the french , getman , spanish case that would somehow justify this swift change,
