  yeah i know that , i 'm just pinpointing difference between declarations and deeds of bolshevik government , check out wiki on [ declaration of the rights of the peoples of russia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/declaration_of_the_rights_of_the_peoples_of_russia ) , they declared right of every nation of russian empire to independence , they even signed border aggreements with ukraine , baltic states and belarus i suppose . 
  but it do n't prevented them for attacking and eventually anexing those countries . 
  and this is a geopolitical constans that without ukraine russia is just an wast but relativly weak and peripheral state , and russian politicians from time of ivan grozny to today know this and always will try to at least have ukraine in their zone of influence , no mattter if it is lenin , czar , putin , lvov , denikin , gorbachev or any other . 
   stealing ha , but the inhabidants of vilnius and vilnius region wanted to be a part of poland not lithuania . 
  in fact , and it 's an open secret , if there would be held a plebiscite on those lands probably even kovno should be a part of poland , because polish people were majority even there . 
  they recognize their independence de facto but were n't willing to give up those lands . 
  in theory latvia , ukraine and so one were n't part of russia because they were theoretically `` independente '' soviet republic that were just `` federated '' within soviet union . 
  but we all knows the truth, 
  so the succesor of chinese empire should manchuria or mongolia ? 
  since both countires conquered china at some point, 
   you occupied territories that were n't even polish majority , you sell out belarus and ukraine to ussr . 
  poland did n't not sell out ukraine to ussr , poland and ukraine just lost the war with ussr and were n't capable to conquer lands of ukraine peoples republic , one reason was that symon petlura was n't able to find popular recognition in central ukraine and ukrainian forces were too small , at its peak it was probably six or seven divisions , when polish command was counting on at least twice that . 
  and the border between polish and soviet state was the same as the one established between poland and ukraine in 1920 . 
  well it is n't . 
  if you look closely on russian political map of 1917 you would find out that there was n't a single one political force which was willing to give up any land of former russian empire . 
  i mean they were probably to accept polish independence in the borders of congress poland , but for example independence of ukraine was virtually impossible for any political party . 
  even bolsheviks were n't willing to do so , despite of theris `` internationalism '' and `` cosmopolitanism '' . 
  the victory of white movement would n't change anything , since they did n't recognize ukrainian state and so western allies . 
  witcher online , you 'll see !, 
  is this landbergis gabrielis is son of the older landbergis , former president ? 
  if so is his policy different than father ? 
  genocide is n't part of war , it 's very stupid to say that , and in the way it justifies deeds those who murder innocent people . 
  rwandian genocide was n't in time of war , and there are numerous examples of wars withour genocides . 
  attrocites probably yes , genocide ? 
  certainly not . 
  and kirstallnacht was n't genocide it was a persecution of jewish people , holocaust was a genocide but it started later . 
  and bandera never unified ukraine . 
  even today he is praised only in western parts of country . 
  his army counted at its peak around 40k soldiers , and there were numerous other often bigger guerilla formations , not mentioning huge soviet partisan movement , where many ukrainians fought also . 
  but not only , you should check the name of tara bulba borowe\u0107 , who was a anti-communist and proukranian fighter , and also anti-polish , but he was strongly against the genocide . 
  and bandera was n't even a fighter , he did n't fight in regular combat . 
  in prewar era he only made orders whom to kill , and before he got arrested his troops did n't take part in any serious combat . 
  and what is more important ukraine was n't our enemy even at that time . 
  there was a polish-ukrainian antibolshevik alliance in 1920 , and after that ukrainian governement-in-exile has its seat in warsaw . 
   he was trying to either avenge his ancestors or , more plausible , trying to get rid of massive `` polonizing '' of western ukraine . 
  really ? 
  which ancestros ? 
  and by this logic we should go to ukraine and slain thousands of ukrainians ? 
  and volhynia was n't polonized , there was 16-20 % percent of polish people , rest was jews or ukrainians . 
  you should check out books of tim snyder on this topic . 
  do modern romania have anything in common with roman dacia ? 
  no , but romanians have different view . 
  and bandera was rascist , and i know that polish and ukrainian people are the same race and they even are very close related , but he had different view , he treated poles as a different race and eternal enemy , and so his followers . 
  just read anything what dontcov wrote , the main theorist of ukrainian nationalisit movement . 
  he is really much closer to hitler than mussolini or franco . 
   i respect bandera for not being a nazi puppet nor a dictatorship praising nutjob but he was nazi puppet , almost entire time . 
  and he was praising dictatorship and he certainly was n't a democrat . 
   uprisings can not be made in a peaceful way of course not , but it does n't imply genocides . 
  and there was n't any anti-polish uprising or polish-ukrinian war at that time, 
   it is lame to associate yourself with people who have lived on your land 1-2000 years ago but everybody is doing it , french people associate themselves with gauls , and so on . 
  and kievan rus had center in kiev so today 's ukraine . 
  i 'm not denying the bias . 
  but polish people have different opinion about other ukrainian politicians like khmielnitskiy , khrushevskyi , petlura , they were fighting with poland but were very different than bandera or shukhchevyvh , who were just brutal and racist . 
  it 's the same difference like between bismarck and hitler or catherine and stalin . 
  bandera was fighting against nazi in years 1941-44 , and even in those years there were short periods of collaboration . 
   poles have been oppressing the ukrainians since the dawn of time not so much . 
  and our policy toward ukrainian was n't the wisest but certainly it not justifie the oun planned genocide of polish people . 
  for me it 's less controversial than italians identyfing themselves with roman empire or egyptian with ancient egypt , hec even romanians identify themselves with roman dacia . 
  and i do n't think that anyone in poland have bad opinion on bandera just because he was ukrainian policitian and was fighting with poland , he is despised because he was a chief and organizer of nationalistic and semi-nazi organization oun-b , which planned and conducted genocide of polish people in volhynia and galicia . 
  and in my opinion was n't succesfull politican and for sure not the most prominenet ukrainian official of 20th century , not to mention in the whole history . 
  during polish rule he did n't achieve anything of note , only `` succeses '' was to assasinate couple polish officials and get arrested , he did n't build any structures or manage to entail uprising . 
  his `` great days '' was as a collaborator of nazi germany in years 1939-41 , after he was arrested again . 
  what 's more important he was probably german agent all the time , he even was trying to renew alliance with iii reich in 1944 , instead looking for improvement of relation with west allies in hope for iii world war . 
  he was incompetent , brutal and racist , imo he is not even close to vinnichenko , khmelnitskiy , khrushevskiy , petlura and others, 
  yes it 's online poll, 
  lol, 
  well but it is defined by the law, 
   but poland wo n't protect anybody unless they accept all demands and return kresy . 
  hahah , where did you see that ? 
  even parys was n't talking about it ... poland is more than willing to help lithuania when it will be needed . 
  the issue is not about what is in reality dialect or language but about national minority . 
  every national minoirty in poland have certain rights , we hope that lithuania can guarantee same right to their national minorities, 
  in every flamewar i hear this argument of `` same people converting back and forth '' like it was important . 
  interestingly combined often with argument of `` polish colonization '' of lithuania or ruthenia ... both arguments are mutually exclusive ... 
   polish is not rooted in vilnius region enough to require that protection he , sure people who are living there for couple centuries are not `` rooted '' enough ... 
  it 's obvious that most of todays lithuanians living in vilno and vilnius region were resettled here after 2ww , it 's so obvious that 's hard to believe anybody need to explain it . 
  nobody is saying that , for instance in xiv century there polish people were living . 
  same thing is with modern western poland , is fair to say that before 1945 there were more germans than poles, 
   jan parys he is n't anyone important in poland or in government , but yeah his words were stupid . 
  and he was crticized from every sides, 
  yes it 's very interesting , it 's obvious that polish people which were living in soviet union do n't speak proper polish . 
  moreover polish ortography and language overall was standarized in interwar era , so it 's normal that people which were outside polish school system may speak different with huge russian impact . 
  here is recording of pilsudski 's speech from 1924 [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oocbryqtb_w ) , he is speaking very good polish but with some archaism and specific kresovian accent . 
  here is polish priest from kazakhstan - [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ed7d2ijg_14 ) he is speaking polish with strong russian accent and some russianism . 
  but it 's polish language . 
  this woman and her son [ link ] ( https://youtu.be/tcdvlwansqa?t=575 ) are from lithuania , and their language , especially woman is beautiful , they have very characteristic accent , but its common for all polish eastern speaking areas , it 's similiar to how people are speaking in podlasie, 
  asfaik austrian constitutional tribunal enacted in 2001 that street names in areas with 10 % minority should be bilingual . 
  i do n't how it look in reality but i found it in internet, 
  i 'm very interested in that . 
  but it 's hard for me to get your point when you can not provide any realiable sources or examples . 
  can you link some one who is talking this `` false polish '' ? 
  i found for example this [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgegf22-yds ) and for me this , old man is speaking proper polish . 
  i understand every single word . 
  but it 's a european law , and really costs are not that big ... 
  why not friendly ? 
  yeah `` settled '' . 
  polish minority ( or any other ) have right to signs in their mother tongue , not only on houses , but also on offical street signs . 
  and not long polishman was fined 13k euro for those signs, 
  of course , i am talking about areas where large minority is living , [ here ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/11/poles_in_lithuania_barry_kent.png/220px-poles_in_lithuania_barry_kent.png ) is polish minority in lithuania ; of course nobody is expecting that in other places will be polish signs , of course not !, 
  [ yes , sure ] ( http://www.thenews.pl/1/10/artykul/201486,poland-deploys-hawks-falcon-on-mission-to-protect-lithuanian-air-space ),
