good at least eastern europe still has people that know true values, 
  only five of them i think and the main activist 's said they were also offered money , meanwhile they left italy because they were followed by police and that 's why they decide to go to cyprus you can see more here https://youtu.be/7gfgd6_ebcg latest statement from the team https://youtu.be/tit-3zkun8c, 
  social liberal ... i understand everything, 
  not really there is also economic strength , military power if diplomacy was all about bowing down history would be different, 
  being a diplomat she should understand that if you want eu to be recognized as a superpower you should n't bow to others, 
  and then people say eu when it 's only the interest of the few big countries it reminds me of ... all animals are equal , but some animals are more equal than others . 
  he is factual about it also what is she doing if not appealing to their emotions and wishes ? 
  because i 'm pretty sure she would n't wear one back home, 
  you mean germany ? 
  that + the statue reminds me of stalin were my two first thoughts , good to be sure, 
  try typing in white couple, 
  who 's statue is it ? 
  i 'm not joking i 'm being honest i really am far-right well on most areas as i am also pro-gun + if i had to choose between dictatorship and direct democracy i would choose direct democracy 7/10, 
  the difference is in china - it is clear who is the majority whose culture it is and what the future should look like ( chinese of course ) in europe pictures , statues of those that are of historic significant or have contributed to our society are slowly moved because they are deemed to be discriminating to the minority ( people of color ) . 
  europe has no goal of keeping its culture or its way of life , our politicans have decided we must become multicultural , self-hate is stronger in western europe , i 'm not surprised when the left is left in charge of education of course marxism will show how christianity is so bad while islam is cool , nationalism is bad while multiculturalism is good ... we promote obesity and mental illness like it 's a good thing we do the even try to prevent it or treat it, 
  that plus i do n't like the whole europe being putted in the same basket when it comes to oppressing black folk ... 
  but those same black activists forget and distort history , they have no problem using islam for their cause while simultaneously forgetting the arab slave trade , or the fact their own people sold them to slavery . 
  white people will always be guilty to them , of course not all think like that but society is driven more often by vocal minority then the silent but good minority . 
  the fact that slavery existed in every culture in some form or the other should be enough for them to figure out skin color does n't have anything to do with it . 
  should i wait for history to be revised by the left to cater to minorities ? 
  videos like that are n't my first exposure to such attempts to somehow put guilt on white people in general . 
  so i came to the realization that it 's better to stick to your own group , anytime you have a minority they will be more vocal and will often get more protection and they will also try to change the prime culture deeming there own better . 
  that 's why i am against accepting migrants , i do n't want to see mosques being built or islam gaining an foothole in my country . 
  nor do i want to see my children being taught being gay is ok or sex change is possible ... 
  it is a behavior of a minority but it very vocal and pushed by the media and as i found to see it it certainly has an agenda around it . 
  i will not be shocked if the progressive left tries to push pedophilia as normal, 
  this reminds me why i am far-right thank you for this video it keeps me redpilled ( i 'm not being sarcastic ), 
  aww someone angry because they werent shouting eu-eu , 
  thing is germany doesnt have any influence in the world when compared with us so it doesnt really matter, 
  president trump 's visit in warsaw is expected to go down well with poles who admire his nationalist stance , as they look to push back on eu migrant quotas . 
  ahead of friday 's g20 summit account aleksander kowalczyk , told the daily mail : `` there is no love for germany in poland . 
  `` i am hoping trump will bring more love for poland than germany has ever shown us . 
  that probably is n't hard . 
  `` im hoping he understands us . '', 
  local cab driver mateusz nowak said : '' ` screw russia . 
  we do n't need russia . 
  `` we do n't need germany . 
  we do n't need china . 
  we do n't need anybody but the croats , the czechs , the ukrainans and maybe the us . 
  `` trump is welcome here . 
  anyone who merkel and putin do n't like is good news for us . '', 
  nice , 
  sure keep telling that to yourself , it is eu that welcomes and accepts all those immigrants , and then after they will ask themselves why is is terrorism on the rise, 
  who cares, 
  let them have it , in the end it s a cumulation of migration and foreign policy coupled with a strong economy that attracts them, 
  worrying to you, 
  croatia should be higher in percentages but im still glad of the results, 
  well someone missed biology class the fact remains that sperm itself will never create life , fertilize an egg and it will . 
  it remains a fact that what abortions are doing is killing life that is continually growing . 
  so its not the same fapping and abortion . 
  glad i taught you something today , 
  its the free internet also i dont see rules that prohibit it, 
  rule of majority is democracy, 
  i like their architecture more beautiful then todays, 
  they should take some responsibility for their actions its 2017 use protection, 
  i am trying to tell you that imo automatization wont work, 
  they would write a harsh letter except germany they like their north stream, 
  it 's not sustainable , sure in europe automatization may pass but what with africa ? 
  their demographic growth is crazy and i think automatization wo n't work if you continually stress the system some things are finite and we already use too much of grain for meat purposes, 
  killers, 
  drink lots of water and you will be ok  on the side-note ever thought of invading sweden ? 
  right-tilting - they make it sound like its a bad thing , oh wait nytimes ... 
  making up stories as well . . o wait that is cnn and bbc, 
  i dont know man she really talks too fast , her thoughts are all over the place, 
  you forget at least this is valid for us they often get people from foreign countries for it because they dont have to pay them that much , heck even elon musk wanted to bring people but because it 's involved with rockets science and its national interest thing he couldnt . 
  the poor and the middle class will lose more if it continues , protectionism is the future with automatization that is coming , people will lose jobs and they cant just change their professions overnight . 
  you are simplify things but older generations at least in the us had it better . 
  they lived in a technological boom but the next one will see less new jobs more replacement by technology . 
  you do know nothing stops me from claiming the same about you and your political orientation , the fact remains people that do vote tend to vote for parties that share orbans views therefore he can make the majority and rule i probably do share those views as i myself am right and nationalistic . 
  also building stuff for og is stupid and waste of money . 
  so they bought the media they didnt stole it . 
  omg finnish people are such girls, 
  she talks too fast ... but 7.5 / 10 also had to look at the the map to see where estonia is . . quite far what i found out is : lots of trees , online voting , and something about darkness in winter, 
  and eu wants their money ... 
  i always knew juncker and the crew are mean but this, 
  if juncker is a representative that may be for the better, 
  money comes first , 
  ok just seems weird, 
  - index.hr, 
  why did the polls hurt your feelings ? 
  my life is great but the reasons for my opposition towards the things you named lie in rational fear from things that clearly lead to nothing good . 
  and yes im right and probably most conservative person you met in this subreddit bubble , but if having different opinions is a crime i plead guilty !, 
  i know most here just think about money and the material things in life . 
  you will mostly hear in this subreddit how it 's a stupid decision and how poor you will be , just remember its mostly people that dont even live there and your decision wont impact their lives . 
  i see this as something you and spain have to solve . 
  so where is the shock ? 
  yes i am right and yes i like the alt-right oh noo you can see my post history ... form an american perspective ? 
  what do you mean, 
  go for it be free support from croatia , 
  nice just dont follow the germans and the multicultural way you will lose your identity, 
  i like europe with all of its numerous countries but i think the eu would be better as a trade union only . 
  not every country has the same interests nor do they benefit the same for them . 
  i see eu as a project that is bad for smaller countries not only do domestic leaders blame some of their problems on the eu they also rely on to it too much thus putting themselves in disadvantage and a form of servitude . 
  i also think its bad because countries become dependent on eu for money . 
  thus being forced more to be committed to the eu `` project '' . 
  in the end some contribute more some less to the eu , some have more voting power some less it all leads to a state outside of the state , making ones sovereignty be questioned . 
  and dont get me started on the eu army thing its an obvious no no, 
  look i get merkel things seem to go well for germany but that doesnt mean its the same for everyone , im sure the us has its own reasons for their take on things . 
  some enjoy more benefits then others it has always been that way . 
  its a real thing but sure if you follow msm you wouldnt know about it,
