they have even more ideas . 
   the state will support the right to dual citizenship in the upper house of the german parliament , the bundesrat ( a sticking point opposed by angela merkel 's conservative christian democratic union ) , as well as giving migrants more opportunities to bring their families over to live with them and ending forced deportations . 
  not quite sure if i like the sound of that . 
  if there is something to miss about the fdp it 's schnarrenberger . 
  she at least had a basic understanding about the internet . 
  if only the spd would advertise someone else than piggy . 
  put kraft or olaf scholz there . 
  you know , people that are not actively hated by the population . 
  i just went through my list , i think this one was locked : https://youtu.be/phtuwg_l95w oh , and i am happy that i can listen to [ avicii 's the nights ] ( https://youtu.be/utf6jej8yb4 ) with my yt playlist again . 
  the gema is made of terrible people . 
  i still remember the case where they went juristically after a kindergarten because the teacher copied notes of christmas songs for the children to sing . 
  all the while it made an unreasonable amount of profit . 
  when we blame a country , we usually mean the government since it 's the representation of the nation . 
  while this is nice , i ca n't wrap my head around why china would do something like that . 
  are they trying to get on ukraine 's good side to have someone who would easily oppose russia when there is a conflict in eastern asia ? 
  the linke is an anti-party to a high degree . 
  gregor gysi was a good man , but even with him the party itself was more concerned with being against the current system than staying true to a line . 
  without him , it 's mostly a bunch of people who are against the status quo . 
  that 's not to say there are good intentions and good people involved , but the party in itself does n't look that good in a lot of it 's actions . 
  probably, 
   some 12 apartments and a center housing refugees and asylum seekers were raided by police in the states of thuringia , hamburg , north rhine-westphalia , saxony and bavaria . 
  authorities have said the investigation began last year following the arrest of a 28-year-old russian national of chechen descent . 
   investigators were led to detain 10 men and three women - all russian federation citizens in their 20s and 30s - as they looked deeper into suspected militant financing . 
  the individuals are suspected to have `` intended '' to join the self-styled `` islamic state , '' police said , according to regional public broadcaster mdr , which also reported one arrest had been made in thuringia . 
   no threat to public safety has been identified , authorities said . 
  maybe they just hate putin . 
  after all this is relative to him . 
  time for a quexit . 
  she 's queen of canada too , right ? 
  maybe the royal family could move there , put a giant castle into quebec . 
  well , as long as he did n't went through a trial he is technically only a suspect no matter how guilty he looks . 
  in germany it 's innocent until proven guilty , which would be the job of a trial . 
  by law he was n't convicted of a crime yet . 
  in any case , guilty or not , it 's not right that people die in our prisons . 
  especially people who are supposed to be under permanent surveillance . 
  there is no benefit of this guy being dead when we already had him in jail . 
  besides that 's not how any justice system should work . 
  killing people who we think are guilty without trial is not what we should strive for . 
  friendship with uk ended . 
  now mexico is best friend . 
  doomstacks can be dangerous . 
  though the attrition rate will be ridicilous . 
  it should still recover from the recent rebellion of / r/eu4, 
  it will go down in history as the war of minor annoyance, 
  this happens without proper four-year plans . 
  one of my history teachers had a dedicated `` we want our kaiser wilhelm back '' - dance , it was of course meant as a joke , but given how often she brought it up , i sometimes could n't tell if it was just that . 
  well , i heard the bundeswehr is extremly struggling finding new recruits , no matter how attractive they try to make the job and how much they visit schools to talk about the benfits . 
  it makes sense to reverse the course to pull people in . 
  and i heard they were also quite the narcistic peacocks who put a great deal of effort in their hair and body hygiene , in contrasts to the wild uncombed savages media sometimes like to portray them as . 
  of course it had limits in times and life of pasts , but they sure looked better and cleaner than the average other people of europe . 
  germany is n't an authoritarian regime , we ca n't just ban information , and we know this is a slippery slope . 
  if you push enough everyting can be terror related . 
  that said , we need to have less sensatiolism . 
  the media need to back the fuck off from filming active police operations and people should n't tweet police positions and equipment while an attacker is on the run . 
  yes , a bullied , mentally damaged man is easy to be exploited by terrorists . 
  wether they claim to give him a purpose or just say : `` you hate these people ? 
  here , take this weapon for free . '', 
  but then again , he said in the balcony dialogue that he `` had to buy a gun '' , so probably on his own accord . 
  a terrorist organization would probably just delivered it to him . 
  you can also order free german books and other shit from the [ bundeszentrale f\u00fcr politische bildung ] ( https://www.bpb.de/shop/ ) , if this is more to your liking :p, 
  that 's the shitty xenophob bavarian politicans , sadly they have big weight economically and politically . 
  i love you too . 
  you are our favourite neighbour and i 'd share our autobahn with you any time . 
  meanwhile , [ a few kilometres to the east ] ( http://i.imgur.com/7xwshww.jpg ) . 
  i am joking of course , but i do n't think the two of them standing closer would 've been odd given the symbolism . 
  did n't it already split at some point ? 
  this toxic element has a terrible half-life, 
  do n't worry guys . 
  this is totally normal and would 've happen anyways . 
  everything will be fine . 
  aaaaany minute now . 
  a minister has no name . 
  the union of people who hate unions, 
  that 's the next step . 
  some may want to leave , re-enter and then leave again . 
  amusingly enough , merkel got to power through something similiar . 
  former chancellor gerhard schr\u00f6der decided to make die vertrauensfrage ( `` motion of confidence '' ) to ask the parliament if they still trusted him to strengthen his policies . 
  well , they did not , he was ousted and merkel is reignin ever since . 
  independent scotland . 
  these kind of peagants are stupid . 
  a goat needs to be more than just pretty . 
  this does n't meassure the true worth of the goat and sets stupid standards how people perceive goat . 
  thia kind of mentality leads to the kind of people like erdogan . 
  well , i guess we take house saxe-coburg and gotha back . 
  most of these would work well as titles for hollywood dramas . 
  interesting . 
  i thought it was a personal thing of hitler who was hurt badly by mustard gas in wwi and refused the use . 
  [ hgich.t ] ( https://youtu.be/jg7igibju4c ), 
  the netherlands also hate water , which is why they build so much land . 
  spread clean water to people all over the world to disgust the dutch . 
  the first photo looks like the cliffhanger freeze frame of a soap . 
  one of the parts why we call her mutti and she is n't gathering that much resentment is that she appears rather modest . 
  she is n't flaunting around riches or does prestige power plays . 
  caught the crazy 4channer , and promptly have the next lunatic on the move . 
  this is n't our week . 
  i wish more non-muslims would think to wash in the toilet . 
  hearts on fire schulz desire no breaks on the train, 
  do n't think small . 
  if they all drop out obama could actually sweep in . 
  not everyone in germany knows what theresa may looks like .
