   ** lka * ( law enforcement agency directly working under the state ministry of the interior ) * apparently knew about amris attack plan **  anis amri supposedly planned the attack in germany since summer . 
  that 's what the `` focus '' reports , citing a v-mann who notified the lka in north rhine-westphalia in june with the information . 
  amri had in the small circle of the terror network around the in november arrested abu walaa , who was arrested in november , repeately spoken of his attack plans . 
  subsequently the suspect vanished in summer 2016 to berlin . 
  police said they finished the immediate investgation and gave the place free again . 
  guessing is what makes the most sense to me . 
  otherwise we would get into seriously odd territory , like some pediga guy throwing the id in or the police hiding the evidence for a while . 
  [ munich massacre . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/munich_massacre#negotiations ) palestinian terrorists took the israeli olympic team hostage . 
  police was preparing a raid and media filmed it live . 
  the terrorists had a television and saw the police approaching by the second and started to shoot victims until the police was gone again . 
  finally something english from dw . 
   the man has already being investigated in connection with an act of terrorism . 
  the authorities noted his contacts with german salafists , who follow an extremely conservative brand of islam , according to the interior minister of german state north-rhine westphalia ( nrw ) ralph j\u00e4ger . 
   they also launched a probe , based on suspicion he was preparing `` a serious act of violence against the state . '', 
   `` security agencies exchanged their findings and information about this person with the joint counter-terrorism centre in november 2016 , '' he told reporters on wednesday . 
   j\u00e4ger added that the suspect was living in nrw before traveling to berlin in february . 
  he also confirmed that the man applied for the asylum and was rejected . 
   ** however , the authorities ran into bureaucratic hurdles while trying to repatriate him . 
  **  `` it was not possible to deport this man because he had no valid id papers on him , '' j\u00e4ger told the media . 
   he added that the tunisia has initially denied that this man was their citizen . 
   `` we only got his papers today , '' he said . 
  `` i will not comment on this any further . '', 
  yeah , that 's not going to work out . 
  who knows how many terrorists are just running about while the system is stuck with tones of red tape . 
  police should be able to act quickly when potential terrorists are found . 
  maybe we should remind the media again what happened in 1972 . 
  done . 
  i hope this is good . 
  actually hold on a bit longer . 
  work keeps getting in the way . 
  oh , the article became bigger , when i posted it , it was just a short notice which i roughly translated . 
  hold on , gon na edit with the additional information . 
  police found an identification card under the seat , belong to some anis a. from tataouine . 
  he was already known to be connected to isis . 
  he was set in an asylum center in niederheim , but travelled through germany as he pleased . 
  last news was that he was about to be deported . 
  he was supposed to be at an law enforcement institution , but they kinda lost him . 
  police got more than 500 tips and is working through them right now . 
  they will hold a press conference at 1 pm ( gmt +1 ) . 
  just erase the border to germany and everything should be fine . 
  we also need to split switzerland . 
  already resolved , but somebody called in a bomb thread on main station . 
  police cleared the place , but found nothing . 
  so some idiot thought it was funny to use the tense atmosphere to do some dumb shit . 
  i do n't think it 's unreasonable to be extra careful after what happened yesterday . 
  well , that was a quick one , but i am glad . 
  cologne police gave all-clear . 
  thanks idiot prank caller . 
  well shit . 
  this makes the current threat in cologne even worse . 
  and even if has nothing to do with the actual terrorist , we now have an terrorist ready to kill running around . 
  the threat was made at around 6 pm ( gmt +1 ) by phone . 
  this is crap whether it 's real or some idiot prank . 
  can somebody tell me where germany is hiding ? 
  is something symbolic happening today ? 
  it could all be random , but the more of this piles up , the more concerned i get . 
  request for elaboration on the pushing . 
  did he push her down some stairs or push her in general ? 
   most negative comments  bloody hell oh , no . 
   yearly income after taxes adjusted according to differences in price levels in different countries  eurostat takes that into account and defines an artificial currency called pps , which is essentially the euro adjusted according to price levels ( purchasing power parity ) in different countries . 
  heck , forget small sects . 
  europe has a very bloody history of `` you 're not a real christian '' . 
  can dutchies even considered foreigners ? 
  they are so familiar with the autobahn , they 're basically family . 
  it 's hilarious , there are historical documents dating back hundreds , thousand of years that were just bitching about the younger generation . 
  his background of being ... a banker and being not muslimic for 49 years ? 
  except the left . 
  they 're really motivated when it comes to them . 
  i am not sure they knew he was muslim . 
  his family did n't even know . 
  he was agent only this year . 
  he converted and then decided to infiltrate . 
  you should read the article . 
  article states that he converted 2 years ago . 
  not even his family knew . 
   germany 's domestic intelligence agency ( bfv ) has discovered an islamist working within its own ranks , according to domestic media reports on tuesday . 
  the case allegedly surrounds a 51-year-old german who planned to bomb the bfv headquarters in cologne . 
   according to der spiegel , the man was active on extremist websites . 
  using a pseudonym , he gave away secret information , allegedly gathering information on the times and details of raids against extremists . 
  the news outlet wrote that the man 's family was not even aware he had converted to islam in 2014 . 
   the father of four had been under surveillance for about four weeks before an arrest warrant was issued for him and he has been detained , the prosecutor 's office in d\u00fcsseldorf , the state capital of north rhine-westphalia , said . 
  one if weidest things i saw whe looking up the first world war was russia attacking their own jews in the west because they feared they would feel too german and turn over to the germans . 
  well , fair enough , thanks for the lengthy reply . 
  but would n't it be better to swarm a traditional party like the spd , blow up as an all new wing and take the structure over from within ? 
  i always thought the spd could be salvaged with the right people . 
  did n't help the pirate party . 
  put werner herzog 's face on it for best europaen english . 
  we 're scared of mutants and exploding nuclear plants . 
  have you seen the hulk ? 
  we do n't need that right now . 
  well , i would n't trust that map ( especially not with that question ) . 
  we 're not as big as france of course , but i think we have a very decent popularity . 
  manga make 75 % of comics sold in germany . 
  going back to the numbers from 2013 , where france is at ~ 160k per volume on one piece , germany is at 42,7 k. 
  it 's not really limited to any political agency group . 
  there are nazis and other right wing people liking and using anime , no doubt , but there are people from all kinds of political directions doing it too , so there 's not much of a correlation between waifus and right winger . 
  sweden ? 
  the usa is a a big market for anime and manga too , but not on the level of france . 
   2013  ** one piece ** ( one volume )  japan : 2 900 000 - 3 100 000  france : 150 000 - 170 000  us : 5200 - 5400 us data is physical stores only , so you can add a bunch more - still the point is very clearly , i hope .
