  use the hashtag you can also `` view source '' on comments to see how they 're structured ( maybe a res feature , but everybody should use res ) . 
  the border gore is killing me, 
  change could happen soon . 
  he spd is on the rise and the popular candidate schulz just this week put gay marriage down as one of his main goals . 
  that 's the trick . 
  every german that looks huge is actually just two or three germans stacked on top of each other . 
  would be very wonky , if it were n't for volksk\u00f6rper ( tm ) , a pinnacle of engineering that holds the construction together . 
  we germans had already forgotten about the majesty law until erdogan pulled it from somewhere . 
  remarry poland !, 
  so what are the native brandenburg people calling it ? 
  so many black spots . 
  looks like the symbol of chaos , maybe an inquisitor should visit some time . 
  i love the iconic varangian guard thst protects the pope . 
  i only see eastcoast germany , where 's westcoast germany ? 
  it 's not really based on a real person , the details do n't align up at all . 
  `` there was some kind a white person somewhere there '' is pretty weak of a reasoning . 
  roughly :  sch\u00e4uble said the spd chancellor candidate would do well to `` judt think a bit '' . 
  he would talk badly about germany in a way nobody should do that wants to become chancellor . 
  que ? 
  this presentation speaks to my hearts of iron-soul . 
  as if anybody ever cared in these movies . 
  of course they pick on the supernatural being that can create earthquakes . 
   the ministry confirmed economists ' assumptions that the decline was largely due to reduced workdays during the holiday season and said the data do n't alter the government 's positive economic outlook . 
   writing on facebook , pectold said that usually he would laugh at such an image , but as he had received death threats from pvv supporters in the past he worried that wilders was inciting his supporters . 
  i hope they throw the t into the harbour . 
  1569 - never forget, 
  it 's not just that he is new , he is blunt and easy going while being experienced in the eu parliament . 
  he feels close to the people , as the spd is supposed to , while still shining as a politican who is not just joking around . 
  no , america has armed police in it 's cities guarding against it 's own citizens . 
  the louvre is also not some random neighbourhood kiosk , it 's a huge art gallery and cultural symbol . 
  of course it has protection . 
  or it was actually an extremist star wars fan . 
  i am sure there were enough historical aggression on both russia and several other countries , but that 's only secondary . 
  we live now and now russia is doing really odd things . 
  i was also referring to a trump statement were he specifically said he would n't intervene would russia attack nato allies in europe . 
  we trusted the usa in so far , as it seemed quite rational that they would n't harm us under obama . 
  germany is an important ally and trade partner and in a good position to influence europe . 
  however with trump we have somebody who would come to the aid of europe when it would be attacked by russia and that generally seems irrational and dangerous . 
  we ca n't trust the usa to not screw us over randomly now . 
  surely , but i think they might have . 
  at that point europaen balance was in danger . 
  letting germany and austria-hungary just do what they want ( and at that point italy 's stance was n't clear yet and it was technically aligned with germany ) could 've been terrible down the line . 
  imagine russia weakened , the axis stronger by winning and getting territory . 
  france would 've been pretty vulnerable . 
  german top level politics are not that exciting , i put that as a plus in my book . 
  we do n't have a bernie sanders , because our social system already pretty decent . 
  yes , yes , there is a lot to improve , but that 's what the election will be about . 
  in what way and pace to improve our country and it 's systems , not about how to destroy them . 
  plus , a lot of schulz hipness comes from the power of memes that surprisingly works in positive ways in this case . 
  nevertheless , they could 've prevented the war , if they so desired . 
  it was n't easy for russa either , they would 've lost a lot of face not coming to the aid of an allied country they have promised to protect , plus germany and austria-hungary would 've taken a lot of power , making it dangerous in the future . 
  there are quite some points at which the war could 've been prevented . 
  germany also had the choose to decline supporting the war on serbia . 
  austria-hungary would n't have dared it alone , with the russians backing serbia . 
  i still do n't give much weight on polls , but i am sure that it does look quite good for schulz currently . 
  the fresh , positive hype is something merkel lacks and probably never can create . 
  she may be stable , but schulz is stable * and * hip . 
  did you just blame serbia for starting the first world war ? 
  he is the best that could 've happen to us . 
  a real alternative to merkel . 
  we are able to vote between two moderates who both value democracy and humanism , instead of picking the smaller evil that could break the least things . 
  i was voting cdu on bundes level since i am able to vote , simply because the spd lacked soul there . 
  now it got a new one and it 's name is europe , it 's name is martin schulz and i 'll be glad to cast my vote for the spd this year , with the knowledge that even if he loses germany will remain fine under mutti . 
  make europe germany again !, 
  i stay with sceptic , though . 
  a lot of polls that were right before , ended up being unreliable . 
  emotions run high and i would rather not trust to lay back on polls , but fight for what i stand for , even if it looks safe . 
  we generally learned the fatal flaws of polling in the us election . 
  sanders surprisingly razing clinton in some states and trump winning at all , when the reputable polls indicated otherwise . 
  i genuinely would like to see lords of europe , to see where old royality ended up in the different countries . 
  germany 's bird is flexing . 
  german bird stronk . 
  he does n't have much to edge on , unless you hate the eu . 
  `` follow that car . '', 
  funny thing about the combat roles . 
  wwi ohl actually had an investigation going to proof that the jews are not taking their part and canned it when it turned out the german jews overproportionally and enthusiastically fought for the kaiserreich . 
  russia at the beginning of the war burned down and resettelted jewish towns in the east in fear they would join the germans . 
  some theories go that a lot of jews felt very safe at the beginning of the reich , thinking that they personally proofed their loyality , leading to many ignoring the early signs . 
  did n't he also plant a bomb in a city ? 
  also generally . 
  it may be because proximity an easier access , but isis hates the guts out of muslims that are n't their specific blend . 
  he is just old . 
  i am sure he looked less evil when he was younger . 
  https://my.mixtape.moe/yslxis.jpg ... or he was fighting sherlock holmes and james bond at the same time . 
  edit : jokes aside , his wikipedua article reads pretty badass . 
   he previously served as the minister of internal affairs , head of the military counterintelligence service , and minister of state in the ministry of national defence . 
  an academic , historian , and human rights activist , macierewicz was one of the leaders of the anti-communist resistance in poland . 
   employing nonviolent civil disobedience , macierewicz was one of the founders in 1976 of the workers ' defense committee , a major anti-communist opposition organization that was a forerunner of solidarity . 
  during the 1980s macierewicz directed the centre for social research of solidarity and was one of the trade union 's key advisors . 
  a former political prisoner , he escaped from incarceration and was in hiding until 1984 , directing work and issuing underground publications . 
  fake facts , fake news , fake countries , where does it end ? 
  jaden smith was right . 
  heh , punch card is perfect . 
  maybe this is just someone 's hearts of iron iv multiplayer game . 
  finland seems fine . 
  then again , in his case it 's just consitency . 
  election or not , he is always acting like this . 
  or just throw out 36 , just to send a message . 
  he send money home , what a dear child !, 
  they misunderstood when they read the proposal of banning non-cp .
