  even just 70 years ago they tried to wipe out our entire culture . 
  and somehow we get along just fine now . 
  rent control is genius and only fault is because greedy capitalist do n't want to invest in negative return investments !!!!, 
  berlin is a kind of special case as after unification , berlin was thought to become a new metropolis and a lot of new investments poured in . 
  berlin easily has enough room to hold 5 million people when the actual population around 3-4 . 
  meaning there was never a deficit of apartments to begin with ( they also have little to no reason for rent controls though ), 
  i 'm not going to deny the corruption part ( although i really do n't think other alternatives are any better in that regard ) , but cheap populism ... 
  i have to disagree . 
  at least when it comes to public transportation , this is a ) definitely not cheap and b ) actually beneficial for the poorer part of society . 
  atat\u00fcrk turkey was a rapidly secularising , liberalising and economically developing nation . 
  nowadays it seems turkey is moving to the opposite direction . 
  erdogan is less appealing to me than putin is and i 'm from estonia . 
  central town , kadriorg , pirita , n\u00f5mme , haabersti are all developed and modern . 
  the gdp per capita in tallinn is considerably above eu average while everywhere else it 's lower . 
  yes , lasnam\u00e4gi is not the most compelling region , but even by the sleeper-district standards ( magala ) it 's pretty good . 
  keskerakond is also pretty much the only party to implement social-democratic policies such as free public transport , extra pensions etc. 
  whether you like these or not is up to you , but that is way more `` nordic '' than any other party is . 
  why is turkey becoming so shit again ? 
  europe definitely is a secular place , mostly . 
  btw secularism and religion are not mutually exclusive . 
  i 'd say that certain humanist/secular values are way more important when integrating immigrants than `` belief in jesus , the god 's son '' . 
  secularism means that the immigrants accept the local laws and values and do n't force their religiosity onto the society . 
  which is exactly what we want from the immigrants ( and despise the lack of most ) . 
  but romas are definitely christians . 
  yup , it 's like saying you should not eat bread to save the crops . 
  advanced nations have long reached the position where forest is treated similarly to farm fields . 
  cut no more than 1 / ( years for the forest to grow back ) of your forest , replant the forest . 
  yes , there can be issues with biodiversity , but forest are better in this regard . 
  you can grow multiple `` crops '' at once . 
  taller pines in the top-level and more shade-tolerant trees at the lower level ( and bushes on the ground ) . 
  prediction : russia offers to transfer kohver back to estonia if estonia accepts the guilt . 
  estonian side is pressured to either accept him as a prisoner and a criminal , or refuse and let him die away in a russian prison . 
  non-latvians mostly all speak russian though . 
  because it would be fucking pathetic . 
  taking a christian cross that was created during the occupation of our ancient free lands . 
  our tricolour is one of the nicest flags out there . 
  i 'm not a heavily nationalistic person at all , but i think our flag looks fucking amazing . 
  none of the `` cross-versions '' look remotely close in coolness . 
  suo means swamp in finnish anyways . 
  your country literally means swamp land ... 
  to be fair , tallinn probably is the only part of estonia that could claim to be comparable to scandinavia . 
  well , it 's not like there 's no utility for the new constructions , it 's just that newer buildings wo n't be making your research and development , people are . 
  problem is that it 's much easier to build a new building than it 's to invest in people . 
  so when you 're offered a lot of money to spend in a short period of time , projects like these are getting most of the money . 
  investing in concrete we call it . 
  then the eu money runs out and we have to pay more money to maintenance . 
  columns obviously . 
  blue and grey ones to be specific . 
  both analogies are faulty . 
  there are people who are desperate for a better life and are willing to risk their life to get it . 
  the traffickers are a vital service providers that price their risk accordingly . 
  the best solution is to legalise the immigration , legalise the trafficking and establish a comprehensive system to integrate the immigrants . 
  are we making the situation worse by giving heroine addicts free metadone ? 
  i actually enjoy russian music . 
  whether it 's tschaikovski , kino ( tsoi ) , tatu , hardbass , or just songs in russian . 
  i think russian is a good language for music . 
  but gdp is y = consumption + government spending + investments + exports - imports . 
  when a foreign company/owner takes the accumulated profit away from the country , it will become a divestment ( negative investment ) and reduce the gdp . 
  so gdp is the end result after all divestments . 
  you 're lying or just spewing bullshit . 
  gdp is not calculated as you claim it is . 
  you ca n't take profit out from the gdp , change in savings is already inside the gdp . 
  and your foreign investors that you so mnuch despise bring money , equipment and know-how to your country . 
  labour get historically around 50-90 % of the generated value , while capital gets the rest . 
  eu exists to turn all white heterosexual men into black homosex pussies . 
  i know , it was a joke , 
  well glad we estonians have such imagination with katlin , k\u00e4tlin , cathlin , c\u00e4thlyn , ch\u00e4tlhtin , ctluthlu , cthulhu etc. 
  we mostly have the generic : jews/illuminati/gayrope / liberast conspiracies . 
  the only unique and perhaps slightly justified conspiracy theory is about the sinking of m/s estonia in 1994 and its connection to weapon-trafficing . 
  yeah , like just fucking do it already !, 
  let 's get to the night with all this bullshit . 
  this is one of the times i genuinely feel good that policy is made by professional and educated law-makers , experts and specialists and not the common folk . 
   for example , the assumption of rational people - ignoring indications on the contrary way too often ahem ... you do know nobody believes people always act rationally . 
  most of the research in economics goes into developing better theories that represent human behaviour . 
  it 's just rational action is easiest to model and is the basis for more complicated theories . 
  i often hear the argument , that economists incorrectly think everybody always act rationally ... as if economists are completely deluded all the time . 
  and economists are well aware of the problems and are actively trying to find better ways . 
   many people in the discipline of economics are n't , though , while it 's people in other disciplines who do . 
  so while it 's possible , it 's not true for the discipline of economics as a whole , a significant part of it is not , even . 
  so let 's be honest . 
  you 're saying economics is not science when it is n't and is n't when it is ? 
  but if some people do economics as science , then clearly it 's possible to do economics as science . 
  you seem to be having problem with bad economics , not economics itself . 
  first i 'd like to ask you , if economics is not a science , then what is it . 
  because clearly we 're having a debate of definition . 
  secondly economics is definitely partly reproducible , similar conditions can be re-created/found elsewhere . 
  i 'd even go as far as to ask you how by your approach anything can ever be reproducible ? 
  how can you be sure that laws of physics have n't changed while you 're trying to reproduce your experiment ? 
  in biology groups in different experiments are always slightly different , environment is always slightly different . 
  you can never reach perfect reproducibility in any physical field ( you can perfectly recreate theoretical scenarios ) . 
  why do we still call physics science even though it ca n't guarantee perfect reproducibility ? 
  because it 's damn close enough . 
  we deliberately ignore certain possible variables , but we must acknowledge their possible existance , whether it is economics , biology or physics . 
  i agree that the reproducinility problem is much greater in economics than in physics , but it 's a matter of scales , not principles . 
  if economic experiments are based on reasonable premises and approximations , then it is science . 
  edit : also i would like to remind people that downvote is not a disagree button . 
  debate is good . 
  not everyone who claims to be an economist is a scientist . 
  but it 's definitely possible to do economics as a science and a lot of people are doing it . 
  observing without influencing definitely happens , this is probably the most common way of acquiring economic data to use in economics .
