  how would the capabilities be divvied up ? 
  the objectives and response times . 
  we in estonia also have a large militia ( the defense league ) that is part of our military , how would that work as a part of a multinational army . 
  there just too many complications for that . 
  however a deep coordination between the armies is a must . 
  budget balance and current account balance are two different things ffs how do people confuse them all the bloody time . 
  i ca n't say it was consensus per se , but i 'd say the parliament and government recognized that if the elections were to fail again there would be new parliamentary elections . 
  that was a weird election . 
  two weeks ago we had five candidates of whom four had equal chance of taking the seat . 
  the elections failed and today we had elections that with near unanimonity elected a candidate that was n't even a candidate two weeks ago . 
  but she seems pretty fine of a candidate so i hope for the best . 
  but what constitutes as disabled can be very different , a whole 2-3 percent point of unemployment different . 
  but i understand you now , i initially misinterpreted you point/intentions . 
  maybe you can help me , i ca n't find it . 
  but how are disabled people taken into account . 
  because in estonia with the ongoing workforce reform , the definition of disabled people will change , which will cause the unemployment rate to rise by approximately 2 % since people that were previously not counted as part of the eligible workforce due to being disabled are going to become part of the workforce . 
  i ca n't see how eurostat could take things like these into consideration . 
  the last paragraph showed you do n't really comprehend the situation . 
  oh they absolutely intended to annex entire finland as the creation of the temporary ssr of finland proved . 
  no , it just showed that russia and serbia really do have a lot in common . 
  that is siim kallas , the main founder of the reform party , that has lead estonia for the past 15 years and was also the european commissioner for 10 years and vice-president of the commission for 5 years . 
  however his return to estonian politics after his eu tour has been very difficult , as his own party leadership rejected him when he tried to come back to lead the party . 
  this is still somewhat remarkable , that the voting lines have n't really played out yet and that the biggest and coalitions leading party has two candidates ( a sign of internal division ) . 
  india and pakistan and ... india and pakistan ? 
  this means not what people think it means . 
  current account balance is not related to budget . 
   the wolves are n't even norwegian . 
  these are all foreign inbred wolves damn migrants i say . 
  lol , except the other guy will occupy you . 
  argentina used to be a huge destination for emigration from all around the world since it used to be a very wealthy american nation with lots of opportunities much like the usa . 
  and eastern europe . 
  if we extend europe ( not eu ) to urals the center is somewhere around the eastern baltic , so i know some estonians and lithuanians claim to be in th center of europe . 
  getting the bullet is the jackpot . 
  no one in nato thinks russia would steamroll europe . 
  the danger they feel however is that russia would cause a local conflict in some nato nation where it has military advantage ( the baltics ) and by doing so causes nato to collapse as it could prove it incapable of defending its members . 
  after such a collapse russia would have a much better chance at gaining power in a divided eastern europe . 
  troops being sent to europe would not be sufficient for a total war either , but could be sufficient to deny russia from trying to cause a localized conflict . 
  correlation does n't have to be 1 / -1, 
  itt : people who do n't know that electricity is n't the only form of energy we consume . 
  i was trying to contribute to the discussion by weighting different possibilities . 
  fuck my paranoid ass , right ? 
  really the least unlikely scenario would be russian green men in nato country , much smaller risk of deadly escalation for russia and much greater chance of passive nato that would cause the nato collapse russia wants . 
  going blitzkrieg against 3 nato and 4th eu members is n't going to be better at achieving these goals than a small unofficial conflict would . 
  not saying the scenario is likely or even possible , but that would be the end of eu , nato and a major victory for russia . 
  it would put them so much higher up in the food chain , that some measly embargoes wo n't mean anything to them . 
  well , it 's not ** only ** about capitalism and transparency , but also other factors such as access to resources , quality of education , cultural matters ( workethics ) . 
  china is well ahead of india or indonesia in many of these regards . 
  what is telling however is the difference in chinese economic growth before and after xiaoping 's reforms and the addtion of capitalist aspects into chinese economy . 
  you 're just proving his point . 
  china is quite far from capitalism , free markets , rule of law and fair regulations , and that 's why they 're not as wealthy as those who have these things . 
  but they have progressed a lot since xiaoping 's reforms towards these previously mentioned aspects and gotten a lot wealthier from it . 
  china is a clear example how allowing free markets , property ownership , capital markets and a semi-reasonable government/court-system makes capitalism  communism . 
  lol , it 's not that i ca n't find them , it 's that they are n't important and visible enough to give a shit about . 
  how many turks have died due to heart disease , traffic accidents , fires , drowning etc in the last 12 months ? 
  i ca n't imagine what terribly radical solution you 're proposing to combat these . 
  but somehow terrorism is so terrible we have to invade countries , end civil liberties and close down the nation . 
  makes sense ? 
  so , you know the 28 commissioners ? 
  i now know exactly two commissioners , estonian one and now the lithuanian one . 
  while it is obviously in part due to my ignorance , it is also partly due to the eu 's governing system being overtly complicated and bloated . 
   let 's face it , there 's absolutely no argument you can bring in defence of people who despite being born in insurmountable access to opportunity , as evidenced by the immensely successful majority , in a country with the best universities in the universe , with extensive social protection , free healthcare etc. 
  uk is a class-society . 
  those best universities , those public schools , that insurmountable access to opportunities , these are for the high class and not the plebs . 
  now , the poles and romanians are n't at fault here nor the eu , but what your saying is just not based on true assumptions . 
  protest votes do sometimes make sense . 
  if you have a relatively large number of people voting for fringe parties for example , can show displeasure with the current establishement and may indicate for established parties to get their shit together or they 'll lose ground to new fringe powers . 
  however , this does n't make sense if the fringe choice actually has a chance of winning and you do n't actually like that fringe ideals . 
  heh , that 's like when ericsson shuts down one production line in estonia - exports decline 20 % . 
  most countries have these human rights written into the constitution . 
  most probably not under the name `` human rights '' , but effectively being that . 
  hmm . 
  maybe , but not really . 
  while human rights are a part of most legal situations , they 're not the only factor . 
  and freedom is n't the only human right , people have constructed other human rights as well . 
  though not everyone agrees on what is and what is n't . 
  yes , that 's what i 'm saying , almost . 
  you have the right to do everything , unless the society comes together , following some set of rules , and restricts your rights to do there things . 
  human rights are constantly restricted and it 's a normal part of a society . 
  your rights of freedom can be restricted if you 've commited a crime , are dangerous to others or if there 're national emergencies . 
  your rights to personal property , fruits of labour are restricted by taxation . 
  you can be drafted into military , have mandatory education , be forced to take vaccines , not drive faster than the speed limit etc. 
  i actually think we agree with eachother , but you 've stated things weirdly in my opinion . 
  the normal should be absolute freedom and this freedom can be restricted if the society has good arguments . 
  but not the other way around . 
  when you say rights can be expanded , i disagree , i 'd wager rights should be absolute and can only be restricted , not expanded . 
   but it is not needed anymore . 
   but it is not needed anymore . 
  your right to eat hamburgers and get a tattoo are a human right , they 're part of your right to your life , to your body , to your freedom . 
  it 's not about the hamburger or tattoo , it 's about your life , body and freedom . 
  i personally still feel a sort of a grudge against finland for they gave out estonian ww2/soviet occupation refugees to the soviet union . 
  jesus christ people !, 
  there are actual calls in this thread to ban anyone in commercials other than people with a bmi of 19-25 . 
  what is wrong with you people ?? 
  that 's a complete non-issue that is not something the government has to regulate . 
  nothing new i presume you wanted to say . 
  what you actually mean to say is : estonia is too poor . 
  and yes , that is true and pretty much the only relevant criteria . 
  turkey is trying really hard to become universally hated . 
  that ca n't possibly be smart . 
  that is such a badly worded question it 's useless .
