  does it mean you think the us intervenes too much , or too little , or in a wrong place ... it makes huge difference , but ca n't be deducted from this data . 
  all that this says is : do you think the us leadership is just right , in just the right place , all perfect . 
  yes , this is a real issue . 
  not one that affects our everyday life , but it 's definitely something estonians really yearn for . 
  to be recognised as wealthy and nice nordics , instead of poor and backwards eastern europe . 
  well , the ratio went off during wwii and never really came back . 
  but yes , it 's due to much lower life expectancy of men ( women live 11 years longer ) and it 's due to alcoholism , smoking , bad eating habits , over-working , stuff like that . 
   according to a survey by the pew research center in 2012 , found that 75 % of europeans considered themselves christians . 
  [ 2 ] from wikipedia . 
  just . . read your own previous post and think about what you just said . 
  some coherence and consistency would be welcome . 
  yeah , no . 
  in this case the majority of europeans are radicals for believing in an absolutist truth . 
  that is ... old news ? 
  i mean they already postponed the ban like what , three years ? 
  oh my , i remember the negative growth speak in the 2008-2009 period . 
  i 'm not 100 % sure , but as my father explained to me , after the unification of germany , berlin was thought to become a new metropolis and extensive residential developments were made . 
  however it turned out people did n't flock to berlin , so there was considerable oversupply of housing , making it very cheap . 
  for some reason foodstuff is n't that expensive there either , do n't know why that is . 
  maybe relative closeness to the cheaper eastern europe ? 
  funny how all the self proclaimed progressives and liberals love the state and its power . 
  you all hate the isds until your own small mom and pap store gets its ass handed to it by government in some random situation . 
  i do n't know . 
  if it does n't hurt anybody then why care ? 
  if i pollute my room by not cleaning it for a while it 's no-ones business as long as it does n't affect others . 
  however if the filth means there 's going to be rats and cockroaches that encroach on other people 's land it becomes their business . 
  how do we solve pollution that does n't affect people , but other animals or that does only have an indirect and hard to detect effects ? 
  we can make laws , contracts , social agreements , promote ethics and morality etc. 
  in capitalism ( where property rights exist at least ) the owner of the land being polluted can sue for compensation . 
  peasant education became a big thing under the swedes . 
  but yes , the good swedish times is more of a newer era thing , than it was back then . 
  germany ( both west and east ) spent a lot of money on military during the cold war and it was n't really that big of a problem , since everyone understood germany was the first in line to be the future battlefield . 
  i do n't think a modern germany has more problems with spending on military than that of the germany right after hitler . 
  poland ? 
  poland existed from about 10th century . 
  they were eventually annexed and later reborn , but there 's little reason to consider them young then the usa . 
   no need for commie blocks in every town on a planet . 
  not arguing for that . 
  commie blocks can and are being turned into modern buildings that look good to the eye and offer more comfort than they used to . 
  in the end , beauty is in the eyes of the beholder , so we can easily accept to disagree . 
  maybe . 
  i do n't have a problem with unoriginal buildings , but i do have a problem with buildings that pretend to be what they are n't . 
  i do n't think you can build a modern building that tries to look identical to that of one from the 19th century . 
  because it 's not . 
  i really like old buildings ... because they are old . 
  you can certaily adopt certain features of old buildings into new ones , but simple copying is like making a plastic version of an old artifact , it is n't and will never be as good as the original, 
  it 's so fake it hurts . 
   the eu should be funded exclusively by a eu-wide 10 % corporation tax no thanks . 
  finally !, 
  the recognition we 've been longing for . 
  our happiness is by a huge amount produced by our decent gdp . 
  however if we were to fall behind other countries too much , happiness will start to suffer . 
  it 's hard to be happy if your living standards start to go down . 
  skyscrapers ( or high-rise buildings ) can definitely make a city a better place . 
  not only due to their efficient use of space , that is highly lacking in many cities , but they can be landmarks to navigate to ( like in the direct vicinity from an important road in a city ) as well as add prestige to the city ( which actually matters in an economic sense ) . 
  they have to be placed right though , best in small clusters and not in the middle of low-rise buildings . 
  oh lol , politico has a stroooong ( american ) liberal bias . 
  but you took our bloody flag !, 
  they were governed by an authoritarian regime for a long time and spent a long time and resources trying to maintain their empire . 
  norway is 692 percent ? 
  would work in estonian , `` loeb '' means both as counting a vote and as a vote that counts ( is important ) . 
  as opposed to the ingenious ideas in this thread like `` why do n't you just shut it down and import everything '' a more realistic solution that does n't involve fucking our economy up , is investing into technologies and capabilities to further improve the products of oil shale industry . 
  everyone in this industry in estonia knows that burning oil shale for electricity is the worst thing you could do with it . 
  it is extremely wasteful , polluting and creates little value . 
  the way forward would be to turn the oil shale into oil , gas and chemicals that can be used for energy , chemical industry and construction , which would leave behind much less waste and create much more value . 
  this however takes investments , technological advancements and high oil prices to happen . 
  the time under swedish rule in estonian national folklore ( ? ), 
  is often called `` the good swedish times '' . 
  mostly because it was that time when our serfs gained a lot more rights ( although not given full freedom as swedish peasants , but many would argue that had the swedish rule lasted longer , then this might have also been a case ) . 
  during that time peasants started receiving primary education ( which had a lot to do with swedish protestantism ) . 
  also our oldest university university of tartu was established by swedes in 1632 , as well as our oldest still functioning gymnasium ( gustav adolph 's gymnasium in tallinn ) . 
  this guy https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bengt_gottfried_forselius is still taught in estonian history . 
  also a joke , that during regaining independence estonian parliament wanted to declare war on sweden and then immediately surrender , to become part of sweden . 
  but you 're now too homosex in sweden , so we ca n't have that anymore . 
  it 's not irrelevant as the only realistic alternative to our dependancy on oil shale is imports . 
  although i 'm personally hoping for a nuclear solution eventually . 
  why only dag\u00f6 though ? 
  would n't you want us all ? 
  oil shale * the extraction methods , recycling and deposition of waste has become a lot better with investments ( a lot from the eu ) , also the overall amount consumed has gone down by about half since the end of ussr , due to not having to supply leningrad . 
  but in the end , burning the fuel is going to create co2 no matter what . 
  speaking of alternatives : nuclear power - there was a willingness to join in with your nuclear power plant , but since your people voted no , it got dropped . 
  there have been talks about possible estonian nuclear power plant , but given the complete lack of competence , know-how and skilled workers in the sector , it would be a hard challenge . 
  wind power is used extensively ( much more so than in lv , lt or fi ) and there are mutliple huge projects in different parts of the pipeline , but in the end , wind can not support our entire energy needs . 
  importing energy like lv and lt is a good solution on paper , but does it actually solve anything ? 
  importing electricity . 
  to be fair lithuania was doing very well when ignalina was still working and in latvia daugava really is a pretty big river . 
  during and after world war 2 , ussr annexed eastern finland , the baltic states , kaliningrad ( old k\u00f6nigsberg ) , moldova ( bessarabia ) and eastern poland into itself . 
  it however also created a sphere of influence of semioccupied and puppeted nations called the warsaw pact which also included poland , czechoslovakkia , hungary , romania and bulgaria , which all had different levels of soverignity or say autonomy . 
  romania under ceau\u0219escu for example displayed occasional disloyalty to ussr . 
  aside from these puppet states there were other friendly and ussr-alligned socialist nations around the world ( like cuba in the americas ) . 
  there were also non-alligned socialist powers like yugoslavia or albania , that had quite cold relations with the ussr . 
  there was also china who i 'd say was a rival socialist power to the ussr . 
  there was a smallish hippy movement and a fairly big punkish movement in estonia , ca n't really talk about others . 
  of the three coalition parties , the centre party ( the one you 're asking about ) and the social democrats have long said they want the tax rate to be more progressive ( i.e not flat ) and the third party ( irl or union of pro patria and res publica ) although nominally a staunch supporter of flat tax , actually proposed a similar if not the exact same plan during the last parliamentary elections . 
  i 'd just say it 's somewhat wrong to say that we are ditching flat tax , we always had two brackets : the tax free bracket and taxed bracket . 
  what changes is that the tax free amount increases and is changed to a linear model up to some level . 
  basically it was a tax reduction for the low earners as opposed to a tax increase for the wealthy . 
  it 's been in the centre 's agenda for a looong time . 
  this is just the first time that the parties supporting this change are actually in charge of the government . 
  traditionally pro-russia ...
