  basically all the experts would have to be brought in from abroad . 
  also not to mention the high cost , long planning and potential popular dislike for such a project . 
  holy fuck the poles have lost their shit . 
  it 's limestone actually . 
  not so sure about brutalism . 
  brutalism is about concrete , this is a very distinct estonian monumental limestone architecture . 
  people just do n't realize this fact , it 's sad really . 
  military spending is about 20 % ( although i do agree that it 's way too much ), 
  the thing is , usa is sparsely populated and even though the average population density in estonia is about the same as in the usa , there are no mountain ranges and deserts with the size of half of europe . 
  and to be fair , the internet in estonia is not provided by the government , but by for-profit enterprises . 
  many of the services provided , that require an id-card , are also non-governmental . 
  true , my example was not good-fitting into the context . 
  libya . 
  ok , so how far away from your home has to be the producers to make no difference for you ? 
  if one is from china and other is your neighbour , you choose your neighbours.but if one is from china and other is from the other side of usa ? 
  or if one is from canada and other is from mexico ? 
  it all comes down to who you consider `` your own '' and who you consider `` the other '' . 
  but in real economic terms , there is no real difference . 
  if a chinese improves his life , so does it affect your life positively , it 's just hard to see , because the affects are not as quick with people more distant from you ( and not so clear ) . 
  for example , when a chinese produces more , he needs more machines and raw materials , which come from australia and usa for example , thus providing extra work for you , your neighbours etc. 
  you should always buy the product that makes you most pleased for the smallest ammount of cost ( pleasure/cost ) . 
  in this way you promote the best producer , extra capital goes for the best producer by making him able to become even more efficent . 
  i think it 's important to make a difference between quality and pleasure . 
  some product can have a superb quality , but is produced by child-labor and comes with huge pollution . 
  in this case you would n't feel as pleased buying this product , as a more expensive and a worse-quality product , that is perhaps produced by your good friend . 
  it should be a personal decision . 
  sometimes child-labor and pollution can be justified . 
  and some people just do n't have the money to buy anything but the cheapest thing . 
  it should n't however be a governmental decision to `` fix '' the market by protectionism . 
  it 's important that we buy things that makes us most pleased , because it transfers capital to where it 's most needed ( where it has most use ) . 
  and who decides where it 's most needed ? 
  the consumer aka you . 
  basically do what you want . 
  yes . 
  they thought that they were the \u00fcbermensch . 
  not sure if you mean the part germany split into hundreds or when it was trying to conquer entire europe :d, 
  you should also consider that in most socialist countries , the emphasis was on heavy industry and in case of ussr , it was military industry . 
  so the gdp itself was not that low , but the life standard itself was crap . 
  you had to wait in lines for years to get a phone and even more to get a car . 
  plus the quality of the products was shit ( except for weapons perhaps ) . 
  i remember yugoslavia being the rich socialists . 
  they were the ones who worked with capitalists . 
  but hey , so were you hungarians . 
  everyone should have the right to discriminate against anybody he wills , besides , it 's justified in some situations . 
  i do n't think globalization is the right word you are looking for . 
  i 'm rather seeing many protectionist policies popping up during obama 's second term . 
  that actually is a one damn stupid law . 
  if i were a communist , i would be pissed as well . 
  i know liubertarians and liberals , but the liberalterian was confusing . 
  what is this i do n't even, 
  bow and arrow are for killing , as well as swords . 
  and you can use gun to shoot target , hunt animals , self-defense . 
  speculation as buying and selling stocks and commodities ? 
  you are going to mass murder people in this case . 
  buying cheap and selling expensive has the exact opposite effect you 're thinking . 
  in fact it increases prices when they are cheap and lowers them when it 's too expensive . 
  because the excessive load is taken away from the market and put back in case of deficit . 
  without speculation you would have people dying when there 's deficit , because nobody has accumulated extra food . 
  seriously , you would fuck shit up . 
  because the right to bear arms is what differentiates a free person from a slave . 
  at least it has been so far for the entire history . 
  also guns can prevent crimes ( imagine if one person on utoya had a gun except for breivik ) . 
  the criminals will get their weapons anyway . 
  also , if guns are banned , should we ban knives and other pointy things as well ? 
  or are these reasonable threats ? 
  where do you draw the line of too dangerous and safe ? 
  how far can the government go of taking away your rights ? 
  they are almost all terrible . 
  i ca n't be the only one who would prefer nations without states to states without nations . 
  thank you !, 
  i guess thanks to rich oil-nations being bad innovators . 
  also it 's a stupid . 
  i agree . 
  and europeans make a lot good electronic music . 
  i always imagined london as a wonderful place as a child . 
  i imagined a cloudy/rainy day , drinking some tea in a massive stone building . 
  anyways , went to london 5 years ago and well , i still think it 's the best place to be . 
  completely offtopic , but does algarve mean something in portugese ? 
  as in estonian , an `` algarv '' means `` prime number '' and it caught my attention . 
  / b / hates everyone , / b / hates / b / . 
  the fact that one hates another does n't mean they are not like each other . 
  surely balkan nations have implemented the philosophies of classical liberals , such as favoring competition and not taxing shit out of people . 
  yes , because buying expensive european stuff rises his living standard . 
  this ca n't be true . 
  denmark beats you with greenland . 
  every decision on the personal level , this is my hope for the future . 
  edit : i thought it was r/europe not r/oppression , if anyone of you thinks that you are better capable of making judgements in my life than myself , then please go and f *** yourself . 
  no , the money would be taken from the people and then given back to them . 
  it 's not helping anyone except politicans and state-workers . 
  nobody gives a fuck !, 
  you 're in reddit , in / r/europe i wonder you have n't been yet downvoted to oblivion . 
  i feel somewhat proud , although it has no real life groundw , it 's just a s typical circlejerk . 
  i do however know and feel that i 'm closely related to other europeans ( more than i 'm with americans , chinese or less important nations ) , i hope the worlsd will become one and europe could be the one showing the way with different cultures , but common ideals and goals . 
  i hope the crisis we are having will be overcome , better adjustments are made and we can continue unifying our contient voluntarily and peacefully . 
  what i fear the most is the rise of extremism and violence in the times of trouble . 
  i really care for europe as i 'm part of it , i do n't feel espescially proud when i think about it , but i most certanly feel good when `` we '' manage to do something great . 
  i believe in cooperation and peaceful interaction and borders are nothing in our way . 
  the finnish are a good example to estonians . 
  all the `` lama '' shit and all and how you came out strong and innovative with nokia . 
  sorry i be not good talk , i drunk .
