  such as comparing pre-defined criteria like unemployment , gdp , inflation etc between groups and in time . 
  economists also try to find control groups . 
  although finding an absolutely equal group is impossible , reasonable approximations can be done ( but be used with extreme caution ) . 
  nobody said economics was easy . 
  the problem is n't that economics is n't a science , but that people want to read more out from results then there really is . 
  if something is n't reproductibile because of how our universe works , it does n't mean the results are wrong , but it does mean you have to take the results with healthy skepticism . 
  and as i said , policy-making is a whole another topic from economics as a science . 
  tallinn used to be called reval , which is a germanification of estonian name r\u00e4vala ( that was the surrounding county around `` tallinn '' in pre-christian estonia ) . 
  our first re-independence time president lennart meri ( who is also a writer and a film-maker ) wrote a theory that the name r\u00e4vala comes from `` r\u00e4bu '' , meaning `` egg-yolk '' , that comes from ancient finnic mythology , where the world came from inside an egg . 
  pre-christian tallinn was known as kolyvan in russian , as qlwn in a 1154 map by arab cartographer al-idrisi . 
  it probably comes from `` kalevan '' which comes from `` kalev '' - one of the central people in estonian and finnic mythology ( finnish epic is `` kalevala '' while the estonian national epic is `` kalevipoeg '' ( son of kalev ) ) . 
  tallinn at the same time has also been called `` lindanise '' . 
  linda was the wife of kalev and the mother of kalevipoeg . 
  after 1219 when the danes conquered tallinn ( and got their flag dropped from the sky by god ) , the estonian name for reval/kalevan/lindanise started to become `` taanilinn '' , meaning `` the danish town '' , which over time got contracted into `` tallinn '' . 
  economics definitely is a science if the scientific method is applied , which it is . 
  if you apply scientific method to company management it 's science . 
  there is also both the theoretical economics and practical ( applied ) economics . 
  the second one is perhaps less of a science and more like engineering if you like . 
   source please . 
  it 's not true , but it has a point . 
  most likely what it is , is that czechs produce low and mid part of value chain and germans turn it into end products , exporting it as made in germany . 
  that is ca 80 % tied t the growth of germany . 
  germany is the most important trading partner to poland , slovakia and czech republic . 
  so in this sense germany is a special snowflake , a very special one in fact . 
  this is incredibly embarrassing . 
  our spy got abducted and dragged to russia to live a large part of his life in imprisonment and we 're not even doing anything . 
  it 's a failure of our counter-intelligence and our foreign policy . 
  i have to say russians got us damn good . 
  this is what separates europe from russia . 
  for europeans , losing a market in geopolitical posturing means suffering , even if objectively there 's hardly any loss at all . 
  russians on the other hand are willing to eat nothing but rotten potatoes as long as russia is strong and frightening . 
  did you read the article ? 
  it 's pretty clear the public of a lot of countries are not sharing the same thoughts about defense . 
  in estonia , we have a coalition ( that has basically , with small tweaks ruled estonia for the past 8 years ) that has a economically right and socially liberal party , with an economically right and socially conservative party , with an ecoonmically left and socially liberal party . 
  the thing with power ( and corruption ) is that not always is the power in the institution . 
  medvedev was the president and is the prime minister of russian federation , but he has relatively little actual power . 
  knowledge is power , and being a central piece in an inner-circle of actual leadership gives you a lot of knowledge . 
  they know who has screwed up somewhere , they know how and by doing which favors someone climbed the power tree . 
  and if you know that , you can either protect the person in power , or destroy them . 
  if the spokesperson is actually inside the circle , he definitely has a lot of power to corrupt . 
  i 'd say estonia is more homophobic than finland despite being less religious , definitely not because of it . 
  ussr just hated gays without any religious reasons and that has translated to nowadays . 
  pkk in turkey is pretty communist . 
  i 'm sure there are other small factions in the islamic world that are heavily influenced by communism . 
  but yes , it 's rare . 
  van driven is some dutch person ? 
  does a bulletvest stop a knife ? 
  i 've heard the stringy structure of kevlar is very easy to pierce with a knife . 
   they want to abolish compulsory military service altogether highly likely  and preferably retire finnish army completely . 
  ehh . . where do you take that from ? 
  most of the countries in the world have armies and no conscription . .  these guys think it would actually be a good idea to go ahead and join russia straight away if that would prevent war . 
  intellectual dishonesty much ? 
  how the fuck do you make these conclusions ? 
  well it 's syriza 's fault for daring to even try to fight back against an abusive lover . 
  they were not in a position of power , they chose the wrong option . 
  they should 've either a ) shut up and not anger troika or b ) leave the eurozone/troika . 
  but they chose c ) be unprepared to leave troika/eurozone , but also try and fight against them . 
  while i agree that people should put their money were their mouth is , knowing that the crash is coming might not give you any edge if everybody knows it 's coming . 
  you 'd have to pay a heavy price to get into the falling market at the moment , nobody is going to buy your options/futures if you 're not offering them a great deal of money . 
  you mean fascist ? 
  pissed ? 
  not at all , a little confused perhaps when looking at eu statistics and estonia seemingly do so bad in every category . 
  until you realise it 's silly spain , 
  not meant as an offense , but it 's very difficult to notice sarcasm in that sentence alone . 
  it 's called a hypothetical question and the point of it was to give a real life analogy to the conscription vs. professional army debate . 
  if professional armies are more capable than larger conscription armies , then it would also mean that similar countries ( like estonia and latvia ) with different doctrines should be representative of these differences . 
  but muh emoshuns !, 
  you know , the valga and valka basketball teams joined and are now playing in estonian league ( primarily ) . 
  it has begun . 
  well i just had an urge to go and re-liberate riga . 
  was an honest mistake we did n't take it for ourselves in 1919 . 
  reminds me of israel and gaza . 
  oh , you shot a missile , well i guess we have to occupy you and kill thousands of you . . disclaimer : mind you , i understand israel 's position and they do try to minimize civilian casualties . 
  direct costs , yeah , indirectly maybe not . 
  you take away ca 1 year of a persons life , that would otherwise be working , studying etc. 
  military can be beneficial for the person as well , but a lot of the time is spent idle and could almost definitely be spent more productively outside . 
  just as a thought experiment , you think latvian professional army could beat estonian conscript army ? 
  that frenchie is probably drunk or something . 
  well that is true , you also need a strong conventional army , nukes are never going to replace that . 
  nukes are meant to be never used , therefore they do n't actually kill the enemy . 
  but russia is extremely unlikely to focus all of its military power on a front of 1-3 small countries . 
  a piece by piece unconventional war is way more likely as it 's in ukraine . 
  or look at the war with georgia , it was n't the entirety of russian military plowing to tbilisi in 10 minutes . 
  conventional army is extremely relevant even if you are of small size . 
  you have to look it in context . 
  nuclear weapons would dissuade russia from full on attack , meaning that ukraine can act without having to fear total war . 
  this gives ukraine the ability to kill the greenmen , as there would be no further escalation on russia 's part . 
  then the number of active troops is absolutely insanely stupid . 
  pretty much all american towns are griddy . 
  the reason being their towns grew quickly in a time of urban planning , while the european towns grew much more gradually and without initial planning . 
  do you have conscription ? 
  if they have no juristiction then the court wo n't probably take it into discussion even . 
  it 's actualyl very common for arbitrators to say that this does not belong here . 
  the company should still be allowed to try . 
  i know and so does the court . 
  what makes you think that the court will just make someone pay the company ? 
  but if they made a legally binding contract ( which it probably is n't ) and it was broken by the government , then they are responsible for the losses inflicted . 
  absolutely , there has to be a very strict way of choosing the arbitrators . 
  no , but giving a promise you do that , make way for a 500 million investment and then saying oopsie , not gon na do that is pretty filthy if you ask me . 
  besides none of this challenges the point that even if the company is 100 % guilty , they still should have the opportunity to bring the case to a court .
