  because everyone else is n't . 
  if sweden allows nato troops to pass , it is no longer neutral and will be dragged into the war . 
  i replied to comment about trump dropping out . 
  drop out from favour let 's say . 
  2012 nomination run in republican party was a constant change in the frontrunner candidate . 
  one week it was romney , then perry , then it was santorum , then it was gingrich , even ron paul had 30-something % support at one moment . 
  not the same redditors really . 
  besides there are a lot common between very left and very right - namely social liberalism . 
  nothing in common , very single american nation has more common with any other american country than pretty much any two most similar european nations do . 
  maybe god just missed a little and instead of falling to estonians , it mistakingly fell to danes ? 
  well yes , of course it 's a take it or leave it ... what is the alternative - get every single 500 million europeans and 300 million americans to agree on every single issue ? 
  we have eu commission leading the negotiation from the eu side , that are government leaders of democratic countries . 
  they also have multiple issues debated and voted on the eu parliament , that are used to guide the negotiation process . 
  what is your alternative , how should such processes as trade deal agreements be made ? 
  i do n't get the thinking . . why should n't we be able to sue governments if they cause harm ? 
  what makes people think that gross malpractices do n't happen in governments or that they should n't be responsible/liable ? 
  while you might as well be right , this means the eu with its common market should n't exist . 
  also against logic and common sense . 
  just stop spewing your shit . 
  there 's more than a year before making the deal public and having the final decision . 
  how much time do you need ? 
  it does n't really matter in energy consumption/production viewpoint . 
  whether it 's central heating , electric heaters or something else , the watts still have to be produced . 
   the most transparent and democratic trade deal ever debated . 
   still not good enough, 
  given how willing we are to fuck over other estonians , i really really doubt there 's actually anything to do with culture , only xenophobia at the extreme ( anyone not me is not worth much ) . 
  great logic . 
  that , btw is a very important argument for legalising ( some ) drugs . 
  it 's inevitable people use drugs , war or drugs have ended horribly . 
  better educate and help people than put everyone in jail where the problems only magnify . 
  to patrol your border . 
  i mean do you not want good border control equipment ? 
  yeah , he might have a slight agenda . 
  we used wind factor as wind capacity factor . 
  2 years ago , we established ( also i made a limited research ) giving the factor at around 20 % ( existing plants in estonia ) . 
  best years perhaps giving 25 % . 
  yes , we knew that global best can easily beat that 30 % or even 35 % , but as a global average , that really does seem unlikely . 
  but , then again , i never had access to the data of other countries . 
  wind factor of 37 % ... that is extremely good . 
  too good to seem right . 
  let me make myself clear , by supply side i do n't mean that production causes demand per se , but that there is undercapitalisation in the market , which means that the solution is higher capital spending ( that can be achieved by expansionary monetary policy , that can be achieved by lowering taxes/taking loans ) . 
  instead of a demand side approach , that would recommend increasing consumption . 
  after both wwi and wwii when the production capabilities did n't match that of consumer needs , since production went into weaponry . 
  instead of increasing demand , the solution was to invest capital in order to revamp production to consumer goods . 
  2 ) i doubt anyone seriously believes that it 's good to spend a lot during boom and cut during crisis . 
  the reason austerity was used in greece , italy , spain , portugal , ireland , latvia , malta etc. 
  was because they had n't followed the logic that you should gather reserves during high-times that you would spend during downtimes . 
  instead they had gone into debt , often heavy debt during the boom years and were simply unable to continue when the crisis hit . 
  austerity was never intended to be a good solution , but it often was the only solution . 
  you ca n't spend yourself out from the crisis when you ca n't get a loan from the markets and only way to get a loan is to convince every single ez member to give them loans that are inherently going to make losses for the creditors . 
  supply side economics is n't always wrong . 
  sometimes you really have a lack of capital/production capabilities . 
  of course this was n't the issue . 
  but the demand side does n't really have a solution either , since consumption levels reached with government expansions is n't sustainable either . 
  yep , the anti-gmo and anti-nuclear gibberish is almost entirely european . 
  oh my , what have you done ? 
   and due to some smart policies of previous ministers of economy , russia has extremely low national debt . 
  yeah , they went bankrupt in 1998-1999 and cancelled all debt . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1998_russian_financial_crisis which is a reason they ca n't get loans nearly as cheap as usa can . 
  i know it is a response . 
  however that response ( imo ) only furthers the decline . 
  it 's a self-reinforcing process . 
  i have posted similar comments before , but i 'll say it again . 
  a war between nuclear powers does n't mean a nuclear war . 
  in fact we have had numerous small wars between two nuclear countries : india and pakistan . 
  in fact a small limited conflict not using nukes is what could profit russia the most , which i will come to later . 
  2 and 3 : the gain . 
  the ideal scenario for russia would be a collapse of eu and nato , which would create a power vacuum in eastern europe that russia could use to gain massive influence . 
  both the eu and nato have shown relative weakness lately and might be a fairly easy nut to crack . 
  how would you crack it you ask ? 
  well , imagine a `` green men '' incursion bit eastern estonia after russian supported local separatists start a riot . 
  russian troops and local troops armed by russia take quickly control over the majority russian towns here . 
  our military might not be capable of preventing this . 
  what happens next ? 
  russia wins if nothing happens . 
  nato and eu members may say that they can not militarily involve themselves in our local politics . 
  after all , officially , there is no war with russia . 
  given that the separatists have enough time to fortify their positions and bring in reinforcements from russia , estonia will not be capable of taking back the lost land , leaving the situation similar to that if donetsk in ukraine . 
  suddenly nato and eu members realize their members state has been invaded and they have n't done anything . 
  the following political crisis in the west would be by far enough to collapse these institutions . 
  and with minimal cost russia has achieved a massive victory putting putin in the list of greatest geopolitical actors of modern times . 
  i 'm not saying this is a likely scenario , but would you say it is an impossible or implausible one ? 
  yes and no . 
  it is the only party that has considerable russian votes and a large number of high ranking russian members , as well as generally displaying more russia-friendly rhetorics . 
  however the other half of the party are mostly pro-estonian left leaning liberals . 
  the other group just ( few days ago ) ousted the long term leader savisaar and took over the party ( making the talks of the party splitting up very real ) . 
  this new leadership however is considered coalition-material for other parties and it quickly started the chain reaction in our current government , in which both the reform party and the smaller social democrats and irl ( union of of pro patria and res pucliba ) to seek the center party out as a potential coalition partner . 
  it totally depends on local circumstances . 
  do you have a lot of available hydro reserves and capabilities for quick and cheap power regulation ? 
  are you interconnected to other networks so that sudden power surpluses and deficits can be handled across the border ? 
  do you have other reliable base power capabilities ( ex nuclear ) ? 
  if the answer is yes to all or some of these questions then yes , renewables cab turn out quite cheap . 
  if no , then renewables are a waste of money and a drain on the ecology rather than a gain . 
  yes and no . 
  yes as in they already are . 
  there is very tight cooperation between the baltic states within nato and also between the three themselves . 
  no , because complete integration would be immensely difficult and might not render better results . 
  first of all , estonian army is based on conscription , the lithuanians recently reintroduced conscription while latvia runs on a ( very small ) professional army . 
  the military spending is quite different . 
  until very recently estonia spent as much on defense as latvia and lithuania combined .
