  then your neighbour decides without consulting with you , to cut himself out from the grid , but this will cause you considerable losses , since now you have to build yourself a new grid as well . 
  obviously we 're going to pay russia for their connections with kaliningrad and that wo n't be cheap either . 
  it is very expensive and completely unnecessary political posturing . 
  it wo n't give any more independence from russia . 
  self-sufficient ? 
  catalonia would be bigger than a lot of perfectly functioning independent countries . 
  it 's not very popular , but it 's a known game and pretty ok in my opinion . 
  easy to understand , everyone can play ( regardless of physical abilities ) and makes you go outside , but is not exhausting . 
  perfect game for a quiet day . 
  well in a larger way it 's a desperate attempt at being relevant . 
  like the yesterdays `` news '' that the airplane used in the new bond movie was used in estonia by parachuters . 
  like what the fuck . 
  how does that have any meaningful impact on any of us ? 
  now , this attempt at being relevant is totally understandable . 
  estonia needs to have an identity , since without our identity there 's no reason for us to exist . 
  we need to make sure the world does not consider us a part of russia , since this would mean extinction for us . 
  and obviously we want to be good , rich and developed like the nordic countries and it 's good that we have some role-models . 
  but the nordic desire is very real , read some lennart meri 's writings for example . 
  it 's all about us being the real nordic country . 
  we really want into nordic , but ca n't . 
  this is a deep rooted insecurity issue . 
  i do n't necessarily agree with you . 
  what does showing intolerance mean ? 
  if a person does not like gays and he says it out loud ( to perhaps some gay people ) is it not his right ? 
  surely it 's not approporiate . 
  but the problem is more on the active discrimination/violence aspect . 
  being openly against something does n't mean i discriminate against it . 
  welcome all to the not black-and-white world !, 
   abkhazia and south ossetia are n't georgian territory anyway ; unless you support the work of joseph stalin . 
  other way around mate . 
  before staling they were integral part of georgia , not autonomous . 
  damn lazy welfare bums them finns . 
  i do n't see why . 
  a common system does n't mean you get a new migration policy ? 
  let 's say `` lita '' has some odd meanings in some languages as well . 
  best experience : best looking town ( old town ) in the world : worst experience : ate a little too much in \u0160vejk restaurant and felt a little dizzy afterwards . 
  the keys are a good symbol for any town , but riga has used these as symbols before . 
  would support that . 
  i mean it was not just expected , but pretty much certain it would happen . 
  reminds me when estonia was in international media in august 2001 for the same issue . 
  luckily 9/11 happened and everyone forgot that story . . 
  i mean east and west do technically kind of meet everywhere . 
  some towns in ida-virumaa are so empty that apartments are even given away with money . 
  logic behind it : if you own an apartment there , you still have to pay for some of the utilities ( heating mostly ) , so you 're better of paying someone to take your apartment than stick to it . 
  also some of these `` apartments '' are quite inhospitable . 
  when i heard estonia got bronze i assumed it 's a sort of `` everyone who 's not the best gets bronze , yay '' . 
  so i was right i guess ? 
  by trying to be regional powers ? 
  i mean poland is showing good strength , but obviously other ee countries do n't have that potential , do they ? 
  that is exactly what is supposed to not happen . 
  russian diplomats , spies , security officers all get training including getting wasted and not telling out stuff . 
  i 'm not sure about the method here , but estonia is about to go through a labour reform where people previously ( currently ) not counted as a part or workforce will soon become part of the workforce ( partially disabled people mostly ) meaning that the unemployment rate will go up to around 10 % . 
  no working clauses are used a lot , in public and private sector both . 
  it 's common sense you are n't allowed to leave for a competitor in the same field . 
  you think finnish women are smoking hot ? 
  i guess i must feel bad for sweden . 
  they lost , but hungary later retained way more autonomy from moscow than many other warsaw pact nations . 
  hungary had some forms of private entrepreneurship during the communist era that made hungary wealthier than other countries in the east . 
  at least that 's what is told here in estonia . 
  yes we could become energy importers like you guys . 
  but shipping energy production `` overseas '' wo n't be reducing the actual pollution , but only the place of pollution . 
  while i agree that the pollution it creates is a problem , it has gotten a lot better in the past few decades , estonia is sparsely populated allowing the environment to better cope with the pollution and also importantly the energy sector in estonia is actually a ) export capable and b ) only major employer in russian-inhabited north-eastern estonia where the disappearance of these jobs would greatly threaten our national security . 
  what green energy ? 
  as i said , there is no more on-shore wind potential , solar has a very limited potential , no hydropower potential . 
  only realistic renewables i see are off-shore windparks that are being developed , but they have their problems ( like an estimated price of 150 $ / mwh and most importantly not being a base-load plant , you ca n't just add infinite windpower to a network ) , and burning wood , which is being done as much as possible already . 
  both are huge importers of electricity . 
  lithuania is so low because their one huge nuclear power plant in ignalina was closed some years ago due to eu regulations . 
  that single plant basically produced 100-150 % of lithuania 's demand . 
  latvia ... just does n't produce electricity . 
  they have a hydro-electric plant on daugava river that pushes latvia to net exporter in the spring when water levels are high , but is otherwise dependant on imports . 
  realistically , what else is there to do ? 
  we have a lot of oil shale and the oil shale industry here has been since the beginning of 1900s . 
  we do n't have large rivers to harvest hydro power ( narva river hydropower plant is owned by russia ) . 
  our on-shore wind capacity is essentially full . 
  we do n't have the technical expertise or tradition on nuclear energy ( though many say , including me , that this is an area we should focus on ) . 
  we could burn gas , but it 's expensive as shit , besides it means dependancy on russian imports . 
  at least the situation is improving , there are a lot of new filters to catch the pollution , the production levels are much lower ( in 1980s estonia provided electricity for leningrad oblast , since the fall of ussr the electricity production has gone down more than a half ) . 
  several companies have increased oil , gas and chemical production from oil shale , making way less waste , being way more efficient and creating more value than simply burning oil shale . 
  one aspect is also that wood is being burned in these plants mixed with oil shale and coal , making it less carbon-negative . 
  ( we have a lot of trees here and re-forestation is only growing ) . 
  no it 's not . 
  words are just a means to convey ideas . 
  what makes the whole matter worse is how we interpret these words . 
  i can simply decide . . just like that , that asshole from now on means proud and courageous and it stops being an insult . 
  yes , if you say i 'm an asshole , you most likely intend it as an insult , but it makes you offensive , not the words . 
  neutral with reservations . 
  all this discussion about offensive words is ridiculous . 
  words are n't offensive , people can be offensive . 
  you can use nigger as an insult or you can use it in a completely neutral discourse . 
  now , i do think that some people ( not all ) who very insistently declare that neeger is not an offensive word , are the ones using it as an offence . 
  i feel good , that policies are made by fairly well-educated and informed politicians , rather than the masses . 
  ttip for example . 
  moldova is the poorest country in europe , on par with many african countries . 
  they have the unfortunate fate of being ripped apart by transnistria , a russian-speaking , russian-military hosting breakaway republic . 
  much of the industry was there . 
  also , moldova has been mostly governed by communist governments even after the fall of ussr , so reforms have not happened like in the more developed former soviet republics . 
  sometimes lose , always win . 
  ehh . . most of eastern europe has very very high home ownership - like 80-90 % high . 
  they actually kind of do . 
  how sure are you ?
