  if the same happened in usa , that the government ca n't care for its people , then it might fall apart , but russians are way too used to that to care . 
  competition has proven to be vital for advancement and progress . 
  yes , fighting also hampers it , but without a motive to compete , there has historically been little reason to innovate . 
  would recommend reading niall ferguson 's `` civilization : west and the rest '' edit : i 'd like to fuck every downvoter with a rake into their bottom . 
  i hope you 're just poor at imagination and not all that there is to be discovered has n't been done so . 
  not answering your point really , but just wanted to say that it 's appalling how naive and brainwashed the russian populace is in some instances . 
  for example the annexation of crimea - the levada-cnter polling agency found out , that around 80 % of russians polled thought that most of ukrainians supported russian annexation of crimea . 
  they literally believe that they are the heroes and the good guys and that everyone loves them . 
  except for the fascists of course . 
  unbeliveble . 
  eastern europe was definitely considerably poorer than the western europe . 
  the difference probably being that there were greater differences among the western countries : norway , iceland , spain were rather poor , while there might have been some more advanced eastern countries - czechoslovakia ? 
  who the hell is 20 years old and in doctorate ? 
  what the hell , why such a constraint ? 
  the russian one is really quite old . 
  at least in the ex-ussr it 's been so for a while . 
  the eu is yet another protectionist motherfucka . 
  edit : yeah , let 's all pretend that all american apples are poisonous and it has nothing to do with local farmers lobby . 
  i guess you all believe that russia is correct about banning imports from europe as well ? 
  espescially the one in serbia . 
  it 's probably supposed to be kosovo , that is big enough that the rectangle itself is of the same size right next to kosovo that is simply not coloured - wtf ? 
  ca n't really speak of any real stereotypes . 
  they make good beer , are the wealthiest of the ex-block countries and are the most german of any slavs . 
  they were also the brave ones who dared to oppose the soviets and got their fair share of repression due to that . 
  so you 're viewed very well i believe . 
   romania is the place where even flies vomit because of the smell . 
  actually flies can only eat liquids and therefore have to vomit out their stomach acid on solid foods in order to be able to eat the solids . 
  it being on of the reason why you really do n't want flies on your food . 
  and 27,5 % want to join russia though . 
  and that is a huge percentage of people who are actually saying they want another country to annex it . 
  seriously , that 's not a good news . 
  they are a minority , but a huge and very angry minority . 
  in general , no . 
  i am definitely not surprised nor is there anything new with what 's going on . 
  i still have the love-hate relationship with russia as before . 
  however , i have great respect for putin , for actually looking and acting like a great leader . 
  sure he 's a cunt and deserves to die a horrible death , but damn has he been on a stroll for the last couple of years . 
  i personally believe that the form of government does n't really matter itself . 
  what matters are the merits of said government . 
  there have been great kings , enlightened governments and very efficient administrative dictatorships ( such as china ) , as well as great democracies . 
  it might be that it 's statistically better to have a democracy instead of a monarchy , but in the end it all boils down to every individual case . 
  i think freedoms are important and i believe sometimes monarchies can protect them better than democracies . 
  besides , every government restricts peoples freedoms , no matter how democratic . 
  well , ussr had elections as well and did n't have a dictatorship after the death of stalin . 
  it was still a repressive state , even though you could rise to power from wherever you were - you only had to make your way through the party . 
  i 'm not saying it 's better or worse than the absolute monarchy in saudi arabia . 
  they gifted crimea to ukraine as well , i think that given a chance and real opportunity , russia would definitely try to get alaska back . 
  of course no such possibility exist . 
  yeah , only that anyone can take money and then distribute it and take the pride for doing it . 
  it 's just not all that righteous in reality . 
  i mean it 's great some roads get to be built by the eu money and perhaps it deserves some praise ( i 'm not going to assume the op is sarcastic ) . 
  but the road could 've been built by a national government or a local government , or a voluntary group or by a rich man . 
  they could and they have build numerous roads , but they do n't usually put up plaques to praise themselves . 
  if the eu could tax everyone 100 % and take responsibility for any economic action , would it be something worth of praise or condemnation ? 
  the money eu uses to build the roads comes from somewhere , where it can no longer be used . 
  it 's not like the eu money just magically comes from somewhere . 
  it might be the case for poorer eu states that actually get more money than they put into , but i doubt it 's the case with the netherlands . 
  contrary to savannahjeff 's opinion i think the headline describes perfectly the situation we are in . 
  there 's literally no such contract , neither with nato , nor any of the baltic states . 
  it might and probably was implied somewhere , but it 's not a contract you can breech . 
  you are correct . 
  at least there was n't any found evidence between linter and the organising of riots . 
  he was definitely part of organising the protests though and had reasonable authority in the situation . 
  yes , i saw some statistics that 2/3 of people in donetsk would prefer to stay with ukraine , but this does n't mean it looks and stays peaceful . 
  i 'm certain the nato would intervene in case of a war . 
  the problem , however , is that the definition of war is not clear anymore . 
  were russia and georgia in war in 2008 or was it just a russian peace-keeping mission . 
  were ukraine and russia at war over crimea ? 
  no they were n't - but it was still a military takeover . 
  what is the scariest and most realistic possibility in estonia , is not as much of a foreign invasion , but a domestic crisis . 
  some nut heads ( dmitry linter and co ) are already organising protest to have a referendum on joining with russia . 
  of course it 's harmless ... only that dmitry linter was also behind the april riots in 2007 . 
  nato tanks will not fight against russian rioters in estonia . 
  sure , the nato tanks could probably hold off the russian peace-keeping invasion , but nato is not interested in cleaning up the faults of estonian social policies . 
  you are correct in that it can become self-fulfilling , but saying it has little to do with actual financial data is absurd . 
  if the actual situation is bad then the company loses its trust , yet if the financials are actually good - they can survive a temporary surge and loss of trust . 
  if you lack resources to be ready for a bank-panic , then you 're not really well financed and therefore should and do have a greater risk of default . 
  you have to be ready for unprepared losses such as a temporary loss of trust . 
  the greeks lived beyond their means because they are unable to finance their liabilities . 
  usa and japan can , greece ca n't . 
  sure , usa or japan can also default at some point , but they are not looking like they will , they have enough trust and economic capability to pay their liabilities . 
  it does n't matter how many percentage of gdp you have in debts . 
  it only matter whether you can pay for it . 
  if you default at only 20 % of debt , you 're still in default . 
  some companies can operate at a very high level of debt , while others ca n't , same applies to countries . 
  i think it 's fairly international . 
  in estonian you can in some circumstances simply say `` v\u00f5rk '' which would literally mean `` net/web '' . 
  and an ineffective censorship at that . 
  yes , by 1990 there was only around 2000 estonians in finland , compared to 20k + in sweden , canada or usa . 
  finland turned out to be not the most ideal place to emigrate to during ww2 . 
  i 'm pretty sure the opinions would be different when the russian media decides to launch a hysteric propaganda campaign , people riot and russia shows direct willingness to invade . 
  given that so many of the russians here believe absolutely anything told by the russian media , i would n't be surprised at all if the situation would change quickly . 
  the northern countries also use a lot of wood . 
  espesically when it comes to heating . 
  and in estonia at least we use a lot of biomass even for electricity production . 
  it 's currently 3 months of storage and soon to be lowered to 2 months of storage due to changing eu regulations . 
  estonia still has compulsory military service for men . 
  there 's 60 000 men in reserves and are ready to be called to arms . 
  of course , if the russians manage to do a complete surprise attack , we could n't probably mobilise quickly enough , but the plan is to mobilise before the attack happens . 
  during the last month , pretty much all of the reserves are noticed to be ready for a mobilisation .
