  investing into education , industry and infrastructure are increadibly profitable investements when the base is very low . 
  every `` dollar '' invested brings back tens . 
  the more advanced a society becomes , the harder it becomes to find new avenues for growth . 
  that 's what the soviets eventually hurdled . 
  easy options were out and they were n't capable of another jump . 
  war is peace, 
  not everything is about homo . 
  poland has had a lower gdp per capita since forever ( or since the communist times ) . 
  only recently has poland caught up . 
  not exactly `` fighting to death '' though . 
  russia became independent , so ussr with just the - stans would ' t be that great . 
  ait\u00e4h is weird word in estonian as well . 
  literally the only non-loanword with emphasis not on the first syllable . 
  they are probably religious . 
  they cut people 's hands off . 
  not to eat them though , just because . 
  good for you , we need a strong central europe , both culturally and economically . 
  well , your \u016b just means a long `` u '' vowel , right ? 
  our \u00fc is quite different . 
  it 's a unit used in agriculture and forestry , mostly when you talk of growth , i.e you get a m3/hectare of growth per year . 
  russia arrested an estonian businessman yesterday for spying . 
  but i 'm not sure if it 's really a trade-worthy bunch . 
  there are some fringe `` theories '' that finno-ugric is a part of a larger ugric-altaic language group that contains mongol langage . 
  edit : there is also that some words truely are common across languages , either due to being very arhaic ( `` water '' ) or for otherwise developing similarly in different langugages ( `` mom '' ) . 
  so there 's a soviet delegation into czechoslovakia and among one of the places visited is the czechoslovakkian maritime ministry . 
  the confused soviet delegates ask the hosts : `` why do you have a maritime ministry , if you do n't even have any sea coast ? '' . 
  `` well , '' answer the hosts , `` so what ? 
  soviet union has a ministry of culture , do n't you ? '', 
  jewish runs through the mother line anyways . 
  that 's not the whole story . 
  countries define things differently . 
  estonia is currently going through a change that redefines disabilities , this redefinition means that the number of people counted as part of the workforce changes . 
  this change in the workforce changes the unemployment rate . 
  it is estimated that our unemployment will rise by about 2 % due to that change . 
  it 's not useless , but it has severe limitations . 
  knowing the initial rate would give a lot more information . 
  a country that did n't even have recession would look comparetively bad next to a country that was in the deep of the recession . 
  it would also be different due to the crisis beginning at different times in different countries . 
  and it does only show amplitude but not relative change . 
  a country that cuts unemployment from 6 % to 4 % has done much better than a country whose unemployment went from 20 % to 15 % . 
  of course there are more problems like not taking into account emigration or immigration or some technical differences between calculating unemployment in different countries . 
  afaik the key is generated by the card and is only known to it . 
  if someone goes with it , it 's going to be them anyways . 
  important to note is that it 's a legal possibility offered by the state to banks and e-residents . 
  it does n't mean banks agree to it . 
  it is yet to be seen if banks go with it . 
  that seems ... electronic . 
  i would n't put chechnya trying to break off a too huge of an improbability . 
  they have tried it before and are currently friendly with putin 's regime because it benefits them . 
  russia 's external debt is 23 % of gdp , so i do n't see that hurting them any time soon . 
  during the wars of 1208-1227 danes , swedes and teutonic germans all fought in estonia . 
  other than that , the estonian lands were divided up between numerous tribes that did have some alliances , but were n't a truly unified front . 
  technological difference did exist , especially when it comes to armoured knights and siege weaponry . 
  we do n't have genders for words , but we have it even worse . 
  much worse . 
  much much worse . 
  there are 26 different types of nouns and 12 types of verbs , that are all changed slightly differently and you ca n't realistically learn them , but only learn by using the language . 
  edit : and of course irregular words that do n't go under any of those 38 types . 
  using 70 % of forest growrth means the forested area is increasing every year . 
  tallinn was danish though ( tallinn = taani linn = danish town ) . 
  well , there is the moment where central party leader explicitly says to not vote on the internet . 
  so it obviously does bring down their e-votes . 
  ( other than the fact that their voter-base - russians and old people are inherently less likely to use the internet . 
  ahem ... 
  i do n't know if you 've noticed , but the difference between the e-votes and papervotes are miles apart . 
  central party got less than 10 % of e-votes and reform got like 45 % , the end result with paper and e-votes was 30-30 . 
  it 's known that central 's voters do n't use the e-voting , but saying you can compare the two is just wrong . 
  you ca n't , they are very different . 
  there are multiple layers of identity . 
  i am first and foremost myself , an individual . 
  after that i relate myself strongly with my country , europe and many other things quite equally . 
  i feel strong relation with current events , but less so with historic ones . 
  i.e i am happy and proud when someone wins us an olympic medal . 
  i am less proud ( or ashamed ) of events that happened a long time ago , since i do n't feel similar level of relevancy with my own life . 
  i do despise blind patriotism though . 
  the one that states that your group is inherently better or more deserving than others and the one that makes you ignore the bad things . 
  yes , but lest we have no deficit . 
  we 'd rather die of starvation that have a deficit , not even joking . 
  i said nothing about that . 
  falling ice from the rooftops kills and maims people , it 's no joke . 
  people want money and kurdistan does n't really pay the peshmerga all that much . 
  it 's a sign of bad organisation and weak discipline though , but not of `` hate of freedom '' , `` patriarchism '' or `` religious fundamentalism '' if that 's what you wanted to imply . 
  `` bought '' after 16 years of war that would still go on for next 5 years . 
  ca n't have more than two vowels if it 's not a composite word or the word `` shia '' in estonian ( \u0161iiit ) . 
  mediocre , he called you mediocre . 
  because `` a '' in land is short  probably because it 's a direct loan from germanic languages where it 's pronounced ( and also written ) short . 
  1 ) that is somewhat distorted due to there being one very narrow shipping lane going out from there . 
  world daily production is around 32 million barrels and demand at around 31 million . 
  an increase of 500 000 barrels means the overproduction rises by 50 % . 
  edit : the price is very elastic at that point , meaning a change in production by 1 % will likely result in a much greater change in price . 
  that 's probably not the case really . 
  seeds can travel with winds and also with humans . 
  wit = white . 
  bela/o = white ( in russian ) . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/environment/2015/mar/05/oak-on-estonia-football-pitch-crowned-european-tree-of-the-year most farms used to have a central oak in front of their house back in 19th and 20th century . 
  cynicism is the same as naivety , only that instead of wrongly seeing everything as good and pretty you see everything wrongly as bad and evil . 
  both are equally distorted views of the reality . 
  there are no new power plants built in europe.without subsidies . 
  whether it 's good or bad that governments tax people to build new plants is debatable , but let 's not kid ourselves that wind power is something extraordinarily expensive . 
  estonian government just spent 640 million euro oilshale power plant ( our most efficient one yet ) and already had to write it down to 320 million since the market just does n't offer a decent price for electricity .
