  however a lot of people do , or at least imply that , yes . 
  especially about giving free money to greeks . 
  so the comment was very much relevant . 
  the thing is , it 's probably pretty bad class for a bavarian to call berliners lazy people who are poor just because they do n't want to work as much as we do . 
  even the fairly fractured germany has a strong feeling of solidarity and empathy with eachother . 
  but not with the greeks ( or any other `` foreigner '' for that matter ) . 
  it 's much easier to villify them and just ignore them for our own short term benefit . 
  does the mayor of vilnius have a say in this in lithuania ? 
  this is really a turning point in our history . 
  either we understand that further unity is currently impossible and we let nation retain their soverignty , or we try to unify this pile of shit until everything blows up and there 'll be nothing left . 
  the only logical alternative to slavery for you is cupcakes and eternal happiness ? 
  if they 'd vote `` yes '' that is . 
  woah , you have managed to go full retarded in an already full retarded thread . 
  who 's the good boy ? 
  romania 's the good boy !, 
  now go have a treat . 
  yeah , let 's keep humiliating each other until we kill each other . 
  good job going with the solidarity shit and all . 
  about the dark tones ... 
  i share them with you , but i 'm afraid that being so negative about our future is something of a trigger for it to happen . 
  a self-fullfilling prophecy or so . 
  the thing is , i do n't see how this particular case is even a little bit free market-y . 
  seriously , in a free market greece would 've gone bankrupt and the creditors would 've cover they losses , giving a new chance for greece to develop . 
  these too-big-to-fail methods are not free market at all . 
  this is a blasphemy !, 
  i 'm not a communist , in fact i 'm very much to the economic right . 
  and i 've been in the `` no '' camp since 2009 . 
  all those creditors that gave greece these loans and that got paied good money for the risk of default , got bailed out by the european tax payers . 
  what the fuck !? 
  this is all so infuriatingly stupid . 
  not that estonia had it much better , but i think around 60k people emigrated from lithuania in 2009 or 2010 during the crisis . 
  so that 's not that bad really . 
  reminds me of 2009 . . ? 
  when estonia had to cut the budget by something around 20 % and we went asking for money with a friend on the streets on tallinn . 
  we got like 30 euros ( 500 kroons back then ) and took it to the parliament . 
  but it turned out the parliament had already gone to summer vacation so we just drank the money away . 
  not prime wood , more like bushes and stuff , mixed with coal and oil-shale . 
  the reason being they get payed for renewable energy subsidies . 
  yes ... :d, 
  well depends , i know estonia just burns wood . 
  without having read the article , this is not possible and has to be somekind of data-picking , right out lie . 
  apparently i was wrong and this really is the case . 
  something something so good it does n't feel right , but actually is . 
  though a considerable amount of the renewable is biomass . 
  the economist has a very good and recognisable graph design . 
  i can always tell if the graph is from the economist . 
  basically if you have nothing and suddenly lose a job , yu still have nothing and you also earn nothing . 
  when you take a shitton of loans and then lose your job then not only do n't you hae nothing , but you have all the debt demanded from you . 
  you have less then nothing , you have negative net value . 
  that 's basically the difference . 
  the greeks ca n't just live off from whatever they earn , as everything they earn and more are payed to creditors . 
  ireland is still way below its 1840 population . 
  so ... a 35 % drop in gdp , 25 % unemployment ( 65 % for youth ) in your book means `` your punishment will be debt relief , economic stimulus funding and if you do n't even have an economy we will build you one '' in what world are you even living ? 
  the hard fact is that greece is and will forever remain incapable of paying back the whole debt . 
  it is also a fact that further austerity means greece 's economy will drop further and will be able to pay back even less debt . 
  it is also a fact that all those banks , funds , individuals investing into greek bonds got payed risk premium for the risk that the debt goes under . 
  they got the money for taking the risk and are now unwilling to actually face the realisation of that risk . 
  triggered, 
  who helped greece fake their numbers ? 
  there are way more than one reckless side in this story . 
  but all that really does n't even matter , as it is n't a moral story to punish the wrong-doers per se . 
  demanding impossible demands from greece leads to a ) increased poverty b ) further crisis in europe c ) rise of radicals ( nazis ) in all over europe . 
  so we better get our head out from the fucked up blaming of lazy and stupid greeks and actually start solving the problem . 
  that 's not true , we do n't bail out greece , we bail out banks that gave loans to greece . 
  a greece commoner gets exactly none of that bail money . 
  ehh . . that 's an exaggeration of epic scales . 
  80 % of the remaining soviet architecture is krutchev + era apartment blocks that are just shitty in every conceivable way . 
  i do personally like stalinist architecture , but there 's a reasons there 's not much of it : it was way more expensive than building a simple concrete monstrosity . 
  and brutalist style is n't that common really and is also fucking ugly imho . 
  iceland is right between the eurasian and north american plate . 
  so they are at least partly in europe by that definition . 
  and obama just walks there . 
  wow , so mature . 
  in estonia ( not nordic of course ) this is due to fentanyl http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%ce%91-methylfentanyl basically an fsb invention that as a drug is only used in estonia and russia to a degree . 
  kills around 200 estonians every year . 
  fun stuff . 
  what things ? 
  winny puhh is a weird estonian metal ( ish ) band . 
  russians burnt moscow themselves . 
  even the countries with competent government and thoughtful reforms took nearly a decade to get back to 1989 levels of gdp . 
  but the reasons are many-fold . 
  the gdp in communist times was useless to a large degree with a lot of industrial and military production that was simply not needed . 
  then the produce of every consumer good was sub-par compared to western levels and therefore could n't compete with foreign imports . 
  then there is the desintegration of markets . 
  before the collapse , raw materials were transported across the soviet union and warssaw pact countries to factories for free . 
  the trade was based on quotas and rations and not money . 
  meaning that after the borders were set up and a monetary system established the factories were simply unable to get the materials needed for production ( imagine a fabric factory in the baltic states suddenly needing to pay hard money for a usbekistani company and transport the cotton through 5 independent and incompetent nations ) . 
  about that ... 
  i think we have to have a talk . 
  no it 's not . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's been long settled that latvians have 5 toes on each foot . 
  3 in front and 2 at the back . 
  the problem here arises from that we intuitively consider illegal as criminal . 
  while in this case illegal simply means `` can not exist '' . 
  there just is no gay marriage , it 's not criminal to have one , you just ca n't have one . 
  turn it back into an economic union . 
  cut the courts , cut the parliament etc. 
  national sovereignty should remain as long as people are actually willing to join , not force them into it . 
  making the following reactionary movement too strong to handle . 
  how can the czech border be so visible , it seems incorrect .
