  in the 1980s it was even a thing of fashion ( so foreign and western ) , then there was the 90s of drug addiction . 
  now there 's just such a large number of infected people that even with more normalized situation the rate is still very high . 
  in estonia , nazis were considered liberators from communists in 1941 and the mentality is still lasting . 
  of course germans were occupants as well , but they treated the population better generally ( excpet for the jews of course ) . 
  had the germans came first , i doubt the mentality had been the same . 
  historically estonians have had a much stronger grudge towards germans than russians ( baltic crusades and slavery etc ), 
  how dare you suggest minimum wage causes unemployment, 
  yeap , in the capital and in one county ( ida-virumaa ) there 's a considerably higher concentration of russian speaking people than the rest of the country . 
  in german it 's strand i believe . 
  however , i 'm pretty sure that `` rand '' is a native word in estonian ( and finno-ugrian ) , because it 's the same in many finno-ugric words ( for livonians the word `` rand '' is very important ) . 
  it could be possible theoretically , sure . 
  but in reality it 's either one or the other . 
  we are using the gas from oil shale quite frecuently already ( mostly for heating in central heeting blocks ) , but considering recent developments , it 's highly likely that more and more of that gas is to be used for electricity generation as a side product of oil production ( during the process of pressing out the oil from oil shale , also comes gas ) . 
  but i have n't heard of any plans of using the gas in peoples homes though , as it stinks really bad ( unlike methane which has no smell ) . 
  went to montenegro , wanted to see the black mountain , saw no black mountain , was disappointed . 
  but nice mountaisn , really !, 
  edit : and they are really good at all ballgames : handball , waterball , football etc. 
  well , capitalism and social stigma and stagnation are not synonumes , maybe you can find some right wing party that is not batshit crazy . 
  did n't cyrpus have a communist government party just recently ? 
  what you 're saying is that we do n't report the cases of rabies in eu ? 
  or maybe the extensive eradication of rabies through vaccinization has actually worked . 
  an old one , but soviet union sends a delegation to czech republic and they are soon introduced to the czech naval ministry . 
  they then ask surprised that why do you need a ministry for navy if you do n't even have any sea border ? 
  the czechs respond : `` well , you have a ministry of culture . '', 
  there are laws in spain that determine the legal way it sees partition possible . 
  but there are also international `` rules '' and conventions that determine whether a partition is legal or not , it depends whether other countries recognise the state or not and whether the newly independent nation can govern itself . 
  it actually is . 
  grapes are even called `` viinamari '' which means `` vodka berries '' :d, 
  the country is chicken shaped ... 
  i for some reason , have always thought that they look like a bear . 
  nobody recognised them until 1920 , at least that 's the case with estonia , where russia was the first country to recognise estonia in the tartu peace treaty . 
  i 'm sorry for replying to such an old comment , but i just had to . 
  birthright citizenship or jus soli , which you say every civilized country offers , is in fact very rare in the old world ( while very common on the new world ) . 
  a wikipedia link to support it http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jus_soli, 
  it 's an incredibly old country , going back to roman age and possibly beyond . 
  was a buffer between roman empire/byzantium and persia/muslim empires . 
  they are the oldest christian country in the world ( or possibly second oldest ? ) . 
  lately , they have had some bad times with turkey , warring and being genocided . 
  they were part of the ussr later on , had a devastating earthquake in the 80 's / 90 's that left a huge damage . 
  they are good friends with russia and hold their military bases . 
  they are also in constant fear of war with azerbaidjan , there 's the karabakh mountains inside azerbaidjan that are controlled by armenians . 
  economically they are probably the worst off of the caucausus countries . 
  also , they have a huge diaspora around the world and system of a down members have armenian heritage . 
  it 's quite worthless as an informative map indeed . 
  nowadays , with apps and programms , people feel like it 's so easy to make a nice looking map that they definitely have to do one . 
  however , often the result leaves much to desire , like in this case . 
  well , you 're wrong . 
  1.3 m population , 27 % russians and the percentage is falling . 
  seriously , why should it make a long trip through tartu ? 
  it would cost 30-50 % for estonia , it would take a longer travel time and only include 50 000 extra citizens . 
  heh , we in estonia have `` kolm on kohtuseadus '' or `` third is the law of court '' and it means the same . 
  wow , our histories are so similar . 
  not that it 's a surprise , but the things you 've mentioned are basically exactly the same for estonia . 
  fighting the crusaders for decades , winning our independence from russia and germans and helping latvia gain independnce , the singing revolution and the baltic way and the fast economic and democratic progress in 90 's and 00 's, 
  i am on a laptop , i imagine that a good mouse would help a lot . 
  i agree , i just have a feeling that besides the physical computer ( which is more of high-tech technology , engineering and physics than it ) , the it sector does n't have anything of real value within . 
  i mean , i basically live in the internet , but i rarely spend a dime . 
  it 's just all free . 
  where is the monetary potential in it ? 
  i 'm very sceptical about the it sector , it has boomed and collapsed before . 
  besides , living here in estonia , i do n't see that much being invested into it . 
  the vast majority of the budget still goes to wellfare , healthcare , education and defence . 
  it investments within these sectors are small scale . 
  i do n't know where you 're coming from , but i 've seen free-market and capitalism being blamed for everything bad possible . 
  while ofcourse socialism = scandinavia = success . 
  it is of course mostly on reddit . 
  much ( very much ) of the shadow economy in estonia comes from minorities , mostly russians . 
  they do n't feel like they own the country anything , they are more used to economic practices in ex-ussr , where corruption was mind-blowing and are also often in the lower wealth brackets that are more prone to not paying taxes . 
  a huge part of the shadow economy is also due to smuggling . 
  cheap russian alcohol and tobacco that probably cover a third of estonian market . 
  disclaimer : i support evaiding taxes, 
  it can be the sole reason , given that 10 years ago , finland 's economy was nokia ( i 'm exaggerating , but nokia is and was immensly important ) . 
  they banned one thing , so we must ban the other thing . 
  what 's the logic in that ? 
  is banning symbols what you want ? 
  well , if so then this is another case , but what you just said makes no sense . 
  what if we just stop banning symbols , including nazi symbols , would n't that be a little bit more free and sensible ? 
  you mean censorship ? 
  i think some big country tried this a few decades ago . 
  get over it , seriously . 
  besides , banning anything is quite a stupid thing . 
  i also see swastika more often than soviet symbols . 
  it 's quite rebel to draw swastikas if you ask me . 
  what do you mean `` by design '' ? 
  also , i do n't actually see why a company should n't be allowed to store its information about us is it wants to , in many instances it is used to improve the product . 
  what is needed , however , is to make it clear for the consumer what he/she is agreeing to . 
  instead of these 200 page long terms of service agreements that no-one will ever be able to actually read and understand . 
  and secondly , we need to provide services that do not intrude our privacy , this , however , can only be made by ourselves . 
  the problem is not the american imperialism against us , it 's about imperialism in general . 
  eu , if centralised , would be nothing different in it 's essence . 
  can it stand against the us ? 
  probably it would . 
  is it any better ? 
  i 'm no democrat , do n't get be wrong , but i do prefer smaller groups to bigger , since it gives more of a voting power to individuals ( more freedom if you wish ) . 
  but even if we go for a representative democracy , the will of the people still needs to be adressed and if the people do n't care about their privacy , the politicans will care even less . 
   next . 
  many people say `` i do n't have anything to hide '' , watch cheap reality tv and care more about electricity bills than their privacy or security . 
  they do n't simply `` get '' these problems . 
  companies lack incentive to do much alone due extra costs and such - no https , plain-text passwords , lax t&c that allow to sell customer data etc. 
  minimum standards can do much there for companies that store private data .
