  well , by almost all countries in the world , south-ossetia was and still is part of georgia . 
  georgia `` invaded '' a break-away part of its own country and russia invaded georgia in response . 
  that was the one . 
  you have some funny named pelmeni . 
  used to be hansapank ( sheds a tear ) . 
  slowfuckia and sloweiner hehe, 
  when i think of trams i think of san francisco , which is incredibly steep . 
  oh i wholeheartedly agree . 
  i was literally wanting to puke the first time i saw one of these ( might have been the hangover ) . 
  it 's not that bad if you get used to them , but i really wish they 'd change that . 
  how does it punish them ? 
  by taking away their money . 
  that was easy . 
  do n't listen to those rich-hating europeans . 
  i 'm not even joking . 
  flat tax rate is a perfectly reasonable thing to have . 
  in fact income tax is the only tax i 've ever heard of a progressive rate . 
  it 's very rare . 
  you do n't have social taxes being different for people with different incomes . 
  and saying rich need to pay more , they still do , proportionally so . 
  who are often the same bunch none the less . 
  depends on town and county . 
  tallinn has a privatized water supply and it was done so about a decade or so ago . 
  they do get some hate , but nothing too serious . 
  tallinna vesi is a stock exchange company and answers both to its investors , the stock exchange and competition agency . 
  in rural areas and in some suburbia , people get their water from personal wells or wells owned by co-operatives . 
  i do n't have any statistics at hand , but i assume most people get their water from privately owned water sources . 
  i do n't think there 's been any serious issues with water , but it 's understood as there 's an abundance of water in estonia , not a deficit . 
  i doubt / u/toreson was referring to russians living in usa , rather russians living in estonia , baltics , ukraine etc. 
  heh , and do you know how much flak our e-healthcare system got when it first came out . 
  the system was a complete mess and the entire program a laughing stock of society or how `` progressive and digital '' we are . 
  does n't matter , in soviet russia there is multiple truths as long as it benefits russian imperialist ambitions . 
  but you ca n't prove it !!!, 
  no matter how much evidence you have , as long as russia shouts loudly enough they have the right . 
  slovenia , czech republic , poland probably . 
  meh , decent for its size , but nothing special , still lagging behind western europe and some better ex-commies . 
  germany 's last long time chancellor , gerhard schr\u00f6der is putin 's personal friend , a high ranking member in gazprom and other energy-related companies . 
  merkel is definitely different from schr\u00f6der , but it 's naive to think that germany would dump good relations with russia that provides relatively cheap energy to the vast industrial center that germany is . 
  you 're correct , estonia is definitely not in a better economic situation to spend more on military . 
  i 'm not against nuclear power , i just think sending the waste to space is in my opinion a stupid idea . 
  it can be done , no doubt , and maybe one day it is actually feasible , but at the moment i 'll say it 's easier to just bury it for a long time . 
  you are absolutely correct . 
  the share of electricity in all energy consumption is typically around 30 % -40 % and the rest is indeed mostly oil and gas , used for transportation and heating . 
  do n't know if you were down voted for being nit-picky , but you 're definitely correct . 
  we send up hundreds of satellites , not toxic nuclear waste . 
  rockets do fall down and putting nuclear waste in them sounds like a terrible idea . 
  besides it 's not really that cheap yet , in fact getting things to the space , especially out of earth 's orbit is pretty much the most expensive form of transport by far . 
  well , he is a law student , not one of economics . 
  a truly fascinating country . 
  russians and estonians have a lot of common history and not always the bad type . 
  we all drink vodka and eat similar stuff , we are not spoiled by comfortable life and have fairly similar cultural environment , especially due to soviet union . 
  i would really like to visit russia and see its enormity and natural beauty . 
  at the same time i think we are different in a lot of ways and should stay out of each others business . 
  we could be good neighbors though . 
  well , you can just always imagine it 's 1992 again . 
  more of a confederation then ? 
  it 's the inazi, 
  heh , sorry it 's unrelated , but while browsing reddit and seeing your flair it reminded me my last night dream . 
  my dream was that denmark won the world cup . 
  so , i guess you have that going for you ? 
  yeah , eastern ukraine was probably the most industrialised part of ussr . 
  less people , as much capital . 
  therefore capital per laborer increases , increasing efficiency and productivity , causing a rise in gdp per capita . 
  that , assuming of course , that the entire population is employed :d, 
  heh , all of europe mad because it 's not even close to usa in terms of wealth . 
  seriously though , quite whining about the problems of gdp as an indicator . 
  the difference is two-fold , that 's not a minor difference that can be explained by your apologetics . 
  kaviar , vodka , ak-47 , tanks and fighter planes ( all other military ) , writers , ballet , wild nature , biggest fucking country on earth , not afraid of anything . 
  russia is not all that pathetic you 're making it to be . 
  maybe i do n't remember too well , but serfdom allowed you to build improvements at double speed while slavery only let you sacrifice your population to speed up buildings . 
  i never understood who the fuck would ever use slavery . 
  population is the most important thing in civ . 
  and in two years crimea is forgotten . 
  europe is still haggling cows and the economic situation demands cheap russian gas once more . 
  i seriously doubt anything the west is saying it 's going to do , is actually going to happen . 
  yeah i agree it 's probably beneficial for russia , but i think that connecting russia 's actions and ukip and lepen having a strong result in a causal way is just too much . 
  that just seems like yet another conspiracy theory . 
  yeah , that seems `` a little '' far fetched . 
  so it seems cannabis and other drugs are the idols of free people and free associations as long as it is not provided by romas . 
  then t 's a criminal activity and must be punished by the harshest methods conceivable . 
  belgium is a pretty much a broke ass non-country . 
  luxembourg and belgium are definite surprises here . 
  what 's the reason they are net spenders , does anyone know ? 
  eh , russians have never believed they lived in a utopia or that it was n't better elsewhere . 
  people in eastern europe are used to being poor and having to live on their own . 
  almost everyone has a summerhouse or dacha where they can grow their food , houses are heated with wood . 
  as it 's said : forest is the poor man 's coat . 
  people in russia are willing to take an economic loss if it means they can invade other countries and be glorious and powerful . 
  while people in the west care more about personal welfare and are not willing to make sacrifices . 
  it is perfectly shown with the recent embargoes that europeans wo n't make sanctions that hurt themselves . 
  while russians pretty much do n't give a damn . 
  to be fair , the fighting capability of russian army just after the collapse of ussr was quite appalling , having serious difficulties suppressing the chechens . 
  there 's many other aspects to progress as well which i 'm not denying at all . 
  the book i referred to deals with 6 main reasons by the way . 
  competiton , science , property rights , medicine , consumerism and work ( ethics ) . 
  which again are definitely not an all-inclusive list , but gives a pretty good insight . 
  except for massive russian diaspora that always vote russia . 
  when has russia ever been able to maintain civilisation outside of large cities ? 
  never . 
  well , i 'm exaggerating , but it 's pretty fair to say that russia is not going to fall apart because they are poor and shit .
