  otherwise it 's interesting that although the coast is where there 's most wind , it 's not a significant case in iberia , mediterranean and the baltic sea ( ok , the baltics and mediterranean are inland seas , but why iberia ? 
  to be fair , neither i nor the estonian government care for the `` kidnapped '' officer . 
  have n't heard anything from him and given the absolute lack of activity from the estonian government i presume things are n't the way we are shown . 
  if it really were a kidnapping of an innocent man there would n't be a russian embassy in estonia any longer . 
  yeah , they 're the `` special '' forces . 
  nah , the only forward gear is for the instance if the treacherous enemy attacks from behind . 
  well it 's from estonia and owned by estonians , so it 's more like colonising the baltics . 
  despite the occasional anti-us circlejerk , many people still see usa the way it is , one of the etalons of western civilisation . 
  no you can create prussia multiple times if prussia does n't already exist . 
  but you need to be of german culture group . 
  i 'll give you another explanation . 
  clouds form when the moist air , mostly coming from the oceans , is forced to rise up . 
  normally this means mountains , hills or highlands . 
  the very coast itself is low enough that clouds do n't yet form and they form further inland , leaving more sunshine on the coast rather than inland . 
  pretty much the same as the old commie stuff , nothing big has changed . 
  ah , it feels good to be the second most awkward guy in the class . 
  ip rights are a crime against humanity . 
  taking an infinitely abundant resource and making it scarce by creating artificial monopoly . 
  if this was food or something else , people would revolt . 
  a strong woman from former communist bloc . 
  i do n't actually know . 
  well , there is a difference between a small strip of arctic mountainous land and a long border at the eastern european plain . 
  source for what ? 
  my teacher is a huge merkel fan and she shares her posts quite frequently . 
  i imagine merkel actually has a `` fanbase '' outside of germany . 
  why 18 ? 
  it 's just as arbitrary . 
  why not give 5 year olds the right to vote ? 
  since they don ' y give a shit about politics , none of them will ever go voting , but why forbid ? 
  buying votes is illegal anyways . 
  and since we actually had a debate whether parents should get an extra vote for their child , it makes only more sense to actually give the child the damn vote . 
  hating romas is actually racist . 
  that 's what conscription does ( not necessarily defending it ) . 
  hungary is so cool . 
  ah yes , recreation ... 
  there might be a difference between an ethnicity and a government . 
  i would 've thought swedes know their neighbours better than that . 
  oh yes . 
  lutheran traditions are definitely still strong in estonia . 
  actually i was mistaken . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion_in_estonia orthodox church has more members than the lutheran church . 
  actually the nominal lutheran church is basically of the same size as the nominal orthodox church in estonia . 
  the czechs have a history of atypical religiosity i think ( with my shallow knowledge ) . 
  you had jan hus long before reformation and it might have created an environment of distrust against church . 
  i have no sources for my feeling that no society can or wants to live in constant revolution and fighting . 
  it would n't have been a nice place to live for sure , but it very likely would n't have been like the peak of holocaust for very long . 
  before wwii began , nazis had less fatal plans for jews and slavs , that involved more repopulation , and less outright genocide . 
  pretty similar to how soviet union dealt with class enemies . 
  basically you will never meet a `` normal '' gypsy because you would n't know they are gypsies . 
  it is cultural , not genetic . 
   sooo murder is okay in once case but not the other , basically ? 
  it 's also what you seem to be supporting then . 
  the nature does not have morals , people do . 
  there is a massive difference between a women 's body autonomously ending pregnancy and the women consciously deciding for abortion . 
  comparing nazi germany , that lasted for 12 years and soviet union , which existed for 70 years is impossible . 
  soviet union with its purges , ethnic cleansing and directed famine is pretty comparable to nazi germany . 
  soviet union in the end of 1950s is a different story . 
  it is entirely possible , that had nazi germany lasted longer , it would 've somewhat normalised . 
  well , given how many russians left to israel during the soviet times , i would n't wonder that it was actually next door . 
  then again , poland is as close to the north pole as the southern tip of chile is to the south pole . 
  to be fair , sipria is a weird name and i 'd probably assume it comes from somewhere else as well . 
  the estonian +155 % is probably something like 30 people . 
  moscow and leningrad were exceptionally well fed and supplied though . 
  better than any other part of ussr . 
  ca n't speak for satellites though . 
  if you 're a jew , no it 's not . 
  people , you 're doing a horrible job . 
  from most of the pictures i have very little if any idea where you 're from . 
  everywhere, 
  working for no pay involuntarily is also known as slavery . 
  literally by the way . 
  it seems like common sense . 
  i could n't find the source , but i remember seeing a map of regions in ussr according to how important they were to supply with goods . 
  the first tier were moscow , leningrad and perhaps some other big cities . 
  i think the baltics and some other regions were in the second tier , but most of the ussr was much lower in the food-chain ( literally ) . 
  may i introduce you to variance and risk . 
  even though the average damage caused by nuclear plants is lower than that of coal power plants , it has a much greater variance . 
  meaning that if accidents happen , they can be devastating . 
  imagine if estonia built a nuclear power plant , currently the optimal place for that to be located is in pakri islands/paldiski , which is roughly 60 from tallinn . 
  a chernobyl like accident there , with bad winds might cause death , disease and the relocation of half of out entire nation . 
  that might very well be the end for our country , for our culture , not to mention economy . 
  now , i am a conservative supporter of nuclear power and consider it fairly safe in our conditions and the benefits probably far outweigh any negatives . 
  but maybe ... 
  so , those who would have to fight puny russians are super willing and those who would have to fight might germany are not ? 
  could 've been a failed attempt . 
  although it seems it has something to do with the pilots mental health . 
  i 'm just ranting . 
  land the plane , take the passenger hostage , get massive media coverage . 
  make outlandish demands , kill everyone . 
  we have three instances of terrorists flying a plane into a building ( i am totally talking out of my ass ) . 
  we have a lot more cases where terrorists simply take control of an airplane . 
  of course they wo n't secede , but that was n't my point . 
  my point is you 'd be pretty pissed if they wanted to leave . 
  territorial integrity suddenly becomes a whole lot more important than right for self-determination when the stuff is happening in your country . 
  let 's see what you 'd say if tyrol decided to join with austria and veneto declares independence . 
  what 's with the ethnic crap , eh ? 
  top gear never belonged in bbc . 
  a national broadcasting agency should n't be doing such a show , it just needs a more free and non-restricting environment . 
  what 's the time period ? 
  the thing is they emigrated back in the 1990s , those leaving now is minuscule compared to those who live/work in finland .
