  you get 144 euros a month/1728 euros a year of tax free income , but anything above that is indeed 20 % for everyone . 
  oh erepublik , have n't heard of it for a long long time . 
  it was a fun game . 
  considering istanbul is metropolitan city of nearly 10 million inhabitants that is literally split in half and connected only by two bridges , i 'd say losing some trees is a smaller problem than the massive congestion that the limited access causes . 
  you remember the chechen war ? 
  apparently nazi female ski-shooters from the baltics were fighting for the chechens back then ( according to the russian media ) . 
  constantly blaming us for being nazis and oppressing our russian minorities . 
  having neo-nazi parades ( that were actually war memorial for wwii veterans ) etc. 
  that has been literally a constant topic for russia . 
  russia is an abusive ex who ca n't handle that he 's no longer wanted and tries to convince us that we had a much better life with him . 
  i do n't think so . 
  it probably was back in year 1995 or so . 
  but given he 's been spending the last 20 years in estonia and in estonian politics , i think his estonian is very good by now . 
  for its symbolic value . 
  we can kill you here , in the public , 100 meters from kremlin and noone can touch us still . 
  i wish you 'd just said `` ends in ussia '' so it could 've been prussia as well . 
  not only russia . 
  my young , liberal , estonian friends also believe that a ) putin was definitely not behind it b ) someone anti-putin was behind it . 
  yeah , but ownership is not just about the fruits , it 's also about responsibility and risk . 
  what your suggesting is that every worker should also take much more risk , what if he does n't want to ? 
  neither is yours . 
  why should the workers always be collective owners ? 
  do they all want to be entrepreneurs in a socialist society ? 
  every worker takes financial risks running the company ? 
  whom would it possibly help ? 
  if capitalists had machines that could do all work , workers wo n't be needed and all wealth is created by the capitalist . 
  no-one else is taking their fruits . 
  however they could n't have created everything with just their labour , they also need the capital . 
  therefore the provider of the capital also has a right to parts of the `` fruits '' . 
  thanks for being honest . 
  by our definition of human rights choosing to wear a face veil is not an infringement of human rights . 
  forcefully mutilating other people 's genitals is an infringement and we therefore ban such acts . 
  i do , by the way , think that forcing someone to wear a veil is an infrigement that should be banned . 
  banning running around naked absolutely is an infringement of a persons freedom . 
  however there are cases where freedoms can be limited . 
  these infringements must be justified and very well justified . 
  i do n't think the reasons given to justify the banning of full veils is not justified to the extent that is required to limit people 's freedom . 
  i have in fact not heard of a single female suicide bomber in europe although i ca n't say there has n't been any . 
  but this is besides the point . 
  what you must show is that wearing the veil increases the chance they start blowing themselves up not that people who wear veils will blow themselves up . 
  what if after the ban of full veils people with not full veils start blowing themselves up ? 
  or do you really think the veil is the thing making them go full-terrorist ? 
  most countries have laws that say you must be identifiable to law enforcement agents . 
  which means if the agent has a right to demand your identification , you must provide it - i.e show your face and documents . 
  this is perfectly normal . 
  there is however no need for everyone to be able to identify everyone at every time . 
  people are allowed privacy you know , even if they are located in a public place if there 's not a clear need for identification . 
  for the fear to be rational we must show that wearing full veil causally increases crime or terrorism . 
  trying to be a liberator of women by forcing them to abandon their traditions sounds very very soviet by the way . 
  `` we will drag you to the modernity ... by your fucking hair '', 
  should not or must not ? 
  how is that double standards ? 
  we have our standards and they ha e their standards . 
  these standards are different , but they 're not double standards as two different groups individually have coherent standards . 
  or the people should get over their irrational fear that is entirely caused by predjudice and fear-mongering . 
  now , i actually agree that if people demand the ban and they have a reasonable majority , they have a right to ban it , i 'm just saying it 's not the right thing to do . 
  because we 're a free society where people can wear what they want and iran is a theocratic dictatorship where people ca n't wear what they want ... 
   it pose security threat does it though ? 
  is there causal relationship between the number of people wearing full veil and crime ? 
  holy shit that ussr . 
   i do n't believe it . 
  do n't believe what ? 
  holy shit man . 
  that 's why there are representatives of the public to lead the negotiations . 
  that 's why governments exist in the first place , to lead . 
  and you ca n't have an idea how difficult of a process negotiating a trade deal of this magnitude really is , otherwise you would n't be saying so naive things . 
  what you 're advocating for is complete inefficiency and the eventual collapse of civilisation . 
  nothing would ever get done . 
  yeah i must agree , some aid definitely has been beneficial , while some has n't and we should look carefully for what works and go with that . 
  it 's just awfully often do we stumble upon unintended consequences . 
  the most effective aid is probably education , health and infrastructure . 
  giving a `` fish '' may be necessary at times , but must be very very limited . 
  unfortunately it is a problem . 
  it would n't be a problem for an advanced and rich nation that has good access to world markets and is capable of quickly switching what they produce . 
  in a nation where 90 % of the people earn living through agriculture , if you dump their market , they 're not going to go into another well paying industry , there simply is n't any . 
  yes , it might work in a few decades , but not within the time frames , we 're talking about here . 
  and if they do become dependant on food imports , they also become dependant on the world market prices and they need money to import these goods . 
  these poor economies often lack the capability to import food , hence why they have the famine in the first place . 
   but what if farmers were exporting food ? 
  they can still export food -- it 's not as if receiving food prevents export , as long as that export is profitable exporting food is n't easy , food expires and is strictly regulated ( in eu and usa ) . 
  besides eu and usa are massively subsidising their agriculture that imakes their products uncompetitive . 
  but the lack of infrastucture still stands , where are you going to export your crops when you have to travel 500 miles of shady mud-road to get to the nearest airport ? 
  in estonia it is very clear that russians marry before estonians do , and i 'd bet they have children before as well . 
   it 's still dumping food onto the market and decreasing market rate . 
  that is also a problem . 
  and a serious problem when it comes to long term food aid . 
  namely it makes it less profitable for local producers to produce food , meaning you basically dump them out from the market . 
  making the nation even more dependant of foreign aid . 
  this problem is very clear in haiti for example , that basically feeds off of foreign aid and local agriculture is simply unable to retake the market . 
  to be fair , the `` help '' the west sent to africa probably did more harm than good to these countries . 
  that 'd be an interesting statistic to see where are the new weapons , supplies and ammunition bought from . 
  i would n't be so sure that the u.s. is up there . 
  that fazer blue colour is also super nice . 
  we do n't have the copter-line anymore . 
  the financial crisis and the accident bankrupted the company . 
  i seriously do n't know where this is coming from . 
  must be taking different ships or something . 
  azerbaijan is most europe , european games , european gp , europe strong in azerbaijan . 
  soviets had a reasonable amount of success . 
  most of the east was illiterate and agrarian before ww2 .
