  does it mean they are all criminals that should be sent back to ussr to face repression ? 
  fuck no . 
  no shit people resort to crime when they are excluded from society and are put to live in cramped camps . 
  do you honestly think they want to be criminals and not have an honest work ? 
  this is like saying poor people are more criminal , well yes but no . 
  people with no good alternatives become criminals . 
  it 's the effect of collapse of entire society after the collapse of ussr . 
  the population of russia , ukraine , moldova have dropped just as much without ever being in the eu . 
  yes , a lot of estonians have emigrated , but most of them temporarily . 
  the open borders als mean that our unemployed do n't stay here and make our situation worse , but instead go to work in finland , uk , ireland to both make a living and not become a drain of welfare . 
  painting this as a catastrophe is incredibly dishonest . 
  ca n't they be both ? 
  ca n't they want to both a ) stay alive and b ) make an earning ? 
  yes , yes they can . 
  why are croats going to germany , uk etc. 
  because there are more well paying jobs there . 
  of course immigrants are going to do that as well , but it 's far from everybody ( just like all croats do n't leave croatia ), 
  i have a feeling you have n't been paying attention to this issue at all . 
  the entire refugee-quota is built because refugees tend to stay where they first land , namely greece and italy . 
  the quota is meant to distribute these refugees more evenly . 
  what 's your point even ? 
  the eu has been the single greatest thing to have happened to estonia . 
  the economic , social and political development related to eu is immense . 
  that is - so far . 
  i understand that other countries , especially the more developed ones may have a different experience . 
  i was making an analogy , in which the blocking of movement is very much undesirable . 
  we can ( and must ) argue whether these same principles apply to immigrants , but the core idea is the same . 
  only that for our nationalistic reasons , we see the right of movement as a greater importance to our own ethnicity living in another town , then for islamic refugee coming from the other side of the world . 
  i 'm just saying if you want to travel , work , study , shop/whatever in your neighbouring town and the people there block the road and you on it , to say that you ca n't come because in your town there is ( potentially ) more crime , then this would be fucked up . 
  https://i.imgur.com/47delsp.jpg you do n't feel the suffering of these people , because they mean nothing to you . 
  they mean something to other people and for them , helping them is a desirable side . 
  it 's not the immigrants i fear , there will never be enough of them to cause deep harm . 
  i am though , horrible afraid of the racist , nationalistic and anti-intellectual masses of europe . 
  it 's 1938 once again and i truly fear what will come next . 
  well we had an occasion . . 
  there are thieves , murderers and rapist in every society . 
  if there are some people from tartu who are rapists , does that mean we should n't let anyone from tartu to tallinn ? 
  obviously not , because the consequences of denying people from movement is a much greater harm than the potential increase in crime that may happen . 
  now i 'm not saying the situations are similar , but the criteria by which we must decide are the same you have tradeoffs everywhere . 
  ehmm ... seriously ? 
  lebanon took a million immigrants in the past few years , so did turkey . 
  a tiny fraction of all the refugees in the world make it to europe . 
  yeah , roman numerals do n't work like that . 
  freak accident ... maybe . 
  but several people had previously stated how dangerous it is for the tractor to be on the track while cars were still going . 
  if he had died due to any other incident , i would call it a freak accident , this was just an unlikely , but not unbelievable and definitely preventable accident . 
  golden dawn obviously . 
  hehe , pro-european and anti-austerity do n't go together . 
  it could in isolation , but europe just would n't accept such a thing . 
  actually estonian soil ( at least the northern part ) is rising due to the lessened pressure after the ice caps of last ice age retreat . 
  occasionally up to 10mm/year . 
   do not let a single patient die without a doctor 's assistance !, 
  this one reminds me of a soviet anecdote : there 's an international medical conference in switzerland and doctors from all over the world come together , including usa and ussr . 
  the two start up a discussion . 
  american : `` you know , in usa , we sometimes treat a patient for one disease , but then it turns out they die from a totally different disease . 
  but i guess in ussr things are different ? '', 
  soviet : `` well of course is different . 
  in ussr - disease that doctor treats , the patient dies to . '', 
  like others have said : they must fit into their surroundings , have a region with high-rises , somewhat separate from the old town . 
  also the buildings should have some artsy side to them , looking at glass cuboid is not very fun . 
  this is such a powerful painting . 
  it 's not that easy . 
  statistics can never give a `` true '' answer to problems that ca n't be quantifiied in a very strict statistical sense . 
  it ca n't even tell you about causality ffs . 
  nobody deserves a haircut , it just unavoidable when you ca n't pay the debt . 
  and if your wish is for the greeks to suffer ... a ) you 're a psychopath b ) they already have and will continue to for about the next 3 decades . 
  categorical imperative , bitch . 
  if everyone ( or every politically active person ) were to try and contact policy makers , it would be a horrible mess and no-one would have any say in issues . 
  in a decently small group of people democracy is much easier to implement , better and actually democratic . 
  i have nothing against portugese , but the truth is he does n't understand the local issues , he is not politically responsible before me . 
  what the fuck do you mean has no valid points ? 
  these are all very valid points and the fact that you in romania ca n't handle your stuff and want to give deciding power away does n't mean everyone is like you . 
  i can call any of our mps and express my problems and they are actually somewhat responsible when the next elections come up . 
  however i have literally 0 % effect on a portugese mep ( for example ) . 
  there must be a balance between delegating power to a central power and a form of individual expression , dismissing this as a non-valid point is incredibly foolish . 
  doing things quick and doing things without thinking things through and control are not the same thing . 
  you can privatize things too slowly and yet do it very badly . 
  they rejected greece 's proposal because a ) the offered cuts in military spending were less than the alternative cuts in pensions previously proposed . 
  b ) tsipras knew it was impossible to implement because the other coalition party ( that holds the defence ministry ) is held by far rights that have continously denied cutting the military budget . 
  for some reason i know you mean the alexiad , but i do n't know what that is ... 
  oh my , it 's good to know the excact same crap has been happening in germany as here in estonia . 
  luckily our money-in-a-plastic-bag politicians are mostly only mps . 
  wtf ?!, 
  so bailing out the banks that gave shitty loans to an overspending government is something from an austrian school ? 
  the austrian solution would 've been letting the banks fail in 2009 . 
  you seem to be underestimating the horrible effects that corruption has on the country 's economy . 
  i 'm not a conservative , but i often happen to support more conservative solutions , as i understand the reactionary threat of a revolutionary solution . 
  basically forcing something to happen will always cause deep rooted dissent for the ideals you represent . 
  and in a moment of weakness these dissidents will pop up ( like the radical left and right wing parties have recently in europe ) . 
  even ... ? 
  it 's like saying in balkan even countries are balkanized . 
  it 's what it means . 
  i mean our coalition party leader , who also holds the minsitry of internal affairs just said that estonia wants only christian refugees . 
  the driving force behind anti-gay movement and new nationalism arises from christianity ( all the leaders of these movements : vooglaid , helme jr/sr are all religious ) . 
  i 'd say we are very much in the christian culture stuff . 
  he spent 5 hours bouncing off attacks yesterday . 
  what the hell should 've he done then , shut up and go home ? 
  to be fair , why the hell are these two capital cities ( of countries with highly intertwined histories ) so similar ? 
  i know budapest is the merger of buda and pest , but still ... ? 
  no , i do n't think that .
