  estonia also has a voluntary defence league with 11 000 men and 20 000 affiliates , which does possess weapons and holds regular trainings , therefore ( at least theoretically ) capable of quickly mobilising . 
  in case of war , we 'd quickly put out around 40k-50k troops . 
  not that it really matters though . 
  that 's fascinating . 
  even with such low number of union members ( less than estonia wtf ) they can cause such a havoc . 
  and what the hell is my flag supposed to be ? 
  south-ossetia ? 
  yeah , france clearly has too few people in unions . 
  it 's actually not . 
  the lights from powerful , but small light sources is magnified and the light from large cities and population hubs is weakened , because otherwise the large cities would simply be too much brighter than anything else as to make the map unreadable . 
  cost of living , restrictions on immigration , language barriers , too expensive to travel/take the risk , home sweet home , friends and relatives , not being welcomed , too cold , other alternatives to immigrate to . 
  so if a statistic does n't say you if is it good or bad , it 's meaningless ? 
  you interpret the data and this data clearly is n't less meaningful than the data of productivity . 
  this map shows what it shows and nothing else . 
  good/bad has nothing to do with it ( a simple quantitative data like this should n't and could n't give such evaluations ) . 
  eh , any action , especially in fossil energetics , will create entropy by creating heat energy out of higher forms of energy , thus making it impossible to recycle . 
  i think it 's settled that about 5-10 % of the words in estonian are from finno-ugric background . 
  all the rest are words taken slowly into our language . 
  so i do n't think that having new loan-words necessarily means losing a language . 
  however , what is different nowadays , is the amount of new words coming . 
  this also triggers fast changes in not just words themselves , but grammatical structures . 
  i can easily identify several grammatical structures used by the young people , that are not used by older people . 
  i.e it is common to leave out certain words from sentences . 
  ( instead of saying : i go to work , i 'd just say : ( to ) work ) . 
  or simply abandoning ( to be/have ) which is used in estonian in a different way to english , but due to english influence is now changing estonian language . 
  i really do n't know what is going to happen in the future . 
  surely languages change and so does estonian and it 's certain to say that one day there wo n't be any estonian being spoken , but when ? 
  or is it bad ? 
  eh , not really . 
  considering that most of the people being deported were previously accused by other estonians , in hopes of personal revenge , greed etc. 
  it really was very ugly and the russians are not the only ones to blame . 
  does portugal also produce its oil , gas and all the products going into powering poet plants ? 
  electricity usually covers around 30-40 % of a nations entree energy consumption , around 50 % is oil and oil-products for cars and other engines , the rest is usually for heating , which i do n't know how much portugal needs . 
  paying social taxes as a part of salaries is a cost for the company as i said before and it very much does affect owners as well . 
  yes , they do n't pay social taxes on dividends , that 's true . 
  well , social tax definitely effects both of them . 
  i agree that workforce taxes are too high . 
  i think that taxes are too high altogether . 
  as you said ( i 'm paraphrasing ) , taxing is in its essence the extraction of people 's labour and accumulated labour ( capital ) and therefore is basically a form of slavery . 
  not all value is created by labour , but also by capital . 
  taxing effects both of them . 
  they have to pay workers more , since wage costs are higher . 
  it would be outrageous to assume that workers do n't demand more wages to cover the lost net-income due to higher social taxes . 
  if social taxes were lower , the company could lower gross-salaries and keep net-salaries stable , therefore saving more money and generating more income to the owners . 
  too soon ? 
  oh yeah , like social tax does n't affect the rich at all . 
  there were some fears among the people . 
  that government change should n't take place at such a dangerous time , even those who wanted ansip gone 3 months ago , would urge him to stay . 
  the risk is definitely there , though . 
  and the workforce is over-taxed . 
   all in a period of 2 weeks . 
  not months , not years , weeks . 
  all of this , with no prior popular call for independence from the crimeans . 
  kosovo became independent in 2008 after nearly a decade of oversight with widespread international input on their constitution and ... 
  so you 're saying that you have to have decades worth of fighting and conflicts before one can declare independence ? 
  besides that 's just not true , russians in both russia and crimea have expressed such intentions before , but due to lack of opportunity , people have n't been trying to get the most out of the situation . 
  i like bringing examples from my own country , so i 'll bring one again . 
  in 1917 , the majority of estonians were n't publicly vying for independence . 
  everyone talked about autonomy within russia , estonian-led government etc. 
  then , when suddenly with the russian revolutions and capitulation to germany , a window opened which could 've been used for declaring independence . 
  you could say the founding fathers had more than 4 % of support , but even still , prior to escalation of chaos of conflict , most of the people would not have voted for independence . 
  it all changed when given the chance . 
  i really do n't see how the length of a conflict is a defining factor for its legitimacy . 
  disclaimer : i do n't support crimean independence nor do i think it 's legitimate . 
  i just do n't think the time factor is relevant . 
  though true it is , one should not overlook the fact , that many estonians joined the german army voluntarily ( though there definitely were volunteers in the red army as well ) . 
  it 's actually in low-german , not estonian . 
  although the estonian translation is very similar `` kiika k\u00f6\u00f6ki '' . 
  there was the campaign started by hrutchev in 60s after his visit to usa , where he was thoroughly impressed by the cornfields and all the corn products , that he insisted of enlarging the production of corn in ussr . 
  he made it mandatory to grow corn pretty much everywhere , including estonia , but as it turned out , the summers were n't warm and long enough for the corn to develop , so the project failed miserably ( at least in estonia ) . 
  at least this is the theory i heard from my parents/grandparents . 
  do n't know if it has anything to do with this map though . 
  ca n't speak for the balts , but there 's about 25 000 estonians all around russia , with some few concentrations in a few villages . 
  they mostly speak russian today ( at least the young people who have stayed ) . 
  there used to be a lot more , especially during the tzarist russia , when 40 000 estonians marched on the streets of st. petersburg in 1917 to demand autonomy for estonia . 
  nowadays , many have returned to estonia or just simply integrated into the russian society too much to consider themselves estonian . 
  the most recent news about russian estonians where of those in sochi , because there are/or used to be multiple estonian villages there that were threatened to be bulldozed by the olympics , but from what i 've heard , the houses were n't brought down ( although the neighbourhoods where built full with new buildings ) . 
  i think there are a few estonian schools in russia , that teach estonian ( though the main studying happens in russian ) , russia does n't really have to worry about suppressing the minority , because it 's already so small , fragmented and weak in demeaning its rights , that it 's of no threat . 
  seriously , without ida-virumaa , estonian industry would collapse . 
  pretty much the only competitive estonian-owned industry in estonia is the oil-shale industry that generates not only hundreds of millions of euros of revenues a year , but also allows other estonian companies to use relatively cheap electricity . 
  yesyes , the fascist estonians . 
  you do realise that 50 000 estonians fought in the german army not because their immense love for aryan race , but because they fucking hated su for annexing their country , stealing their property and deporting/imprisoning 2 % of the population before the wwii even started ? 
  the estonian legion ( not ss ) marches in estonia ( or more like a day to morn dead companions ) is not about nazism and it 's not even a fucking issue for anyone else but russian state media . 
  and besides , would you really propose that those who fought in the german army should not be allowed to memorate their and their friends suffering and should just hide because nazis !!!, 
  i mean , sure there 's a lot of stupid nationalism ( or call it patriotism ) in estonia that i personally dislike , but what the russian media is ( trying to ) portraying is simply a lie and propaganda to create more hate and distance between russians and estonians living in estonia ( i as an estonian who is really interested in geopolitics and relationship between russian and estonian speaking citizens in estonia , have no idea where or when those ss marches happen nor do i know anyone who participates in them , even though i was schooled in a patriotic school , by patriotic parents . 
  this just is n't real ), 
  i actually somewhat agree . 
  i just do n't think that it is equal to being outlawed , there 's difference not only in semantics , but also reality . 
  outlawed means that you are not allowed to speak the language . 
  which is clearly not the case . 
  no-one is going to punish anyone for speaking russian in ukraine and if you really think that 's the case then you 're simply wrong . 
  at first thought i would say it 's a necessary evil and other shit like that . 
  but then i think that i will probably try to find ways to not go to the military or at least i really do n't want to go there to waste 8-11 months of my life to just be a slave of the government . 
  so it would be terribly hypocritical of me to support mandatory conscription . 
  i think that if we ca n't maintain a voluntary army ( i.e people willing to fight for their country ) we should n't really make it mandatory , since people probably do n't give enough fuck about it . 
  so speaking swahili in british government offices is outlawed ? 
  it 's not outlawed , but simply swahili-speaking people are not guaranteed to be answered when they want to speak in swahili . 
  there actually is n't . 
  it about 50/50 among estonian/non-estonians and about 35 % are russians . 
  though it 's still quite fucking bad , especially in certain parts of the town .
