  kazakhstan needs russia to export their fuels , russia is happily doing business with kazakhstan because it makes them dependent on russia . 
  doubt putin has any motives to have greater control over them . 
  think about chechnia and kadyrov . 
  putin has enough power over him and the republic , but still let 's him have his own little country within . 
  besides , russia seems to have little to win with actual military intervention in central asia ( though russia would absolutely dominate and the west could n't care less if russia decided to do something ) . 
  might be true . 
  however , looking at estonia or probably any other ex-soviet country , the industries were n't just shut down , they simply could n't keep going . 
  since the production relied on free or super cheap raw materials coming from all around ussr , when the borders closed and the old distribution network collapsed , it simply became impossible to keep the factories running . 
  some factories managed to gather enough capital to buy materials at market price and found some markets to sell their stuff , but you have to remember that the markets also shrank considerably , since nobody wanted the shit being produced . 
  in ussr , you , as a manager of a company did n't need to worry about selling your product , since everything was deficit . 
  but with the market opening to the west , but closing to the east , the products were simply unable to just compete . 
  you had to sell your stuff . 
  therefore companies and their managers had to change their entire way of working , when the ussr collapsed . 
  many companies failed to do that ( i 'd say that for a reason ) and closed down . 
  i 'm positively surprised about belarus and armenia . 
  i mean , belarus has had the same growth as other baltic states . 
  and armenia . . well they are still relatively poor , but 600 + % is quite remarkable . 
  would n't have thought that armenia has had faster growth than azerbaijan . 
  just saying that everyone in soad is american-armenian , not just serj . 
  half french ? 
  estonia can stand 2 weeks . 
  the question is how quickly nato reacts . 
  not just militarily , but primarily politically . 
  i believe though that in such an immediate case , the democratic processes of declaring war can and will be shortened . 
  i hope, 
  why ca n't the servers be in estonia , while the embassies stay in foreign territory ? 
  ah , the good old soviet/russian technic of calling everyone fascists . 
  the problem is that eesti energia or enefit in latvia had a large marketshare ( 15-20 % ) , but since latvia does have a power market , enefit is forced to buy power from latvian market to resell it to its customers . 
  however , since latvian power market does de facto not work , since around 95 % of all power deals in latvia are done directly between the producer and the customer , the market prices do n't reflect reality and can be many times more expensive than the actual price that companies sell outside of the market . 
  therefore eesti energia lost 10m euros last year and decided to leave latvian market . 
  since latvia is fucking with their market , trade between estonia-latvia has died off . 
  and even if it did work , the transmission capacities along estonia-latvia , latvia-lithuania , lithuania-poland are too small to actually feasibly export power all the way to germany , although some arbitration is possible , though more likely through sweden/denmark . 
  not a solution . 
  and not only for reason / u/dv1312 said , but also the fact that nuclear power plants are very rigid in changing their production and therefore needs other power plants to cover the temporary differences between market demand and supply . 
  the most common power plant for these operations is gas , because it is very easy to regulate the amount of electricity being produced with gas . 
  you could use coal or oil power plants as well , but gas is by far the best ( and cleanest ) of them all . 
  i do n't have any citations . 
  my father told me that if you go bankrupt in europe , you 're a loser . 
  if you go bankrupt in usa and start again , people know that you are willing to take risks , know what to avoid to not go bankrupt and are regarded with much higher credibility . 
  heard similar things while studying economics by some professors . 
  well , serbia acknowledged the referendum so it 's hardly comparable . 
  but the point i was making remains ( that not all people have right for self-determination ) since 45 % of the people in montenegro did n't get their will . 
  in case of a diplomatic breakup , it 's probably rather simple , especially if there was previous political division ( ussr , czechoslovakia ) where the distribution is done diplomatically and usually among the previous lines ( most of companies , ministries etc in estonia belonged to estonian ssr , so they also remained under estonian republic ) and some anomalies are probably exchanged ( there were intra-national companies such as certain military industries , that belonged to ussr 's central government , even though they existed in estonia , they were given/taken by estonia under their own control ) . 
  federal property such as military is primarily divided by physical location ( bases in estonia would go under estonian control ) , with probably the previous federal governments successor ( in ussr case russia ) having an upper hand ( russia retained several military assets in now foreign lands ) , but this would all be diplomatically dealt with ( it takes time , last russian troops left estonia in 1994 and countries such as ukraine or georgia never reached a diplomatic solution to expel russian bases ) . 
  in case of a non-diplomatic break up it 's probably a case of civil war and whoever has de facto control over an asset will most successfully incorporate it . 
  in crimea military assets and troops loyal to ukraine will take what they have ( or is left on them after russians take away what they think is necessary ) and return to ukraine . 
  i would bet that if any companies and otherwise non-military assets in crimea is left for ukrainians after all of this , they will probably voluntarily give up the control or will simply be forced to . 
  yeah , i do n't know why i wrote that . 
  scotland is allowed to leave with a referendum , since scotland is an equal country to england or wales . 
  crimea was allowed to have a referendum in 1992 and they chose ukraine , after that a constitution was instituted that does not allow secession without an across-the-country referendum . 
  i agree that kosovo , south-sudan and other cases have made the lines blurry and in a way , they have to be blurry . 
  this is a paradoxical situation with two opposite practices and it has no final solution ( besides for absolute anarchy perhaps ) . 
  so how fucking far do we go with that ? 
  do i have the right for self determination . 
  i do n't want to pay taxes and declare independence ? 
  well , i 'd like that , but you 'd all be shitting on me if i tried doing that . 
  or let 's have a more realistic example : russia starts provocations , protests in narva . 
  narva city council is overrun by protesters and they decide to declare independence . 
  they do n't have a real predecessor , but they may claim something like commune of estonia or something else . 
  so do they have the right to split off from estonia ? 
  do they have the right to split of even if 25 % of the people living there are against it ? 
  do these 25 % have a right to re-declare dependence to estonia ? 
  where do you draw the line ? 
  you do n't . 
  the lines are already down and they 're down for a reason - to stop shit like this from happening and we all dying . 
  borders are . 
  go cry me a river . 
  why though ? 
  why should they be allowed to depart if they so want ? 
  constitutionally they can only secede if the entirety of ukraine support it . 
  it gives a precedent - so could narva or part of tallinn in estonia decide to secede etc etc. 
  why ? 
  they have never had an army . 
  even if they did , they could n't fight an invasion from anyone . 
  they know they have strategic value and other countries are willing to fight for that . 
  iceland has no point to invest in military , rather than diplomacy and choosing the right allies that find iceland 's important enough to protect . 
  fracking . 
  yeah , sure it 's dirty , but dirtier than financing a corrupt and aggressive russian government ? 
  nuclear and solar/wind are only solutions to electricity production , but only about a third of all energy consumption comes from electricity , other thirds are fuels for transports and also heating , where gas plays a major role . 
  in the short run , alternative to russian gas is not getting rid of gas , but developing our own gas production capabilities . 
  usa has managed to bring down gas prices three-fold thanks to fracking and i believe europe has similar capabilities . 
  an interesting switcharoo - ansip to the european commission and kallas to pm of estonia . 
  there 's been some arguing about how democratic this all is , but there 's really nothing stopping it . 
  i think most are relieved that ansip finally leaves ( he 's become more and more distanced from reality after 9 years of being the pm ) , but getting kallas back is really not something i can cheer for ( he has had multiple corruption cases , the most recent one came out today ) and he has an awful moustache . 
  we would n't be independent from russian gas in the sense that we would n't buy gas from them . 
  we would . 
  russian gas is pretty much a must . 
  but what the gas terminals and pipelines would give , is an alternative to russian gas , that in case russia tries something ( ups the prices by three-fold , decides to cut the gas during winter etc. ), 
  we would have alternatives ( even if conventionally more expensive than the russian gas ) . 
  more importantly , it opens up the possibility for competition . 
  five years ago it would have been impossible for anyone to sell gas to estonia in any reasonable quantity , because all the pipelines only lead to russia and we do n't have reasonable storage facilities for lng . 
  now though , competition will be made possible and it ( hopefully ) means russian gas monopoly will fade over time . 
  -1 for good relations as well , they also have military access which takes their stability to -3, 
  but it 's true . 
  many people in eastern europe joined the nazis not because of their great love for hitler and his policies , but because they were just recently fucked hard by the soviets . 
  this is neither black or white , apologism has nothing to do with it . 
  and kaliningrad is perfect for cutting the baltics off from the rest of nato . 
  some banks will demand extra backings if house values drop . 
  it also makes credit more expensive and will put the house owner in a worse situation if he fails to pay regular payments ( just as you said ) . 
  given that millions of homes were lost for that reason during the last recession , there is no way it can be denied .
