  however , if you were to buy someone a coat with someone else 's money , you do n't actually care about the quality or the cost . 
  and this , my friend , is the government . 
  he 's basically saying that somehow people consider avoiding a 25 % tax immoral and wrong , but not a 100 % tax . 
  because at some point people realize that what they are doing is actually wrong ( taking money from others ) . 
  however they fail to extend it to the principle ( 25 % is okay , 50 is also okay , 75 is too much and 100 is definitely too much ) . 
  however the principle stays the same all the time . 
  some are , those who are involved with the government . 
  yes, 
  yes , what a selfish individual for not wanting to get robbed . 
  what an abomination . 
  i wish that france and the european countries would disintegrate and put and end to these criminal gangs . 
  russia , albania , iceland - do they have more european economy what ever that is supposed to mean ? 
   that 's not a person that should represent estonia . 
  estonian voters disagree with you . 
  estonians are so weird . 
  30 years ago we had the phosphorous wars , but it was n't about phosphorous , it was about russian immigrants . 
  technology to mine phosphorous are much better now than they were in the soviet union 30 years ago . 
  we need to extract the resources we have , while we can . 
  i ca n't see how a little piece of land can be more valuable than the welfare of our nation . 
  the reform party leader and pm taavi r\u00f5ivas suggested that alde should eject the centre party from its rows . 
  which was a pretty fucking horrible statement to make as things just do n't work like that i 'm afraid . 
  and opposition support from keskerakond as well . 
   she said in an interview that estonian language should n't be used and should be left to die out . 
  ( something of sorts ) jesus fucking christ stop that bullshit . 
  have you read the bloody interview she gave where she said it ? 
  that was horribly ripped out of context . 
  she basically admitted that russian language is also in danger . 
  this is so fucking retarded , that an actual russian politician , who has learned perfect estonian and represents reasonable social liberal policies is somekind of super-villain in estonian media . 
  that sickens me . 
  yana toom is a politican estonia needs , but not the one it deserves . 
  this explains damn well why the top gear actually took their cars to australia . 
  the codeword seems to be moderation . 
  perhaps moderation dealing with narcotics is a huge difficulty , but in theory it seems that amphetamines can be useful . 
  especially as you mentioned - medicine . 
  why ? 
  i 'm just saying that your interpretation of free party 's ideology is impossible . 
  what 's a liberal conservative ? 
  :d but it might actually represent their inner weakness . 
  sigh . . 
  all parties have declared that they will not co-operate with the central party . 
  no , economical they are leftist . 
  liberal is only in the social sense . 
  i hope they win , kinda . 
  they are not that pro-russian as our other parties and the media portraies them . 
  they are pretty much the only party with a reasonable policy towards estonian russians , the social democrats perhaps being the other . 
  the party is lead by an estonian and most of the party leadership is estonian . 
  they do have the majority of russian votes and they do make dubious claims about russia . 
  but pro-russia ... only in the sense that they are actually considering a healthy relationship with our neighbour . 
  but not in the sense of kremlins lapdogs as people always try to portray them . 
  russian gas is not that cheap for the baltic countries . 
  because it 's the most common way that people on the street interact with each other without raising too much suspicion . 
  other ways are asking for money , which is much worse as it differentiates the asker to a lower in hierarchy . 
  you could also ask for a phone to call , but this rises the risk of getting mugged , so you do n't give your phone to some stupid looking tracksuit guy . 
  but asking for a cigarette/lighter is a fairly normal thing to do . 
  you 're right . 
  just so you know . 
  as if voters agree with every policy of the party they vote for . 
  wth , that makes no sense what so ever . 
  estonian government has vowed to try and change the anti-moneylaundering and terrorism financing act soon , so that banks could legally use non-face-to-face recognition . 
  this does n't mean that banks themselves would accept that , however . 
  today far right activists , tomorrow mass murderers . 
  see , i can do that too !, 
  while it was meant as a joke , petersburg has the fortunate case of having been named leningrad . 
  also , moscow is currently the place in russia with the strongest opposition to putin , i doubt he has even 50 % there . 
  they basically were splitters , as they were kind of a sub-party within the estonian communist party during the end of ussr , as you could n't actually make a whole another party , you had to do a split within the only allowed party . 
  we have the problem , that / r/europe is much more popular among estonians than / r/eesti so this kind of news obviously gains more traction here . 
  what , leningr ... 
  i mean , petersburg is not good enough for you ? 
  fucking posers , always ruining the subcultures . 
  yes , that 's why i added the last sentence . 
  does/did question assumes yes/no answer . 
  binary `` or '' options will always result in a yes . 
  though this question is not a binary choice . 
  communist history if greece is way different from communist history here . 
  communists were the rebels/freedom fighters against a repressive government for a long time . 
  no wonder they get some romantic appeal to them as opposed to the repressive symbolism they have here . 
  exit polls are not anonymous as elections are . 
  if supporters of a certain party are less willing to show their support publicly , you get distorted exit-poll results . 
  i want myself a country !, 
  surstr\u00f6mming for breakfast . 
  just saying that if they exclude the frauds , they must know how much frauds there was . 
  so your previous confusion does n't make sense . 
  it 's interesting how central berlin used to be , now it 's basically on german border . 
  this is so very relevant . 
  it would be funny if it was n't for the hundreds of millions of peoples , whose life is at stake . 
  then again the 0,1 % whom it does affect are probably highly educated and competitive people that will go to some country where they can earn their potential . 
  rent controls ( price controls ) cause deficits , meaning a lot of people will be physically unable to find legal housing . 
  maximum wage hits directly at high end earners . 
  meaning that talented people probably wo n't be working for your country for much longer . 
  london is a world centre of finances , if you put the people working there before a choice : work in uk and earn max 1 million a year , or leave and be able to earn 50 million a year , you think they stuck around ? 
  you can say you do n't want these people in your country at all , but say goodbye to a big chunk of your economy and relevance in the world . 
  the current state is not perfect , therefore we must nationalise everything !, 
  and if the nationalisations do n't bring success ( which it bloody wo n't ) , then it 's the capitalists fault . 
  coal mines were closed during thatcher 's reign . 
  thatcher is the devil . 
  everything that devil does is evil . 
  closing coal mines was pure evil . 
  therefore coal mines must be reopened . 
  and given its name , most would n't probably even notice . 
  you 're not wrong , but a large part of the opposition is still ultra-extremist islamists .
