  you do understand that both romania and canada have agreed to settle these cases in that particular arbitrator ? 
  it 's not like somerandom court can decide romania has to pay 4 billions . 
  well , i mean there sure are a lot of unethical companies and this one may very we 'll be one . 
  but they still must have the right to defend themselves . 
  and an unbiased court is necessary for that . 
  small exporting companies ( that estonia is full ) very often find the elf in situation where the government screws them and the only thing that can help them is going to international arbitrage because the courts in the destination country are not guaranteed to be fair towards foreigners , especially if the other side is themselves . 
  okey , let 's talk about logical fallacies . 
  you asked how did they reach the number 4 billion . 
  i gave two reasonings without any ethical implications since we 're not talking about ethics , but about reasoning ( that can be unethical , no-one forces the company to make ethical arguments ) . 
  instead you replied with an ethics argument that completely missed the topic of why . 
  secondly you ignored my second explanation that pretty much 100 % explains their reasoning and you not only ignore the point completely , you even claim that i gave you no reasons . 
  you did two very common uses of demagoguery : a ) changed the topic to something you can refute instead of debating the claim itself and b ) willfully ignored a part of an argument completely and even deny its existence . 
  and i 'm the one making logical fallacies , well hello world, 
   and that still does not answer my question . 
  and you intentionally left out my second answer ? 
  not dishonest at all ? 
  lol, 
  a ) if they invested 500 million 10 years ago , then simply by agreeing to a 10 % annual expected return the amount would be 1,5 billion by now . 
  you also have to understand that it 's not just the 500 million that is lost , but also the expected future revenue that investors `` reasonably ? '', 
  expected . 
  b ) it 's a common practice to ask for more than you actually expect since usually there will be enough concessions that the agreement will be settled to about the actually intended amount . 
  c ) the fact that they are asking for anything does n't mean they 're getting anything . 
  but they have the right to ask for it , just like a criminal is allowed ( and in fact has to ) be defended in court . 
  if the contract was illegal then a court will agree to that , i do n't see the problem in a company trying to defend itself still . 
  it 's the jews !, 
  a ) government ca n't give promises like that and the deal is annulled anyway then , although the government is still responsible for what they 're promising . 
  b ) a contract is not a law , but it still has to be followed , it 's a contract and violating a contract is illegal . 
  yeah because all companies are so strong and governments fear them . 
  the reality is most of the times it 's the company getting screwed by some filthy bureaucrat and then you guys want the dispute to be settled in public courts owned and controlled by the same government that screwed them over in the first place ?!?!, 
  like does it not ring a bell to any of you that governments are not some naive birds getting hunted by all the evil corporations , but the reason these international arbitrators are needed is to have a fair and unbiased court . 
  i think the more important part is the lack of rule of law . 
  it 's not special to countries you do n't want to do business in . 
  russia is a bit of a special case as you legally never own the land . 
  the land will always belong to the state and you just rent the land . 
  also russia has had the habit of taking or giving away your land if it suddenly suits some burecraut in need of some sweet bribe money . 
  we call it what it is , a tax . 
  this is his style and i think it is meant to be purely aesthetic . 
  obviously he did n't know what the coastline there is , but making it fractal like this is a pretty reasonable approximation that gives it a pretty realistic view . 
  i would say it makes the map look more correct than it actually is , and it 's not entirely a bad thing . 
  national sociopathy ? 
  yeah , i mean we 're in the internet , in a fairly liberal forum and the overwhelming majority of people here disapprove immigration . 
  how on earth is it possible that the reality is less conservative than what we have here ... 
  ecb wants around 2 % inflation . 
  so it 's right , refugees do cause more crime !, 
  good question . 
  it 's the number of hiv-infected people that had visited the infectionist in a hospital of one of these three cities ( tallinn , kohtla-j\u00e4rve and narva ) at some period ( ? ) . 
  the report claims that 94 % of hiv patients live in these three cities ( and surrounding county ) , but i do n't get where they take the information from . 
  i 'm sorry i ca n't help you more at the moment . 
  the rate of new carriers has been dropping since the middle of 2000s ( from my memory ) , but there 's still more new carriers coming up than they 're dying away ( which at least is somewhat positivne i guess ... ) . 
  i somewhat share your sentiment . 
  it 's like we 're pretending russians are naturally more prone to catch hiv or that russians or more prone to being drug addicts . 
  the truth is that russians are n't naturally more problematic than estonians or anyone else , it 's just that russians are mostly the urban poor in estonia , and this is for a wiiiiiide range of socio-economic reasons that of some estonian government is also to blame . 
  urban poor are around the world the most problematic groups . 
  while not entirely false , it 's very far from truth . 
  there are a lot of estonians that have hiv/aids , even though to epidemic is more prevalent among ethnic russians . 
  even logically , how do you expect such a disease to remain among one group of people ? 
  there are a lot of estonian addicts and sexually careless people . 
  edit : actually / u/strukkstar is entirely right . 
  according to this study , 83 % of hiv carriers in estonia are ethnic russians , 11 % estonians and ca 6 % other ( mostly russian speaking non-russian ) . 
  about the treaty of versaille : history or historians very rarely debunk something like this . 
  the obvious answer is that treaty of versaille was one of many reasons that pushed germany into ww2 , the only question is how much and why . 
  it is entirely possible , that the treaty itself was n't nearly as bad as portrayed , but as / u/wookiemonster said : the idea of the treaty was bad enough in germany to cause problems . 
  germany debt forgiveness : it does n't really matter if your debt is cancelled or postponed , in both cases the debt is lessened . 
  time value of money in hand with inflation make sure of that . 
  it is named the nobel prize , it is given out by the same committee that gives out a nobel prize and it is commonly valued as a nobel prize . 
  the people saying it 's not a nobel prize either have the intention to undermine the value of the prize through claiming its non-trueness or just want to look smart . 
  that 's why it bothers me . 
  from wiki : the nobel memorial prize in economic sciences , commonly referred to as the nobel prize in economics , and as a `` category of the nobel prize '' by the nobel foundation itself , which owns the name nobel prize , is an award for outstanding contributions to the field of economics , and generally regarded as the most prestigious award for that field . 
  for all intents and purposes it 's a nobel prize . 
  i know it was n't the originial prize , but it is given out by the same people as other nobel prizes and is very much a nobel prize . 
  i just think that trying to undermine the value of the prize by saying it 's not real is really stupid . 
  or pretentious at the very least . 
  fake one ... 
  nope , not worth anything . 
  dude , just do n't, 
  yes of course , disagreeing with you on immigration is tantamount to selling out my family . 
  well done . 
  you are what i fear most . 
  not some immigrant . 
  i would n't doubt for a second that you 'd be willing to cut my or some other persons head off just because your tribe is better than mine . 
  i hope you never live out on your impulses . 
  sell out ? 
  what the fuck are you trying to prove here ? 
  yes , i am willing to take a risk that someone kills me or rapes my sister if this means a thousand people will have a better life . 
  because the chances of any of this happening are ridiculously low . 
  this is not a real threat you 're talking about . 
  so how many dead immigrants is worth a life of a european ? 
  10 to 1 , 1000 to 1 , million to 1 ? 
  infinity ? 
  honestly , compared to the thought of europeans killing each other and throwing people into an oven once again , i really do n't see the harm the immigrants can make . 
  because the person literally said he sees no desirable aspect to letting immigrant to europe . 
  except you know , them not dying part . 
  cut your demagoguery . 
  my entire point is that you have to consider and weigh different sides . 
  no , people getting raped is n't nothing to me , but at least i recognize that there 's another side to the story . 
  people do illegal things in two different occasion . 
  a ) the law is right and the people breaking the law are wrong . 
  b ) the law is wrong and poole are doing the right thing . 
  when people escape their shitty lives and you come to tell them how wrong and bad they are , then you are in the wrong . 
  10 % of estonians left estonia illegally during ww2 .
