well , let 's talk about south-east asia : china , indochina , korea , japan . 
  i think their history is definitely interesting , but i 'm not too interested in it besides 1800 + , when they started industrialising and europe had more to do there . 
  i think they are inevitably the future centre of economic and political power . 
  and i am a fair bit afraid of it . 
  i am not hugely enthusiastic about their cultures . 
  i am afraid their `` work 14 hours a day , 6 days a week until you die '' , `` old men  young men      women ? '', 
  and `` the society is what matters , not the individual '' cultures are really really terrifying . 
  i want nothing to do with it , but it seems super efficient . 
  or piss off everyone . 
  those god damn half-french . 
  russian spies caught by americans probably , since estonia has nothing worthy to exchange . 
  directives are not suggestions . 
  they must be followed , but they give the member states the freedom to fit it in their legal system as they want . 
  this is different from decisions and regulations that must be incorporated in respective countries legal systems exactly like is said . 
  not only must they be followed , but these directives and decisions are also instantaneous and supreme to member states . 
  this means that a ) even if the member states have not yet changed their legal system , the eu decisions still reign - example : you can say in court : `` but the eu directive 01928102 says so and even if this is not yet a local law , it still applies '' . 
  and b ) member states have no right what so ever ( in theory ) to act against these decisions . 
  they can if they really want to ( for example if they are germany and nobody dears to fight against them ) , but legally eu laws are supreme to any local laws . 
  which , by the way , means that eu member states are not sovereigns anymore . 
  at least on paper they are n't . 
  well , belorussian is actually very similar ( as i understand it ) to polish and lithuanian . 
  belorussians actually mostly speak russian , not the belorussian language . 
  by the way , why does n't france have a coat of arms ? 
  and why do they use fasces ? 
  eh ... 100 years ago perhaps , but in soviet union unemployment was also criminalised . 
  it 's been the topic all the time when talking about pisa test for example . 
  that we have a good average , but lack in the top . 
  it 's definitely not only an aspect of estonia 's education system , that in most classes , teachers spend most of their time helping the weak students get the recurred curriculum , while the brilliant students are often left idle, 
  our education is good at creating a good average , but it comes at the expense of eliminating extremes . 
  or maybe we are just unlucky . 
  double the gdp per capita of sweden for example . 
  sweden is rich and developed . 
  but norway is a totally different ballpark . 
  yes and no . 
  there definitely is a brain-drain , but neither nature not society accepts an empty plea for too long . 
  having artists leave your country will make it easier for the remainders to become successful in what they do . 
  while those who flee ... as you said , they were on construction , probably not painting . 
  i had a brainfart and confused francophone and francophile . 
  a gay socialist immigrant liking france . 
  well colour me surprised . 
  if your family members starts insulting people on the street then it 's common sense that you apologise for their behaviour . 
  surely a random ultra-nationalist of your country is not exactly your family member , but you still associate yourself with him through the same country you live in . 
  and therefore feel the need to apologise , not because you 're guilty , but because it 's an appropriate thing to do as a human . 
  i do n't necessarily think so . 
  usa for example never recognised the annexation of baltic states by ussr . 
  i think the de jury denial can last for a long long time . 
  active soldiers , those who get payed . 
  estonia has conscription and estonia 's wartime army can be up to 100 000 men . 
  this wo n't happen before rail baltica , which in turn will never happen . 
  i wish you could live in china . 
  national sovereignty is quite a different topic from `` oppression of human rights '' or whatever you 're trying to prove . 
  that 's if you look at the nominal gdp , in which norway has more than 100k per capita . 
  this map is ppp - purchase power parity , which takes into account the cost of living . 
  baltic as in baltic sea . 
  exactly , i have a couple of friends studying in scotland and furiously supporting their independence . 
  seriously , you have lived there for a few years and are not going to stay there for ever . 
  sure , you know the situation there better then i do from here , but you really should n't be deciding on such an important subject . 
  well i guess it 's done then . 
  we should all live as poor and everything will get better . 
  seriously though , it 's the french own fault that rich people do n't want to hear anything from them . 
  and then they have the guts to call those people as criminals , who do n't want to be economically oppressed and use legal solutions . 
  it 's important to ask , what does it mean to be a nazi ? 
  do they want to exterminate/deport every non-ukrainian ? 
  or do they want a strong ukrainian state ? 
  or do they want a pure aryan race ? 
  these words : nazi , fascist etc. 
  mean so little as russian nazis and ukrainian nazis hate each other with absolute rage , or some consider them their brothers and some perhaps some other thing . 
  i feel that there 's something important estonia is hiding - namely what exactly was kohver doing . 
  i think there was some `` legitimate '' reason for fsb to kidnap him , namely spying . 
  if estonian side had all the right in this issue , we would n't see so much empty words from the estonian side . 
  it should be reacted very harshly , but it is n't . 
  therefore estonian side knows that there is information that would turn the case against estonia . 
  if russia 's only intimidating , then estonia has mechanisms by which to react - through nato and eu . 
  this is a huge breach of estonia 's national sovereignty and would have to bring russia some serious repercussions . 
  as long as estonia does nothing , i can only assume that the case is not as estonia has been trying to portray . 
  apparently radio contact with russian side was interfered and smoke-grenade was used . 
  wartime army is a different thing . 
  the 5000 in estonia are mostly conscripts currently in training . 
  with 20000 active defence league members and a sizeable reserve , the number turn significantly . 
  the biggest issue though is definitely the lack of tanks and air power . 
  luckily nato has taken a collective stance to guard the baltic skies . 
  in training , it 's a really big thing if you 've had to encounter a fucking tank in your training or not . 
  historically soldiers have shit themselves when they see an enemy tank approaching . 
  the thing about potato is that it grows on shitty soil , so it 's not that surprising honestly . 
  india has always been a friend of ussr/russia . 
  reality, 
  i think you have had too much internet . 
  dude , just stop . 
  you 're spewing all the imperialist russian bullshit and have the guts to call us fascists . 
  suck a pipe !, 
  it 's sad we do n't have one in estonia . 
  i 'm pretty sure some of the national parks such as vilsandi islands or soomaa should qualify . 
  i would assume some sort of social welfare thing , as in old people and students get to rent their apartments for reduced cost . 
  i 'm not sure though . 
  it 's true and definitely a problem , but there quickly organised co-operatives which united people in the same village or in the same apartment building to solve their communal issues together . 
  it 's been working relatively well and will definitely get better in the future . 
  probably is . 
  that picture was from the flattest place in greece . 
  rt : ukrainian fascist regime bombs anti-fascist protestors in kiev . 
  in the world of russian logic you can .
