  they need english to watch movies on the internet , but they do n't need estonian for anything . 
  laughable ? 
  not laughable . 
  sad and miserable , yes . 
  what does influence mean ? 
  funding a newspaper , funsing a thinktank , financing schools , buying of voters ? 
  obviously these actions are different and should be viewed differently . 
  yes , we should encourage people to actively support their views , this is part of a participation-based democracy . 
  now , i do recognise that not all messages are the same . 
  when saudi arabia supports their brand of islam and they actually spread terrorism and hate , then it should n't be allowed . 
  obviously a borderline issue . 
  i think soros 's neoliberalism is not comparable to saudi wahabism , you do . 
  we can have a discussion about it . 
   what 's wrong with protectionism , especially with smaller countries ? 
  everything ? 
  it 's a plague that creates poverty and tribalism . 
  i mean soros is spending his personal money to spread a way of thinking he honestly believes is morally best . 
  sure you may disagree with his ideals , but in a free democratic society this should not only be allowed , but sort of encouraged . 
  why should 've they ? 
  even when in axis they did n't push further from pre-war borders . 
  if turkey can ask something for the use and the other side is willing , why not bargain then ? 
  sure , it would 've been a positive pr to just give the rights away and it might be considered elementary , but i ca n't blame turkey for asking . 
  yes , and the iraqi kurds and turkey have good relations . 
  that 's the thing , there are serious problems with journalism everywhere , but that does n't make russian propaganda any better , even worse if even compared to such bias in western media they are still oceans away . 
  the intensity , the intensity of propaganda is different . 
  while bbc or deutche welle certianly suffer from both journalistic personal bias as well as being restricted by laws of the nation , they at least normally try to be objective . 
  sputnik is 100 % propaganda . 
  now , the russians say that there 's no difference . 
  well i say there 's a mountain of difference . 
  in case a ) there are some biases and misinformation , but at least tries to give an objective viewpoint , in b ) everything is false or serves a state propaganda purpose . 
  ussr was not state capitalism . 
  there was nothing to do with capitalism at all . 
  state capitalism is a system where private sector is heavily controlled by the state and state probably has shares of a lot of companies . 
  but there still exists private ownership and investments . 
  ussr was full state owned planned economy with absolutely no ( legal ) private sector . 
  boris yeltsin is asked to describe the russian economy in one word . 
  yeltsin : `` good '' . 
  then he 's asked to describe the russian economy in more than one word . 
  yeltsin : `` not good '' . 
  much of wild animals . 
  nato has similar problems though . 
  most of the members do n't contribute much and a lot of the members have different , often even contradictory objectives to others . 
  like germany having special relations with russia , turkey being turkey etc. 
  while i 'm not saying the collapse will be imminent , there are signs that are worrying , in certain moments in time and space , there might be `` better '' to sacrifice some parts of current nato for some other gain . 
  actually a lot of them probably are `` russian '' bears . 
  russia is literally like a base for bears , where they propagate outwards , including into finland . 
  yes , russia could n't win a war against nato , but they will never have a war with nato . 
  russia will try to break up nato and eu , if he even needs to do anything - some of us are glad to break it up ourselves . 
  a divided europe - russia can fight and win a war against that . 
  the problem with a terrorist insurgency is that it is often very difficult to differentiate them from civilian population . 
  it does not make civilian suffering any better , but there 's a reason why in every conflict against insurgencies , innocent civilians get hurt . 
  is the one happening in kurdish syria a tolerable amount of evil ? 
  i do n't know . 
  but let 's at least be realistic in this situation . 
  that 's the point . 
  it 's a badly organised state with fudgy laws , courts and militias as the military and police . 
  it 's also in a state of war and fights a terrorist insurgency who do not themselves abide by the laws . 
  this is not however an ethnic cleansing . 
  these are violations of human rights and conduct of war , but to say its ethnic cleansing it needs to have an ethnic reason and a large scale . 
  do you agree that arbitrarily ( by whom definition ) detaining some people is not ethnic cleansing ? 
   ypg has been doing ethnic cleansing in the regions it has conquered due to us bombing ( as reported by human rights watch ) no they have n't . 
  they have a number of cases of questionable destruction of houses of possible insurgents . 
  the reasoning being that the houses were full of ieds . 
  now these are possible human right violations , but not ethnic cleansing that would mean systematic destruction and displacement of an ethnic ( or similarly defined ) group and would necessitate an international intervention . 
   turks should face the consequences for this incident . 
  yes , an applause . 
   in my eyes . 
  well you might need glasses then . 
   we managed to assert a level of power lol . 
  look at that russia being afraid of your inactions . 
  how is it different ? 
  did russia lose its nuclear capabilities ? 
  has russia somehow become an acceptable member of international community that abides by international laws ? 
  no and no . 
  russia is a threat to our security that these very airspace violations prove . 
  these violations happen because people like you who refuse to protect their countries sovereignty . 
  if all planes that violate borders get shot down , then russia will stop violating the borders . 
  terrorists win, 
  which proves that belgium is not a failed nation . 
  the entire nation managed to keep going without a government . 
  people went to work , got payed , police caught criminals , courts judged them according to laws , nobody panicked . 
  these are all signs of a healthy state . 
  was it purely a celebratory event ? 
  because we have occasional torch marches in estonia as well . 
  but they 're organised by the xenophobic party . 
  you 're welcome . 
  i so so want to like turkey . 
  seriously , i have an innate will to like that country . 
  but a lot of people make it very hard to do . 
  god damn it !, 
  did your de-synchronisation require heavy investments ? 
  currently the baltics are barely connected to ce and heavily connected to russia . 
  without harming themselves ? 
  harming us by shutting down western russia ? 
  yes . 
  then again if russia wanted to cut estonian electricity connections , they can simply do a few precision strikes at narva power plants , estlink cables and latvian connections . 
  elering has made numerous researches into the possibilities of switching to ce syncrohnization . 
  the basic result has been : it will be expensive and might be feasible if we do n't have to pay russia during this process . 
  however russia will definitely demand their losses be covered by us ( the eu ) and they are in full right . 
  imagine you and your neighbour sharing a part of the grid .
