  so not much better than daesh, 
  it 's all the refugees that voted . 
  but my emotional response to some gossip must be the truth, 
  in the end , all the questions boil down to nationalism . 
  is your little ( or big ) country more important than others or not . 
  europe is still a place where nationalism is very very important . 
  this is a reality we have to live with . 
  thailand is a country with 20 coups in the last 30 country . 
  do n't recommend . 
  not surprising at all . 
  given that these people often travel thousands of kilometers on foot , an adult male is much more likely to be able to take the trip than children/women . 
  ehh ... 
  these are the literal words of my uncle , who 's a life-long forester . 
  to be fair , if you spend enough of time in the forest , you 're bound to catch it . 
  yes , i admit my comparison was not a perfect one ( as no comparison ever is - comparisons are inherently not 100 % equal ) . 
  i respect you for the faults that you pointed out . 
  i still stand by my side saying that this comparison holds some merit , but the faults must be taken into consideration . 
  you can compare apples and oranges if you accept their not the same fruit . 
  i know and understand that . 
  russian tactics have their pros and cons . 
  cons being their inability to use their massive supremacy in air and armored power to fight the war . 
  but it also shows that russia and usa are in different leagues . 
  russian army has probably gained a lot of skills after the horrifying 90s ( for russians ) , but they still are still a local player that relies mostly on their manpower , rather than high-tech equipment . 
  apples and oranges are both fruits . 
  russian army and us army are both armies . 
  what it shows is exactly what you say though , russia is not like the usa . 
  they just do n't have similar capabilities . 
  may i say though , ukraine is a pretty easy battleground concerning it is mostly flat plains and fields . 
  i do agree that the unconventional war russia is waging in ukraine is by its core more prone to casualties since russia is unable to use its actual strengths to its good ( massive conventional power ) . 
  during the gulf war , usa , fighting against a country with 4th largest conventional military back then lost 150 troops . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gulf_war while i 'm not saying ukraine 's army is as incompetent than iraq 's was , 2000 dead on russian side is still more than could be expected . 
  yes , everything below the tropic of cancer is out , everything above it is in . 
  i believe . 
   nato is based around force projection and protecting oversea 's assets source on this ? 
  because afaik naro explicitly establishes that overseas territories are not taken into consideration at least when it comes to article 5 . 
  th thing is , nato has overwhelming military supremacy over russia everwhere , except for eastern europe . 
  i do n't know unfortunately . 
  but by 1989 some of the media had already become independent . 
  often defying censorship directly , or using blatant `` loopholes '' . 
  also `` the popular front '' - an unofficial party was the one organising the event in estonia ( similar organisations in latvia and lithuania ) that had a lot of members to spread the word through . 
  i also guess the radio channels of `` voice of america '' and `` free europe '' were broadcasting the news . 
  while i 'm not saying the high number of troops in the baltic states had nothing to do with occupation , the baltics were the westernmost part of ussr and were highely militarized at least in a large part due to the cold war with the west . 
  what differentiates occupation and annexation ? 
  usa along with several other western states never recognised the annexation , claimed the baltics to be occupied and recognised the exile governments . 
  similarly to france in ww2 for example . 
  if the occupation had lasted another 500 years , it 's very likely it would become forgotten and accepted as legitimate annexation . 
  just saying the borders are fuzzy . 
  oh does poor little russia have its feelings hurt again ? 
  how bad , so sad . 
  it was something that all these 2 million people wanted to be succesful . 
  so people helped to self-organise . 
  also it did take quite a while before the actual event to organise it . 
  yes , you win . 
  but it 's the immigrants who cause violence and crime !, 
  we need to go deeper . 
  even though russian states ( pskov in 1030 , russia during the livonian wars ) had occasionally occupied estonian lands , the relations between estonians and russians were fairly normal for a long time . 
  the main enemy for estonians until 1860s or so were the german landlords . 
  even in czarist russia german nobles ruled estonia and not so much russians . 
  until in 1880s russia started a large russification campaign in estonia ( in areas like poland , lithuania it had already started before ) . 
  estonian language was supressed , education was now in russian . 
  reasonable amount of repopulation was going on ( although mostly voluntary - estonians went to all over russia and russians and other people in the empire started coming to estonia ) , but it was n't all that big , considering that by 1920 more than 90 % of estonian population was still ethnic estonians . 
  but even then russia was the nr 2 enemy . 
  germans were still nr 1 . 
  when towns like tallinn started having elections then estonians and russians often co-operated to expel german rule . 
  even in our independence war ( that was fought against red russia and baltic germans ) , soldiers talked about marching to berlin , not to moscow . 
  so huge was the hate against germans from the 700 years of occupation . 
  the reason i 'm talking about germans and hating them so much is that by 1940 and definitely now , germans were seen as the liberators and allies against evil russians . 
  something had to change during that time . 
  well , what happened ? 
  in 1924 there was a communist rebellion in estonia , that was very much agitated , funded and manned by the su . 
  this was probably the biggest cause for change in estonian foreign policy towards russia/su . 
  before that there was co-operation , after that it was clear that estonia would only future-to-be-russia in many russian minds ( especially the leadership ) . 
  during the years 1924-1939 su kept their propaganda machines running , estonia was depicted as a backward , uncultured place that was colonised by western imperialists/capitalists and that needed to be brought back to the fold of great mother russia . 
  so , in 1939 su gave an ultimatum : let in soviet troops ( around 25000 ) or die in a war . 
  our leadership pussied out and gave way to soviet troops . 
  soon after that the troops started breaking the laws established - such as bombing finland from their bases in estonia . 
  then the acting government was arrested and sent to prison , a new commuist government emerged that begged moscow to annex estonia into ussr . 
  voluntarily ... yeah . 
  so after the annexation around 10 000 estonians ( mostly the intelligentsia : politicians , entrepreneurs , writers , actors , as well as land-owners etc ) were sent to siberia ( by quotas i might add - this village has to send 5 people to siberia , pick them out ! ) . 
  so obviously all the second world war thing had n't started too well for the estonians . 
  so when the germans came and occupied us , they were greeted as liberators . 
  more estonians joined the german army against su than was forcefully drafted into the red army ( besides direct deportations there was also military draft and forced evacuation of more estonians ) . 
  the war was lost and soviets came in claiming to be liberators , deported another 20k people , set up a repressive regime . 
  start a wide russification programme by bringing in hundreds of thousands of non-estonians and limiting the use of estonian . 
  estonians were treated as second class citizens that always had to give way for the others . 
  and all throughout this russians acted smug , claimed to be liberators and bringers of culture and industry . 
  even though the entire soviet occupation was repressive , culturally backwards and led estonia ( together with all other communist countries ) to lag behind the free and capitalist societies . 
  in the end , it was n't just about killing or imprisoning people that makes russians seem bad . 
  a lot more people died in wars etc. 
  but the way that russians ( or soviets ) acted . 
  in a way that says : your nation and language is worth nothing , it 's a historical mishap and will be gone in a short time . 
  instead we 're the liberators , we are the cultured ones you should bow to and lick our boots . 
  but why do n't you love us ??? 
  what have we ever done to you ??? 
  why are you so fascist ??? 
  we very well know that this is n't inherently the fault of the russian people , it has very much to do with the propaganda and politics of the russian elite , who use it to manipulate russian people . 
  but in the end , the russian people were the ones carrying out these attitudes , no matter how brainwashed or manipulated they were . 
  but i have some hope , at least in the long long run . 
  take germany again . 
  for 700 years we hated them thoroughly .
