  you 're right that by implementing housing taxes , the price of real estate would drop . 
  however , that would mean that the value on people 's homes go down and it will become too little to cover the mortgage , which means that people will lose their homes to the banks , making more people homeless . 
  low real estate prices is not something you probably want . 
  well , i disagree in that it 's fascism , but it 's still destroying history . 
  i like to walk around in my town and notice some occasional communist remnant , it reminds me of the past and the story behind it all . 
  even though i 'm very anti-communist , i would n't want these remnants to be destroyed . 
  though i guess if there were thousands of lenins statues around my country in every city centre , i 'd probably support removing them . 
  it does n't have to be a god at all . 
  many people i know believe in ghosts , supernatural powers and such , but i doubt they believe in a super being monitoring the universe . 
  he was overthrown once already and the people elected him back . 
  that 's quite some thing to think about when we 're talking about the current crisis and opposition in it . 
  bloodshed happens when you try to stop a violent coup . 
  why ? 
  he was voted president by the people . 
  why would he step back because of violent protestors ? 
  arrested for what ? 
  actually finland seems to be average on the per capita range . 
  it would have definitely been different for the uk though . 
  the pound has lost value considerably against euro in the last five years and that could n't have happened . 
  instead of currency devaluation uk would have had to rely more on internal devaluation through austerity . 
  difference for the eurozone ... 
  i really do n't know . 
  i 'd guess not worse not better really . 
  uk has a huge banking sector and joining euro could 've had a large impact , but which way ? 
  that 's a fair point , but solvable in my opinion . 
  first of all , looking at artists , there are many possibilities . 
  they can tour , they can still sell their albums , other merchandise , they can ask for donations or other voluntary help , they can use kickstarter-like organizations that are already quite ordinary . 
  for example how louis ck funded his last album : he announced the new album and people who were interested in it could invest and support him . 
  the thing is , musicians are n't guaranteed to make . 
  your argument could be used anywhere : for example - why is a chair maker not entitled to a profit . 
  why does he have to compete with other , possibly more efficient chair makers or even other goods completely . 
  no-one is entitled to a profit if others can make or distribute the thing more cheaply . 
  current method of income for musicians would probably not work without copyright protections . 
  but it 's not important for they should simy seek out other forms of income as i mentioned earlier . 
  copyrights are such a stupid idea and they are enforced ever more harshly . 
  this makes me really angry and i am seriously afraid that it will sevearely decrease our liberties in the long run even more . 
  property rights are meant to distribute limited resources . 
  music , films and most other copyrighted stuff is not a limited resource - infact i could give every single computer owning person on earth these resources with nearely zero cost . 
  taking away the right to give people free stuff by making it a monopolous good that can only be sold by big corporations who are in bed with lawmakers is inhumane and should be a criminal offense . 
  i have a little faith in finland on that front . 
  estonia launched its satellite with esa , so i suppose it just has to do with whoever has the spare room for a little satellite with a reasonable price . 
  `` neutral `` greek, 
  well yeah , you 're surrounder by the eu , clearely they have some power over you . 
  but compared to monaco or andorra , you could probably put up quite a fight . 
  and in diplomacy it 's all about perceived strength . 
  kosovo and serbia both in the eu - highely unlikely for a long time probably . 
  other balkan nations joining is fairly possible in a not too distant future ( up to 20 years perhaps ) . 
  same problem is with turkey and cyprus . 
  iceland is also fairly likely to join , though it 's definitely not happening just yet . 
  the small states like andorra , monaco etc are basically part of eu already . 
  i think however , that they wil retain their non-eu , half-soverign , we are just honoring our old traditions stance and probably never join eu , if the eu does n't really want them to join and so forcing them to join to enable business opportunites and so forth . 
  norway and switzerland will probably not join the eu in the imaginable future for a similar reason - they already have all the benefits from the eu , without being a part of it and theu retain a much greater independence . 
  they , however , can keep their independence not because of irrelevance , but because of great power ( monetary firstly , but military as well ) . 
  i actually think that ukraine and espescially moldova and perhaps even georgia are probably going to join eu soon ( at least some of them ) . 
  soon being maybe 10-20 years . 
  clearely it is n't as simple as you just put it . 
  if the governments give more guarantees , lower the interest rates , lend money etc it will cause even more spending in the private sector ( after all you are saying this is what you/they want - to get the economy gowing ) . 
  however , an economy that is powered by cheap money is likely to overheat and make unreasonable investments ( investments you would n't make in a normal situation ( expensive credit ) ) . 
  what you 're looking at is the government debt and spending , but not that of the country/populace . 
  what caused the crisis in spain was mostly the overinvestment into real estate and other assets . 
  the same happened in estonia for example , a very steep recession caused not by government expenditures before the crisis , but because of people living beyond their means . 
  although government do n't have direct control over its populace , it however can have better or worse economic policies . 
  as were many cases , central banks kept intresses low and subsidised some industries ( like real estate through tax breaks , garantees and such ) and therefore poured more gasoline on the flaming economies . 
  maybe it has something to do with the time frame as well . 
  2007 was n't really yet the beginning of the crisis . 
  so countries like estonia , which did suffer considerable losses from 2008 onwards still grew in 2007 , thus giving a better result as compared to 2008-2012 time frame . 
  which raises the question whether it 's gdp in purchasing power or nominal value . 
  i 'm surprised about uk . 
  i did n't know they have had such problems recently . 
  seriously , as bad as greece ? 
  what has caused this and which parts of uk have contracted the most ? 
  sure , but the question here was if it is giving away a nations soverignity . 
  even if it is democratically decided to give a part of soverignity to another ( international ) organisation , then no matter how good and rational the decisions coming from the organisation are , it 's still a decision of common european people , not the common decision of british , french or estonian people . 
  national soverignity has been given away . 
  i 'm not saying it 's good , bad or both , just that it 's a mere fact people seem to be denying . 
  but seriously , those who disagree with what excecutivemonkey said , you really do n't think that is n't the issue ? 
  the basic argument from the right-wing people is that eu ( or whichever union , be it un , wto etc ) takes away soverignity of that nation . 
  and it does , because well it 's what these organisations are meant to do - have an international set of laws and agreements that individual nations ca n't or do n't want to do sufficiently on their own . 
  kruus is grovel , but georgia sounds like some orgy . 
  are you aware how biased your news coverage is ? 
  i believe russians have it way worse though . 
  poro is acceptable as well . 
  seriously though , i could n't imagine them being otherwise . 
  greece 's economy is decreasing about 3 % this year . 
  with a growing debt ( from the deficit ) , it 's still not adding up . 
  perhaps predictions for 2014 then ? 
  greece is decreasing its debt ? 
  not buying it . 
  they have a budget deficit of around 9 % . 
  well , what i know is from stories . 
  but when my dad got a plastic bag from finland , he used it as his school bag until it broke down ( so a month or two ) , because it was so cool . 
  edit : actually in the end of 80s they opened a plastic bag factory in estonia , so the fad went down , but they still only made bland white plastic bags , but those really colourful ones were still worth some . 
  no you did n't, 
  my friend ( we 're from estonia ) went to denmark and bought himself a lighter ... with pictures of tallinn on it . 
  understandable though as it 's where you got your flag and tallinn means `` danish town '' , but funny still . 
  well , not to a wide scale , but among some punk ( ish ) circles . 
  i remember it being mentioned in some interview or article , but i ca n't find it now , so it might as well be total bullshit . 
  the reasoning behind this would be that it was a symbol of west ( seriously , ussr propaganda used aids and homosexualism as a serious tool ) . 
  and given that everything from the west was very highely valued ( like plastic bags ) i think it 's possible that someone also considered aids to be cool . 
  many aspects .
