  it 's way more complicated than that . 
  the old core of the center party is under the diminishing control of the main founder and a long time leader edgar savisaar and built around the soviet era popular front ( rahvarinne ) . 
  a lot of especially older people consider savisaar as one of the main founders of independent estonia and they are n't all that wrong . 
  savisaar was arguably the first prime minister of independent estonia , although estonia was still nominally a part of ussr back then . 
  over the many years center party drifted more towards estonian russians , uniting the votes under a mostly estonian-lead party and thereby inhibiting the rise of any ethnic russian party in estonia . 
  today the center party is pretty much the only real party in estonia that actually had russians among its ranks and while somewhat worrying to estonians , this is overall a good achievement . 
  the pro-russian side was finally cast aside by the younger and more estonian faction just a few weeks ago and this was the very reason why our previous government fell . 
  the center party was an outcast that nobody was willing to work with and this meant the reform party could dominate our political landscape for the past decade . 
  since everybody else actually wanted to get rid of the reform 's dominance it is no wonder that the leadership change in the center party allowed for the other parties to finally ditch reform and create a new government with the centre party at its lead . 
  furthermore , as it could be of interest to foreigners , i must mention that the centre party is far from being a united force at the moment and might turn out as incapable of leading the government for long . 
  the old savisaar 's faction still has about 10 seats in the parliament and could prevent ratas ' government if it so wished . 
  it is clear that if ratad fails to unite the party the party may not last long . 
  there are talks of a potential new savisaar 's party or even a new russian party that would break off of the centre party . 
  seeing how many bridges savisaar as well as his opponents have burned it 's definitely not unlikely to happen . 
  interesting times ahead for sure though . 
  `` cruise liners are a different kettle of fish , '' says m\u00e4ki . 
  `` cruise volumes have risen too , and we will be making headway there as well , but we are n't nearly the largest in these terms . '', 
  we were n't though . 
  excactly , attacking military objects hardly qualifies as terrorism , more like battle . 
  well , history is written and archeology is unwritten . 
  and since before communism people in ee could n't write or read , there could n't have been history either . 
  because it would be tasteless and fake . 
  i would guess it has something to do with greece 's creeping independence . 
  the area shown as church of greece was independent already in the 1820s , while the rest stayed under ottoman rule for quite some time longer . 
  well , estonia has and has had for a long time , this special drug called fentanyl . 
  which at one point was only used in estonia and russia . 
  clearly the existance of nazi germany was one of the core reasons why nazi germany started ww2 , i was just saying that had eastern europe not shot themselves in the foot interwar , things may have gone a lot differently . 
  yes , czechoslovakkia was one the more successful new states and it still did n't work for them . 
  you were a democracy , but functioning ? 
  you could n't contain slovak and german separatism , which was a result of being a failed state . 
  estonia lost swedish and british support for our independence when p\u00e4ts decided to become a strongmen , poland lost all credibility , when not only were they themselves fascist , but actually invaded czechoslovakkia after hitler did his thing . 
  had czechoslovakkia succeeded in integrating slovaks and sudeten germans into the nation , they could n't have been cracked as they were . 
  and the fact that every country was ruled by nationalist strongmen completely ruined any chance of a unified front against germans or soviets . 
  instead we bickered among ourselves so that our dictators could keep their warm seat until things went bad and they were sent to a not so warm siberia . 
  and the only democratic nation in eastern europe - finland - managed to keep their independence . 
  eastern europe from estonia to yugoslavia failed in the interwar period as democracies and as states of law , which was one of the main reasons we got sandwiched by the two monsters . 
  let 's not make the same mistake again . 
  while an absolutely horrible act of terror , do you think the collapse of 3 buildings and death of 3000 people ( more in longterm health issues ) is going to bring down our civilisation ? 
  as opposed to the tens and hundreds of thousands of homicides happening every year , or the millions of people that die every year from health issues coming from the modern lifestyle . 
  moving too little , eating too much , smoking and drinking . 
  9/11 would be negligible if it was n't for the massive crackdown of civil liberties , multiple foreign wars costing hundreds of thousands of lives and trillions of dollars , that was all brought upon ourselves - the western civilisation - and not the terrorists . 
  it still happens sort of though . 
  there are two types of hydroelectric plants : those that simply let water through and those that have reservoirs . 
  the reservoirs could theoretically be pumped full when other sources provide cheaper electricity ( what you mentioned ) , but even if no pumping takes place , these reservoir plants can simply collect the water while wind and solar provide a lot of power elsewhere and only release the water from the reservoirs into plants when the price is higher ( theres less solar and wind ) . 
  effectively `` collecting '' the energy of solar and wind in those water reservoirs . 
  ohh , the russians itt ... 
  i do n't know the definition of building in this category , but since hungary got a basilica of some kind , i 'd though estonia 's tallest building would then be st. olaf 's church at 124 meters . 
  these conflicts are indeed , at least partly made possible due to the dissolution of ussr . 
  and though the suffering is very much real there , they have all been low-intensity and localised conflicts . 
  clearly this is subjective , but in my opinion there has n't been major violence , especially if i try to compare it to the theoretical violence that would 've ensued , if ussr leadership had n't been willing to let national republics secede ( what if the incidents in riga and vilnius were everyday occurrences in all the republics , instead of one time tragedies ) . 
  what ??? 
  the huge oppressive system that was soviet union with tens of thousands of nuclear warheads , tens of thousands of tanks , airplanes and millions of soldiers , dissolved without major violence . 
  this was a very very very good dissolution . 
  yes , obviously i 'm biased as an estonian , but jeez , we could 've easily had millions of dead people lying around . 
  the previous time russia dissolved , there was 4 years of civil war with literally millions of dead , with tens of different factions vying for control . 
  i 'm not sure if mughals can project its power much , due to its location . 
  but it seems by far the strongest nation on earth ? 
  should drop $ 200 , $ 20 , $ 2 coin , 20 and 2 cents for that . 
  would n't be too bad . 
  pool on perses , pool on alles . 
  this is seriously an estonian national dogma/spirit . 
  e-voting is the bestest and safest form and if you disagree with that you are a traitor/russian-chauvinist/live in the stone-age . 
  during the last 10 years , only negative opinion about e-elections in estonia came from the pro-russian opposition party ( that got the least votes during e-elections ) . 
  and even though they have now come to power , they seem to have adopted the previous governments dogmas . 
  there was n't many russians in lithuania to start with . 
  also most of those that did leave probably left in the 90s already . 
  for estonia example , more russians are emigrating to estonia today than the other way around . 
  nah . . , you 're basically little-england . 
  for me , sweden feels like little-england . 
  they have their fairly popular monarchy that reminds them of their glorious imperial past , as opposed to the rather quaint and neutral/isolationistish today . 
  lots of old buildings and even the new buildings are mostly from 70s . 
  sweden also used to drive on the left . 
  sweden has always seemed pleasant and friendly . 
  not quite like our brothers in finland , but not too distant . 
  everyone here knows about astrid lindgred : pipi , blomkvist , bullerby , karlsson . 
  our recent national tragedy , the sinking of ms estonia , is a shared tragedy with sweden . 
  so i like sweden . 
  the same way a snowy and cold winter does n't disprove climate change , a heat wave in another place does n't prove it either . 
  climate is a long term thing , weather is temporary . 
  does pori also mean `` mud '' in finnish ? 
  well i happen to live 250 km from the russian border and not by my choice . 
  the scales are not comparable at all . 
  largest nato exercises near russian border ( 500 km i believe ) are allowed to be and are conducted at 13 000 participants ( while vast majority of exercises are far smaller than that ) . 
  russia 's yearly ( or like every four years ) zapad consists of 100 000 soldiers . 
  racism and xenophobia is strong in most of europe . 
  baltics have the russians ( or poles for lithuania ) , hungary has issues with trianon ( hungary is possibly the most naziest country in europe at the moment ) . 
  the whole of central/eastern/sounthern europe is racist towards the roma . 
  yugoslavia ... well they 've had nationalist wars in the past few decades . 
  western europe is turning ever more racist from the both real and perceived threat from immigration and terrorism . 
  we still have scotland , catalonia and the basques as potential sources of separatism in the near future . 
  we do n't buy financial electricity from russia but we definitely do import and export physical electricity to and from russia . 
  we may be self sufficient in terms of yearly net generation/consumption of power , but we still need a huge network to synchronize our grid to . 
  so far , from historically developed infrastructure we were part of the russian grid . 
  from an energy independence view it 's not all so clear the decision actually changes that much . 
  because for russia to switch estonia off of the synchronization as an aggressor would entail collapsing a lot of russian own grid as well . 
  sort of . 
  there have been some semi-serious talks about building our own nuclear plant or in common effort with either finns or lithuanians . 
  the lithuanian project died because of a lithuanian popular vote . 
  our own project is most likely above our weight . 
  we have almost no local know-how on such a thing .
