  you 're absolutely right . 
  not only could 've they not voted , they could 've voted someone else . 
  and not all 15 million kurds are adult voting-age people . 
   if they say they did n't , i tell them to shut up because they made no attempt to change the people in power so they ca n't complain about them . 
  or it 's the opposite . 
  you ( the one who voted the people in ) have no right to complain as you did the bloody electing . 
  those that did n't elect them have every right to complain as they never legitimised the people in power . 
  it means that there is no fucking bananas in the nation so that hundreds of people line up to get some . 
  that 's embarrassing as it states how failed of a state the su really was . 
  finland ( and to a lesser extend the baltics ) were by far the most educated part . 
  probably 95 % of people were literate in 1900 in the west russia , while the rest of russia was below 50 % . 
  the german ( and swedish ) nobility enjoyed a wide economic autonomy and western russia was were industrialisation began first . 
  tthey 're still about the 4th or 5th overall tradepartner . 
  they used to be much more important , but the situation just is n't stable enough force trade to prosper . 
  has n't been since the 90s . 
  both for financial and political reasons . 
  also you have to understand we 're a mere 2 hours from helsinki and 20h from stockholm by boat , the most energy efficient means of transportation . 
  germany is also not far away and even london is about as far away from us than moscow is . 
  russian tourism is fairly important in estonia . 
  not major , but important none-the-less, 
  estonia does n't even control our own airspace . 
  nato planes are guarding it and will only engage in case of a nato decision , not an estonian one . 
  but it is n't arbitrary that 's the point . 
  a new organism with unique genetic code starts developing from a single combined cell of its parent cells . 
  the only logically coherent solution . 
  any other point of beginning is arbitrary ( claiming physical separation , creation of nervous system or having feelings are all progressively more arbitrary ) . 
  what you people need to understand is that ending a life is not the worst of all possibles . 
  if you need to define life so as to be narrow enough to warrant not feeling bad about abortions , then you need to find other principles to define things on . 
  i just want people to be honest about what they 're arguing for . 
  arguing for abortion is arguing for ending a life on mothers will . 
  now we can probably both agree that this is justified in a number of occasions ( fetus is young , has genetic disease , is a threat to mother 's life etc. 
  ) , is ambigious in a number of occasions ( mother wants to end the life without any particula reasons besides not wanting the child ) and some are outright non-justifiable ( fully developed healthy fetus - say end of third trimester , on a sudden impulse of the mother ) . 
  we do n't need to try and define the beginning of life as something that helps us justify abortion , but instead we need to look at the morality of willing ending of someone else 's life . 
  with abortion we have inevitably two different moral statements : the right of the mother to control her body and the right of the unborn fetus to its life . 
  and in some situations these two rights are inherently contradictory and ca n't be both fulfilled . 
  we probably intend to minimise the harm and maximise the benefit or in other words decide which right is more important ( and what potential consequences each action brings ) . 
  with a young fetus , that has n't developed most of the bodily function , it does not feel pain , or fear . 
  and the uncertainties about the future are very large : will it develop diseases , will it even survive up until birth , are the parents ready to become parents etc. 
  the older the fetus becomes , the stronger its human traits become . 
  the less uncertainty there is and the more conscious the fetus becomes . 
  this means that while in the early stages of pregnancy , it is fairly simple to argue for the mothers stronger rights and the later the pregnancy the opposite . 
  but if you really think that the beginning of life should still be defined as something else and other than `` feel-good '' reasons then please let me know what these arguments are . 
  not her life per se , but rather her right to her body . 
  life does start at conception , it 's just some lives are less important than others . 
  well , no . 
  france 's system is just fucked up . 
  most democratic nations have proportional representation . 
  meaning that if 20 % of voters support a party , they gain ca 20 % of seats in the parliament . 
  makes sense ? 
  well fpp and similar systems mean that most small parties fail to gain any kind of representation . 
  while you may dislike the small parties , saying that this is how `` democracy works '' is just wrong . 
  democracy can work in a lot of different ( and better ways ) . 
  surely i would have preferred a peaceful disintegration of these empires , but that 's not something that was likely to happen . 
  even the instances of peaceful disintegrations we see ( colonial empires of britain and france ) were primarily caused by the impact that the world wars had on these empires . 
  the war was an inevitability and the results of that war were as good as they possibly could 've been . 
  i absolutely disagree , the violent destruction of these empires was vastly better than their hypothetical peaceful continuation . 
  the horrors of fascism/nazism grew from ultra-epirialistic nations of italy and germany , communism in the still massive soviet union . 
  and not the previously disenfranchised small nations . 
  i am fairly certain that those nations that did n't , at least for a few years , gain their first independence in the years during/following ww1 will never have a state of their own , as after that , their cultures simply got destroyed . 
  20th century is the century of mass media , a bland media , a time when a peaceful destruction of cultures is easier than ever . 
  without the ww1 , i would not be here . 
  so i disagree . 
  lolwut , if russia says you pay double to get gas or we wo n't sell and they are the only supplier you just pay the price . 
  saying it has n't happened in ee is delusional . 
  we 're importing about 50 % of our energy . 
  yes , they were too weak , but do n't think for a second there was n't active mechanisms to try and project power . 
  in fact the usage of soft power ( modern propaganda , gas politics , being friends with nationalists in europe ) came exactly because russia was unable to be a strong power . 
  my `` problem '' with much of modern architecture is the lack of details . 
  while this a result from multiple modern fads ( functionalism , minimalism and simply for being cheap ) , i thing that little details add so much to buildings . 
  it does n't have to be elaborate statues , but even simple geometric patters do a hell of a good job . 
  this is a mixture of 19th century industrial red-block houses and medieval wooden structures . 
  i would consider it very much a mixture of different eras . 
  so you looked at my comment and found that the most unlikely to happen ? 
   not without some substantial changes in the current environment . 
  oh absolutely . 
  but let 's take a real worst scenario ( from the top of my head ) . 
  within 18 months , uk leaves the eu , catalonian independence movements becomes violent . 
  migrant crisis continues to undermine the eu , schengen is temporarily suspended . 
  terrorist attacks every week or two lead to rapidly increasing xenophobia , that brings a lot of anti-muslim , racist , random violence . 
  the eurozone expereineces another hit when the greece topic comes up again , eventually braking the euro with several members `` temporarily suspended '' that leads to many nations leve euro voluntarily . 
  some eu countries restore full border control , their own currency and de facto leave the eu : the syrian war expands . 
  into turkey between the kurds and the turkish state . 
  into iraq between the kurds and the iraqi state , into lebanon and jordan as the millions of syrian refugees lack decent standards to live and many of whom are also extremists . 
  israel gets into the mix as palestinians in lebanon and jordan are radicalised . 
  this means one things , nato troops on the ground . 
  lot 's of them . 
  some other conflict erupts ( say in south sudan , or nigeria , or mali , or lybia again ) that also requires direct military involvement . 
  the us has a 2-wars policy . 
  which basically means they have to have the capabilities to simultaneously fight two significant wars around the world . 
  these two conflicts mean that the us power projection capability is pretty much used up . 
  and in this situation ( with also the economy going into the gutter again ) , russians in narva rebel . 
  firstly initiated by some radical estonian russians and supported by russian specops . 
  men in unmarked clothing wearing russian military equipment . 
  estonia is incapable of braking the rebels down and the rebels advance into tallinn ( about 50 % of tallinn residents are non-estonians , mostly russians ) . 
  nato meanwhile is caught up in multiple foreign wars , eu is busy not dying opmletely . 
  could this be a situation , where some nato and eu members decide , that estonia is not worth protecting ? 
  is this situation realistic , i do n't know ? 
  is it impossible ? 
  if you 'd have green men and green tanks standing in narva and a referendum is held , the vast majority will support joining russia . 
  with situation changing , peoples ( public ) support also changes .
