  dude , cut your illusions a little bit , or check actual figures . 
  czech republic has a higher gdp per capita , higher real wages , higher hdi , pretty much better everything . 
  gavelkind is actually a system only found in parts of england and ireland . 
  ck2 has a lot of historical inaccuracies to make the game work . 
  edit : meaning they take mostly french and english feudal systems and apply them to entire europe , middle-east , central asia . 
  that just is n't correct , but makes sense as a gameplay simplification . 
  germany was one of the last feudal systems to consolidate around a national state in europe . 
  the feudal system originating from the middle ages is a system in which land and lordship is hereditary , meaning passed down in a family line . 
  this , coupled with marriages between different houses resulted in the inheritance of fairly separated masses of land . 
  of course , conquest still happened and that smoothed the borders somewhat , but not in the way we think of countries now . 
  with the rise of nationalism , the feudal system and old lords lost their importance and the driving force behind a country was now a nation . 
  these nations could be distinguished by slightly stricter lines and after a few centuries of warring and ethnic cleansing the borders have become nice a clean . 
  exactly , we have a ferry connection that goes every 2 hours and sails for 100 minutes . 
  the tunnel with at best save people 1 hour at most . 
  it 's just never ever going to cover that cost if we add alternative costs to the deal ( what else we can do with 10 billion euros and a functioning ferry system ) . 
  you 're right . 
  people just think that if something sounds cool it must be profitable !, 
  finally a word of reason . 
  come on , connecting the entire british isles ( and especially london ) with mainland europe ( especially paris ) is not comparable to 4 million people in 200 km radius ( a stupid example to even bring as there 's literally no point in mainland europe where you could n't draw that circle . 
  saying that it wo n't kill the ferry business is the stupidest thing i 've heard . 
  the very core idea of the project is to provide a superior alternative to ferry business . 
  there 's no way that both the current ferry industry and the much more cheaper and effective ( otherwise what 's the point ) tunnel can be profitable . 
  no we have n't actually prepared at all . 
  we should have built storage , but we have n't . 
  and before 1939 estonia was exporting gas to soviet union . 
  though , to be fair , russians would just say : `` look what you did in iraq '' or bring numerous other examples where the west has n't been exactly playing by the book . 
  yeah , i 'm waiting for the time i 'm 70 years old and can visit the glorious independent and sovereign republics of abkhazia and south-ossetia . 
  like there 's a difference . 
  the problem stems from the disparity of freedom of speech in europe and the government controlled propaganda system in russia . 
  europe has no way to shut off that propaganda without going against their own principles of free speech . 
  while our principles do n't work in russia , as it simply has no influence there due to gay-euro-nazi-jew appearance . 
  edit : any counterarguments ? 
  have you heard about implications ? 
  an undertone ? 
  in balance liabilities equal assets , so maybe they do so in geopolitics as well ? 
  seriously ? 
  latvia only exists in estonian media to measure estonian grand dick to . 
  lithuania is a trickier case as they actually are somewhat more successful then us . 
  mbts are not especially meant to fight terrorists either though . 
  i do n't get your sarcasm , they very much do that anyways . 
  you still have the purchasing power , which means the few potato they have , you can have them . 
  that 's not gothic . 
  no , the solution would be to make a lower rate for some goods . 
  for example if the vat on food and utilities was 0 % and 9 % then the effective vat for poor people becomes lower , while not targeting luxury goods . 
  besides we already have a lower income tax for those with little income ( the tax free minimum currently is 144 euros , but all potential coalition parties support raising it to at least 300 euros , perhaps up to 500 euros ) . 
  although i do n't inherently reject the idea of progressive income tax with more differentiations . 
  a hypothetical situation : a poor person who earns 1000 euros a month and rich person who earns 10 000 euros a month . 
  they both need to eat , they need housing and utilities . 
  let 's say the poor person spends 300 on food , 500 for housing and 200 for other services . 
  he has no money to invest and consumes for 100 % of his income , meaning his propensity to consume is 1 . 
  for every euro earned , he will consume 1 euro . 
  now , the rich person spends more on everything : 1000 euros for food , 1000 euros for housing , 1000 euros on a car , 1000 euros on travleing and 1000 euros for everything else . 
  he also has 5000 euros left which he invests . 
  meaning his propensity to consume is 0,5 : for every euro he earns , he consumes 0,5 euros and invests 0,5 euros . 
  let 's assume a flat vat of 20 % ( realistic in the eu ) . 
  therefore the poor person pays for vat 20 % of 1000 euros = 200 euros and 20 % of his income . 
  the rich person will pay for vat 20 % of 5000 euros = 1000 euros , which makes 10 % of his entire income . 
  therefore the effective tax rate of vat for the poor person is 20 % and for the rich person only 10 % . 
  in regards to the corporate tax , i agree , there is no single good solution , as every solution has it 's flaws . 
  however the problem can be made smaller . 
  i know it 's a joke and i think the nordic crosses are quite nice , especially since it came from estonia  about taxation , i somewhat agree , but i think there are far worse problems in our tax system than the flat income tax rate . 
  a ) 33 % social tax is too high and directly hits the `` job creators '' b ) regressive vat , since poor people have a larger propensity to consume than rich people , then they pay a larger proportion of their income to taxes . 
  this can be countered by both a progressive income tax , but also vat reductions to consumer goods such as food for example . 
  c ) the lack of taxing foreign capital outflows . 
  currently international companies ( mainly swedbank and seb ) take out their profits from estonia tax free by giving low-interest loans to their parent companies in foreign countries . 
  since there is no corporate tax rate they do n't pay the income tax either , since they never take out their profit in estonia , but loan it out to other countries . 
  d ) the lack of corporate taxes . 
  it might not be problem if it worked as it 's intended . 
  the justification for this is that re-invested capital is not taxed . 
  but it 's like killing a man while trying to kill the fly on his forehead . 
  the solution is just too wide , it makes no difference between re-invested profit and profit moved out from estonia ( look at point c ) . 
  i consider myself an economic liberal and it 's because i think we should n't increase the government spending , but the current taxation system is hurting us in many ways . 
  that 's the problem though . 
  our flag is much nicer without that christian thingy on top . 
  perhaps nordics will advance one day enough to drop their religious fundamentalism and come over to the secular side . 
  democratic process is not just the physical voting part , it 's also about the freedom of the media , freedom of speech and ability for the opposition to exist . 
  russia lacks in all of these regards and therefore it does not count as a democratic process . 
  north korea also has elections and multiple parties , but it 's not a democratic process . 
  or if you insist that this kind of pseude/facade democracy is real , then the word democracy changes its meaning . 
  heard this as well . 
  the reason you should be on top of the rifle is to keep the rifle safe :d, 
  stalin had a huge approval rating as well . 
  and it was real in the sense that people really loved him . 
  did n't make him any less of a dictator . 
  well , nobody likes deserters . 
  the sanctions are working, 
  thanks !, 
  while i was writing the comment i was thinking if i should check the dictionary for that word or not , but decided not to . 
  perhaps what small countries want usually aligns exactly with what the majority wants ? 
  they just do n't have the guts to stand differently from the majority and will always vote as the tide goes . 
  or what was the methodology in your research ? 
  you 're right in that vetoing right is probably the one single method by which smaller countries in the eu have any kind of power to get what they want and i admire greece for having balls . 
  however some of these threats ( like the recent confiscation and immigration-terror ) are hurting greece more than is helping them . 
  the current mentality is very positive ( overall ) , but just a year and a half ago ( before the crises in ukraine ) our defence minister was lamented for even suggesting that us ( or other nato troops ) should and could be positioned here . 
  so the public opinion can change quickly , although i do n't see it changing anytime soon due to russia . 
  language family does n't really matter . 
  i guess it 's rather difficult , but i 've seen people learn it in a few months . 
  a lot of words are german or russian in origin . 
  no real reason for that number . 
  it got converted from estonian kroons to euros in 2011 and might have been nudged a little after that .
