i dont know . 
  they arent exactly predictable kind of lads . 
  you mean london ? 
  today `` european of the year '' , tomorrow `` god-emperor of mankind '' . 
  e tu , secular doctor ? 
  well i am 100 % percent sure that those churches will re-open again but , not gon na lie , there may be a hidden agenda about these seizures . 
  all mosques in tr belongs to the state by law . 
  state appoints imams , takes care of the bills etc. 
  so , best case scenario ; seizures are temporary to avoid court battles ( those are considered historical buildings ) . 
  worst case scenario ; state will try to take over the christian religious affairs . 
  whenever i start to feel like i understand nuclear physics , it always turns out that i do n't . 
  http://youtu.be/otkl5x72nic i learned it from this ted talk . 
  maybe i misunderstood though . 
  i would n't worry . 
  it is most likely due to renovation project . 
  if im not mistaken this has happened with some churches in south and they gave it back after the work is finished . 
  edit : it is always amusing to see someone , somewhere gets mad enough to downwote every comment in my history just because they are disagreeing with me . 
  thorium will revolutionise the nuclear energy . 
  not only it is more efficient than uranium ( something like 800gr being equal to tens of kilos ) , the end product after harnessing the energy is uranium !, 
  my remark was on its counterproductivity rather than its legitimacy . 
  during my childhood , these books were much more progressive . 
  i guess they 've been changed by the current govt . 
  it is shameful , if some of those mentioned content is actually included in the school books . 
  i agree on the border thing . 
  in the school books , gen is denied yes but arm hatred is certainly not included . 
  my elementary school history book denied the number given by the arm govt , denied the state involvement in the killings ( it said diseases and gangs were responsible ) and countered the accusations with arm village raids . 
  basically passed the ball to someone else . 
  but never ever said anything bad about arm . 
  an average turk 's thought process is this ; - if im going to apologise , they should too . 
  - we 'll have to give them land , money etc if we ever recognise . 
  i think , this could be awfully wrong tho , achieving understanding in the `` people '' level will lead to recognition . 
  but this wont happen when a random armenian fires a shotgun to tr embassy at moscow for example . 
  things like this pushes people like me , who recognises the gen , to deny it for political reasons . 
  if this was 1950 , i would be supporive of official recognition , but a lot of stuff happened since and this has to happen in both ways now . 
  ( for the record , there are people who see this whole thing as an imperialist plot to undermine tr , i wont deny their existence . ), 
  yeah i totally forgot that nk got hot again . 
  the flag thing is only important on the `` people '' level . 
  it is really easy to shut down someone saying `` they dont hate us , they just want us to recognise thats all '' with the photos of angry mob burning a flag or holding an insulting sign or arm soldiers shouting about drinking turkish blood or whatever . 
  erdogan is not the first leader who denies the genocide , nor he will be the last . 
  he is not the key to the acceptance . 
  i hope this time they wont burn a flag , as they do every year , for it undermines their cause . 
  these people , armenians , seem to not realise they are holding the key to the acceptance in the state level . 
  you should seriously look into internal kck power struggles in the 90s when pkk , often by violence and executions , dominated the kurdish armed struggle scene . 
  pkk never let any other entity besides itself to exist . 
  is has never claimed responsibility for any bombings inside tr either but , it is common knowledge at this point that they were responsible . 
  i give you all the evidence you could find in a suicide bombing to an army checkpoint in one of the most hardcore pkk cities in tr , showing you the amonium nitrate based bomb which is notorious for its extensive usage by pkk , on top of that the incident happens right after the ceasefire with pkk has ended , yet you demand more . 
  but you guys would call '' turkey = is '' in the slightest suspect . 
  bravo . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/aug/02/turkish-troops-killed-suicide-attack-blamed-on-pkk perhaps you should know better . 
  not gon na make a political comment but only going to point out a major logical flaw in the article ; why would anyone declare curfews for no reason . 
  true . 
  i dont want to say french intelligence was incompetent but , because of the very nature of these raid type attacks , only they could 've stopped them before the attack happened . 
  once it starts , god help your poor soul . 
  that reminds me ; have you ever been in an unfortunate situation to use a fire extinguisher ? 
  i hope you wont , ever . 
  the instructions on the can clearly suggests that you should n't mindlessly unload the whole thing directly into the fire . 
  it says that you should instead start spraying into source of the fire like a leaking gas pipe for example . 
  you should only then move over to rest of the fire once source is eliminated . 
  i remember this exact words . 
  do you just copy-paste this comment lol . 
  and the website is finnish . 
  scandinaviaception . 
  we will welcome you in r/bitcoin, 
  with this detention rate , it will happen before tomorrow lol . 
  true that . 
  you will see a lot of these people going back to their usual life . 
  right now erdo is shit scared and angry af , understandably , attacking pretty much everyone who even came 500meters close to a gulenist . 
  is basically what you 've said . 
  probably the same low grade shwag erdo 's nephew sells . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/default.aspx?pageid=438&amp;amp;n=prime-minister8217s-nephew-arrested-for-drug-trafficking-2010-02-12 ), 
  sure whatever you say bud . 
  so , let me get this straight . 
  * taf goes in to kill pkk militants , but also kills civilians in process . 
  therefore taf are terrorists . 
  * pkk goes in to kill taf officers , but also kills civilians in process . 
  but pkk are not terrorists . 
  get out of here with your bullshit . 
  just yesterday 4 civilians died along with 7 officers in a car bomb attack . 
  shit , right . 
  i misremembered . 
  not that i disagree with you , in this particular incident , he is trying to turn turkey to china , with lots of underqualified workforce , ready to work in manufacturing industry . 
  god-emperor erdo is actually an albanian . 
  allegedly the pics are from ; * m\u00fcnster - germany * cologne - germany * paris - france * stockholm - sweden * amsterdam - holland * unidentified location in canada * unidentified location in norway * unidentified location in belgium * source : https://twitter.com/jenanmoussa*, 
  a thug is perhaps the most accurate way to describe samil tayyar . 
  how did you get past the security all the way to my door you peasant ? 
  just erdo\u011fan trying to get in . 
  me too bud . 
  kolokotronis mustache haunts me in my dreams . 
  again with the `` greeks would colonise the sun if it werent for ottomans ? '' . 
  well to be fair you guys had a basic understanding of steam and hydrolics a thousand years before the english . 
  frankly , i dont think a grexit would be necessary . 
  imo greece should exit the `` eurozone '' , then devaluate its currency and endure the bumps for a few years . 
  also an economy based on agriculture and tourism can only thrive so much . 
  greece needs an industrial revolution of its own . 
  the thing with tr govt is that they are never transparent in these issues . 
  insider journalists here say that the sof infiltrated is territory from the rebel side to identify fronts and rocket launchers , then laser painted them for coalition to strike , ultimately decreasing pressure on the rebel pocket in nw syria . 
  now this would 've been a good , transparent information for public disclosure . 
  instead they always say like `` we bombed the shit out of is , 8734 terrorists dead . 
  period . '', 
  by doing this , they diminish the reputation of the army internationally .
