   tea is the way you heathens !, 
  have i found my lost brother from birth ? 
  i always found it amusing how obssessed the western world has been lately with foreign , exotic people , both men and woman . 
  it really reflects itself with social phenomenons like yellow fever , or mail-order brides for former-su women . 
  are genuinely conservative people really endangered in the west ? 
  because that 's what i see that both men and woman are looking for in foreign partners . 
  was it because the territory was fully russian ? 
  wait , what territories did the baltic states lose because of russia ? 
  ouch , labelling hungary as slavic . 
  pretty sure they 'd rather be classified as balkan instead . 
  lots of anti-eu comments i noticed in this article , but the trend seems to portray western europe as abusing the poorer , desperate eastern europeans for their own benefit . 
  really makes me wonder how refugees and illegal immigrant from outside the eu fare in comparison . 
  i thought rapunzel was a german fairytale . 
  how can you know if they 're tartars just from the images ? 
  indeed it does , so calling china multi-ethnic in a quantifiable meaningful way is useless . 
  apart from ethnicity that is mostly cultural , 70 % of its population is a native mandarin speaker , with pretty much all of the rest speaking it as a second language . 
  religiously they are also very homogenous , with 73 % unaffiliated or adhering to traditional chinese religions like confuciansim or taoism . 
  15 % are also buddhist , which is also a familiar regional ideology . 
  lastly immigration is not even a concern when you consider their massive population . 
   tbh i think the problems caused by climate change may end up being bigger ... and they 'll hit us as well . 
  this . 
  there are already problems with famines in africa , south sudan being the most recent one . 
  droughts , desertification , extreme weather , etc will slowly drain the continent dry if foreign intervention is not swift enough . 
  progressive by near east standards i should meant . 
  tunisia being progressive is surprising . 
  afaik the majority of women celebrate by receiving flowers , chocolate and spending time with their close ones . 
  political activism is not something most women , or people in general , bother with . 
  if swedish law overlooks the minority bias and judge refugees for racism , hate-speech , etc they probably would not get deported , as it constitutes a trifle crime . 
  what is it like living there ? 
  can confirm , we do this in romania too . 
  it seems to be a general eastern european custom . 
  the november bolshevik coup does n't have the same ring to it , sadly, 
  right sr it seems . 
  not just any book , hundreds of millions are emotionally invested in it , some more fanatically than others . 
  the anti-polish sentiment is surprisingly old for germany . 
  at the very least for prussia it existed since frederick the great who was very contemptuous towards them . 
  is n't political circlejerking the natural state of / r/europe ? 
  you 're not alone , i learned how to pronounce it from physics class . 
  what 's wrong with you turkey ?!, 
  not that we are doing much better . 
  any data about it ? 
  too bad our salaries are so miserable that significant numbers of people struggle to put food on the plate daily . 
  - some of the earliest slavs settled around the area after samo 's empire fell in the form of carinthia . 
  - their language is distinct from the serbo-croatian dominant area alongside with macedonian . 
  - their nation is often confused with slovakia . 
  the similar names have something to do with their legacy as the purest of slavic nations i believe . 
  that 's why you take the diplomatic idea for faster envoy travel !, 
  china would own most of asia , africa and america by the end of the decade . 
  in hindsight , it probably would 've been better if ataturk kept his power knowing how turkey would end up decades later . 
  i assume the german empire & prussia , since that 's around when the german identity started taking off . 
  the hre might be too antiquated and obscure while post-wwi germany and hitler are things they might want to stay away from to uphold their image . 
  he has the best words too . 
  casanova ai n't got nothing on his flirting . 
  how dare they disrespect chad and their national identity . 
  assuming that nation states have n't collapsed into anarachy and tribalism yet . 
  so much optimism . 
  yet more and more imperialistic , islamic , intolerant values seem to be taking hold in a nation whose founding father had contradicting ideals . 
  japan always delivers ... 
  i assume the peninsula is more conservative then ? 
  especially when olaf takes all the good women ... 
  where are all the redheads at is what i wan na know . 
  so it has come to the point where game developers have to defend their artistic expression because it does n't fit a particular political agenda ? 
  as donald trump would say : sad !, 
  you 'll be needing some moldovan lessons first !, 
  not everyone , afaik serbia and romania have had good relations for many decades . 
  if we 'll have a post-scarcity world communism would most likely be the best solution . 
  when 99 % of the world will be unemployed an universal income and equal distribution of resources is a no-brainer . 
  the few german tourists i 've met in transylvania were very polite and compliant . 
  to each their own i guess . 
  their huge territory , big population and nuclear arsenal wo n't be going away anytime soon . 
  as long as russia still has these basic three things , it can still be relevant and catch up . 
  it really makes me wonder if things would 've been better if all the former block countries formed an organization to manage their affairs better , sort of like v4 . 
  why is that particular part of the country popular with tourists ? 
  ca n't believe there 's no dig towards the ( former ? ), 
  german minority living in the south of the peninsula, 
  i like how they put prussia on the map . 
  y' know , just for bonus far-right points . 
  never change ` murica . 
  you 'd think lativans would hate germans for their baltic crusades . 
  i was gon na reply that the statistic seems rather dodgy to me , but you got me covered . 
  muslims from other countries , especially se asia , are radically different from migrants and refugees . 
  not even european muslims ( tatars , albanians , bosnians ) compare to the ones we 're importing . 
  are the other maghreb countries just as bad or is it a specific thing ? 
  i genuinely do n't know much about them . 
  wait , how is hungary last ? 
  i thought german education was pretty strong over there . 
  this kind of irredentism fueled by ethno-nationalism is no longer deemed acceptable in the contemporary world . 
  everyone has a beef with someone else over righteous claims , and simply accepting some of them would set a dangerous precedent that it 's an acceptable action which would destabilize many countries . 
  realistically , borders can not be set in stone , but it 's in everyone 's interest to pretend they are simply for the sake of stability and diplomatic relations . 
  it 's not about how strong is the claim , but how strong is the country on the global stage and their political will . 
  romania has a pretty strong reason to incorporate moldova , but tensions with russia through transnistria and the effort required do n't allow it . 
  you want to sanction the third largest producer of gold in africa and one of the poorest country in the world over some migrants ? 
  that 's not a wise move , especially when you consider that it has pretty much no industry or service sector , and is heavily tied with france due to its past . 
  eu wide sanctions would pretty much destroy this country while removing cheap goods from europe 's market . 
  someone failed at geography ... 
  when will they solve the nagorno-karabakh debacle ? 
  will they respect azerbaijan 's sovereignty or the ethnic armenian 's rights ? 
  that 's what you get for historically using the area as an inhuman priso-i mean internal exile . 
  but in all seriousness , it 's amazing how places like novosibirsk , omsk managed to sprout and flourish despite all the criminal background and minority issues . 
  although it 's still not as a successful story as australia .
