  but male pattern baldness is pretty common , roughly 70 % of men will suffer from it . 
  also hair is not really the defining male aspect , compared to women where it 's more valued . 
  wait , so ukrainians are basically the descendants of cossacks and turkic people who lived in the area along with some poles/lithuanians ? 
  if there is one thing i love about the british , it 's their historical ability to deliever satire . 
  onii-san is older brother , although it 's formal . 
  ani is more informal . 
  onee-san is older sister formal , one is more informal . 
  got a source for that genetic claim ? 
  i assume this event is closely monitored by lifeguards . 
  otherwise adamant non-swimmers could use a float and/or shoulder inflatables . 
  then i do n't like it . 
  it would be better if they were put at the bottom of the comment section and marked inappropriate by them or smth among the lines . 
  then i could at least click to expand them and see what the conversation was about and judge for myself . 
  imo , only the commentator should be able to delete their comments like that . 
  still playing the divide and conquer tactic adopted from the russians i see . 
  like calling the dialects of persian tadjik , of turkish azeri , etc. 
  ` moldovan ' and romanian are the same language , and anyone you ever hear calling the former a language is either misguided or has an agenda . 
  still have to catch up on the us . 
  people have their right to privacy . 
  if they want to delete the comment for whatever reason they see fit , they should be able to do so . 
  although i personally would have liked to read what they wrote . 
  they were n't serbs , just slavs . 
  ethnic identities would form later . 
  and it was at the end of the 6th century that they settled the area around the dinaric alps according to the byzantines , which is before the magyar conquest and settlement around the 9th and 10th century . 
  serbs , or more accurately slavs , but calling dibs based on who arrived first in the region is not really viable anymore . 
  we can use that logic and [ justify half of europe belonging to the celts for example . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/celts ), 
   you can do it guys !, 
  ira believed so too . 
  austria and germany are not allowed to unite , but the similarities are there without a doubt . 
  same for the other two . 
  if they want to unite they can do it with a referendum easily . 
  it 's in every country 's interest to maintain its geopolitical power and develop , so i do n't see why ethno-nationalistic unions wo n't happen again in the future . 
  same ethnicity , language , religion , culture and shared history . 
  it 's pretty similar to moldova actually . 
  how they do n't have anything to do with the island ? 
  it 's greek in every way from history , to language , culture and religion . 
  conquering and military annexations are not really viable or preferable these days , unless you want to undermine your diplomacy ( see russia ) . 
  a simple unification is more than possible , and most of the world would support greece if it came down to it . 
   only europe is allowed to commit atrocities the balkans and caucasus are calling . 
  with erdogan at the helm , tensions in cyprus wo n't dissipate anytime soon . 
  although not high on international problems , it may reach a climax this century . 
  who knows , maybe greece could get the island back too . 
  well , the ridge is why the island exists , so it 's more like the opposite . 
  most likely the bullets used were shaped so that they do n't pierce through . 
  they are designed like that to maximize internal damage by keeping the bullet inside the body . 
  that way if you do n't die the chemical toxicity of the lead or other type of metal will get you . 
  at least that is my theory . 
  considering it 's the netherlands the sounds must be manly . 
  what 's up with the german tourist stereotype ? 
  why do they frequent beaches on frisia ? 
  do they also visit the kaiser 's tomb ? 
  is berlin the exception here ? 
  from what i know east germany is more traditionalist and right-leaning than the rest , mainly because history but also wealth prospects for foreigners . 
  what about animals ? 
  my ancestors were shepherds , after all . 
  so when did obama dishonestly claim he cares about syrian people ? 
  also , there 's no point in comparing the two since trump is barely starting his presidency , so i will hold my judgement for now . 
   viii .2 ( in the basilica ) ; 1904 : o walls , you have held up so much tedious graffiti that i am amazed that you have not already collapsed in ruin . 
  same could be said for contemporary arhitecture . 
  it 's really amusing to see the similarities with modern grafitii , esecially the love stuff . 
  i never heard the word curvaceous used in a non-human context . 
  it 's like describing someone as durable . 
  seems alien to me . 
  disappearing blonde gene all over again ? 
  is that an euphemism for poor ? 
  it 's okay mate , we 're neighbors . 
  you can tell me ; we understand each other 's plight . 
  they do n't even look turkic anymore !, 
  although i guess that would apply for many turkic people . 
  [ who does n't ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nazi_germany ), 
   which country do you think has the best humour ? 
  germany germany germany germany tough choice . 
  well , it 's an interesting article , i 'll give it that much . 
  although digressing it appeared of decent quality to me . 
  is it better than northern germany though ? 
  germany has quite a few tanks . 
  i suppose the panzer legacy is still strong . 
  to be fair i did hear good things about universities and the like from tartu and tallinn . 
  estonia best at math in europe second to the swiss . 
  who needs nordic when eesti can into calculus ? 
  and here i thought the british were reserved . 
  were the internal conflicts a long time consequence of french colonization or was there some other cause ? 
  to be more helpful , when you open the comment window , there are two little bits of text in the lower right `` content policy '' and `` formatting help '' . 
  clicking the latter will show you the clear instructions for formatting . 
  the object should be classified as a biological weapon and the immediate area quarantined . 
  based dutch . 
  [ 274-275 worst year of my life . 
  can a latin bro join you ? 
  ca n't tell if sarcasm or not . 
  although it was a rather entertaining experience . 
  i remember russian drivers . 
  never again . 
  this should be on my grave . 
  i see the ptsd from the teutons has n't passed away ... 
  you mean the wall that most chinese can bypass with vpn ? 
  russia and china finally got their revenge on the barbarians !, 
  i assume they use the same mentality that was used in the us for justifying lynchings of black people . 
  the verb also seems very out of place to me , although not for the same reasons .
