  i never talked about ethnicity , i did n't even define natives . 
  sweden for example has had historical finnish , saami , danish minorities among others who shaped the country . 
  over time these people mixed with the local dominant culture , or were nativized in other words . 
  in fact finn 's ancestors from many many centuries ago would n't have had [ traits we associate with germanic people today . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b3/map_pigmentation_in_europe.png ) instead they would look more like central asian and siberian populations . 
  you can testify to that by observing the red conglomerations north in scandinavia ( saami ) and around the ural mountains ( uralic populations ) that segregated themselves . 
  when you force foreign populations suddenly and in large numbers you typically get disunity , as i said , due to polarization in an us vs them mentality until a compromise is reached , typically integration . 
  the destruction of the nation can occur with revolutions from said disunity , sometimes with the wiping of the previous culture . 
  i do not belong to my flair either . 
  can i into germanic . 
  looks like darwin was right ^ ^ / s, 
  they still will for many centuries , but they might become a minority in their own country , and that is one of the best ways to achieve disunity and destroying nations in the history . 
  still below the replacement rate of 2.1 sadly . 
  even so , most of these countries have a foreign population with a higher fertility rate than the natives . 
  * ooohhhh *, 
  i do n't understand why your post got downvoted so . 
  that 's just nepotism and corruption at work . 
  we do have our fair share of olympics and quality students , mostly abroad , but on average romanian citizens are pretty weak educationally . 
  from what i 've heard the few students that do perform really well actually use the internet extensively and/or have a quality teacher to train them privately . 
  really puts into perspective our system . 
  the only problem with vocational training is that it 's very discouraged and viewed negatively in general , especially where i 'm from and i assume some former-communist countries . 
  even if you consider the time lost , there is still the diploma , plus a nice addition to the resume , which despite its superficiality makes quite the impression when job-hunting . 
  even so , considering the rise of automation , in a couple decades less-qualified jobs will be dissolved and people will have to adapt to new demands . 
  so basically : if they do n't want to pay taxes , make them pay the taxes ? 
  i can see a shift of the immigration policy . 
  more people from eastern europe and the balkans will be encouraged to join the west . 
  at the very least , many of those countries have strong relationships with the eu , do not have a severe destabilizing situation ( maybe with the exception of ukraine , which is still faring better than syria or iraq ) and have a similar culture . 
  the thing i am most certain about is that europe as a whole will have to change some of its views on important topics such as islam . 
  i am pretty darn ignorant of american culture , but i always thought that the american dream was on the verge of death ever since the great depression . 
  there are even books like the great gatsby that explore this concept . 
  why only mathematics ? 
  well , since russians wo n't enjoy their own women , i suppose others will have to take care of it  [ too bad for the babushka surplus ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/13/russia_sex_by_age_20150101.png ), 
  should all works be taxed equally ? 
  can you compare a system administrator and miner who say work 8 hours a day and tax them the same ? 
  what about young people that are doing part-time jobs or studying ? 
  what about foreign businesses ? 
  what about inheritances ? 
  what about private informal tutoring that involves interpersonal transactions ? 
  what about tips ? 
  should all tax avoidance practices be punished ? 
  what about organizations that exclusively deal with taxation and other fees ? 
  what are the limits for percentages ? 
  lending ? 
  wages ? 
  what about banks ? 
  should there be job/institutions that are exempt from tax , like churches ? 
  on what basis ? 
  and i could go on . 
  do n't fall for the dunning-kruger effect and underestimate something like economy . 
  yup , it was a bishop complaining in a letter that pagan men were luring christian women away with their `` appealing habit of washing every week and combing their hair daily '' . 
  then again , not so surprising since when it 's so damn cold all the time and you wear thick clothes to avoid dying , grime has to go somehow . 
  also explains the sauna phenomenon . 
  my ignorance in sports shines through . 
  shamed to be of latin heritage . 
  actually , [ these guys ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/68/desertification_map.png ) will probably be first , much to the chagrin of many westerners . 
  judging how he is phoning someone while waiting with the flower in-hand , i 'd venture his situation is n't that rosy . 
  tragic even . 
  so that 's the story . 
  funny how scientific racism can spread . 
  it just had to be that the guy who replied was spanish / s, 
  were n't mongoloids the entire asian ( includes the type that the us describes ) demographic with the squinty eyes ( epicanthic folds ) ? 
  i 've learned it at school for describing races and was never aware the term was a slang in english . 
  i wonder if this has to do with the fact that they 're so good at math and science / s, 
  i 'd argue digi24 and maybe realitateatv are pretty clean . 
  europe has a recent history of playing second fiddle to the us and taking , rather recklessly at times , their lead . 
  well said . 
  the worst source you could get your news from , right up there with stuff like otv . 
  sounds like `` ca\u0219fef '' in romanian . 
  see flair . 
  43 % recent romance loans ( mainly french : 38.42 % ) 20 % inherited latin 11.5 % slavic , including bulgarian , serbo-croatian , ukrainian , and russian 4 % turkish 2.40 % modern greek 2.17 % hungarian 2 % german [ good ol' wikipedia , lexis section ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanian_language ), 
  very true . 
  truthfully it 's not very accurate , but since back in the day the right was associated with pro-monarchy and religiosity ( if you refer to the classical concepts of left-right with the french monarchy ) so imperialism kinda came in the package . 
  imperialism just means `` to extend a country 's power through military and diplomacy '' and may or may not include colonialism . 
  the habsburgs were very imperialistic after all . 
  iranians are n't that brown overall . 
  still , it 's probably just due to old age & genetics . 
  [ he 's actually not . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5e/viktor_orb%c3%a1n_2016-02-17.jpg ) it 's just the lighting . 
  what 's up with hungary and right-wing ideology . 
  you 'd think they learn their history as a european country that experienced the soviet block and lots of imperialism from austria . 
  granted we had the greater romania party and antonescu too , but still ... 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3pwwtqfwacq&amp;t=831s he talks about dhaka towards the end of the video though . 
  more like mommy issues . 
  i 'm surprised it 's a central asian person . 
  the muslims from there tend to be more lax due to the soviet godless influence they had for so long . 
  why are pakistani 's pieces of shit , again ? 
   is n't tunisia the only country that emerged from the arab spring as an improved democracy ? 
  probably exactly this . 
  their traditional way of life and islamic values are threatened and this is their response . 
  bering surrounded by slavs for more than a millenia does that to you . 
  although there \u00ees considerable germanic influence as well . 
  i 'd wager that by 2100 western europe would be too busy dealing with their own version of palestine with self-seggregated muslim communities to even care about african climate refugees . 
   many people did n't receive compensation from those that committed genocide against them which is something that i am somewhat satisfied with . 
  as one user already pointed out such reparations establish transgenerational blood debts for injured parties as a norm . 
  it objectifies the victims and serves to anger the ones who have to pay the burden . 
  nations with unpriviliged positions today can simply abuse this , regardless of what bloody past they may have had . 
  it just promotes more and more victimisation that wo n't lead anywhere . 
  in total germany has payed 71 billion euros in reparations to israel for the holocaust in which 6 million jews died and many others were emotionally and financially scarred . 
  compare that to 28 billion for 85000 people . 
  it seems namibia is more interested in the money than anything else , especially when you consider that many other former-colonial nations never received such reparations from other countries .
