   somalians have many children no matter where they 're at . 
  really . 
  since in somalia the fertility rate is actually [ 6.08 in 2014 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_somalia#demographic_statistics ) while in your statistic for norway it was 4.4 in 2004 . 
   throwing money at native norwegians has n't worked at raising their birth rate is the point i 'm trying to make . 
  it 's not just about money , it 's more complicated . 
  i also do n't understand your fixation with `` native '' norwegians . 
  who does qualify as a native ? 
   well in that case norway should just have open borders and just let everyone in ... why bother ? 
  they can have a bunch of bureaucrats working day and night turning all the rainbow peoples on this planet into `` norwegians '' every day ... 
  this is just idiotic . 
  i 've already explained myself in this regard ; ethnicity is a short-term issue that a country like norway can solve with little difficulty . 
  stereotypes die hard . 
  never hurts to check ~ and yes , i agree . 
  italy has a history with immigrants , muslims especially , so i am not surprised there were no great hurdles . 
  this might help bridge the north-south divide in a couple decades ; you never know . 
  not sure if sarcasm or not . 
  can confirm . 
  i had 1.1 bread today instead of 1 . 
  and ? 
  those are still people being born . 
  ethnicity does n't really matter : they 're norwegians as long as they have the citizenship and call themselves that . 
  [ plus that statistic only goes up to 2004 . 
  ] ( http://www.ssb.no/a/samfunnsspeilet/utg/200604/07/tab-2006-10-10-01.html ) immigrants fertility rates drop and adjust as they integrate ; [ not to mention the growth rate of muslims as a whole is decreasing ; mainly due to an increase in standard of living and education . 
  ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/2011/01/27/the-future-of-the-global-muslim-population/ ), 
  romanian . 
  gypsies . 
  who will invest in africa ? 
  it 's riddled with a vast array of issues , some human-related others not , that do n't make it a profitable and reliable investment . 
  when it comes down to creating extra land , even the netherlands with its extremely efficient and mechanized agriculture , has 1/6 of its area obtained through land reclamation . 
  for now the continent and its 15 % population of the world will have to lag behind and be improved when it becomes profitable , in a sort of trickle down economics . 
   population densities in africa are still quite a notch lower than in europe . 
  you ca n't compare africa to europe . 
  nearly a third of the continent is covered by the sahara . 
  [ their climate is terrible . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/climate_of_africa ) [ they have nearly no arable land , something that is exacerbated by desertification . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/85/arable_land_percent_world.png ) the vast majority of the world 's population lives in the northern hemisphere , and that wo n't change anytime soon . 
   what it needs is better management . 
  agreed . 
   it needs stable countries and economies that can put their energy into increasing agricultural production ( a lot of african ag is still subsistence farming which is ridiculously inefficient ) of course they practice subsistence farming . 
  their continent is terrible for agriculture , and technology can only improve percentages so much , at the very least for the upcoming decades . 
   and creating a secondary and tertiary sector . 
  this is what they need . 
  we are n't helping them much . 
  * edit : fixed my sources, 
  the transition is difficult . 
  we ca n't keep up our pace without people fueling the economy and respectively the sciences . 
  japan is a good example where automation has been fighting demographics , but it may not last forever . 
  it 's not really about more people , just breaching the gap to the replacement value for developed countries and improving the developing countries who suffer terrible conditions and overpopulation . 
  [ our population is already decreasing in terms of growth . 
  ] ( http://www.worldometers.info/world-population/#growthrate ), 
  great post , but i would argue that what is said about scandinavia in the article , how they mix parenthood with work shows true in statistics regarding fertility rates . 
  their system seems something other developed countries should seek , if only to delay the issue for a couple more decades if nothing else . 
  but how can we introduce more authoritarian measures regarding family planning without falling down a slippery slope similar to last century ? 
  does it all come down to population growth in europe , or developed countries as a whole ? 
  there are regions that desperately need better life conditions and less people , like africa . 
  so should we sacrifice our individual freedom and start enforcing rules about family planning like china does ? 
  i am not sure financial ( i do n't have enough money , a stable home , etc ) or emotional arguments ( i am too young/immature to have a child , etc ) can hold true forever . 
  immigration or not , we will have to raise our fertility rate to an average of replacement value to be able to compete internationally with places like latin america and asia . 
  any thoughts ? 
  harvesting and purifying it is not profitable ... yet . 
  interesting . 
  afaik romania never did something of the sort prior to wwii , although we did have slavery for gypsies and were segregated in mahalale ( ghettos ) for a good part after we gained our independence from the ottomans . 
  comunism also did n't have much mercy for them paradoxically enough . 
  forced sterilisation in sweden ? 
  selling visas or something among the likes to russian investors who sought easy access to the eu market, 
  so basically what the lithuanians did with russians ? 
  oh , my bad . 
  still , that only makes things worse i think . 
  for young impressionable children obviously . 
  balkan wars , wwi and wwii . 
  the only neighboring country hungary has n't pissed off in its history . 
  granted , we only have serbia too . 
  strange , i never shook hands with my female teachers , even those i got well along with . 
  male teachers is different however . 
  must be a cultural thing i guess . 
  please tell me this is not college . 
  it sure sounds like it to me . 
  you should 've encouraged students to secretly record them , and then get them fired and never allow them in a public educational institute ever again . 
  people die when they drive cars . 
  tens of thousands ever year . 
  so obviously you should never drive a car . 
  similar percentages with drowning . 
  so stay away from reasonably deep bodies of water . 
  thousands of people are murdered on the street every year !, 
  so obviously you should never go outside . 
  this is deplorable , especially when you consider our superb medical system . 
  i personally am not in favor of censorship , but i believe any public anti-vaxx supporters should be banned outright from spreading this stupidity . 
  mainly since it 's not political or ideological , where there is quite a bit of subjectivity , but medical , y' know , biology and chemistry ? 
  good luck trying to come up with solid arguments against one the greatest inventions of humanity . 
   definite probability  might this joke makes no sense . 
  which is ... ? 
  this is why i ca n't agglutinative languages . 
  why you ca n't be like the civilized latins ? 
  please , no . 
  we already have our own problems . 
  we do n't need this disease from the u.s. 
  it 's all the same to an ignorant xenophobe . 
  romanian would probably sound pretty slavic too . 
  nah , i 'm actually referencing to an old misconception regarding natural selection in humans by arbitrary standards , called social darwinism . 
  are you perchance a russian babuskha ?
