  i think simply saying 190,000 ducks dead would be more neutral and journalistic . 
  europe : w-why !? 
  what did we do ? 
  latvia : such is life . 
  it 's simply hypocrisy , but it has to do with the fact that cutting ties with your home country marks you regardless of how much you care about it . 
  the sudden change may affect less adaptable people but leaving your family and friends behind is also painful . 
  in my opinion , this sort of nationalism from abroad is simply a coping mechanism that people use to respond to the stress . 
  at least this is what i gathered from romanian and moldavian diaspora i 've met . 
  well , good it was n't an ethnic german women involved . 
  imagine the outrage for * that * . 
  i do n't know how to feel about this . 
  it 's a top i did n't expect , but hey , at least belgium and czech republic are in top 5 with us !, 
  45 % inheritance tax and possibly three years of taxes for undeclared wealth of his relative ? 
  ouch , talk about a downer . 
  baguette dipped in vodka ? 
  that black/brown contrast is terrible . 
  hard to tell 1990 , 2000 and never apart from each other . 
  romania too . 
  we are both mutts :p, 
  why not estonia ? 
  they can secure more of the area around sankt petersburg that way . 
  although latvia does have its russian minority in the east . 
  those holes in the map are triggering me . 
  i say we go to war to fix the border gore . 
  latvia : best enjoyed slowly . 
  totally not an euphemism . 
  i 'm not qualified to answer this , but i 'm sure there are ways . 
  that still does n't refute his point . 
  an action with `` bad thoughts '' ( think premeditated murder ) will obviously be treated more severely than just an action . 
   everyone is racist to a certain extent , and you can see this from any study on implicit racism . 
  racism is n't just hitler salutes and ` ok ' hand symbols , you know . 
  you should really be wary of making such broad claims about human * attitudes * . 
  these studies on racism , specifically implicit bias , as they call them , have come under heavy criticism . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/beautiful-minds/201101/does-the-implicit-association-test-iat-really-measure-racial-prejudice ) , [ here ] ( http://www.law.virginia.edu/pdf/faculty/reassessingpredictivevalidityoftheiat.pdf ) and [ here ] ( http://www.apa.org/monitor/2008/07-08/psychometric.aspx ) for some examples . 
  i 'm just thinking pragmatically . 
  you first need a regime that is friendly to the eu that is also willing to fulfill its requirements to join . 
  there are many pledges that i feel the russian population would be uncomfortable with , no only ideologically and militarily . 
  energetically you 're right , but the word is increasingly turning to renewables , while russia seems to into salvaging its soviet industry like it was also tried in other warsaw pact countries . 
  i 'm not sure for many decades russia will still be competitive in that domain . 
  and my point about them having a huge amount of influence still stands . 
  assuming that the eu ( minus uk ) remain in a status quo for the following years until russia joins , their country would shift the power too much east . 
  said east that still holds certain opinions in direct opposition to the west . 
  they would no doubt rally against certain decisions from brussels despite their differences . 
  it would be a terrible gridlock . 
  no one wants russia in the eu . 
  their huge population would interfere too much with decision making ( just like turkey would ) . 
  they 'd also be a black hole for eu funds . 
  if you asked a lot of germans , especially young women i noticed , if what these people are doing is moral ( not legal , important distinction ) they 'd say yes . 
  saying this is a conscious direct effort by the germans ( no , no just germany the state , ** germans ** ) is just a pathetic conspiracy . 
  yup i noticed this too . 
  i certainly do not agree with the sentiment that it 's the uk 's duty to welcome refugees from distant affected regions , but the title makes it look like this is some legal obligation with repercussions . 
  in fact , it 's just one guy advising a country to do what he considers the right thing , which is perfectly acceptable to me . 
  since you seem to know antropology , what are main groups of indigenous people in the world ? 
  for example , the indo-europeans are clearly not indigenous to europe since they migrated from an area near the volga/don in modern ukraine/russia . 
  but are they indigenous to that area then ? 
  okay , but what 's wrong with industrial nitrogen ? 
  there 's literally nothing unnatural with the nitrogen resulted from distillation of liquid air or pressurization of gaseous air . 
  it 's even used as an additive in foods for preservation ; accepted by the eu no less , who has reputation for distrusting `` unnatural '' elements in food . 
  also , what kind of pesticides are you talking about ? 
  because the most common one , herbicides are there for killing weeds and other plants that may ruin crops . 
  a lot of natural pesticides are insecticides , since the bugs threaten the plant 's life and reproduction cycle . 
  how are these not unhealthy for humans ? 
  fair point . 
  i remember how people from who had trouble administering vaccines in rural backwater parts of pakistan and nigeria . 
  the locals thought it was some conspiracy to hurt their children . 
  ironic how the poorest and most uneducated hurt themselves and their close ones the most . 
  organic farming is for customers who certainly do not have to worry about shortage of food in their life . 
  they 're rather interested in the quality of the food , so it 's a luxury in that sense . 
  i severely doubt sub-saharan africans are really concerned if their tomatoes are gmo 's or not . 
  what even is organic farming ? 
  natural farming ? 
  do they avoid chemicals in fertilizers and pesticides ? 
  for example nitrates are very simple and harmless fertilizers . 
  what kind of seeds do they use for their crops , to what degree are they allowed to be modified ? 
  does the soil have to have a certain quality so the risks of contamination are minimal ? 
  what about irrigation ? 
  what kind of metals should be used and to what degree of contact ? 
  would n't that make him practically stateless ? 
  the blonde map you see around the internet is based on pre-wwii data , so it 's definitely not accurate today . 
  i do n't think we should judge this map on the same preconceptions , although i do agree it might be a bit old , mainly since such maps are not seen too much in the 21st century . 
  it says scandinavian settlement in the sense that scandinavians ruled that land for a while ( that 's why the rus states are counted all the way the dnieper 's estuary ) . 
  i do agree it 's misleading for a page about viking expansion , but calling it a shitty map is just ridiculous . 
  it reflects north germanic influence and conquests accurately . 
  speaking of serbia . 
  if a war with turkey ( as impossible as that seems ) does happen , realistically , an important factor will be the huge tension with muslims in hot spots like bosnia . 
  another srebrenica on the grounds of collaboration with the enemy is likely , especially when you consider the turks did the same thing in wwi with their minorities . 
  excuse me if i 'm lacking in the history department , but ithought the ddr was very aggressive in pursuing de-nazification . 
  they were communist after all . 
  so how are their policies to blame ? 
  can german law put them out of business for something like this ? 
  then why are there people wishing for a federalization if it 's pretty much impossible ? 
  i do n't understand this . 
  what 's the point if country cliques can just keep vetoing stuff against their interests ? 
  is there any real unity in that case ? 
  it 's the opposite . 
  one of the reasons is affirmative action from communist regimes who encouraged women to participate in the workforce as much as men . 
  at the same time , they needed population growth to sustain the economy , so many countries banned abortion and encouraged families to make children . 
  east germany , for example , explicitly encouraged college-educated citizens to have children , since they were the demographic most likely to have few if any children . 
  many of these authoritarian measures made women miserable . 
   so what exactly are the rewards of resentment ?
