  wait , what ? 
  she literally showed the absolute delusion of canadian professionals and argued at the end why this is wrong . 
  i do n't understand how the second part is relevant either . 
  her arguments still stand , no matter what she does as a person later in life . 
  maybe , but that 's not my point . 
  my point in simple terms is that the west may switch places . 
  no , i 'm just stating that social attitudes are not imperative or set in stone . 
  something that is generally accepted by many sociologists and psychologists . 
  i argued in the second paragraph why this attitude may change . 
  whether racism can be rationalized in the scientific sense or not is not my point . 
   it will never be acceptable . 
  in the west and somewhat latin america at least . 
  significant parts of eastern europe , me , east asia are very tribalistic , particularly outside major urban centers ( even then there are exceptions like japan ) . 
  attitudes like those were also prevalent even in middle of the 20th century in western europe . 
  just because it 's acceptable now does n't mean it will stay forever that way . 
  and considering that climate change will severely affect the welfare of africa and even the me in the following decades , causing mass migrations , i severely doubt that attitude will prevail . 
  this is also from where the portuguese and spanish come from . 
  by romans you mean romanians ? 
  since it 's generally accepted that romanians developed from romanized dacians . 
  there 's even a theory that dacian was related to illyrian , although it 's quite controversial as no one seems to agreed on what family dacian belonged to ( although they unanimously agreed it 's indo-european ) . 
  amusingly enough romania ( if you include them in the balkans that is , as the only part of our country that is generally unanimously agreed to be balkanic is dobruja ) is the country that had the most favorable history in the region . 
  our modern borders for example do n't diverge too much from what the [ dacians had two thousand years ago ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:dacia_82_bc.png ) . 
  we had a couple of nomads after the romans and maintained our medieval states of wallachia and moldavia pretty well , even managed to unite them with transylvania which was under hungarian rule for many centuries . 
  til the greeks are not native to the balkans, 
  ukraine . 
  northern bucovina with the rest of maramures and the chunk south of moldavia that originally belonged to them . 
  looks like they need a [ reconquista ] ( http://www.islamicspain.tv/andalusi-society/spain_caliph_color.jpg ), 
  where did you get that from ? 
  how can he be a marxist when he considered communism a threat to open society ? 
  i have no idea where you come up with these labels . 
  if i did n't misunderstand you ; i severely doubt terrorists in the philippines kill other muslims - especially when you consider 92 % of the population is christian and only around 5 % is muslim , neatly concentrated in the southern part of the archipelago . 
  really ? 
  to me it seemed like you tried to defend persian islam ( really just shia - jaafari islam ) by virtue of its difference from arabic islam ( which school of thought ? 
  or do you mean wahhabism ? ) . 
  in reality , jaafari islam says the punishment is death , just like saudi arabia or isis does . 
  sorry buddy . 
  i love persia too - their history and culture . 
  but alas , iran is an islamic republic today , and they are one of the most intolerant countries in the world as far as homosexuality goes . 
  sharia law is applied , meaning that even in cases such as rape , the rapist and the victim can both be executed . 
  do n't you know ? 
  germany is now a caliphate that supports palestine . 
  i find this joke post really unfunny and in bad taste . 
  yup , you 're right , it 's [ ahvaz ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ahvaz#climate ) in the khuzestan province near the border with iraq . 
  it 's also a dry low area with few thermal escapes . 
  god have mercy on the people living there . 
  i hope it was recorded in some wasteland like the lut or kavir desert . 
  that kind of temperature in a city is disabling . 
  can i get some links ? 
  weird how only now i see posts about this really important law change in germany . 
  important to note both countries are way more authoritarian than germany is . 
  the real foreigners are qualified immigrants who come for the salaries or businessmen . 
  the bulk of those `` foreigners '' are illegals who practically work as slaves . 
  no refugee in germany gets this sort of treatment . 
   they are in a small minority i hope you 're speaking about just the uk , because negative views on homosexuality are definitely not a minority worldwide . 
  apart from the 1,5 billion people in the middle east and africa where opinions are very negative , you have eastern europe , parts of east asia and latin america where there are big divides on the topic . 
  see [ this ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2013/06/04/the-global-divide-on-homosexuality/ ) for more information, 
  probably recording the ground temperature , which is cooked asphalt . 
  the air temperature is around 40 degrees . 
  please do n't dismiss opportunist politicians . 
  especially ones who ride the surge of right-wing populism in europe . 
  by europe you mean the west . 
  if by god the situation somehow gets bad enough for a civil war in the coming decades ( although i highly doubt it and see it as fearmongering personally ) countries like poland , czech republic , hungary will have already left the eu . 
  the straits between the marmara sea are an international zone , though . 
  turkey only has physical control over who crosses them , and even then that is n't enough . 
  one russo-turkish war was started because the russians were denied access through the straits . 
  it 's really a matter of how corrupt the country 's justice system is and diplomatic relations with the arab country in question . 
  certain countries also have different rules for diplomatic immunity . 
  if , for example , prosecuting several royals means worsening relations with one of your key energy suppliers for a couple of aliens the trial will be delayed and sentences lightened . 
  well , according to wikipedia : [ `` archaeological evidence shows population continuity in coastal dalmatia and istria . 
  in contrast , much of the dinaric hinterland appears to have been depopulated , as virtually all hilltop settlements , from noricum to dardania , were abandoned ( only few appear destroyed ) in the early 7th century . 
  '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/croats ) so i was wrong it seems . 
  it also supports the byzantine literature . 
  i do n't know why the region decayed so fast , since the avars have been there for barely a century or so when the slavs arrived . 
  haplogroups describe ancient migration patterns . 
  they do not describe the contemporary genetics of a population . 
  although , i do believe that the dinaric populations did n't change much following the slavic migrations . 
  the area around the black sea ( specifically the north and east ) is more complicated , since for thousands of years the populations around there were nomadic , but i do know that it retained an indo-european core despite the many migrations around the area . 
  it 's also missing greenland , morocco , tunisia , djibouti , a chunk of somalia , anatolia , arabia and the levant + iraq . 
  not to mention there are no internal bodies of water , most jarringly the caspian sea . 
  russia , however , is suspiciously intact ; they even kept their northwestern bits of karelia and kola . 
  a theory is better than nothing . 
  i would n't be surprised if the etymology is wrong , but the origins are definitely old and pagan . 
  most likely balto-slavic if not proto-indo-european . 
  buburuza is not of turkish origin . 
  if you look at the color you see we use a similar name with the lithuanians . 
  it 's proto-indo-european and most likely a very old word , predating christianity at least . 
  i 'm not sure if this has always been the case , but in the orthodox church in romania priests can openly marry . 
  in fact , deacons are unmarried priests . 
  the monastic side is different . 
  you ca n't be a bishop , metropolitan , or patriarch without being a monk . 
  so basically to climb up the clergy ladder you need to be unmarried , otherwise you can only go deacon  priest  parish . 
  source ? 
  because it seems doubtful to me . 
  the question is if a profit-seeking company would ever do this . 
  is selling significantly cheaper products in eastern europe and latin america more profitable than simply keeping western-level prices standard ? 
  you 'll just have a share of your western consumers - who used to buy your relatively expensive products - use the poorer markets . 
  the losses from piracy are not too bad , particularly if they keep lobbying for bans . 
  i know they ca n't get rid of them , but if they convince the masses to turn away from easy & popular sources they managed to cut some of their losses . 
  i 'd wager keeping the status quo and cracking down on illegal content is more profitable than opening way cheaper markets in order to solve piracy . 
  the only good app that allows people to see the world with a few clicks is american tech dominance how ?
