  unless you have the population and communication system to fill out the gaps , you 're not going to have many opportunities for villages and other rural populations . 
  easier to crowd people in a single place and start building the city , especially in the late 19th-early 20th century when hygiene , communication and the like exponentially increased . 
  it has become less of an influencing factor in the contemporary world , but it still applies to poorer , developing countries . 
  * relatively * good government . 
  i mean compared to the rest of europe , even the world , i 'd say it 's definitely up there in the top 10 . 
  stop punishing our greek brothers or else we will stop exporting you our m\u0336i\u0336g\u0336r\u0336a\u0336n\u0336t\u0336s\u0336 delicious food . 
  i wonder how can unemployment even exist in a 300k country about the size of ireland that also has a good government to boot . 
  most likely it 's rural segregated communities or migrants/refugees . 
  just trying to play devil 's advocate here , but did n't britain historically adopt a stand-offish position regarding continental politics ? 
  for example , they were n't as gung-ho as the rest of europe about nazism , and that turned out well for them . 
  maybe their choice is a right one , ideologically speaking . 
  apparently it is in our stereotype that sarcasm is hard to grasp . 
  i am romanian and what is this . 
  eh , from what i heard scottish and irish girls are more fun . 
  must be the pub culture . 
  i thought the stereotype was that british girls are ... so to say , `` multicultural '' , instead of the guys . 
  is there any graph or statistic i can view for the data ? 
  depends . 
  do people want the eu to be the new identity of europe ? 
  despite our idolatry for them , the romans were very imperialistic and imposed their culture over the previous barbarian tribes . 
  we ca n't impose eu on europeans , as seen from the numerous eurosceptics who disagree , and more importantly brexit . 
  the original purpose of the eu was to help rebuild the continent and prevent a new major conflict in the region . 
  now , we 've gone in too deep and are dependable on the eu in many aspects , as we compete with other major powers and try to manage our economy . 
  building a new identity will take decades , if not centuries , and is something that this continent will hopefully experience again , after all the wars and disunity since the romans . 
  darwin sure loves himself some ruskys . 
  what did the honey bee ever do to you ? 
  hopefully r/europe will hit 1m by 2017 . 
  how 's that new world fauna warming up to you ? 
  if it 's any compensation israel/canaan or whatever you wan na call it has been the promised land for thousands of years and people still fight over it !, 
  tacos or uk ? 
  i think a consensus has been reached already , gentlemen . 
  [ it 's a good start . 
  icelanders wo n't be happy about it though . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mid-atlantic_ridge ), 
  to be fair europe has been having an identity crisis since the roman empire collapsed . 
  only 400s kids will get it . 
  and you are fluent in how many of them ? 
  do n't feel bad . 
  most important economies that had a cultural and historical dominance are not very multi-linguistic . 
  china , russia , japan , even france to a degree . 
  they do have the minorities that speak different languages , but the natives not so much . 
  on the other hand places like luxembourg and latvia very much embrace , or at the very least tolerate others cultures . 
  english is very widespread in the eu because it 's so convenient to just have a single language that is already spoken a lot in the world . 
  yet each country still retains its uniqueness in many other aspects . 
  i really am wondering what is the point of these tabloid , sensationalistic posts . 
  they serve no real purpose other than at best a chuckle and a few seconds of intrigue before you leave or a complete waste of time at worst . 
  in soviet russia physics obey you !, 
   did n't have enough players  germany france wut, 
  why not irish . 
  point taken . 
  can we have a miner and soldier join this thread for an anecdote ? 
  maybe miron cozma for former / s, 
  interesting response , and yes i agree , it 's not so simple as to just reduce the issue to finance . 
  hopefully we will see some sharp improvement on the continent in the upcoming decades . 
  should also fix more visible phenomenons to the average westerner , like immigration . 
  at this point , i am not sure where you are trying to go with your rhetoric . 
  you do n't cite any sources for your claims and seem to ignore the arguments i present with solid data . 
  it may just be for the best to agree to disagree . 
  culture and ethnicities change as they should since they are man-made . 
  you are a lithuanian who is fond of what is nordic as a whole , and i understand that . 
  but globalization is as inevitable as the fall of religion . 
  no matter how much you want it to last , those things will blend and fade over the centuries . 
  personally i 'd rather live for the living , not for ideas . 
  knee-jerk reactions are all fun and good until someone breaks a bone . 
   you said throwing social programs at people will make them have more children and you showed rising birth rates in france , sweden , norway as a proof of that . 
  then i showed you that it was n't french or the norwegians who were responsible for the rise in birth rates , but rather the third-world foreigners who have 4 children no matter what economics conditions . 
  despite the fact that population trends are going down among muslims ? 
  yes , immigrants fertility rates are a contribution to natural growth , but those numbers will change over the decades . 
   you 're from romania . 
  i 'm from lithuania . 
  both relatively poor countries . 
  according to your theory , our birth rates should be high ... are they ? 
  yes , * relatively * poor countries . 
  incomparable to war-torn shitholes and africa . 
  [ see for yourself . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2e/countriesbyfertilityrate.svg ) i actually retract my statement about culture , as religion plays a factor into this , but as mentioned in a reply above , this wo n't stick around for much longer . 
   ... who do you think ?? 
  people who are native to norway . 
  the earliest settlers and those who formed the character and history of norway . 
  get yourself a dictionary . 
  you mean the norse ? 
  they are an ethnolingustic * group * . 
  this is just a no true scotsman fallacy . 
  [ you might want to see this for example . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_to_norway#history )  how can that be `` solved '' ? 
  if you import a million africans , you have a million africans . 
  how can that be changed ? 
  integration . 
   if i was norway , i would n't import anyone from is not of northern european descent . 
  for fuck 's sake , they have entire america and canada to choose from full of tens of millions formerly nordic peoples who have a hard on for socialism and scandinavia in general . 
  why ca n't they import people from there instead ??? 
  just how dumb is their government ?? 
  because they are willing to help those people and accept them into their society . 
  stop this nordicism bs ; we are n't living in the 19th-20th century anymore . 
  i think a better comparison would be [ former-yugoslav states as a whole , ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.pp.kd?locations=hr-rs-me-ba-si-xk-mk ) as slovakia is not really comparable with what happened with the breakup of that communist state in the early 90s . 
  elaborate ? 
  i am genuinely curious about the situation , as i do n't know much about former-yugoslav countries except serbia and slovenia . 
   yes . . but their birth rates have little to do with `` economic conditions '' of norway . 
  elaborate , since this make no sense to me . 
  birth rates have everything to do with economic conditions ; it 's the very reason why poor countries have high tfr and vice-versa , irregardless of culture .
