  more resentment , especially if you direct it at other people and not yourself . 
  it 's literally a vicious cycle . 
  great comment . 
  you 're not saving anything , you 're just being a nuisance . 
  forgot switzerland , luxembourg , lichtenstein , andorra , vatican , san marino , austria , czechia , as well as parts of hungary and slovenia . 
  because the arena turns into a landfill . 
  not to mention all the random seeds you see by benches all across the city . 
  15 years in jail is not enough ? 
  that 's the kind of sentence murderers get . 
  i do n't think beaches in iceland are really suitable . 
  the lack of sun as well as the strong atlantic currents really restrict your activities . 
   i 'm happiest when it 's dark and cloudy . 
   flair this is how you get your citizenship revoked . 
  i thought you need to be married to be an orthodox priest , otherwise you 're just a deacon . 
  is it different in greece ? 
  a 160-sided dice ? 
  why not make them out of wood and smaller if they 're just for entertainment . 
  1054 best year of my life ? 
  great post op . 
  it 's probably baikal . 
  cultural relativism is a more accurate and less politically volatile term to use . 
  the gist is : all cultures are equal and you ca n't judge them based on your moral standards ; since they are in turn influenced by your own culture . 
  most countries in europe were the result of centuries of feudalism but also , especially in 19th-20th century , national identity ( like germany ) while the us was created as a republic for no ethnicity in particular . 
  japan does not have a culture of democracy at all . 
  they have a conformity culture similar to other east asian countries as well as practically a one-party rule ( ldp dominated the scene since 1955 ) . 
  they do have checks and balances resembling democracies and many liberties associated to them , but saying the average japanese experiences a democratic medium of free expression in their familial or job life like the average westerner is stretching it . 
  not all countries were created as ethno-states ( take the usa for a major example ) and not all countries want to remain ethno-states . 
  if you asked germans if they want their state to maintain an ethnic german majority you 'll get somewhat mixed results . 
  if you ask them if they want a germany for ethnic germans only you 'll see very negative responses . 
  true , but it has everything to do with public perception , which is generally wavering towards their community . 
  i do n't like politicians reassuring them in vain while maintaining the status quo . 
  they belong there just as much as russians , poles , romanians and others do . 
  i wish german politicians stopped pandering to certain minorities like they have some sort of privilege . 
  we actually have a small minority ( around 5 % ) of russians who are settled in tulcea . 
  we call them lipovans and they are mostly old believers that fled persecution . 
  the delta is generally an unpleasant marshland with a continental climate and little development although it is a geological and ecological haven . 
  but inverness is mostly in north , almost north-east . 
  i 'm referring to this [ part ] ( https://imgur.com/a/dytse ) , as you can see the purple on the map . 
  whoever lives in the western scottish highlands must be really miserable . 
  also western norway a bit north of bergen . 
  edit : looks like there are some fairly populated cities in that area ( for scotland 's standards at least ) like ayr . 
  referring more to geography than the socio-economic distinction of the west . 
  geographically speaking sweden , ireland and italy are nowhere near close but they are all considered western countries . 
   i hope g\u0336e\u0336r\u0336m\u0336a\u0336n\u0336y\u0336 \u0336e\u0336u\u0336r\u0336o\u0336p\u0336e\u0336 western europe & parts of northern and southern europe can snap out of it , before more terror attacks force them to . 
  this makes byzantine architectural achievements all the more impressive . 
  of which the vast majority would flee to germany or sweden given the chance . 
  i highly doubt many in poland spare them any thoughts given they tend to stay away . 
  russia does not belong to europe , they 're pretty much mongols ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  opression olympics , as it 's called . 
  i believe it 's only an american thing , though . 
  at least , i hope . 
  the final part makes it clear he is talking about historic revisionism based on nationalism . 
  i do see nationalism in this sub , but not much nationalistic historical revisionism . 
  it tends to get called out pretty soon on a european sub . 
  strange considering it was such a major military victory and yet grand duchy of moscow got absolutely nothing out of the peace/treaty of thorn ( 1411 ) and later treaty of melno ( 1422 ) . 
  nigerian communities in italy ? 
  your situation must be pretty shit if you wan na risk your life crossing the sahara and then the mediterranean just to end up in a ghetto in italy . 
  are n't the borders secured between nigeria-niger niger-libyia ? 
  is there actually any data on the percentage of recent people who end up located officially in eu countries and not in limbo in greece , italy , spain ? 
  i 'm curious if germany indeed takes the vast majority . 
  well , it 's pretty late here so i 'll review some things tommorow and see more perspectives . 
  thanks for the discussion , i appreciate the effort from your part . 
  in the sense of historical expansion . 
  for example , geopolitically china is doing better than it did in the qing era despite having less territory to work with . 
  the greeks for example got kicked out of the anatolia they 've dominated culturally and owned in every sense for more than a thousand years . 
  and yes , i know that dacian is fairly ambiguous linguistically . 
  but what i meant was that there is plenty of evidence that we are the result of a daco-roman legacy . 
  other states in the balkans that do possess such continuity did n't have much luck in preserving it , such as the greeks or albanians . 
   except they may not . 
  doctors in canada are not jailed for denying things like this , no matter what you read on r/the _ donald i looked through things a bit . 
  [ bill c-16 ] ( http://www.ourcommons.ca/content/bills/421/government/c-16/c-16_1/c-16_1.pdf ) clearly states '' ... an offence was motivated by bias , prejudice or hate based on gender identity or expression constitutes an aggravating circumstance that a court must take into consideration when it imposes a sentence . '', 
  this make it clear that denying people their gender selection based on gender identity can get you in jail , like i said . 
  also , i stay away from r/the _ donald and their circlejerk . 
  i am interested in honest debate . 
  you seem already biased with that baseless accusation . 
   ... when she for example gets in an operation , she would just be treated like a woman . 
  you think that little strip of paper given to her casually by that doctor and the word ` male ' on her id have way waaaay more power/importance than they actually have . 
  my point still stands . 
  a psychologist is not allowed to diagnose a mentally healthy man as suffering from some disorder , even if the man in question wants to have that label . 
  it 's unprofessional , and reflects that getting the job done is more important than getting it right . 
  exactly what i meant , considering i see the canadian government seems to desire the former in certain sensitive areas . 
   define ` carelessly ' . 
  the doctor and clerk obviously weighed their options ( the clerk even shortly called a superior , to check ) and concluded that fulfilling the request is harmless and that just doing it saves trouble with crazy people actually requesting these kind of things . 
  that 's the best professional response . 
  i agree for the most part , but still disagree that is a proper response from government officials . 
  see my comparison above . 
  delusions should not be tolerated . 
   who are you to make such statements ? 
  someone that respects honesty and objectivity . 
  i beg to differ . 
  romanians may differ quite a bit from the dacians , but aspects of daco - ** roman ** culture ( our language for example ) remain . 
  i do not know that the bulgarians have a similar heritage from the thracians . 
  and for the territory , you are right that bulgaria does not differ much from the thracians . 
  but bulgaria had its own state they can claim as their own that was much [ bigger ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:structure_of_the_first_bulgarian_empire_during_the_ix-x_century.png ) than current borders at their maximum extent . 
  the biggest state we had that we can claim as our own was during [ michael the brave 's rule ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:mihai_1600.png ) , and even that is quite similar to modern borders . 
  so that 's why i say we got the best end of the stick in the balkans . 
  you 're simplifying the issue by not mentioning that such professionals may end up in jail for denying people their identity . 
  accepting feelings over reality should not be accepted in civil society , especially from medical staff . 
  a professional who just goes on their day signing documents carelessly is clearly not qualified for their position . 
  this is not tolerable in the bureaucracy and legal framework of a country like canada .
