  because that 's their job , you idiot . 
  they 're there to prevent people from getting killed , regardless of beliefs . 
  i can . 
  the nazis were clearly bested , outnumbered and humiliated , and yet this guy is still throwing himself at the only people trying to calm things down for no reason other than his own ignorance about where the police stand on the matter . 
  and i 'd hardly call it a march - they failed to even get out of the station . 
  what about abhumans ? 
  nothing that i know of , but they 're achieving cult ( ? ), 
  status , so i suppose it 's inevitable . 
  if i had to speculate , the best way would be to use existing tactic00l gear for the body , then retex a raider wastehound helmet to appear made of camo-mesh . 
  well , ratlings also make good snipers . 
  either way , i think the imperial definition of abhuman is essentially an offshoot of the human race that conforms to an evolutionary pattern of their own , as opposed to its definition of mutants as a chaotic byproduct of the taint . 
  good use of the jacket to represent sams padded armour . 
  i was hoping for a neat infographic or something ; got ta say , i 'm disappointed . 
  only gave it a short test , but i 'm loving the pyro so far . 
  that being said , i 'm disappointed they did n't bring back one of the red orchestra voice actors for anton strasser - the fact that he has scullys voice is very disappointing compared to the unique vo 's of the other characters . 
  he might just be referring to any old assault rifle , since that 's exactly what sturmgewehr translates into, 
  actually , the normal feminists are the majority . 
  the crazy sjws are just the far more vocal minority , comparable to anti-west jihadists in islam . 
  well you did call them a `` minority '' in the same sentence , but i know what you mean , just wanted to clarify, 
  upvote for subtle bdsm, 
  not for long . 
  very good use of imperial camouflage , really sells the `` being more like da humies '' schtick of the blood axes . 
  yeah , you cross your hands across your breast with the fingers forming the wing feathers , linking the thumbs to simulate the double-heads . 
  it 's referenced in the horus heresy books , but i have n't read it anywhere else . 
  oh * god * , i remember this one . 
  happened in my hometown , as a matter of fact . 
  some of the younger degenerates that think they 're hard shit pull this sometimes , especially when they 've had one too many cheap ciders . 
  so , so satisfying to watch her get decked though ; i can remember people naming and shaming the girl , but i do n't know what actually happened to her . 
  it 's actually true . 
  at the time of the incident , this man was identified as a vagrant of liverpool with , iirc , a learning disability . 
  fucking abaddon , i knew he was behind this . 
  doctor pavel , i 'm ocd, 
  the novel you 're thinking of is `` gunheads '' , and you 're entirely right , it depends mostly on the environment . 
  most orks are green since they develop like fungus on temperate worlds , but in other climates they might be brownish-red ( deserts ) , grey ( dead worlds ) or even somewhat-caucasian on ice worlds . 
  it 's really up to the player , but the skin colour variations are indeed canon . 
  wrong . 
  read the comment below - whole groups of orks can be non-green , it depends on the environment . 
  i like it . 
  reminds me of the brit-horror roots of killing floor . 
  e-mail sent !, 
  probably made so after over two comments criticising it . 
  poor show . 
  hey there , very interested in submitting to this !, 
  if you do n't mind , could you let me know some requirements for our submissions ? 
  is there a maximum or minimum word/page count , for instance ? 
  but not unique . 
  there 's a verse in the old testament , i forget which one , where yahweh encourages the israelites , after a battle , to keep the virgin women alive for the purpose of forced breeding , killing the others . 
  also ( and i ca n't believe that in this day and age the concept of context has to be explained ) , ** different time . 
  `` same heads as the death korps '', 
  fuck that ** right ** off . 
  i do n't want my precious sl ruined by tacky adrian-stahlhelm brain-buckets !, 
  true , but i 'll be damned if i lose my beloved fallschirmjaeger helmet on sl . 
  it 's a nice departure from the more obvious space nazi overtones in other media , that being they always have the stahlhelm !, 
  bit of a strange delivery method , do n't you think ? 
  uhm , you do n't get to bring pets . 
  what the hell has this subreddit come to ? 
  first this `` professional fighter '' nonsense , now the `` danks obummer '' types ? 
  was captain rex an arc trooper captain , by any chance ? 
  they had blue-trimmed uniforms as well , though it was a more vibrant , deeper blue , rather than the blue-green shade given to the lieutenant rank . 
  except you 've basically just described the post-endor eu , before disney rendered it non-canon . 
  i thought tfa was going to involve the empire re-emerging under the banner of the first order , and the rebellion crumbling into the `` resistance '' - not the other way around . 
  i like to imagine this was more for ease of identification by jedi generals and others . 
  the kaminoans probably had a different way of identifying the rank of each clone , or simply did n't have a reason to . 
  i think the folded stock was an aesthetic choice for the gun design , rather than a functional apparatus . 
  even if not , how many german mooks in ww2 films do you see running around with the stocks extended on their schmeissers ? 
  all i 'm saying is that , while the sterling smg the e-11 was based on had a functional folding stock , lucas probably either did n't intend for the e-11 to share that folding stock ( the component instead being left there to make it look more tech-y ) , or simply nobody bothered to fold them out during filming . 
  untwist your knickers , mate . 
  that little shit . 
  moment i saw him i knew we were basically getting travis 's turd of a son from ftwd . 
  gaunts ghosts . 
  if games workshop is okay with whoring their ip out to any and every game company , then they should be okay with pitching at least a pilot for chrissakes . 
  they had a very `` end justifies the means '' mentality . 
  rather than emulate the ncr , which in turn was emulating pre-war america , which would likely lead to history just repeating itself ( the infighting , the corruption etc ) , caesars legion threw aside all pretense of ethics and benevolence and created a society fit to survive the climate of the post-apocalypse . 
  as caesar himself said , ancient rome was the perfect society on which to model a faction prepared to thrive in an environment like postwar america . 
  the romans did n't unite warring tribes - they crushed them , divided them , erased their cultural identity and replaced it with the singular , monolithic identity of rome itself . 
  caesar literally says that this was his goal all along , so you 're not far off in that respect . 
  it was known as `` decimation '' , and was done for much less than outright rebellion at times - often it was a punishment for failure . 
  i have a very similar setup , except my processor is an fx-8350 . 
  i 'm confident that i 'll be able to play it to a good standard , based on tests with shadow of mordor - however , demanding features like textures i 'll have to set to medium , and maybe turn off bloom , 
  i hope this is a joke comment , though i 'm sure it is . 
  it must be . 
  right ? 
  in the pre-war segment , he 's supposedly the newsreader on the tv . 
  hopefully he 'll at least do the ending narration , or the one between when you enter/leave the vault . 
  all sorts of things , really . 
  an important thing to remember was that its foremost goal , rather than to simply punish a few offenders , was to galvanize the unit at large through fear , ensuring that none attempted to desert or became lax in their duty . 
  at first i was going to say `` but they have no army of their own '' , but then again you could be onto something . 
  their military units could be mercenaries armed with laser rifles repaired by the fota , and their ua could involve science bonuses when in peacetime . 
  spitballing here , but it could work . 
  agreed . 
  i remember back when i had a basic pc trying to play battlefield : bad company . 
  it was literally impossible to turn the bloom off ( which got ridiculous on the snow levels ) and made the whole thing unplayable . 
  halt . 
  and all this time , he 's been smoking [ harmless tobacco !, 
  you could easily just splice off the backpack already on the field scribe outfit ( the one hayley/haysley/whatever is wearing in the police station ) and put it as an armour piece or something . 
  this sounds less like `` realism '' and more like pcmr fanwank . 
  that being said , i 'm behind this . 
  that cheery , semi-serious way in which he cries `` exterminate ! '', 
  is as unnerving as it is funny . 
  i 've noticed companions doing this exact thing from time to time .
