  once the show finds its feet i 'm sure they 'll implement an out-of-arena countdown system . 
  i may be reading too far into it , but i 'm thinking more about what it represents . 
  al 's standing there basically treating it like some toy he bought ( which is essentially what it is to him ) , while the original lambert team put all the work in and have to watch this guy flaunt it around like some big-shot . 
  act or not , it 's kind of insulting . 
  that 's saddening . 
  takes all the fun out of the sport , if you ask me . 
  there damn well should be, 
  the dantomkia team sure were n't veterans this series . 
  so living enemies stand on top of the corpses of their fallen ? 
  that has the potential to look terrible, 
  do n't be modest , i actually like the idea ; it 's the implementation that could be problematic . 
  though personally i like the corpse mechanic , makes me feel like my guys are trying to surmount a pile of bodies ( a la battle of the bastards ) to get at the foe , and vice versa . 
  i bow to your infinite wisdom , then . 
  comment cheerfully withdrawn . 
  some would argue a more sensible definition for the crime of treason , too . 
  i always pondered an alt-history campaign based on operation downfall . 
  you play as either the allies ( us and commonwealth ) , soviets or japanese , each with unique campaign-wide rules and bonuses ( eg , japan players must roll off against allied players whenever they try to use air observer powers , representing the ijaf 's dire fuel and manpower situation and the usaaf 's air superiority ) , on a hex-based map representing the japanese islands . 
  never got out of the pondering stages , i 'm afraid , so i ca n't help much , but there are my thoughts . 
  the way i see it he 's definitely laughing , but because some memory from before his insanity reminds him that it 's uncouth to laugh in the company of the recently deceased , he 's trying to suppress/hide it . 
  then again , given that he 's completely lost his mind , sobbing at the same time is n't out of the question either . 
  i felt the same way seeing the dish getting plonked in . 
  an accurate summary of youtube commentators, 
  it 's a fitting one if it is . 
  pfft . 
  i 'd call in frank castle for this shit . 
  how many are celebrity character presets ? 
  limon had the best arc out of just about all the characters this season , save the series ' favourites . 
  seeing him go from simple cab-driver getting money on the side to a desperate fanatic was absolutely spectacular television . 
  hold the fucking phone . 
  haneen , a muslim feminist , is followed on twitter by paul joseph fucking watson ? 
  now i 've seen everything . 
  so yeah , / pol / bait . 
  using the scum as a source though ? 
  really ? 
  suggestions ? 
  alright then . 
  avoid voice-acting like the plague . 
  seriously , 90 % of fan-films fall flat on their face if the actors ca n't compellingly say their lines , or if the dialogue writer is worse than he thinks he is ( which is often the case ) . 
  you 'd achieve a far greater effect with nothing more than sound effects and a few wayne june lines . 
  also , i think we 'll need clarification ; what exactly are you trying to achieve ? 
  bravo milo, 
  st georges ' cross . 
  medieval knights . 
  the iron cross . 
  nordic runes . 
  nordic * names * . 
  as a left-leaning military history buff , the list goes inexorably , infuriatingly on . 
  where 's that coming from ? 
  runs smooth as heck on my end . 
  given that they look like slightly-better versions of chaos cultists , it 's no surprise they 'd give them a similar construction method ( ie 1 or 2-part set-pose plastics ) . 
  blocked in uk . 
  anyone got a mirror ? 
  actually , it 's an ideology . 
  it works in tandem with forms of government , ie nazi germany was a fascist dictatorship , whilst imperial japan , for instance , was a fascist absolute monarchy . 
  not as funny as you 'd think . 
  children use ak 's all the time , and they do just fine . 
  it 's a compact bolt pistol . 
  they ca n't all look like smg 's . 
  i feel like i need a link to this . 
  must be seen to be believed . 
  just a hint , the brass etchings from forgeworld are supposed to go on before the model is primed , not after it 's painted . 
  they 're meant to provide raised surfaces for edge-layering and shading purposes . 
  the voice itself is n't to my taste , but the sound quality is another issue . 
  its waaaay too loud and `` close-range '' , and does n't meld nearly as well with the soundtrack and ambience as the vanilla voice does . 
  i 'd strongly consider turning the volume down and adding some kind of radio filter over the top , like people do with audio files for xcom 2 voice packs . 
  the dialogue itself communicates that well enough . 
  the volume and rawness of the sound file itself is just grating . 
  just watching the video i was massively put off by how invasive the voice was ; were i playing a game with it turned on it 'd constantly pull me out of it . 
  i mostly play friendlies , so it probably would n't be an obstacle . 
  i 'm talking more in terms of stats and gameplay ; in terms of damage output , stopping power etc , which one is more worth the investment , would you say ? 
  try the atheist alt-righters . 
  they 're ... pretty embarrassing . 
  and whining to a multi-million dollar corporation with the hashtag #dumpstarwars , because a director chose to voice his dissent against the beloved god-president , is somehow different ? 
   race mixing is good as long as it is whites and body pillows, 
  ftfy, 
  it 's relevant in that it 's the other side of the same coin . 
  just because nobody mentioned it does n't mean it 's irrelevant . 
  just because nobody mentioned it does n't mean it 's irrelevant . 
  bastard looks like something straight out of frankenstein 's army, 
  i do n't think it 's properly explained in the show ( might be in the comics ) , but get enough disabled or otherwise incapacitated walkers in one spot and it `` masks '' the `` human smell '' , basically granting you invisibility to other walkers ... somehow . 
  compare to the use of walker-guts and michonne 's walkers-on-leashes , and the [ ] ( / c `` whisperers of the comics . '' ) . 
  there 's also a settlement in telltales ' twd game where they use barricades topped with impaled walkers as camouflage , so to speak . 
  do n't know how this would work , since walkers are also apparently attracted to one another ( which is presumably how the hordes form ) , but evidently disabled walkers are this universe 's equivalent of camouflage netting . 
  i think it 's most likely due to the smell , the stench of rotting flesh ( walker-brain : `` normal , ignore '' ) masking the general body odour of people ( walker-brain : `` abnormal , chase , eat '' ) , or the noise , the thrashing and groaning of walkers ( normal ) again masking the general hum-drum of human activity ( abnormal and tasty ) . 
  tl ; dr it 's a biological stealth field . 
  i 'm sorry , did my historical enthusiasm hurt your feelings ? 
  god forbid i study the past !, 
  what next , will historians specialising in the trans-atlantic slave trade be labelled racists ? 
  the last war-trophies , it seems . 
  oh god , no . 
  do n't tell me they 've bandwagoned on turisas !, 
  agreed . 
  two of my favourite games ruined by a throng of insecure manchildren . 
  hows * that * for an invasion of `` parasites '' ? 
  i 'm afraid to ask for examples , though i 've seen a fair few comments to that effect on their youtube channel . 
  he had the audacity to pursue alternative beliefs , and for that his greatest achievement , monarchia , was burned to ashes before his very eyes by his own god-damn father . 
   katie hopkins, 
  those words should n't even be in the same paragraph . 
  somebody sounds insecure . 
  apart from invoking `` societal norms '' , throwing down `` sexist '' a little to early and maybe taking things a bit too literally , it seems like pink is on the right track .
