  yes you 're right , it 's been a damn while since we 've even seen or heard about septas, 
  but how much ammunition is provided ? 
  technically 64 would provide useful data - how do people defend against constant animal attack without conventional weapons ? 
  it 'd probably be invaluable when civilisation needs to adapt to mutated predators like deathclaws and nightstalkers , for instance . 
  do n't forget that the high rates of secession ( outcasts , ashur etc ) played a part in their decline on the east coast , which worked nightmares when combined with their low recruitment rate, 
  just a minigun , judging by the shape of the barrels . 
  probably just drawn a bit smaller, 
  i thought we were just going to get a particularly terrible storm that 'd dash stannis 's larger boats . 
  a few of 'em seemed to be tilting a bit too far ... 
  or , even better ;, 
  `` my ancestors would spit on me , if i broke bread with a crow . '', 
  `` so would mine , but fuck 'em , they 're dead . '', 
  `` they 're waiting for you , your grace . '', 
  `` oh shit , seriously ? '', 
  to elaborate - wights are the zombies , the ones created from corpses . 
  white walkers , on the other hand , are the supernatural creatures responsible . 
  uk resident here - the countdown just ended for me , but now the websites stuck on a perpetual `` please stand by '' screen . 
  i refresh , i back-and-forward to the page , but nothing . 
  anyone else getting this issue ? 
  its frustrating !, 
  good thing three dog did n't have less than ten years left to live . 
  also , one of the fo3 main quests involves you single-handedly expanding the gnr broadcast range to across the entire capitol wasteland in half a days time . 
  ten years + brotherhood backing could easily expand the range to other cities , especially if the bos have signal-boosting devices to spare . 
  ( also i dun ' know how far boston is from dc but i 'm spitballing here ), 
  if that scene with the ironborn storming the dreadfort is any indication , ramsay . 
  so much plot armour , they wo n't even attack him while he has his shirtless back turned to them for five whole seconds !, 
  came here for disappointment with what the title promised , was not disappointed . 
  except for being disappointed that the title was not what was promised . 
  looks like meat runoff or slurry . 
  no surprise it eats meat too !, 
  how 'd he break those ribs ? 
  never heard that story before, 
  `` carthage * must * be destroyed ! '', 
  - quote attributed to consul willie of caledonia . 
  it 's bringing us love !, 
  do n't let it get away !, 
  okay ;, 
  1 - gendry 's blood did n't create the shadow assassin . 
  instead it ( supposedly ) molded events to lead to the deaths of three kings ( well two , if we 're just going by the show ) . 
  that being said , could n't they have just put leeches on shireen and gotten ramsay to fall off a parapet or something ? 
  the necessity of burning her seems a little far fetched when she already has kings blood ready for extraction , and that has supposedly done a lot for stannis already . 
  2 - theon took winterfell when it was practically deserted , save for the peasants and staff who had n't been drafted into robbs armies , and he took it by surprise by scaling the walls in the dead of night . 
  compare that to the boltons situation - they know stannis is coming , and they clearly have a professional armed garrison ( not cooks and farmhands ) if not a whole host behind those walls , ready to hold it against a siege . 
  the damage done by ramsays earlier razing has probably been patched up by now , the walls reinforced and the gates barred in preparation . 
  3 - winter is very nearly here . 
  you ca n't expect stannis to run a blitzkrieg down through moat caolan and all the way to kings landing before the snows become permanent , right ? 
  if he sets up shop in winterfell and deposes the boltons , the theory is that the other northern houses - umber , glover , karstark etc will toss in their guns in his support , thus giving him a good power base with which to ride out the winter , resupply with whatever he can muster and march when the snows melt ( however long that will take ) . 
  that , or have a strong enough position to back up the nights watch against the other , which is pretty much what melisandre wants him to do anyway . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but if that was that one wise master in rhaegon/viseryons dungeon , that was a terror tactic , right ? 
  in fairness , the recipient took it fairly cringeworthily as well . 
  back in the older editions it was strongly implied . 
  now it 's quite the opposite - gw wants 40k to have a distinct identity now , rather than being `` warhammer in space '' . 
  civilization : the enclave, 
  leader : president john henry eden, 
  city names : control station enclave , raven rock , mariposa , adams air force base , navarro , and recycled city names from the american civilisation . 
  unique units : vertibird ( gains defensive bonuses from terrain , but may not move after attacking . 
  replaces helicopter gunship . ), 
  mobile base crawler ( may move one space per turn . 
  confers a 15 % strength bonus to adjacent friendly units . 
  may transport aircraft . 
  replaces modern armour . ), 
  unique tile improvement : field research camp ( can be built outside territory . 
  generates +2 science in friendly territory , +3 in unclaimed territory . ), 
  unique building : fev distribution plant ( causes a 15 % strength reduction to enemy units within three tiles of a city in which it is built . 
  may only be built on cities next to rivers or coasts . ), 
  unique ability : the more perfect union ( +2 % culture , science and gold in all cities starting in the atomic era . 
  units and tile improvements do not suffer the effects of nuclear fallout , and units of the information era gain a 10 % combat bonus in areas with nuclear fallout . ), 
  starts bias : coasts, 
  musical theme : blue stahli - ultranumb ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u9p2dciefvo ), 
  music set : european, 
  architecture : european, 
  spy names : augustus , anna , arcade , stiggs , dick , judah, 
  preferred religion : protestantism, 
  preferred ideology : autocracy, 
  double post lel ;, 
  civilization : the helghan empire, 
  city names : phyrrus city , konstantine city , tharsis , suljeva , corinth , salamun , maelstra , kaznan, 
  unique units : atac drone ( can bombard units one tile away . 
  gains defensive bonuses from terrain . 
  15 % combat strength reduction when no friendly units are adjacent . 
  replaces helicopter gunship . ), 
  mobile arc tower ( has the interception trait , 50 % strength against aircraft . 
  replaces rocket artillery . ), 
  unique building : petrusite refinery ( 25 % production increase and +10 xp for all units trained in the city . ), 
  unique tile improvement : trenchworks ( link like roads . 
  +10 % defensive strength for units on this tile . ), 
  unique ability : a unified helghan nation ( all units gain 10 % combat strength in friendly territory , stacks with promotions . 
  gain +1 food and science from tundra tiles . ), 
  musical theme : the second helghan march ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wygqdser4da ), 
  music set : european, 
  architecture : greyed-out european, 
  spy names : jorhan , hakha , lente , cobar , metrac , radec, 
  preferred religion : none, 
  preferred ideology : autocracy, 
  here are my thoughts ;, 
  a ) civilian ownership . 
  after all , the real worlds ak 's and their foreign copies are supposedly quite popular among american firearm enthusiasts . 
  b ) criminal ownership . 
  similar to the above , but it 'd probably be more cost-effective to find cheaper foreign weapons than trying to rob the national guard . 
  c ) as mentioned , covert ops incursion - though that would n't account for the sheer amount of chinese ars littered around the capitol wasteland .
