  just because he 's pre-programmed does n't mean he ca n't keep track of time . 
  remember how many times in fo3 and fnv a machine would tell you you 're `` over 200 years behind schedule '' , or something to that effect ? 
  ah , alright then . 
  was n't sure on its credibility myself , though i would like to see talon company making a return . 
  they 're probably going to have it like skyrim - less about maintenance , more about refinement , meaning we 'll probably be using the repair skill to upgrade our weapons instead of maxing out their condition . 
  or just shoot her in the face !, 
  thank you based todd !, 
  ouch . 
  sucks when they do n't include that in your benefits package when you work at vault-tec . 
  you know , i was right with you until the `` f * gs get married '' remark . 
  not the kinda person i 'd like to see bethesda associating themselves with . 
  otherwise he 'd be a pretty funny second radio station . 
  that 's left unanswered - more like they were in prototype stage before the war , and the institute is just picking up where the pre-war mit left off . 
  paul eidling , he voiced pretty much all the old men in fo3 . 
  looks like he 's making a comeback, 
  i for one welcome our new skin-taking overlords . 
  just going by fwe here , but med-x is supposedly a morphine derivative . 
  i think that was 'cause they only had one line for each country you were dropped in , and they did n't always match up . 
  for instance , `` we 're dropping you deep in the nigerian interior for this mission '' , when the site is on the coast . 
  maybe its for people who want to travel on a payroll . 
  god knows just packing up and going on holiday is n't a tenable option for most without the caps coming in . 
  i 'm impartial to the bren gun myself . 
  thank god for old-timey lmgs !, 
  the first 10-20 minutes of doom 3 , part of the many games my fathers friend gave to me after i got a half-decent ( for the time ) pc at the age of 11 . 
  as soon as i find the missing scientist , when the lights go batshit and glowing pentagrams start appearing i 'm flung down a one-way road into recurring nightmare-land . 
  that 's why you do n't play games above your age , kids . 
  i ca n't remember the source ( maybe the fo3 official game guide ) but apparently he came to america to `` seek his fortune '' . 
  ca n't imagine how much worse that makes things back here . 
  i really admire how the guardswoman has done her own take on the vanilla ( and rather boring ) cadian armor , looks like she 's taken inspiration from the much-cooler 3rd edition cadians as well . 
  nicely done !, 
  okay , none of the costume has da insignia - just the imperial aquila on one shoulder , and the winged skull on the other , both generic imperial symbols . 
  the pauldrons themselves look much more like 3rd edition cadians , rather than the much larger and rounder scout pauldrons . 
  also , guardsmen officers and sergeants can be issued with miniaturised bolters , as seen in the most recent codex and a bunch of official artwork . 
  the reason she does n't look 100 % like a tabletop cadian guardswoman is exactly what i was praising - artistic liberty . 
  not everything has to look like it does on the tabletop ( especially when it comes to the imperial guard who , having millions of different regiments , have an equal number of differing uniform styles - hence this cosplay . ), 
  read what i said about the bolter . 
  though you 're probably right about the purity seals , apparently they 're marine-only - does n't stop me decorating my guardsmen with 'em , though . 
  my main concern ( well rather , my main curiosity ) is how they will handle the inevitable fo4 script extender , and mods that will depend on it . 
  will it be limited to installing esp/esm files , or will there be more scope than that ? 
  no worries bud , i suppose its open to interpretation , given the artistic license . 
  and apologies , but i get very assertive when it comes to the honour of the imperial guard !, 
  crikey , where do we start ? 
  how about the extremely bleak germantown refugee site terminals ? 
  or the vault where democracy went apeshit ( and just about all of the others , particularly in fo3 ) ? 
  my prize though , has to go to the swampfolks ritual site , and blackhall manor ( seriously , blackhall himself was deeply unsettling , even if you had no idea what you were going to be in for ) . 
  hell , pretty much all of point lookout was creepy as fuck , especially that bad trip you go through from getting sprayed by the mother punga ... brrrr !, 
  iirc , the reason dr zimmer is so eager to get harkness/a3 -21 back is because he 's among one of `` the most advanced yet '' , more so than his bodyguard armitage to whom he is compared , who in turn is probably from the same generation of android , harkness being some kind of prototype of modified-issue synth . 
  personally i 'd like the human-like synths to be a rarity , with the majority encountered being a lot like the working joes from alien : isolation - cheap , unconvincing automatons designed for menial , repetitive labour , doing most of the institutes gruntwork instead of them using overengineered near-human synths to do it . 
  very nice . 
  i like how its lore-friendly and not some overly-high tech generic future nonsense . 
  looks a bit like the wattz 2000 rifle , which is good . 
  but what if you choose to be asian ? 
  that 'd be one strange family photo . 
  i can tell you drew the inspiration from the mg-42 , though personally it reminds me more of the fg-42 , especially if you were to add the side magazine !, 
  they 're also extremely nimble and poisonous to boot . 
  i do n't know about you , but the idea of a dog-sized bullet-resistant superwasp charging at you with a fatal stinger is pretty damn intimidating to me . 
  yeah , certain characters or vendors should give you the option to change superficial features of your pc , like hair in fo3/nv . 
  if warpaint is a thing , you should be able to do the same . 
  finally somebody says it !, 
  anti-joke slaver strikes again !, 
  props for the story , best in the thread, 
  creepy easter egg ? 
  well here 's a bit of lore i made up when thinking about this very same question . 
  caesar 's legion is built from the tribes unified by caesar , but starts off as a quirky mercenary company rather than a full-blown army with goals of its own . 
  they become contracted to the city-state of flagstaff , which is ruled by a post-nuclear aristocracy that controls the water with an iron fist , leaving much of the populace to die from dehydration . 
  seeing this , caesar , after so many years of `` loyal '' service on their payroll , decides enough is enough and overthrows the ruling class , much to the joy of flagstaffs citizenry who support him , many of whom go on to join the legion proper . 
  its at that point that the legion becomes a true army , with its own capital and defined territory , as well as a deep-rooted goal of otherthrowing the `` corrupt and unjust '' - ie , the ncr . 
  furthermore , i would 've made them a lot more diverse in terms of population , tactics and armaments . 
  the roman military was always at the forefront of military technology in its day , so why not the legion too ? 
  sure , most recruits would be stuck with handguns , machetes and throwing spears , but more veteran legionaries would have assault rifles , grenades , and scavenged armour that allows for tactical flexibility , though not to the overblown extent it is in caesars new regime , for instance . 
  i 'd also have an `` auxiliary '' class separate from the legionaries , made up of those typically persecuted by the ncr - ghouls , for instance , and even some super-mutants looking for a cause to serve , maybe even revering him as some `` new master '' , as well as support staff - technicians , traders , and other camp followers . 
  they would also use robots and energy weapons to a degree , though they may not fully understand them . 
  basically i 'd make them more about creating what caesar intended to create - a society fit for the challenges of post-war america , emulating the idea of rome - instead of a two-dimensional culture-obliterating blob of red-garmented football fanatics . 
  i always imagined it was made up mostly of wandering orphans who managed to find their way there , probably knowing of its existence as a legend and acting upon the presumption that it existed , being kids and all . 
  of course there 's the fact that children are easy prey in the capitol wasteland for just about anyone or anything , so its hardly going to be a constant source of new recruits . 
  in the real world , the chinese `` bootleg ak '' was actually a licensed copy , the norinco type 56 . 
  since then its probable that , like the soviets , they kept improving on the design in the falloutverse , leading to the modern-day type 93 , whereas the soviets in fallout might have gone a different way , perhaps abandoning the ak design altogether much like the modern-day chinese are doing now . 
  tl ; dr - the chinese copy was a licensed copy , not theft iirc . 
  nah , james is one of the `` rare '' characters you can get in lunchboxes . 
  i managed to pick up jericho and confessor cromwell , but it 's randomized . 
  some objectives will earn you a single lunchbox each , you just have to keep an eye out for them . 
  though i think only the purchasable ones guarantee a rare or higher item/character . 
  try vault 101 : revisited , great quest mod that gives the whole debacle a better ending , if you do n't mind the autovoicing . 
  this is brilliant . 
  pretty much the kind of thing one of the vaults surely would 've been designed with in mind . 
  then you run the risk of having a vault-wide fire/infestation if you do n't get it under control quick enough !, 
  [ 455 ] ( http://www.scp-wiki.net/scp-455 ) is my favourite for its exploration logs , hands down . 
  also worthy of mention is [ 1983 ] ( http://www.scp-wiki.net/scp-1983 ) , which is told through the note left behind by a trapped agent . 
  using without building an `` ask who '' machine first ? 
  that 's madness !, 
  bit of context on the jimmy saville/margaret thatcher picture , for anyone who might not know since kotaku does n't go into it - saville was a celebrated tv personality who was posthumously discovered to be one of the most notorious child abusers in uk history , along with several of his colleagues , while thatcher is alledged to have had some part in keeping the showbiz paedophile rings under wraps . 
  really gives the creep factor of this game an edge . 
  it works well . 
  i think it 's less about kotaku , and more about patricia hernandez , the articles author . 
  she has a. . . less than credible reputation . 
  remember though , we have the memory den that may or may not be in fo4 . 
  who knows , maybe such scenarios can be experienced through that locale with quests and shit . 
  send him out to die with nothing but a vault suit and a .32 pistol . 
  keep his sweet-ass uniform for your favourite dweller . 
  `` tape another pistol to your pistol to fire two bullets at once . '',
