  is it combat gear ? 
  i do n't know , but i love it . 
  and `` stylish '' does n't even begin to describe the red sweater + leather vest combination ( and tooth necklace to boot ) that is the merc adventurer . 
  anthony house was simultaneously one of the funniest and one of the most frightening non-appearing characters in new vegas . 
  its a shame all those terminal logs about his descent into madness did n't develop into a side quest , or at least something you could discuss with his brother ( robert house ) . 
  i bet those offers for `` single girls '' will be rolling in right about now ... 
  gum damn racist smoothskins , thinking they 're cool ... 
  `` rule 1 : all submissions must be in first person perspective . '', 
  maybe it does n't belong there ... 
  apart from a few spelling mistakes , possible continuity errors and an unclear message at the end , this is pretty good !, 
  i would 've said `` bruce lee from behind at department store '' . 
  still , made me giggle . 
  i just try to get myself in motion , ie , riding on public transport with earphones in . 
  if listening in my room , i 'll sorta pace around while a good songs playing . 
  sounds like that one episode from telltales walking dead . 
  brr ... 
  god damnit , now you 've made me want to make some azteci marines . 
  huh , i was fairly certain they were straight-spanish . 
  sounds more like a potential ig army . 
  still , i 'd convert the shit out of that too . 
  i applaud your effort in keeping your cool . 
  i would 've flipped out by the time she told me to `` watch what you say to people '' . 
  you can get them installed by any reputable doctor in the wasteland - doctor henry , doc mitchell , julie farkas , hell , i think arcade gannon can even install them . 
  best to stick a champion in there , they 'll rank right up in no time . 
  bugs aside , that is one hell of an awesome/foreboding screenshot . 
  sounds more like mount and blade if i 'm honest , but could be cool to combine with total war mechanics nontheless . 
  well its unconfirmed ( hence the ( possibly ) in the title ) but those guys do n't look to be in any kind of iraqi army uniform . 
  yugoslav can into space ? 
  can someone please point me in the direction of the steam group ? 
  i 've been looking for it for-fucking-ever . 
  i see a bit jurgen prochnow in there myself ... 
  they 're probably leaving his scenes in because the part of denys mallister is supposedly small in the books , so he is n't exactly the lynchpin of a plot ( unless d&d were planning on expanding his character ) . 
  and , of course , out of respect for his memory - it would n't do to scrub him out entirely , imagine how his grieving family would feel . 
  later repurposed as a diving board in peacetime . 
  at this stage it seems to be relying mostly on mount 'n' blade assets , so i 'm not entirely excited about it . 
  if they get some good modellers and texturers onboard though , along with a competent knowledge of medieval warfare , i 'm sold . 
  reservoir dogs . 
  i love tarantino and i appreciate wholly the art that went into making his first film , but that torture scene is just so many kinds of fucked up i ca n't bring myself to watch it . 
  same reason i ca n't watch those torture porn horrors . 
  rustles my jimmies beyond measure . 
  i agree . 
  good clickbait for the nice guys though !, 
  one of the best answers here . 
  other horror games , there 's only really panic when you 're fleeing a monster or something , but the point is you can actually get away . 
  in freddy 's , the only escape is the passage of time , and it ai n't on your side . 
  all panic , all the time . 
  i personally prefer caesars legion overhaul to cnr , mainly because its a lot more fluff friendly . 
  if thats what you 're going for too , pick this one ; http://www.nexusmods.com/newvegas/mods/36503/?tab=3&amp;navtag=http%3a%2f%2fwww.nexusmods.com%2fnewvegas%2fajax%2fmodimages%2f%3fid%3d36503%26user%3d1&amp;pup=1, 
  yeah , they ai n't last chancer models xd they 're fully custom using a combination of cadian + third party bits . 
  the colonel himself though is just schaeffer with a power fist . 
  as well as cadian arms and legs , i used pieces from west wind productions , dreamforge games , maxmini.eu and victoria miniatures  thanks !, 
  same way i did with the commissars , which are also metal - i used a satin black spray paint ( i loaned it from my dad but did n't quite catch the name or type of spray , i 'll ask if you want ) then went about the usual process , 
  thanks !, 
  those that are based were done so before they were primed and painted . 
  i tried to add and paint a base on a pre-sprayed model , but the sand and stones fell all over the place , no doubt due to the pva glues weakness . 
  its shaken my confidence about trying it again d ;, 
  none yet really . 
  at first they were meant to be a sort of reimagined steel legion ( taking the mechanised and ww2 germanic aspects of the legion and doing something a little different ) , but i ended up calling them the `` volistad '' regiment as a nod to that old final liberation game . 
  any concrete lore i 'll likely post on this subreddit !, 
  the fucking imprint of the fan in the dust , i feel ya op, 
  cadian arms and legs , west wind productions heads , dreamforge games heads , maxmini.eu heads and victoria miniatures torsos/gas masks !, 
  they are , they 're the resin flak torsos !, 
  thats just cheap-as-chips flecktarn . 
  75 % win for rammstein . 
  charge ,, 
  your ,, 
  horses ,, 
  across the field !, 
  together we ride !, 
  into destiny !, 
  rotersand - war on error . 
  more like two thirds - that being scotland and northern england . 
  plus i do n't think argentina or ireland would take that shit lying down . 
  i 'd say it was about a third of great britain , at least . 
  this an absolutely fantastic idea for a universe . 
  are you putting this idea to paper in some way ? 
  anybody onto the fact that most of the assets used are from mount and blade ? 
  i do n't think the mods creator has even mentioned that , and it frustrates me to think that people believe its his own work . 
  it 'd be fine if he just credited the makers of mount and blade , but i have yet to see any credit where its due . 
  ah , my mistake then . 
  thanks for clearing that up . 
  `` cry , havoc !, 
  and let slip the dongs of war ! '', 
  he was two streets away from the canal docks , but he did n't dare move from the pulverised shop-front . 
  broken glass and shattered goods surrounded him , as did a thick layer of dust and dirt that had been thrown about for hours by the onslaught of shells . 
  roland steige crouched behind the counter , clutching a bag of machine-pistol clips he had no use for . 
  the weapon he had been carrying was long since gone , dropped two streets ago when a menacing , slope-edged tank had given chase until he dived through an alleyway . 
  in between the shriek of falling rockets , he could make out the threatening murmur of its engines somewhere close . 
  sometimes , he thought , he heard at least two or three others , moving in all directions around him . 
  if he went outside , the unrelenting barrage would liquify him . 
  if he stayed inside , the soldiers would sniff him out . 
  he heard them too , just audible over distant tank engines , sounding their terrifying , undulating battle cry as they charged from street to street . 
  they terrified roland more than anything , even more than crazy hauptmann beier , but if he stood any chance of escaping the burning ruins of konigsberg , he had to make the last leg of the journey to the canals . 
  the roads were blocked , the city surrounded , and the air infested with fighter planes - the only way out , now , was through * frisches haff * bay , praying all the while that the artillery on the shore did n't cut you down first . 
  briefly , roland found a desperate courage to leave his pitiful stronghold . 
  tossing the unusable magazines to one side , he pulled the coal-scuttle helmet over his matted hair , fixed the uniform that was two sizes too big for him , took a deep breath and ran what must have been three steps around the counter before freezing in his tracks . 
  the doorway to the shop was n't empty anymore . 
  in the broken frame of the entrance stood , compared to the boy-soldier roland , a barrel-chested mountain of a man . 
  he was dressed in the ribbed khaki fatigues ubiquitous of the bolshevik , with a fearsome * shpagina * machine gun hanging from his chest . 
  the gorilla-faced russian wore a weathered , low hanging helmet that shadowed his flat , dirt-encrusted features , but did nothing to darken the wide goggle-eyes that glared at the pitiful specimen in front of him .
