  d ) intercepted imports . 
  a long shot , but china was probably shipping weapons to americas enemies anyway , external and internal . 
  its possible that the us navy/coast guard intercepted such shipments , had them in storage , and were about to melt them down when the bombs dropped . 
  e ) all/some of the above , and what others have mentioned . 
  a lot of speculation on the origins of the megaton bomb come from what * looks like * a vault-tec logo imprinted on the side . 
  it is not . 
  more than likely the bomb was dropped by accident , hence why it was n't armed before landing . 
  furthermore , given that by 2077 modern nuclear weapons are warhead-based , not aircraft-based , its more likely it was being transported to storage at somewhere like fort constantine , where similar ( outdated ) bombs were being held . 
  but then boom , bombs drop , aircraft suffers emp effect , bomb bay releases automatically , unprimed and outdated nuclear weapon lands harmlessly . 
  not entirely true . 
  once icbms were invented in the real world , aircraft-based nuclear weapons became entirely obsolete , and in the fallout universe highly impractical - it 'd be a waste of fuel ( which by that time was precious little ) to send fleets of aircraft on expected return trips all the way to the other side of the planet . 
  the bombs in megaton , and by extension in fort constantine , are more likely obsolete themselves and being rotated out of circulation , hence why they 're all huddled together in an isolated location , far away from any testing ground or airstrip , like fort constantine . 
  the megaton bomb was probably dropped by accident while it was being transported to constantine , hence why it was n't armed before being dropped . 
  this is gon na be such a wonderfully intense performance . 
  jon bernthal puts me on edge every time he 's on screen . 
  `` loose espa or de '' ? 
  whats `` de '' ? 
  `` he had a blunderbuss that spun around real fast , and shot bullets out of a backpack !, 
  never saw nothin ' like it ! '', 
  i 'm running new vegas redesigned 2 , but this appears to be more a product of dragbodys ncr trooper overhaul mod , which i 'm running as well . 
  god , someone finally said it !, 
  no idea , but its looking bleak either way . 
  after new vegas shifted the art direction , a good amount of fallout fans may not recognise adamowicz 's contributions , or will be ignorant of fo4 's artistic design regardless . 
  i , however , will silently mourn a beautiful and wholly underappreciated artstyle that we may never see the likes of again . 
  ring-a-ding-ding , baby . 
  notice how qyburn was the only one to give her a blanket and reassure her . 
  such a bro . 
  too small . 
  shiiiiit , i forgot he had one of those kept !, 
  but why would gregor need a head replacement ? 
  they look pretty menacing this time around without that goofy edge . 
  i 'll admit , i 'll miss their lines from fo3 . 
  `` wear your bones , around my neck ! '', 
  those few steps back at the end of the conversation would certainly suggest so . 
  surprised we did n't see him running for the vault when the news came through . 
  you need n't worry . 
  pretty much all the gameplay in that video was scripted , as confirmed by the ign journalist present . 
  probably because they knew no-one would believe a kotaku correspondent ... howard , you diabolical ... 
  if anything , it reminds me more of the new order 's gunplay . 
  which makes sense since a , it was awesome , and b , bethesda owns that too . 
  yeah , take it easy there mayor maccready . 
  luckily cod is far from the best comparison to what we 've * seen * of fo4 's gunplay . 
  if anything , its more like wolfenstein tno 's gunplay , which is pretty ballin ' . 
  edit : cheeserd , we do understand what you 're trying to say . 
  the thing is it 's utterly irrelevant , since nothing we 've seen of fo4 suggests any real comparison with call of duty in particular . 
  unless we 've been watching very different e3 conferences . 
  test runs , of course , to see if they 'd fit in . 
  just regurgitating what everyone else has said , but ;, 
  - the brim of the hat is totally different, 
  - the collar and general style of the coat is totally different, 
  - the tie is different, 
  - it 's not hard to believe that more than one set of that exact fashion was manufactured and available both pre - and post-war, 
  good spot on the androids robo-hand though , i never noticed that in fairness . 
  looks like he 's been taking codsworth apart for spares too . 
  why do you keep ( tm ) ing the word `` streamlining '' ? 
  that word is n't copyrighted . 
  agreed . 
  personally i hated the softness of the guns . 
  new order got the weight of shooting pretty much nailed down , so drawing from that pool would be a welcome decision from bethesda . 
  i had the same thoughts . 
  the plot would probably go all total recall , which i 'm up for . 
  to expand a little ( theory time ) , i reckon the player character is , in a sense , the `` original '' android , the only pre-war version of your kind . 
  the ones built by the institute when it became `` the institute '' are just semi-flawed attempts to recreate you . 
  hence why you become so important to the plot later on . 
  how did you end up in the vault ? 
  easy . 
  we all know the enclave also existed pre-war in the form of a cabal of industrialists , plutocrats , politicians and other wealthy elites , so its no surprise that robco , the mit and vault tec did some shoulder-rubbing . 
  i 'd wager that whoever built you ( mit or robco ) struck a deal with vault tec to preserve their prototype android in one of their vaults as `` non-standard equipment '' that only a few of the other dwellers know about . 
  hence why nobody tries to wake you up during the course of 200 years , and you are instead reactivated by some emergency protocol after everyone has died . 
  but hey , just spitballing here . 
  you see female soldiers in operation : anchorage , so its ( fairly ) established that the us army enlisted women . 
  but that 's for you to decide - who says medics were the only survivors ? 
  exactly . 
  if anything , this gives us more freedom than the `` child of a vault-dwelling scientist '' origin fo3 gave us , which i did n't complain about . 
  that would actually explain a lot , if the gameplay trailer is to be believed - although that may have just been a seperate , scripted event for demonstration purposes . 
  if they 'd used a later quest as a backdrop for using the power armour , they would 've risked giving too much of the story away . 
  well , its down to you at the end . 
  or he could 've just been shipped home on the first day of anchorage after a leg injury , hence only his basic training in weapons . 
  theory time . 
  robco or the mit built a prototype android , and wanted it preserved . 
  so they struck a deal with vault-tec to have them keep the prototype preserved and inactive in vault 111 . 
  in return they give vault-tec free robots or whatever . 
  well considering a , what we know about the fallout universes us army , b , i do n't have the exclusive access to the dev team necessary for a definitive answer , and c , playing simply as a veterans wife would be a comparatively lame enforced backstory , my best guess that yes , she will have a military background . 
  case in point ; she tells the husband `` you 're gon na knock 'em dead at the veterans ball '' , but does n't go into detail about which of them is the plus-one , which could easily be the husband instead of the wife . 
  numerous rumours and mentions during e3 conferences , along with the wife talking to the husband about the veterans ball they would be attending if not for the bombs dropping . 
  man , i 'm psyched knowing the power fist is probably gon na be modifiable . 
  i just hope we get options for shotgun shell effects , working buzzsaws , and all that wonderful shit . 
  oh shit , a defib-gauntlet would be pretty kickass . 
  wot kinda nob are yoo ? 
  get da power klaw !, 
  one leak rumoured that he 's joined up with the boston branch of talon company . 
  this happened to me too . 
  she was gushing about how they were going to be together forever ... while swinging a kitchen knife around . 
  needless to say i backed slowly away when the dialogue ended . 
  dragbodys ncr trooper overhaul and adam ( a definitive armor mod ) are probably what you 've forgotten the names of . 
  they 're just sterling . 
  to sum up , we 've seen rain in several instances of the e3 footage , and todd has told us about the zones closest to the sites where the bombs dropped , which have their own , fo3-esque atmosphere and will yield radiation storms that move around the game world . 
  so yeah , lots of weather . 
  because it just sounds like you really , * really * want the ncr shoehorned into fallout 4 . 
  from a worldbuilding standpoint , its just not possible for them to cross the entire continental us in any capacity at the time fo4 is set , and that 's the end of it .
