  despite fighting every urge that told him too , rolands knees buckled . 
  he collapsed onto his backside next to a heap of shattered ceramic dolls . 
  he wanted to beg , but he did n't speak russian . 
  he tried . 
  what must 've passed for a smirk among the strangers malformed kind crept onto the bolsheviks face . 
  he did not reach for his gun . 
  he did not yell '' * taboi ! * '' . 
  he simply approached , hobnailed boots crunching against the broken glass on the floor . 
  mister steige , you have a vistor ! '', 
  roland jerked awake , and found himself once more in the front room . 
  nurse akir stood nearby , hands clasped in front of her . 
  `` sorry to wake you , mister steige , sir , but theres someone here to see you ! '', 
  she scurried around behind him and grasped the rear handles of his wheelchair . 
  `` how many times have i told you , anita ? 
  i hate the name steige , just call me by my first name ! '', 
  `` my apologies , mister steige ! '', 
  roland brushed off the possible insult . 
  nurse akir had only been working in the home for a short while , and probably had n't learned anyones names yet . 
  * at least i learned hers . 
  `` i had that dream again , nurse . '', 
  he said as she pushed him towards the sitting room door . 
  `` the one where i was fighting . 
  i still ca n't remember how i got out of the city , just that ... that * man * i ran into . 
  its all i can remember . '', 
  `` you are having bad dreams , mister steige , i will ask head nurse what to do , do n't worry ! '', 
  lovely as she was , roland was fairly sure her responses were automated . 
  once they were heading down the corridor , rolands mind flipped another late switch . 
  `` hold on a second , whose visiting ? '', 
  nobody came to mind . 
  bertha was long dead , his son was studying in america , and all his friends were here . 
  * who the hell wants to come see a washed-up child soldier who does n't have to do so ? 
  nurse akir did n't have time to answer him before they entered the waiting room . 
  it was largely empty , save for someone elses family come to say hello and ... and ... 
  oh , * god * . 
  dressed in a pair of bootcut jeans and a leather jacket , the man turned his head to gaze directly at roland . 
  the clothes were different , and the skin was much cleaner , but that * face * . 
  the same gorilla-features , the same flat nose and square jaw , the helmet replaced with cropped black hair . 
  he looked right at the old man in the wheelchair , and * smiled * . 
  sorry about the wait ! '', 
  nurse akir cheerfully waved , unnessecarily , to the dream-made-reality as he stood up from the bench . 
  roland could only freeze as that familiar smirk crept across the former-bolsheviks face , and as he approached all the old man could hear was the distant crunching of glass underfoot . 
  solution : go for the basic scout model instead , for a hope of being recognised at all . 
  its much more doable , in any case . 
  4 cigs a day ? 
  could be worse . 
  still , seems to be an awful lot of people trying to get their girlfriends dependent on them ... 
  as a smoker , i can confirm that this can be a genuine insecurity . 
  many of us rationalise that if other people around us smoke ( particularly more cigs a day than us , at least in my case ) then we feel that we are n't doing that much damage to our health . 
  its basically nicotine-enforced denial . 
  of course i 'm fully aware of the damage i 'm doing to myself , the problem is i have very little self-motivation to quit , even after seeing so many `` consequences of smoking '' pictures . 
  * the lemon guy ? 
  tried e-cigs , but they do n't really do it for me , if you catch my drift . 
  shame really , i 'd be all over 'em if i could find one i liked . 
  more like `` view image  drag + drop '' , amirite ? 
  confirmed falsehood , it was one of those facebook worms that went around years ago . 
  they 'd send you false notifications like this as clickbait , then presumably lead you to a `` please take this survey '' link . 
  tested this by downloading one of my own photos from an alternate account i made . 
  yes , i am that paranoid . 
  the guy in the space marine armor , i believe , is gary sterley . 
  he 's got the best-built sm armor there is , and its crimson fists , so it checks out . 
  dkok guy i recognise from an ig-themed fb group i 'm a part of . 
  ca n't remember his name , but i distinctly remember him showcasing his `` blockhead '' helmet shield in a post somewhere . 
  nice to see these two guys met each other !, 
  ah , i remember now . 
  sterley 's armor has a power fist , and knox 's has a plasma gun . 
  its confusing since they both picked crimson fists , for some reason . 
  and considering the how much landmass a hex tile counts as , they beached themselves a good few miles !, 
  good to see some lesser-known-yet-awesome chapters getting some love . 
  the bone-colour details are particularly awesome . 
  a lot of things spring to mind here . 
  1 ) a few well-made faction mods drawing from relevant sci-fi universes , with similar starting tech-levels to be - like the helghan corporation from killzone , for instance , or the moon-nazis from iron sky . 
  hell , maybe get the strogg in from the quake series , and reskin some of the supremacy units to look more `` fleshy '' . 
  2 ) something similar to the `` ethnic units '' mod from civ 5 , that at least makes the tier 1 and 2 units ( where affinity has no influence on appearance ) look faction-specific . 
  for instance , the arc would keep the regular `` gun-toting niel armstrong '' look for their soldier unit , while the slavic federation would have something looking a lot more like a cyberpunk soviet-era cosmonaut . 
  meanwhile , some of the historically less-spacefaring factions ( franco-iberia , brasilia etc ) go the `` avatar '' route ; ie , near-future infantry uniforms with oxygen masks , which have nation-specific visual features . 
  3 ) an `` alien natives '' mod , which includes tribal-level alien humanoids with their own minor settlements whose presence ties into quest and affinity choices , and have lasting consequences ; ie , if you enslave or exploit them as part of the purity affinity , you risk giving them the tools and means to stage a revolt and cause you serious internal problems - go harmony , however , and you might be able to recruit them as more capable explorer replacements , and so on . 
  4 ) bit of a personal choice here , but a total conversion in the style of the r.e.d ww2 mod for civ 5 , replicating the wh40k universe . 
  only because the 40k vidya-game roster deserves an epic 40k-style grand strategy ... insofar as the civ model can be called `` grand strategy '' . 
  for anyone who is n't a fan , maybe something in a similar vein , but for other multi-faction sci-fi universes - as long as its done in the r.e.d style , with relevant changes to the units , tech trees and other gameplay systems that reflect the universe being adapted . 
  thats just my two cents . 
  `` thats , so true . '', 
  i agree . 
  the ultrasonic fence is a sensible option , but its op and breaks immersion pretty bad . 
  especially since the fence is invisible , despite the fact it has a two-tile-from-city coverage . 
  adding onto your other suggestions , maybe make it possible for covert agents to shut down the fences of enemy cities - used strategically , it could really ruin the day of a xenocidal enemy player when the pissed-off alien hordes pay him a visit . 
  i think it can be done in the advanced setup tab . 
  when selecting your civ , press the tiny-fonted word `` edit '' in that section , and the naming options should come up . 
  as far as i know , the calculations are triggered when one of your units actually `` takes '' the camp . 
  for example , i had an archer finish off a barbarian unit inside the encampment , but no result - once i moved in an adjacent warrior , however , my new brute popped right up . 
  `` earthling settlement '' seems like a strange place ... 
  also , not all space marines are ultrasmurfs . 
  and personally , i view harmony as more exodite eldar than tyranids - mostly because they ride around on xenosteeds and like greenish colours - and necrons have an equal claim to supremacy with the tau , if only for the similar aesthetics . 
  true , but like ragamufin i imagined it to be emitted through pylons arranged in a perimeter , rather than just an ultrasonic noise bubble originating from a single point . 
  `` until the next flu season '', 
  i 'm still floored by the idea that someone can compare the flu to ebola . 
  i have the same problem . 
  i wiped one out near my territory in about five turns ( for the territorial gains , of course - they were standing on some prime resource deposits ) , and daoming would n't stop bugging me until i wiped her off the map . 
  she should n't have bothered the space pope . 
  it is . 
  ca n't can the fran .
