  sure why not . 
  easier than being employed . 
  the midnight meat train . 
  sure the ending was lame , but i became genuinely involved in what i thought was gon na be a low-budget slasher piece of wank . 
  supernaut - turisas ,, 
  twilight of the thunder god - sabaton ,, 
  pet semetary - rammstein ,, 
  vandraren - ensiferum . 
  gambling in childhood starts with playing caravan . 
  probably already been said , but it would n't be scorching near the equator . 
  it 'd probably be the most temperate area , considering on our earth thats the area closest to the sun . 
  if we 're going with the idea that the planet doesnt rotate , the hottest point would be at the leftmost tip of the orb , where the sun is closest . 
  `` i can be your ruler '', 
  i have , looking forward to it . 
  seems to add a fair bit of new content - nothing particularly substantial , but worth a try . 
  if you 're looking for a bargain i 'd wait until after christmas , it 'll likely get slashed along with rome ii itself . 
  if not , you 'd only have to pay a pound/a dollar and a half extra than if you bought it now . 
  i agree . 
  none of that looks made in the m2tw engine , for starters . 
  not to mention the fact that stone giants and flying soldiers would be impossible to implement without massive , buggy workarounds on ground battles , let alone naval affairs . 
  jesus , its like a bag of euphoric cats, 
  damn , i have the same problem . 
  even unticked all my mods from the mod menu before loading the game . 
  any solutions yet ? 
  obligatory `` fucking milan '' comment, 
  i have absolutely no idea whats going on . 
  `` i also alerted them in 2011 to ian telling me that songs they 'd recorded were secretly about raping kids '', 
  yeah this just reeks of being made up . 
  to be honest the whole thing just sounds like she 's trying as hard as possible to stay on the right side of this case and not get bundled off with him on charges of aiding or negligence , without regard as to who she might be hurting or defaming in the process . 
  if they were recorded , though , would n't any attending sound technicians or company goons be sort of tipped off by all the `` subtle '' paedophilic lyrics ? 
  pretty sure the black hand were the serbian extremists who popped archduke ferdinand in 1914 . 
  oh , that and the guys from nod in cnc . 
  nice response , but that attitude could use some refining . 
  not gon na lie , this looks like an arma screenshot with a texture mod or something, 
  people on the outside just tend to get confused , rationally or not , when a phenomenon occurs . 
  i know how you feel , trust me . 
  in any case , thankyou for providing a concise evaluation of what i asked , it lends a little more perspective to the whole thing . 
  i 've seen these comics turn up all over those horrible facebook `` funny '' pages i ca n't bother unliking . 
  anyone know what they 're called or who makes 'em ? 
  i wan na see how far down the cringe-hole goes . 
  the main character that comes to mind for recasting is gregor clegane - who else ? 
  he 's just acting as he learned from his father . 
  ruthlessness and deception . 
  he killed his squire and threw bran from the tower for the same reasons tywin gave walder frey the go-ahead for the red wedding . 
  huh , wonder if he 's getting the three-forked blue beard as well . 
  though for the continuity sake of the show , it probably wo n't happen . 
  tyrion was n't given the time of day by his father . 
  unlike jamie , who tywin loved from the start , tyrion mostly had to raise himself . 
  he ended up taking on a different layer of deceptive cunning , but much of the ruthlessness stayed out of his upbringing . 
  he was a * capricorn !, 
  try looking up some visual infographics , they really help !, 
  jesus christ , its like an ethnically-indistinct big brother, 
  this made my insides twist in ways i never knew they could . 
  old but gold . 
  pretty fucked up huh ? 
  huh ? 
  huh huh huh ? 
  rest in peace < 3, 
  reminds me a lot of junji ito 's works , particularly his short manga called `` the doll '' or something, 
  just as a query , why is he taking it down ? 
  whats all this `` i ca n't take it anymore '' palava ? 
  are people bombarding him with hate mail or something ? 
  what , no wolfenstein ? 
  wait until you play killing floor . 
  its pretty much the same thing , occasionally broken up with that one harry enfield quote . 
  having `` modern '' romans look as though they 're from the 17th century is n't exactly `` believable '' . 
  edit : and i ai n't talking about coriolanus , just the star trek link . 
  cause ` e. . . dodges bullets , avi !, 
  and yet people in the background are still going about their business like nothing is happening ... 
  m2tw - gothic knights , apparently . 
  awesome to look at , badass weaponry mounted + dismounted , and very iconic of the late game . 
  they 're also exorbitantly expensive , and in my experience rather flimsy considering what you pay for - on foot or horse , they tend to drop far quicker than earlier knight units , even when you 're careful about what you attack with them depending on whether or not they 're mounted . 
  maybe its something to do with that bug/feature of two-handed weapons having no defense , but i dunno . 
  `` rome needs no king ! '', 
  general raider stuff , probably . 
  seeing as how they almost strangled one of their own over a bed , maybe its one of theirs as well who was on the wrong end of a disagreement . 
  that , or just some guy . 
  brrr, 
  utterly flacid , that guy must not be into nuns or something, 
  starbound nexus . 
  watch out for dong mods . 
  http://www.nexusmods.com/starbound/ ? 
  instructions on how to install mods are definitely floating around the internet somewhere . 
  call me simple-minded , but germany all the way . 
  it was better back when they could mass-produce landsknecht every turn , but amassing an army of barbarian meat shields early game is just too much fun - even if going on a war of conquest before inventing catapults is borderline madness . 
  furthermore , why would they do it naked ? 
  they can build interstellar spacecraft with stealth technology , but not some form of rudimentary hazmat suit ? 
  `` thompsons teeth !, 
  the only teeth strong enough to eat other teeth ! '', 
  her shoulderpads probably move whichever way she pouts her lips . 
  tywin , at one point , respected tyrion for his intellect , at the end of season one . 
  by the end of season 2 , however , he suddenly ca n't stand him again . 
  still , i would n't put a direct intervention from tywin completely out of the equation . 
  he 's one of the few people that sees and evaluates things with a rational head . 
  it wo n't be a nuclear war , but an attack on anti-nato territory leading to a two-week battle will wipe out 5 billion people ? 
  how is that even possible ? 
  its pretty much justified if the person you had interest in was directly `` leading you on '' , as it were . 
  this guy though typically does n't have that problem , yet still reckons he has cause to get mad because his usual method of being the typical `` nice guy '' did n't get the girls interest . 
  i. . . do n't get it, 
  `` and i thought this was just gon na be another borin ' day . '',
