  absolutely stunning . 
  especially the freehand insignia . 
  well done , well done indeed . 
  i always assumed it was `` with a berserker weapon '' - is this the case ? 
  well , this kinda links into what i 've been thinking - so far the only new zeds have been clot variants , the cyst and the slasher . 
  since they 're adding in new perks and maps , i imagine they 'll be adding new zeds which are offshoots from the standard roster , so they do n't screw with the balance or spawnlists too hard . 
  like the shiver , for instance , will probably be a stalker derivative , while the brute might be a go-between for , as you suggested , the husk and scrake . 
  i agree , they 're really just for slight variation on the clots role , since they serve the same purpose - swarm , grab and pin . 
  personally i think it 'll make more sense if they do `` variants '' for more of the classic zed types . 
  never has the cyst 's pitiful attack demeanour been so appropriate !, 
  out of curiosity , is this a bug ? 
  or is there actual infighting between the zeds now ? 
  'cause that 'd be pretty cool , in my opinion . 
  it 's more than likely . 
  we 'll probably get more zed types too as the early access stage advances . 
  i could n't continue after the thing about the poppies . 
  bad enough that shklee thinks it originated from ww2 , but is also more associated with americans than it ( rightfully ) is with the commonwealth ? 
  oh , and ;, 
  '' ... reminds me of my rapist father and is assembled with prison slave labour . '', 
  *** what ? 
  if totalbiscuit is anything to go by ( and since he was the first to spill the beans about the new boss + had a long game with the dev team talking about the game , i 'd assume he 's pretty reliable ) , there 's `` plenty more coming '' in terms of general zeds . 
   just earlier i saw someone welding a door to kill off a teammate . 
  when asked why he did it , he simply said he wanted more kills for himself . 
  brutal . 
  and outside of a gaming context would be rather disturbing . 
  yeah , i 've seen zeds teleport as well , though in my experience its usually a little more seamless . 
  i remember leaving one left alive while i ran to the trader ( i was playing solo at the time ) on the other side of the map - i round a corner , and suddenly , he 's right there , like some kind of scp . 
  the worst gripe i had with that scene was how obara pretty much jumped the gun with the monologue . 
  it 's like she had the whole thing ready while ellaria and the others were talking - as soon as ms. 
  sand pops the question , obara is fucking * off like a shot * , not even pausing to actually consider the question . 
  that , and the myriad of other ill-fitting components of this scene mentioned beforehand . 
  in totalbiscuits pre-early access video , where he conversed freely with tripwire employees about the games direction , he said they had told him that `` more zeds were on the way '' , if that means anything . 
  we could use commands like `` hole up in here '' , definitely . 
  easier than having to hand-type just as a wave is about to begin . 
  or release the hounds remotely ( somehow ), 
  nice graft from twd . 
  suggestion for the eagle-shoulderpad - use forge worlds brass etchings , specifically the small aquila ones , to bend around and glue to the standard scion shoulderpad . 
  worked for me . 
  forests are good , like you said , for health/food for your city , as well as certain civ bonuses ( ie , boudicca ) and a natural defence against enemy incursion . 
  however , the early-game production bonus you get for chopping them down is considerable and you probably did the right thing for the capital , at least . 
  if you want lumber-mills but do n't have the forests left for 'em , try settling another city where there are untouched forests ( assuming there are any left in unoccupied territory ) and put a mill in each one , save for where other strategic/luxury resources are . 
  woop , my bad . 
  usually it tells you automatically when a link has already been posted , guess i just did n't see it . 
  i read this as `` popped out the bush '' , and thought that was some kind of slang for taking a dump . 
  the pose of the rhino only compounded my concerns . 
  wait , did n't he punch tristane , or whatever the young martell is called ? 
  although bronn punched the martell kid square in the face ... the dornish are like to take that shit seriously . 
  it 's like booting tywin in the groin and expecting not to be hung . 
  what ? 
  the end of the line patriarch music . 
  ie i wish there was a mod that put some of the original soundtrack into kf2 . 
  drok ( the barbarian ), 
  i remember seeing this and being legitimately freaked out . 
  though , that being said , i remember talking to somebody about this and they had an interesting theory . 
  whoever was operating this profile ( and i 'm paraphrasing here ) likely had a learning disability or some other mental handicap , alongside a certain medical condition that required him to make frequent trips to , or long stays in the hospital . 
  therefore this art is either the result of a coping mechanism , or simply a depiction of his experiences as far as he can understand and rationalise them . 
  that being said this is wierd as fuck , but i can definitely see a pattern - boy with glasses ( constantly weeping ) hooked up to medical apparatus , with doctors taking on the forms of fictional characters . 
  again , likely a coping mechanism . 
  that , or as some commenters have pointed out on the page , all this is a supposed tribute to his friend `` roger '' who had marfan syndrome , and supposedly died last year - making the . 
  a quick google search will tell you that shit is unpleasant . 
  from that perspective , all this is more likely part of several unskilled attempts by the artist to keep roger motivated and happy during his ordeal . 
  not to rain on anybodies fun , but there is a story behind this , and it 's important to know the context . 
  i know , first time i saw this a year or two back i thought it was some bizarre , extremely-niche fetish thing . 
  personally i do n't know what 's going on with this guy , but i know what i know based on what my friend thought , combined with the general theme of the gallery . 
  no worries . 
  start out in black . 
  the whirring sound of a robotic arm is heard . 
  fade into an image of a retro-futuristic jukebox , clacking a record automatically into position . 
  the song is `` big rock candy mountain '' from the o brother where art thou soundtrack . 
  as the music starts , we zoom out slow , like in the trailers for fo3 and nv . 
  the jukebox is against a wall covered in the ashen shadows of nuclear blast victims . 
  we 're in the ruins of a bar - groups of raiders are drinking and fighting . 
  by the time we zoom to outside the bar , the interior erupts in gunfire as something unseen attacks them . 
  we zoom through the remnants of a city . 
  foot patrols of black-armoured guards , backed up by sentry bots can be seen , fighting or executing raiders and misc . 
  wastelanders . 
  by the time were outside the city limits , we pass an overhead road sign that says `` welcome to -- '' ; the cities name covered by a stencilled `` the commonwealth '' . 
  in the outskirts , atop the ridge of a small hill , a squad of soldiers in brotherhood recon armour lie on their bellies , barely moving , aiming binoculars towards the ruins . 
  it gets hazy in the middle , but we keep rising up a series of wasteland hills . 
  by the time we get to the line in the song `` where they hung the jerk , that invented work '' , we pass a tree where several people - or rather , androids , as judged by the cable-entrails that fall out of their bodies - are hanging from a large dead tree , decorated with placards with words like `` abomination '' written on them . 
  behind them , we see a huge ziggurat structure , spotlights piercing the sky , rising above the ruins - the institute . 
  finally , as the song comes to an end , we pan across a mass grave of twisted , half-human robotic bodies . 
  at the last line of the song , an android corpse , slumped against a different tree , slowly rises , and turns to face the camera before we cut to black . 
  cue ron perlman , cue the title . 
  and if stannis and brienne run into one another ... ? 
  can anyone tell me what that structure behind them is supposed to be ? 
  looks like a treehouse that ran aground somehow . 
  ashurs/tribal power armour - much more rugged and fitting for the setting than the more clean-cut pas . 
  failing that , merc troublemaker all the way - with tailor maid additions , of course . 
  sean pertwee has my vote . 
  i 'm actually surprised he has n't turned up in got yet . 
  in any case , he 's getting on a bit these days , but can still pull off a vibe of ruggedness that 'd suit randall quite well . 
  not entirely . 
  i 'd wager they 're just the female sparrows , and appropriate the septa 's headdress to go with their religious apparel . 
  actual septas working for the sparrows would be akin to gangs of nuns swearing allegiance to the ira . 
  going all hitman with a septa disguise , no less . 
  we definitely saw a few in season 2/3 ( whichever one introduced oona chaplin ) , tending to bodies on the battlefield . 
  ah , i forgot he was appointed to the position of high septon . 
  come to think of it they did mention it in the show , but it did n't come to immediate memory while i was typing . 
  apologies , i thought we were still on the subject of silent sisters .
