  - some of the star wars clones - a mix of the characters from clone wars and republic commando, 
  there 's probably more i 'm forgetting - the customisation options have had me super excited since the gameplay demos dropped !, 
  edit : formatting on a phone is hard, 
  not speculation so much as desire ; missions on moving trains . 
  how can they give us those badass-looking , razortrain-esque , two-track-hogging advent trains and not have missions where you fight your way across numerous , wide carriages and flatbeds towards the locomotive , where an outsider or other local alien commander awaits ? 
  manoeuvres would be a pain , but i like to think that 'd add to the challenge . 
  tell me about it . 
  there 's little worse than the unexpected sectopod or two on a landed supply barge . 
  arc troopers total conversion , ` nuff said . 
  droidekas and sbd 's would make for interesting enemies i think . 
  tell me about the ethereals !, 
  why do they wear the masks ? 
  and mosquito man makes six !, 
   the argentine heavy from the xcom : eu tutorial mission, 
  felix valdez , the real mvp . 
  * a lot of loyalty for a mind-controlled gun !, 
  by `` new canon '' you mean the eu , right ? 
  the no-longer-canon eu ? 
  the question says vader from empire , not from whatever comic book or computer game . 
  so however badly he can pummel an at-at outside of the movies , it 's irrelevant to the question . 
  power armour has been around for longer than the fallout franchise , let alone the fourth game . 
  do n't be silly . 
  come ... take a load off !, 
  my guess is they were mostly a capitol wasteland native . 
  then the brotherhood exterminated them , since man-machine symbiosis is abominable in their eyes . 
  i do n't remember any japanese in xcom 1 , but i too am disheartened by the lack of slavic and asian accents/language options . 
  in regards to the russian and polish languages , however , remember that they were added in from the language-localised versions of the game - at the time of the clips being filmed , its likely the polish and russian localised versions were not ( and perhaps , are not ) completed . 
  maybe they 'll turn up , we 'll see - otherwise it would probably impact xcom 2 's release somewhat , so i doubt they 'd just skip it . 
  `` if you ever wondered how a war would be conducted by a group of hippies , this is your answer . '', 
  do n't forget sir christopher lee . 
  he did a stellar job considering the cack he 'd been given to work with , and even managed to drum up a fairly enthusiastic attitude to the whole thing , particularly the lightsabre fights . 
  ohhhhh * boy . 
  good effort , but so many of the perks boil down to `` deal more damage to x '' , and the rank 2 perks sound virtually identical . 
  how about , for example , emp does n't do more damage to robotic enemies , but stuns them for one turn ? 
  sounds gruesomely interesting . 
  link ? 
  name ? 
  i hope the later-tier armour is aesthetically customisable . 
  not like simple reshuffles of synthetic musculature and glowing dots , but letting you switch between crysis-esque armour and rugged , military-style , cyberpunk designs . 
  so you 'd persecute , or support the persecution of , a group of people who are simply misguided ? 
   i 'm clearly correct here, 
  not that i disagree that the followers of abrahamic religions are often homophobic ( particularly those whose only source of education is the holy book in question ) , but you just made me cringe pretty hard . 
  who let the reactionary out of his cage ? 
  being misguided comes from believing that beheading sorcerers is the right thing to do or is otherwise acceptable because x. 
  being deserving of punishment comes from executing , abusing or persecuting ( or sanctioning such action ) a person based on some nonsense crime with no basis in reality that can loosely be justified because of x. 
  if you have n't gone and murdered a `` sorcerer '' , then you can probably be educated into either realising that sorcery does n't exist , or that you can at the very least safely tolerate and/or ignore its existence and practice . 
  belief and action are two different things . 
  snap , watched this last night !, 
  * you are violating the rule of law !, 
  damaging state property is tantamount to treason !, 
  and only deep in the interior . 
   ripley scott, 
  it does . 
  in recent vids i 've seen notable deviations between soldiers ; it seems a `` twitchy '' soldier will respond to hits with things like `` did i get him ? 
  i think i did ! '', 
  and a `` hard luck '' soldier will respond to move others with `` ugh ... 
  * fine !, 
  * '' so i 'd say yes , it does affect dialogue considerably . 
  if that 's the case , remind me to avoid hard luck . 
  we 'll have no whiny teenagers in this resistance movement !, 
  melee that sectopod with your knife ! '', 
  that 's because the other religions do n't glorify martyrdom as much as islam . 
  unfortunately , it was originally in the sense that you were a martyr if you died to save others , now it 's been twisted by various radical groups to mean someone who dies to * kill * others . 
  plus , as mentioned before , the 72 virgins nonsense has become a primary draw factor for jihadi recruiters . 
  it 's the glorification of martyrdom and the subsequent perversion of the term . 
  to advance a political goal and escape retribution upon your person . 
  you added just the right amount . 
  thank you , this helps put things into perspective . 
  small game compared to the tyranids from which they are based . 
  imagine a perma-flying ethereal-level psi-user that constantly either psi-lances or mind-controls . 
  or an organic , twice-as-large sectopod that , instead of the original beam laser , fires a cone of highly-aggressive thin man poison that eats 2-3 health per turn ... as a secondary weapon . 
  predator might be interesting . 
  a mission where your squad is on a mission to discover how a resistance hideout was brutally ransacked and the bodies grotesquely mutilated . 
  it becomes site recon with a single , highly-skilled enemy unit that can has its own concealment ( which it can re-enter at will ) , has a standard attack equivalent if not greater than the rangers blade , and also a highly-accurate blaster weapon it can fire from concealment . 
  might be easier than it sounds , but it would definitely be one hell of a tense mission ( if you do n't find out how to exploit it ), 
  you know what i just realised modders will need to add in ? 
  i was n't trying to fit them into the xcom lore or existing species , that 's not the point of this thread . 
  i 'm talking about actual predator . 
  and while the tech might not be impressive it 's more down to the tactics and surprise element that comes with facing this as-yet-unforeseen scenario of facing a singular , highly skilled and lethal alien . 
  i think its all about lining up your shot , stabilising the weapon , finding a good firing position , adjusting the scope etc. 
  sniper rifles are n't something you fire without setting up . 
  nah , that 'd just utterly break the immersion for me . 
  unless it was for a 40k-themed total conversion , or some other ip involving giant supermen in bigger suits of armour , i 'd want no part in it . 
  i downright adore the new `` getting on the skyranger '' theme , but it 's undermined by the blandness of the `` successful mission '' music . 
  edit : retracted skepticism . 
  for the most part this seems to be on the money , even though i 'm no fan of the guy . 
  might be effective against a ranged weapon , but a man with such twirling skill with a firearm might easily be able to instantly fire off a shot when he sees you go for your gun . 
  i feel like this should have been the last gunslinger perk on the tree . 
  it would if all you knew about the battlefield was jingoistic journalism and propaganda-laden sources , which is pretty much what the vast majority of britons were faced with . 
  `` obola '' has always been my favourite for just how ... well , you get the idea . 
  `` most famous muslim : osama bin laden . '', 
  gon na take a guess and say this site is heavily polarised enough to pull the misinformed `` obummer is a turrist '' card and is , therefore , unreliable . 
  i think it 's less the statement and more the implication and context . 
  the people who hold up these signs and share this laughable catchphrase are very often the same kinds of people who believe white genocide is a real thing - therefore , their beliefs likely involve getting rid of refugees entirely using the cologne incident as a pretext to do so . 
  ** chairman cheng will fail **, 
  i can visualise it as a somewhat significant reduction to aim - one easily countered by scopes and the appropriate pcs - and a slight decrease in crit chance , but double damage if successful . 
  already thinking up a `` minor characters '' list myself . 
  so far i 've got clarence boddicker as my sharpshooter , wild dog as my heavy , and pip bernadotte as a chalk-up between support and ranger . 
  cromulently done . 
  likely some mixture between a polysyllabic callsign and a numerical designation , i 'd imagine .
