  so satisfying . 
  i was just expecting them to drop several large , cleaver-like blades down the surface of the wall from the top when i heard `` scythe '' . 
  when this magnificent camouflage-lawnmower-death-pendulum swept those wildlings aside , i laughed with a mixture of incredulity and satisfaction . 
  you go , nights watch . 
  i guess that 's why olenna tyrell is so irritated by him . 
  certainly better than your spelling , at any rate . 
  i chortled . 
  the objective idea of stannis in a gorilla suit made me spit out my drink laughing . 
  who said there was an argument ? 
  confirmed by the lore , tytos lannister ( father of tywin ) was purportedly saved from an angry lioness by the then-kennel master clegane , and the three attack dogs that later became his house sigil . 
  fair point , and as others have explained certain maesters learn astronomy , so it makes sense . 
  thanks for the answers , everyone !, 
  best answer so far . 
  thanks for taking the time , the arbitrary calendar could be the answer !, 
  i 'm more curious as to what the hell is going on in this picture . 
  what 's claus von staffenberg got to do with the world cup ? 
  unless you were smart enough to bring spears , pikes , billhooks , or any denomination of polearm weapon . 
  hell , if it was n't for the dothraki horse archers , the wildlings could just stand in a big circle holding out pitchforks and win the battle . 
  i still miss the fn fal . 
  i think some reader reactions to missing content is justified , but sometimes it just seems like they have no idea what the word `` adaptation '' means . 
  a lot of adaptation work means streamlining a vast book with many characters ( especially grrms works ) and set-pieces for the purposes of cost-effective casting and production , as well as trimming out/overlapping/combining subplots of low consequence for the purposes of keeping it viewable by a non-reader audience , therefore making it more accessible and more profitable in the long run . 
  if d&d did n't do what they do , we would n't have a show at all - a more liberal adaptation would have vastly outgrown its budget and dwarfed its revenue , and would 've been panned as a confusing mess before being cancelled for good . 
  this is what i meant by `` justified reactions '' . 
  stannis being a glorified mook for melisandre being one of the things i dislike about the show . 
  must 've took some balls photographing it right next to him ... 
  so harmony turns them into covenant-enclave hybrids , supremacy turns them into sort-of those aliens from crysis , and purity basically turns them into gdi mooks ? 
  awesome . 
  well , after the medieval era westeros seems to be stuck in , the real-world equivalent was the renaissance , as we all know . 
  one of the main reasons this came about , however , was the discovery , exploitation and development of gunpowder as a weapon . 
  it can not be understated how much of a blow this dealt to the power of the landed lords . 
  castles and stone walls , once dominant features of the countryside that evoked power over the smallfolk , were rendered obsolete by the crushing power of the black-powder cannon . 
  the knightly system , its members once considered invincible by their subjects in no small part due to the expensiveness of their armour and weapons , were torn to shreds by lines of musketmen as their plate suits failed to stop the flying lead balls . 
  as in the renaissance , this shift in the way warfare was conducted , as well as the relative availability of this power , caused the knightly system and the power of the lords to shrink exponentially . 
  while its unclear whether gunpowder even exists in westeros ( and if it does , the maesters would have the monopoly on it , keeping it under lock and key most likely ) the equivalent would be magic , which is making a comeback thanks to the return of the dragons . 
  but again , thats all down to the availability of it ( which will likely be little for a long while ) and the allegiances of those who practice it . 
  conversely , if the long night truly comes and lays waste to the realm , whats left of the population might just throw out the now-vacant lordly positions and start a new society , but this , like most of this comment , is speculation at best . 
  anyone notice the massive technological disparity between district 3 and district 12 ? 
  like , the google-glass-esque headgear the top guy has on , and the soviet-era gas mask the little girl at the bottom has to deal with ? 
  do n't know about you guys , but i think thats a really cool method of showing the massive wealth/tech gap between the tops and the bottoms in panem . 
  i have to agree . 
  even if it was n't the stovepipe-boiler-esque helmet he wore in s1 , they should 've at least given him some form of bucket helm , since those things look brutal and imposing , just like the mountain is supposed to be . 
  instead they give him this wierd , patchwork-leather sallet ... and it looks abominable . 
  bifters . 
  i 'm hoping for a revamp of the patriarch , personally . 
  compared to all the other monsters in the original kf , he looked ... well , dumb as all hell . 
  fingers crossed we 'll get a more genuinely-threatening patriarch design , or even some new , multiple final bosses !, 
  join up with either one of the two most barbaric , atrocity-committing armies of the second world war in europe . 
  find yourself gripped with terror at the sound of people shouting in a foreign language . 
  spend at least several hours of gameplay bleeding to death . 
  i hear that most mobile phone games need wifi to maintain a link with leaderboards and , in some cases , in-game shops ( that usually cost real money ) . 
  might explain something . 
  no tie fighter/x-wing, 
  no empire at war/force commander, 
  no demolition, 
  but apparently , force unleashed is worth a mention ? 
  yeah , this list is hardly right on the money . 
  pretty much !, 
  we use small comic strips using sprites and 2d backgrounds as a format . 
  site is here ; http://www.spritewars.com/, 
  you could mix it up and make a stormtrooper with warpaint . 
  c'mon , should n't kids use their imaginations more ? 
  at first i thought this was just messages from a guy that would n't quit . 
  but then i realised it was a comment chain ... where other people could see ... 
  jesus christ , that guy really does n't give a shit . 
  all other options are heresy . 
  a pixellated version of the red wedding , by any chance ? 
  yes . 
  i 'd immediately recommend all of junji itos works to everyone on this subreddit . 
  of particular note are the gyo and hellstar remina series , definitely worth a read . 
  who would want judi stench for a mother , even fictitiously ? 
  too much ncr love here . 
  lets try something different ;, 
  `` with the legion suffering its second and final defeat at hoover dam , the once-mighty empire of 86 tribes now bore witness to its downfall . 
  caesar , still in poor health despite his successful medical operation , was brought down by a stress-induced stroke after the death of lanius and the slaughter of his army . 
  as his forces at the fort scattered into the wastes , broken and bitter , word travelled across legion-controlled arizona back to flagstaff , the capital , where it became clear that caesars grand dream was truly dashed . 
  from the east bank of the colorado river to the sprawl of the grand canyon , their once mighty empire crumbled back into a myriad of violent , warlike tribal identities , squabbling with and preying upon one another without distinction . 
  most of caesars surviving praetorians and centurions gathered up what soldiers and slaves they could , and became powerful warlords in their own right , descending east on the lands they swore to protect and carving out tiny dynasties in their own names . 
  but of all the new tribes , warmongers and raider clans that emerged from the fallout of hoover dam , none were so dreaded or feared as the ironhands . 
  after witnessing lanius 's death firsthand , the courier realised the end was near as ncr combat rangers closed in on the legions vast encampment . 
  the legates crack veterans , who had come to see the courier as an equal if not a superior to lanius in the buildup to their defeat , quickly joined him in their flight from the dam . 
  along the way , the couriers forces were joined by other retreating legionnaire bands , and together they carved a great storm of destruction across the now-anarchic territories of the legion , as if to punish all of their former subjects for their undeclared treachery . 
  absorbing or enslaving countless petty tribes that had sprung up in the empires collapse , the couriers army swelled in number and might , taking and holding a vast swathe of territory that would soon humble even caesars accomplishments . 
  the couriers technical knowledge allowed them to appropriate and restore the innumerable firearms , robots and power armour suits that had been left untouched by the technologically-backwards legion . 
  because of this , the couriers tribal dynasty soon became known as the `` ironhands '' , and were a fearsome sight as they marched across the arizona in their defaced , trophy-ridden t-51b suits , flanked by a menagerie of retro-fitted sentry-bots and securitrons brought back from the mojave . 
  as the courier and his mighty ironhands swallowed up the ruins of his mentors former empire and beyond , the whispers of runaway slaves and fleeing tribals now warn the mojave of the last uncovered reserve of crude oil , deep within the harsh wastes of the couriers dynasty of violence . 
  sure enough , ncr rangers patrolling the borders of the mojave tell of faraway columns of black smoke , and the distant rumbling of engines not heard in two hundred years rolling closer by the day . '', 
  all this near-future shite they brought in to new vegas . 
  as much as i love the game , shit like the marksman and assault carbines ( tactic00l rifles being the antithesis of retro-futuristic firearms ) , the out-of-place advancedness of cybernetics ( the plating on rex , for instance , looks waaaay too new and standard-futuristic to belong in the setting ) and the contents of the big mt ( proton axe , brightly-coloured robo-scorpions etc ) kind of take a dump all over the retro-futuristic themes of fallout . 
  fo3 is guilty of this too , especially the dreadful `` crimson dragoon '' stealth armor in operation anchorage . 
  another thing is also how things go too far opposite , and we get some truly ridiculous designs that are hard to take seriously . 
  the securitrons , for example - the other robots in the game , protectotrons , mister gutsy 's , sentry bots , all look appropriately functional and brutally utilitarian . 
  the securitrons just look like tv-screens on unicycles , and look way too overloaded by the size of their bodies , and all those weapons and the ammunition they carry around ( which , also , looks impossible to all be mounted in one securitron . ), 
  something about insurgent groups using american/nato equipment ( the humvee ) is really unsettling for me . 
  i used to be a major hunting rifle / .44 magnum user , but after playing fo3 again i am pretty much reliant on my trusty modified laser pistol . 
  even before i gave it a scope , its pretty much kept me alive throughout the hardship that is fwe . 
  although in my current playthrough of new vegas , i still stick to the hunting rifle , alongside lil ' devil , the three shooter and my trusty home-made plasma rifle . 
  all of them . 
  the troublemaker , in particular , means serious business , what with the leather overcoat , jeans , boots and bullet-belts setup . 
  the cruiser and veteran outfits make you look like a genuine wasteland metalhead in those leather vests , and the charmer has a. . . well , an old-world charm to it . 
  is it a suit ?
