  that was a pretty embarrassing comeback , bro, 
  do n't know if anyone has mentioned that it 's * loud as fuck * ( and therefore a zombie magnet ) , but that too . 
  saves me from saying taliban twice , is all . 
  the closest thing iraq had to secularism was saddam and the ba'ath party . 
  that 's long gone , and their supporters with it . 
  i said gone , not dead . 
  those who survived have abandoned secularism and become part of the fundamentalist war machine instead . 
  thank you , however , for giving me the opportunity to elaborate . 
  when 's the last time you saw or even heard of one , exactly ? 
  they were shut down a while back after getting told to fuck off by locals . 
  could 've been something akin to an [ obrez-pattern mosin nagant . 
  jordan , turkey and the lebanon have taken on hundreds of thousands , even though the fighting is actually * spilling over their borders * . 
  saudi arabia and qatar , on the other hand , have done predictably little ; though if they had , it 's more than likely the refugees would be press-ganged into the horrible working conditions those nations are famous for subjecting foreign labourers to . 
  same . 
  i always went off-road and made a beeline straight up from boulder city towards vegas . 
  imagine my surprise when i did my third playthrough , and remembered that there was a road i should 've been following ... 
  what was wrong with dead men walking ? 
  i personally really enjoyed it . 
  believe me , they are nowhere near as rare as you think . 
  liverpool did . 
  talks are in progress for secession as we speak . 
  cheers . 
  have fun with your tumbling currency and imminent housing crash . 
  shit , wait a minute ... 
  good to see you have n't lost your hideous lack of self-awareness . 
  uh ... lyanna was abducted . 
  `` ran off '' and abducted are two very different scenarios . 
  how does being taken against her will and raped make her a cunt ? 
  the emperor himself goofed hard when he decided to annihilate lorgars most prized city to `` discipline '' his son , thus beginning his descent towards the dark powers . 
  how would things have gone if the emperor simply opted for a father-son talk ? 
  that quotation may not necessarily mean `` we 're not racist '' . 
  it may mean something a little more sinister , ie `` we are above racism and nationalism because those are silly lefty cuck words used to silence freeze peach , we 're realists '' etc. 
  then again , i do n't know too much about 40-1 , so somebody feel free to correct me . 
  there is an irony there , to be sure , though there 's a marked difference between nationally-exclusive bigotry ( ie , little-englanders ) and the far more sinister overarching belief of pan-european white supremacy , to which exhibit a appears to subscribe . 
  because this ideology obviously depends on pre-determined genetics and not on the ability to create coherent arguments , it 's no surprise brat here is making a tit out of himself . 
  but if the members refuse to leave , why should there be any delays ? 
  they 'd do the same to us !, 
  i need to know where the rest of these are . 
  not so much the problem they present as much as their numeracy . 
  we 've got a shitload , but they 're laughably small and incompetent , by and large . 
  guess north africa just is n't on your globe at all , eh ? 
  so you 're saying that the formation of the afrika korps in response to italy 's crippling defeats in north africa , and later the invasion of italy , had absolutely no effect on the amount of troops at the wehrmacht 's disposal during key engagements on other fronts ? 
  going off of africa , what about the raf 's relentless and punishing air raids on german military industry , and their constant victories over the luftwaffe ? 
  what about the royal navy 's efforts in the atlantic and baltic oceans to contain and thwart german efforts at sea , or their execution of the lend lease campaign that played a huge part in preventing soviet russia 's total collapse ? 
  all this while the nation was bombed into pulp , it 's armies decimated by the german blitzkrieg and its allies crushed beneath hitlers jackboots ; were those sacrifices and herculean efforts simply throwaway charades in comparison to the more `` cinematic '' moments of that terrible war ? 
  i do n't doubt the titanic struggle and loss endured by the russians was critical to the wars end , nor that the united states ' involvement was anything short of essential to victory on the western front and the pacific , but to discount the efforts of the united kingdom - unique in that it fought the war from start to finish , alone for years and with barely a thought of surrender - is nothing short of childishly naive . 
  combat 18 and national action are the most prevalent and openly-neo-nazi , but there are numerous splinter groups and gangs out there that fit the bill . 
  add other far-right factions like britain first and the edl and the picture becomes clearer . 
  shotguns ? 
  i did n't know battlefront players were that nostalgic . 
  by all means . 
  curiously , how did you come across her ? 
  poor reception ? 
  do elaborate . 
  also , for the record , i 'd prefer the shpagin-41 . 
  buzz buzz , fritz . 
  hence why i refer to them as `` far-right groups '' and not `` fascists '' , even though the two are alarmingly similar . 
  headcanon : ben garrison is running out of money and now has to draw his own brand of hentai on commission . 
  *** why is n't it snapping ?!, 
  tanks are useless in a zombie apocalypse . 
  they 're loud and slow , which attracts zombies and makes it hard to outrun them for long . 
  their weapons are designed for long-range engagement , making them worthless when zombies start grasping at the hull . 
  you could crush some , but eventually all that dead meat would gum up even the most well-built of tank treads . 
  finally , once they swarm the hull like bees on a guinness record contender , if they do n't crack the hatch open you 're still left with no exit points that allow for a quick and bite-free escape , meaning once you 're out of fuel and traction you 're basically consigned to starve to death . 
  source : twd-style zombies as a best-case scenario, 
  edit : also account for the crew and skill requirements needed to effectively operate a tank . 
  if you do n't have someone to sit in the commanders cupola while you drive , for instance , or do n't even know how to work the gears or undertake basic repairs , you 're fucked even harder . 
  my point was that durability is meaningless when nothing about the vehicle is designed to content with swarms of hungry corpses in melee range ; aside from the treads , but i accounted for that . 
  how long before you run out of shells ? 
  how long before the zombies are underneath the firing arc of the machine gun ? 
  that reminds me , you need 4-5 people to crew this thing effectively ; if you ca n't find em , your chances are even worse . 
  pc , i 'm afraid , and a red orchestra fan at that, 
  dare i dignify this straw-clutching nitpicking with a response ? 
  best not , i suppose . 
  rather , i wish you well . 
  said the trumpeter, 
  i lean towards the former . 
  always been more of an eastern front kind of guy . 
  not quite . 
  more like 40 lashes or a short prison sentence at worst . 
  the extremes of female garb and the severity of punishments directly correlate in islamic countries . 
  ca n't remember the guys name , but the isb guy 's helmet certainly looks like a legionnaire-inspired version of the navy trooper helmet . 
  so you 're right about that , at least . 
  that , and they looked too clean . 
  the grime factor really works for all that white armor here . 
  b-but islum is n't a race !, 
  f-freeze peach !, 
  / r/forwardsfromgrandpa, 
  never remember the flamethrower being very effective . 
  if they brought back a redesign in the style of battlebots ' complete control , however ( including that blowtorch-type flamethrower as opposed to bash 's flimsier weapon ) , i could see him being a serious threat in s2 of the new wars . 
  my only beef with team dantomkia was how they acted * compounded * with the fact that the robot was inherited from its previous owner . 
  i got a little flustered when i saw the guy from al 's toy barn hitting the machine with a hammer as a joke ; how would the original designer feel seeing that , especially since it was named after his kids ? 
  however i do agree . 
  craig from foxic was apparently super-helpful behind the scenes and only looked like an arsehole thanks to the editing . 
  he , at least , does n't deserve the hate . 
  though personally i think it 's just a memetic thing rather than actual zeal . 
  edit : just received a reply testifying towards the new teams ' competence and worth from the original owners of dantomkia . 
  on that note , i retract this criticism . 
  please move along . 
  series ' 2/3 were much the same .
