  for instance , the muton becomes `` vanguard-0918 '' , the sectoid becomes `` empath-8211 '' , etc, 
  i do n't really buy that civilian clothing thing . 
  are n't advent soldiers pretty much entirely alien above the nose and mouth ? 
  or are these fake civilians always dressed wearing sunglasses and large , obscuring hats ? 
  not to mention profoundly irritating . 
  as mentioned before , it can activate pods - in christopherodds avenger defense mission , he flew over to hack a mec and ended up activating two stun lancers and a muton with the gremlin . 
  badlands . 
  given advent 's rapid relocation/technological-progression motives , i would n't be surprised if vast swathes of previously-uninhabited or sparsely-inhabited areas ( various large deserts , rural communities ) were turned into dumps for both material ( old world military equipment , aircraft , satellites ) and chemical waste . 
  we 're not just talking the desert reimagined here - i 'm talking more like the surface of helghan in killzone 2 , all but uninhabitable . 
  it 'd make great cover for both advent blacksites and the hardiest resistance camps , too . 
  aw man . 
  now i really want to see an opening for attack on xcom ( shingeki no advent ), 
  but the crimes still happen . 
  i suppose it works , as long as you do n't mind seeing countless lives - native and foreign - ruined by them . 
  while i do n't agree with what you 're insinuating , i 'll always upvote a simpsons reference . 
  you win this round . 
  lots of voice variety in that game , looking forward to it . 
  though do n't both the steam workshop and nexus site throw shitfits about third party content ? 
  thank god it 's actually a new model and not just a crudely-shrunken version of the assault rifle . 
  hell , they even went the whole nine yards and gave it unique-looking weapon mods . 
  digging the p90 vibes from the rear-loaded magazines . 
  awesome stuff . 
  ** rack . 
  bang . 
  maybe i 'm just too excited to remember things pinpoint , two days to go !, 
  and they 're all hideous . 
  i get how they 're meant to look like gutted , refitted advent helmets , but i think they overdid it with the ridiculous , king tuts ' crown-esque proportions, 
  who the hell chews on a candy cane like a cigarette ? 
  do n't worry , they 'll mod it in soon enough . 
  i like the idea of having jackets that appear to be worn over the base armour . 
  you can use the torsos and arms to form a full jacket , or just the torso as a sleeveless vest . 
  though i had leather biker jackets in mind . 
  second row , centre column . 
  surround with resistance comms and proving grounds as an essential . 
  as for number or late-game , i could n't tell you . 
  though from christopherodd 's video he seemed to only have one , and he appeared fairly late-game himself . 
  sweet , delicious gravey, 
  what does the last one say ? 
  the foreground sculpture seems to say `` cliche '' , but what about the background one ? 
  there 'll be a mod for that , and likely soon given the modifications already being made to guerilla ops missions . 
  i was primarily disappointed by the lack of customisation and variety in later-game armours . 
  plated armor : alternating choice between two very similar varieties of mismatched or matching arms and legs . 
  sleevelessness . 
  no chest modification . 
  generally hideous given the shiny metal that you ca n't get rid of . 
  same with the spider and exo suits . 
  warden armor : literally fucking nothing besides , again , sleevelessness and some hokey decals . 
  again , made hideous by an unchangeable feature , ie those glowing blue lines running all over it . 
  no option to make it look like anything other than the crysis armor . 
  same with wraith and war suits . 
  holding out hope for a mod that lets you make the plated armour look more like repurposed , bolted-together advent armour - man , their shit was so much cooler . 
  oh yeah i get that , it annoys me too but it ai n't unfixable by any means, 
  anyone know what happens when an xcom soldier is captured ? 
  what exactly does it do ? 
  the salt is real, 
  oooooh shit , i forgot they redid the blaster launcher !, 
  now all i have to do is draw it out of a hat . 
  this is the kind of roleplaying drama that i love this game for . 
  awesome stuff . 
  question - do weapon mods to the sniper rifle apply to the pistol ? 
  you lost me at `` fortress complex '' - does n't fit with the idea of a resistance to me . 
  makes me think this would be a good `` marksmans rifle '' for the sharpshooter . 
  a weaponised version of eu 's `` snap shot '' ability . 
  was anybody else really disappointed by how the avatars looked ? 
  with all the buildup and the potential for existentially-terrifying aliens , do n't you think the design team could 've come up with something better than the scuba-diving super saiyan ? 
  `` meh ... nothing personal , * jedi * '', 
  what are you , american ? 
  or just charles dance from charles dance 's life, 
  it 's a mod called `` drops expanded '' or something like that , does the same thing for me . 
  it 's on the steam workshop somewhere . 
  i 'd wonder the same thing about a lot of american films , to be fair . 
  i imagine a shieldwall-like ability that counts as a half-action . 
  keeps him close to the enemy yet protected between turns . 
  `` media stereotypes of women '', 
  if you 're such a chronic consumer of trash tv that you ca n't differentiate your own ambitions from those of fictional characters then i 'm flabbergasted you even know what a stem field is . 
   edit 3 : www.imgur.com/kf3aaty wtf is up with aryas eyes ? 
  she was blinded at the end of s5e10 . 
  this relies on the belief that prison is a nicer place than it actually is . 
  `` white wolves terror crew '', 
  i forgot you could oppress terrorists . 
  you do n't give yourself a name like that if you 're only about peaceful protest , just saying . 
  even jihadi 's are generally smarter than white supremacists . 
  must be a sore point with 'em . 
  tried running this and testing out whether my mods work in the character pool . 
  they do n't . 
  is this normal or is it a sign it just is n't working ? 
  also , now that i 've used this launcher xcom 2 wo n't start from steam . 
  what am i doing wrong ? 
  at least he was n't playing ... * computer geems . 
  more like he arrives just before . 
  remember , he turned up with jaime . 
  dumb question , but i noticed `` prototype sectopod '' in one of the images . 
  do n't remember that enemy in-game . 
  * `` advent stun lancers !, 
  or even korea , for that matter , rather than just a small part of it . 
  it has some cool options at kevlar level , but as with the base game the variety tanks at the mid-to-late game armours . 
  literally the additions at plate and warden are little more than darkened versions of the basic options . 
  the hairstyles are pretty horrible for the most part , especially when they randomly show up on vips . 
  i hate looking at the engineer in my proving grounds with the `` wrecking ball '' topknot . 
  headgear options are neat , pretty eclectic too , though someone needs to go in there and put them in the right categories ( gas mask as a full-headgear option ?
