just saw one of these on the shelf of my local forbidden planet today . 
  couldnt stop drooling , swear down . 
  but op, 
  he 's an odd person , you know this . 
  my phone often runs out of battery pretty quickly , so before i go to bed i set an alarm and put it on charge and go to sleep . 
  now the plug for the phone charger is at the foot of the bed , so when the alarm goes off i have to sit up , go over to get it and turn the alarm off . 
  by the time i 'm sat up and rang awake by the alarm , i 'm not in any mood to go back to sleep . 
  is that a halloween decoration in the upper left-hand corner ? 
  `` people who annoy you '', 
  that means hitler must 've had siblings ... 
  i thought he was an only child ? 
  so wait , all of ireland and western ponto-caspia are covered in landfish ? 
  the resemblance ... oh christ, 
  i mean all of junji ito 's works are terrifying , but this one stands out in particular for me . 
  just ... * brrrr *, 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zh5knx1bt64 my exact reaction to the idea of an scp live-action series, 
  some of them had metal growths that resembled horns , but the idea that horned helmets contained actual ram/bull horns is pretty ludicrous . 
  example : http://www.museumsyndicate.com/images/5/45329.jpg, 
  i dont even care , that thing is adorable, 
  never in a million years . 
  the novelty of the simpsons died years before the first movie , around season 10 . 
  although the first movie had its moments . 
  but it ... was n't good, 
  there is no kind of testudo formation designed to defend against charges . 
  it doesnt really look like an actual testudo , just a bunch of roman soldiers covering their heads with their shields . 
  kind of a proto-testudo if you ask me . 
  personally though i thought this feature was automatic , that when they came under fire , they 'd just raise their shields above their heads . 
  still , a toggle option is also cool . 
  ultimate creepy . 
  that 's a sapping point you 're describing . 
  a gallery , as mentioned , is more like a rolling bunker i think . 
  could n't listen to this the whole way through , way too creepy , good find op, 
  scp-2148 was initially brought to foundation attention when citizens in the area of bc , canada reported a loud , continuous and frightening noise , apparently resembling that of a [ data expunged ], 
  usually always the most creepiest, 
  `` getting a refund because of this '', 
  genuinely just saw that response . 
  its going to the great eye , like everything else !, 
  the ai tries to do this a lot , i once conquered both of the territories belonging to one of the minor alpine tribes and they spent then turns throwing everything ( read : one or two-unit armies , usually compromised of slingers + the generals unit ) they had at genoa . 
  brave little bastarnae , i 'll give 'em that . 
  how do you rename settlements , curiously ? 
  edit : just realised there actually is a settlement called arse ... 
  i nearly fell over laughing, 
  solid gold . 
  yes , yes and yes . 
  might just find and reinstall this ( wherever my copy is ), 
  funnily enough that 's how i ousted the carthaginians from lilybaeum and karalis , and it worked like a charm . 
  tried to do the same thing to the spartans when they took karalis and ... nothing . 
  no rebellion they could n't deflect or put down , anyway . 
  so now i 'm skeptical on using that on syracuse, 
  shouldnt that be `` the other 30 '' ? 
  rome retakes syracuse ;, 
  `` anyone wan na grab a drink ? 
  theres still time ! '', 
  `` not in my bloody unit , there isnt ! '', 
  yeah i 'm pretty much at war with the hellenic triumvirate now , as long as i can keep swatting the spartan armies back into the sea i think i can win this :p, 
  ah , well this is pleasing , i thought '' -1 per turn '' meant that public order would decrease by 1 per turn . 
  thanks for the clarification !, 
  unless the god damn spartans swoop in and take it first . 
  clever idea , but pretty naff editing . 
  still , good vid, 
  but theres like , a bajillion mods that already reskin the game ... 
  a reskin of original rtw , basically . 
  i guess the poor guy never heard of europa barbarorum or roma surrectum : /, 
  its okay . 
  they only have one province , like you said . 
  what particularly disturbed me was the one scene immediately after they make it past the atlantic wall bunkers . 
  two wehrmacht soldiers climb out of a trench to surrender , screaming in czech that they didnt kill anyone , that they arent germans . 
  the americans just mow them down anyway and make off like heroes . 
  plus the `` dont shoot - let 'em burn ! '', 
  remark . 
  murricah . 
  must be awesome to pick at . 
  they poked in that direction once . 
  look up `` spartan total warrior '' . 
  such a sick game . 
  following rome 2 on facebook and i hate , hate , hate seeing all this whiny bollocks . 
  fair props to the people who complain about geniune disappointments such as the lack of promised depth and variety , but people who just whine on and on `` guhr make it work ca you cunts you 're a failure of a game company '' etc ( and thats the majority of them ) is quite frankly embarrassing . 
  so is nobody onto the news that she did n't fire a single shot during the whole thing ? 
  all she did was ram the white house gates . 
  got excited once the bondage began . 
  then my bullhead was sent west . 
  thats some junji ito-level shit right there . 
  looks more like a startled gasp than a scream tbh . 
  looks like a mixture between kratos and that thing from courage the cowardly dog ... you know the one i mean . 
  ugh , this is some serious red pill shit, 
  did you even read the title of this page or, 
  whats with that little barbarian pocket in the alps ? 
  jesus christ is that a titan, 
  he kind of sounds like the enormous conspiracy nut of the senate . 
  `` it was the carthaginians , i tell you ! '', 
  `` walder freys visually disheartening genetic menagerie '', 
  lost my gum damn shit right there, 
  the fly 2 ? 
  never seen it , but in the original film jeff goldblum 's character vomits white digestive fluid as he starts to change into a fly-man . 
  i read the plot synopsis of the second one and apparently his son is involved , might be worth looking up . 
  bow before the banner of the squid !, 
  all this makes me think is that geralt is secretly , in this moment , euphoric . 
  ever notice how you ca n't influence diplomacy with them through gold ? 
  ... you have to pay the iron price . 
  looked more like a hovercraft from the thumbnail,
