  overall neat additions , especially good for your designated nut job , but seems to be pretty lazy in some aspects . 
  still hoping on better in the alien hunters dlc . 
  love to know how those shoulder-pads were made/where they come from . 
  if you have n't seen the absolute torrent of neo-nazi 's , radical neo-conservatives , and people who work themselves up into a foul-mouthed fury about childrens cartoons on youtube comment sections , then yes , you have been incredibly lucky . 
  great setup , painful ending . 
  sharptooth blackface man had no pretense to even be there . 
  should 've stuck with the spooky doorway instead . 
  good old lebensraum . 
  nothin 's more profitable than that !, 
  just to clarify ; pig iron productions were originally shutting down , but are now making a comeback of some sort , with old lines being re-added and new stuff coming too . 
  their facebook page has ( slightly ) more information . 
  not to mention the pile of children 's shoes in the pale man 's domain . 
  remind you of anything ? 
  it 's so dense . 
  every photoshop has so much going on . 
  i think it 's just the clots and their derivative types that should have this feature . 
  after all , they 're the games atypical `` zombie '' types , and it was neat when they did it in the first game . 
  as for the gorefasts , i could picture them ruthlessly chopping at a dead body to help their zed pals eat up . 
  certainly worked on me . 
  one of my favourite parts of the game . 
  i do n't even have that mod installed ; is it till worth looking into ? 
  do n't have the crafting workbenches mod . 
  also just tried replacing the files and booting up the game , no such luck . 
  i meant the category of settlement building , the crossed screwdriver and spanner symbol . 
  i can use anything else in the workshop just fine , but it crashes once i go to the crafting category . 
  shadowsword . 
  conceal it in the ruins of a cathedral or something so it can fire the first shot . 
  right now i 'd like one by andrew station , just outside the castle . 
  seems like a good outpost for that region . 
  if i could , i 'd give this gold . 
  looks to me like they 're trying to bring about the second coming through child sacrifice ( the burning crib , for instance ) . 
  here are my thoughts on why it was in english/westerosi , for any who care to listen . 
  the original `` kill the masters '' was a simple sentence , probably the most grammatically-advanced the slaves could write in - or , possibly , written by one of the `` educated '' slaves ( such as that guy who was a teacher-slave and wanted to go back to his job ) . 
  it 's in westerosi because the slaves probably saw that as being an adulatory gesture towards daenarys , since they probably know where she comes from . 
  meanwhile , the counter-graffiti was also written in westerosi since it mocks the original slogan , while also being directed at the linguistic qualities of the message and the khaleesi herself . 
  as someone said below , it 's also a pretty good indicator of who could be in charge of the soth . 
  ah hell , why not ? 
  * kill the mods !, 
  maester qyburn , i 'm small council . 
  you 're a big star . 
   they do n't even have to convince ramsay it 's really rickon , it would n't necessarily matter to him [ ramsay ] as long as he could tell everyone else `` rickon stark '' was back and has asked ramsay to rule in his stead until he comes of age or whatever . 
  so basically the same as the `` faux-arya '' ploy in the books . 
  i like it . 
  plus roose is dead , so its not like there 's anyone on ramsay 's side who can identify him . 
  or totally flat characters written by people who have , bizarrely enough , forgotten how to properly portray feminine strength, 
  or rather , the campaign 's big bad . 
  would n't make sense if they were multiplayer-only and had no campaign presence whatsoever . 
  reckon d&d have the same convictions ? 
  just recognised the future ser rodrik cassel at the back-right ; or am i mistaken ? 
  looted some industrial-grade meat tenderizers from an imperial abbatoir . 
  * dat 's sum reel flash , dat is !, 
  he 's also working on behalf of infowars.com , the famous neurotic echo-chamber founded by alex jones . 
  that by itself is a good indicator of ... well , wrongness . 
  why not ? 
  i 'd say it 's spot on . 
   they follow the qur ` an ~ ~ thoroughly ~ ~ literally . 
  ftfy . 
  the majority of religious people tend to take the words of their holy book with a pinch of salt , as it were ; more lifestyle guideline than historical document . 
  literalists , on the other hand , believe everything they read to be cast-iron fact ( much like right-wingers on social media ) , and believe that the only way they can spare themselves gods wrath is to `` do his work '' , as it were . 
  i may be getting the specific denomination wrong , but southern baptist christians are quite the same ; they just have n't had a region at war in which to thrive . 
  inversely , you 're forgetting that a very high number of terrorist operators are illiterate , or otherwise unable to actually read a qu ` ran . 
  they are dependent on cabals of radicalised clerics and literate men to pretty much tell them whatever suits their goal . 
  want to knock palmyra down ? 
  talk angrily about the prophet 's views on idolatry . 
  need an attack on a european city ? 
  quote the famous `` kill the infidel '' line without context . 
  but for the love of allah , do n't mention mohammeds covenant of peace between islam and christianity ; that would send the wrong message . 
  wbc is n't based in a wartorn or backwater region where there is no educational competition to political-religious fundamentalism . 
  it 's bad enough he sounds like an automaton trying to emulate totalbiscuit , but what freaks me out the most are those perpetually-reddened saucer-eyes . 
  * brrr *, 
  who says its a push for female astartes ? 
  looks more like a `` just for fun '' work . 
  while i 'm not disagreeing you ... the lore also stated that the necrons are emotionless harvester-creatures enslaved to the c'tan . 
  the fluff is n't as concrete as you 'd think when there 's money to be made . 
  you 're overestimating just how much imperial/mechanicum institutions understand about space marine creation . 
  they have absolutely no real idea how it works ; in the 41st millennium , the procedure is replicated as-written from the emperors ' original method , without any real deviation save for non-codex alterations to deal with gene-seed corruptions - at this stage , it 's more ritual than surgical procedure . 
  given how reluctant techpriests are to make basic alterations to guard vehicles , for instance , how do you think they 'd feel about chopping up , watering down and - at least in their eyes - perverting the emperors greatest gift ? 
  no , they are n't . 
  they 're an abhuman species that `` evolved '' from humans living on high-gravity worlds . 
  no genetic tampering whatsoever , and since there 's no chaos corruption at work , they are n't classed as mutants . 
  you know what i find a bit silly ? 
  now i have n't got warhammer : total war yet , but i could tell from the pre-release screenshots there was a variation mechanic between individuals within a unit . 
  now if that 's the case , why do the giants in these screens all look identical ? 
  given they 're basically creatures of individuality , armoured out of whatever scrap they could find and herded into loose groups , would n't they look far more diverse than one another in the way , for instance , chaos warriors would ? 
  i mean take a look at the [ actual games workshop kit ] (, 
  https://www.games-workshop.com/en-gb/aleguzzler-gargant ) ; back in the day , this model was a big deal for just how many combinations of unique giant a collector could make . 
  did ca just not care enough to add a few different armour combinations and faces to the giants ? 
  just seems lazy to me . 
  forgot what good boy points were , thought op was the first britbong tendie-hoarder . 
  `` he 's really showing us what a man with a cannon in his chest can do ! '', 
  then what do you fill the gaps with ? 
  could n't be bothered with nothing but the stock pipe weapons for most of the game . 
  plus i do n't recall double-barrel shotguns being that hard to manufacture , after all they were invented in the 1800s , right ? 
  wait ... why would plasma weaponry be plentiful ? 
  by the enclave , iirc , so not in massive numbers and generally kept out of wastelander hands . 
  what you find in the commonwealth is in much the same situation as the x-01 armor ; bits and pieces that were n't destroyed by their owners when the enclave fell . 
  that 's s2 , in renly 's tent iirc, 
  since when did this sub become a hive for alt-right nonsense ? 
  pakistan is currently facing serious incursions from local taliban forces . 
  it 's hardly a safe haven , given its dense population and the strength of the opfors there .
