  you 're thinking of the synth retention bureau , part of the commonwealth police . 
  the minutemen seem to be more of an independent faction of fighters , like bostons version of the regulators . 
  r.i.p paul . 
  he never ruled . 
  i 'm sorry , i 'm just lost here , what am i looking for exactly ? 
  `` ad '' with a little bit scraped off it ? 
  boom , nail on the fucking head . 
  * `` for the vault . 
  i 'd say they were just aircraft and weapon enthusiasts rather than dedicated historians . 
  apart from that one little shit and his wall painting . 
  one big problem i can see here - how do we tell which limb is broken ? 
  that was pretty clear to see in the old ui, 
  that 's because the video represents a tech demo , not a finished product . 
  those awful textures are just placeholders , most likely . 
  good thing you did n't put him in the nuclear reactor , he might set it off intentionally . 
  the first image looks like an early concept for the railway rifle , though why an enclave soldier is carrying one is anybody 's guess, 
  just to get my two cents in ; i think the reason is because the grey knights have to remain secret , not chaos itself . 
  the idea being that if someone were to witness the knights in action , then turn to chaos , they could potentially spread knowledge of their existence throughout the forces of the archenemy . 
  oh , and the idea that knowledge of chaos is punishable by death ? 
  a load of hooey . 
  the armies in gaunts ghosts are fighting an entire crusade against chaos forces and even daemons , with the grunts having pretty good knowledge of the existence of the `` unknowable evils '', 
  what is this , a motorbike for ants ? 
  ca n't be much taller than a coffee table , with a generator engine like that . 
  you go wild card , because you 're a selfish wannabe tyrant character, 
  who says so indeed ? 
  not me . 
  just highlighting as the most likely route for an evil character , as well as a cynical good character . 
  even if we ca n't , a robco certified for fo4 ( or a mod with the same idea ) is guaranteed . 
  just wait for that script extender . 
  only because it has a barrel mod , probably one of many . 
  the unmodified original probably looks closer to the r91 of fallout 3 fame . 
  them being anything but hostile is a notable exception . 
  or rather , they just recognise her as khal drogos former wife . 
  and considering how he and his unborn son ( who was prophesised to be the greatest khal in history ) died , i do n't think they 're going to be very sympathetic towards the woman who made it out alive ... 
  maybe they 're taking her to vaes dothrak to be `` judged '' , or maybe to be wed to another khal . 
  just because they might recognise her importance does n't necessarily mean they 'll be happy with her . 
  i 'll take the slouch hat over the tricorne any day . 
  but hey , if those ghoul redcoats are in-game you 'll most likely get your pirate hat . 
  or rather , fury road is set on terra during the age of strife . 
  immortan joe is an early techno-barbarian warlord . 
  he learnt well from joe . 
  for a minute i thought `` thermos '' in this context was slang for thermal detonator ... 
  i 'd say you should get a job under admiral thrawn , until you mentioned the plot armour thing ... 
  flag humper ? 
  i think you 're forgetting that he actively despises the ncr because they are the flag humpers , emulating pre-war america to the extent that they have fallen prey to the infighting and corruption that plagued both america and the pre-imperial roman senate , hence why caesar chose a society so radically different from either to base his legion upon . 
  he is literally the opposite of a `` flag humper '' , as far as america is concerned . 
  `` some people say that there 's ghouls lurkin ' around the ole rocket plant . 
  sensationalist hooey !, 
  cooked up by superstitious yokels who ca n't make sense of what 's in front of 'em !, 
  so whats going on up there ? 
  ghosts !, 
  commie ghosts , what do n't know they 're dead !, 
  they wan na take our rockets so they can fly up and paint the moon pink , and draw a lenin face on it !, 
  i saw one once - he disappeared , and reappeared before my very eyes !, 
  although , being a scientist , i have to admit i may have just blinked for longer than usual , what with the shock of seein ' a commie ghost , and so forth ! '', 
  ( paraphrasing , but yeah ), 
  probably because they did n't have to borrow money from mother to play it . 
  using a symbol of imperialism like the stormtrooper as a profile picture ? 
  imposter !, 
  [ american-based , but they 're pretty good overall . 
  ] ( http://madrobotminiatures.com/zencart/index.php?main_page=product_info&amp;cpath=9_12&amp;products_id=77 ), 
  there 's loads of easter eggs in tob . 
  early on , in helga 's office , you can find the iron helmet ( ie the dragonborn 's brain-bucket ) from skyrim , and even use it for your armor . 
  nah , protectrons are pretty much the most basic robots by the time of fallout 3 , and mass-produced at that , so its unlikely there 's any organic component . 
  looks more like melted wires and electronics , from the heat of its head popping . 
  got ta remember that name for whenever i decide to get a tattoo of my own . 
  nice to know we 've got good artists in liverpool !, 
  any of them probably will if you give them a reasonable , accurate design to work with . 
  using the same skeleton would literally result in what krutaun predicted . 
  it would have to retain something close to the shape so it covers the whole skeleton . 
  shrinking the skeleton might work , but again , i do n't know too much about modding either . 
  dr tower ? 
  * `` jack !, 
  start the trireme !, 
  to all the people who think it 's the exact same outfit robb wore at the twins ... maybe this is just traditional northern groomsmanwear ? 
  you know , the fellas who stand next to the actual groom ? 
  ah , the old konami bait-and-switch . 
  needs more tywin in a columbian drug lord suit . 
  not if you can grow tobacco and manufacture thin paper . 
  fwe did this quite well . 
  iirc you got +1 chr and a `` stimulant '' bonus ( most likely comparable to the exp gain from the well-rested bonus , i never fully checked ) per smoke , but the withdrawal symptoms gave you -1 chr , agl and end . 
  question - how do you base a model after it 's been painted ? 
  i 've been wanting to base my commissars , but i do n't want to have to redo the paint job !, 
  `` i 'm yours , and you 're mine . 
  if we die , we die . 
  all men must die , as they say . 
  seriously though , his power base is rapidly collapsing - his mother broken , his tyrell alliance fragmenting , besieged by an army of fanatics who view him as a product of sin . 
  save for the crumbling lannister influence in kl and ser robert strongs appearance , his future is n't looking good . 
  very nice !, 
  where 'd you get those sweet gauntlets ? 
  i have a costuming need for them, 
  great film ; recommend a watch to anyone . 
  if i hurt you really , really bad , will you die ? 
  that one near-rape scene sticks out for me in particular, 
  they almost look like tattoos , but the low-resolution really is n't helping . 
  great concept , woeful execution . 
  what 's new ? 
  ca n't quite remember , but i 'm fairly sure that tent provides cover ... somehow . 
  agreed . 
  prick having a go at the police like that .
