  red on the other hand ? 
  lets see how quickly the tables turn when he realises they wo n't fuck him !, 
  '' `` women are supposed to be independent nowadays , '' which is stupid . '', 
  what planet are you on , mate ? 
  edit : / r/the _ donald and this sub alone , apparently . 
  explains a lot . 
  you 're about 190,000 years off , but ok m80, 
  as do the friggin ' wellies he 's wearing . 
  definitely not bundeswehr standard issue . 
  as far as i understand it , the sci-fi-armed tanks ( panzer x , sherman t etc ) are just the plastic kits with a resin turret thrown in for good measure . 
  given that this 'll probably be the same deal , you should be good for it . 
  be sure to contact warlord and double-check . 
  i 'm no expert in us uniforms , so i 'll recommend you look at osprey publishing 's military uniform books . 
  their men of war series ' book on late-war eastern front germans really helped inform my modelling choices when building my guys , so it 's highly likely they have a book focused on us uniforms in western europe . 
  now , from my own standpoint , my one problem with using the us marine kit ( which are far superior models to the current , ageing us infantry plastics ) would be how climate-suited they are ; lots of high-rolled sleeves and bare arms that would look very much out of place in the dismal ( at least comparably to the pacific islands ) weather of france , belgium and holland . 
  furthermore the use of helmet-covers , universal among marines ( and , by extension , the marine plastics ) , was expressly rejected by the european-deployed forces due to friendly fire incidents ; airmen in particular often mistook the marines ' spotted camo for that of the waffen ss from far away . 
  to be honest , if i were you , i 'd simply make use of the new us airborne plastics ; the way american strategy went in western europe , paratroopers were very often found to operate alongside footsloggers anyhow . 
  edit : realised you stated you were n't a fan of the airborne kit ; i heard people had issues with that one before . 
  how committed are you to using plastics anyhow ? 
  are you sure metals would n't suffice ? 
  jlaw should really consider bringing back the brunette look . 
  the bronzer ... not so much . 
  you 'll be buried beneath the weight of his inadequacies !, 
  because america is a secular nation and have police around to stop that shit . 
  wartorn iraq and syria do n't have police in isis-controlled areas , and those are the only places ( alongside from saudi arabia , which is a whole other kettle of fucked-up ) that have regular summary executions of gay people and other `` dissidents '' . 
  and the flu gets nastier the closer it is to getting out of your system . 
  equally , there are more and more liberal muslims appearing . 
  just as catholics ( liberal ) and protestants ( radical ) clashed in europe ... well , it 's already happening in the middle east . 
  sect against sect , muslim against muslim . 
  from thesis and antithesis , a synthesis . 
  i 've been awake for too long , i apologise . 
  `` it has never been part of white working class culture to see rape as acceptable , in any way shape or form '', 
  somebody 's never been to / r/theredpill , i see . 
  count yourself lucky . 
  maximum doot, 
  who asked ? 
  truth is , the democrat party 's size is the key to winning an election . 
  green and other fringe-party votes just do n't cut it . 
  that , or he was ( at the time ) on a fruitless quest to change it from within - only now he realises that . 
  this level of petty though, 
  i love it . 
  though i wonder why the phantom legion have such low-tech armour compared to their standard branch counterparts , assuming they 're supposed to be the centaurian special forces ( unless they 're intentionally subdued for deniable-ops purposes ) . 
  you 're comparing the past practices of a company that makes toy soldiers to actual domestic abuse, 
  read aloud what you 've written , and this time , listen to yourself, 
  but he ca n't be in two quadrants at once !, 
  let 's hope they get both tem morrison and the guy from clone wars to do the voiceovers . 
  no substitute will do . 
  i reckon roger thornhill could take him on . 
  all he has to do is lure him onto mount rushmore with promises of a trade deal . 
  it 's also worth noting on account of your panzer analogy , that the panther tank experienced some serious teething problems on its first deployment during the battle of kursk . 
  it could be that the t-60 experienced similar issues , resulting in its withdrawal/storage/relegation to national guard units with plans to reintroduce it as a replacement just as the great war hit . 
  `` ruin has come to our chapter ... '', 
   no idea what the hag would be . 
  heretic cult leader , maybe ? 
  hell , why not have the weald bandits as genestealer cultists , and the hag their magos ? 
  source ? 
  you 're in the wrong sub mate , you want / r/fashyfetish, 
  now i could do my job ... for extra food !, 
  a tory won the war by nearly destroying the country . 
  who rebuilt it into something greater than it had ever been ? 
  maybe if you were more concerned with peace and prosperity than pitiful sabre-rattling , you might be able to take your tongue off those boots . 
  welcome to british politics , park-dweller . 
  [ would you like some sauce on those words you 'll now be eating ? 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/sep/06/anjem-choudary-jailed-for-five-years-and-six-months-for-urging-support-of-isis ), 
  i do n't think you should be monetizing this at all . 
  end of the day , it 's red hook 's original content , not yours . 
  this is the main reason i voted remain in the first place !, 
  to be honest , i was picking up on how young they were . 
  earlier seasons , most lannister men looked like career soldiers , most of them mid-30 's at the youngest ; now it looks like their ranks are filled with early fathers , fisherman 's sons and ed sheeran ; plump , soft and barely into their manhood . 
  it 's a good bit of casting composition that redeems sheeran 's cameo ; reminds me of how the wehrmacht looked around ' 44-45 . 
  really shows how much of a toll the war has taken on even the strongest of westeros 's armies . 
  as a miniature hobbyist, 
  fucking want, 
  perry afrika korps as european-theatre wehrmacht ? 
  smart . 
  cheap and cheerful , plus the uniforms fit well enough if you do n't mind the boot situation . 
  tried to amalgamate the two kits to make some unique-looking extra troops , but they came out looking like the wehrmacht had started recruiting gorillas !, 
  worse . 
  they exacerbate and , perhaps unknowingly , support one another . 
  go for it . 
  nobody can dispute that she does n't deserve a commemoration , unless they secretly sympathise with her murderer . 
  the unquenchable fire of the stars ! '', 
  i think this would 've made for a very entertaining election year against the trump-romanov campaign, 
  god forbid the us loses access to putin 's mouthpiece . 
  whatever will donnie do without his recall codes ? 
  indira varma now, 
  no wonder you spend a lot of time on / r/incels, 
  so my curiosity has been piqued by a number of things i 've seen recently mostly concerning artillery . 
  in one semi-official instance i 've seen certain rii artillery units described as `` deploy-able '' , which i assume to mean trained at settlements and brought along to a fight - but i also saw that an alternative battering ram available in the pre-order dlc dubbed `` the tortoise '' being described as deploy-able . 
  does that mean the construction of dedicated siege tools ( ladders/towers etc ) is now done differently ? 
  do we get to select different kinds of this equipment rather than just one type of ram/ladder/tower ? 
  also , in several videos i 've noticed some artillery pieces ( i assumed one example to be an oversized ballista ) are without wheels . 
  does this mean certain arty units can be built in the siege screen as well , or is it just that some weapons come without wheels and can not move/can only be moved in the deployment phase ? 
  ive noticed that one feature that 's currently missing is the ability to , in diplomacy , offer/demand settlements to and from other factions . 
  this is especially annoying as i recently lost syracuse to a surprise incursion from the daorsi , and by the next turn when i had raised a merc army to take it back sparta had slipped in and grabbed it ( just like those banana-hammock-wearing boy lovers did with carthage and karalis ) . 
  is there really no way to trade settlements in diplomacy anymore ? 
  because i 'm really not prepared to fight a war with the sparta-athens-macedon alliance yet and i really want to reunify the magna gracia province again !, 
  i used to think that this negative modifier for public order came about because you didnt control the entire province the cities were located in . 
  now , however , it pops up even in completely controlled provinces . 
  so what exactly is `` provincial instability '' ?
