  when the americans committed atrocities , did they partake or refuse ? 
  did they go above and beyond the call of cruelty , or where they forcibly discharged for threatening to speak out ? 
  did they contract post-traumatic stress disorder , or become jaded and distant as a result of the things they saw ? 
  i may be rambling , but my point is , there 's still a lot to play with when creating your characters backstory , forced occupation or not . 
  certainly , its something i 'm looking forward to having a play-around with , assuming no serious pitfalls in the writing ( namely , too much information about said backstory from bethesda ) . 
  [ of course , this will be a moot point if the character does , in fact , turn out to be an android , but only time will tell . 
  and it would probably make it even more interesting anyway . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  i 've recently bought the 15-pack of lunchboxes while it was only # 3.99 , and have opened six of them for my current vault . 
  thing is though , i 've got all the buildings and 100 + dwellers and now i 'm bored , wanting to start a new vault instead . 
  can i use the nine remaining lunchboxes in a new game ? 
  hey gang . 
  semi-casual 40k player here , considering defection to bolt action if i can find enough players in my city . 
  drummed up a 1000pts list using the stalingrad : death on the volga theater selector . 
  comments and suggestions are welcome !, 
  ** armies of germany - 1942 - stalingrad , death on the volga ( platoon ) ( 996pts ) **, 
  reinforced platoon ( 418pts ), 
  flamethrower ( 20pts ) , lmg ( 20pts ) , 3x smg ( 9pts ), 
  anti-tank grenades ( 2pts ) , smg ( 3pts ), 
  5x soldier ( 75pts ), 
  5x anti-tank grenades ( 10pts ), 
  tank hunters, 
  heer veteran infantry squad ( 173pts ), 
  lmg ( 20pts ), 
  anti-tank grenades ( 2pts ) , smg ( 3pts ), 
  tank hunters, 
  9x soldier ( 135pts ), 
  9x anti-tank grenades ( 18pts ), 
  tank hunters, 
  platoon commander ( 103pts ), 
  veteran ( 90pts ) , veteran soldier ( 13pts ), 
  infantry support ( 125pts ), 
  flamethrower team ( 65pts ), 
  flammenwerfer , veteran ( 65pts ), 
  crew ( 2 ) , flamethrower , team weapon, 
  mortar team ( 60pts ), 
  medium mortar team ( 60pts ), 
  regular ( 50pts ) , spotter ( 10pts ), 
  crew ( 3 ) , fixed , he ( d6 ) , indirect fire , team weapon, 
  tanks , tank destroyers , self-propelled artillery and anti-aircraft vehicles ( 205pts ), 
  regular ( 195pts ) , shurzen armour skirts ( 10pts ), 
  coaxial mmg , forward facing hull mounted mmg , medium tank , schurzen armoured skirts , turret mounted medium at gun, 
  transports ( 248pts ), 
  panzerbuchse 41 at rifle ( sdkfz 251/1s ) pioneer ( 40pts ) , pintle-mounted mmg ( rear arc ) ( 15pts ) , regular ( 89pts ), 
  armoured carrier , open topped , squeeze bore , tow , transport ( 12 ), 
  pintle-mounted mmg ( forward arc ) , pintle-mounted mmg ( rear arc ) ( 15pts ) , regular ( 89pts ), 
  armoured carrier , open topped , tow , transport ( 12 ), 
  as a final note , i have one question , having only skim-read the rules and looking to get a copy of my own ; when adding a spotter to a mortar team , does that add another team member ( ie , 3 become 4 ) or does it simply make one of the existing crew the spotter ? 
  thanks !, 
  ... really , that 's it . 
  no personal requests , no outlandish goals , no script extender required ( i think ) . 
  literally just make it so you can put your favourite armour bits on any item of clothing ( minus power armour , of course ) . 
  clipping issues can f *** off , since i do n't really care about those - same way i did n't care about them while running the tailor maid mod . 
  god , i miss that mod . 
  i 've seen a lot of in-game armour pieces ( case in-point : combat armour ) with full arm and leg armour ( wrists and shins ) , instead of just the shoulder-thigh pad of the base gear . 
  however , i do n't see an option to craft this , even though i have the armourer perk at level 2 . 
  i am so sick of having my massive shoulder pads contrast with my skinny arms and legs , so does anybody know how the full armour is achieved ? 
  thanks !, 
  okay guys , if this is in the wrong subreddit , please point me to the right one . 
  falloutmods seems more for mod development questions rather than usage , so i thought here would be best . 
  so i 've gotten back into fallout 4 after a long hiatus , and one of the essential mods is armorsmith expanded and homemaker , which i both have . 
  now i 'm fairly sure i 've got all the dependencies right ( `` keywords '' . esm 's , integration patches , the works ) , but every time i go to a workbench and scroll to the crafting menu - now dubbed the `` workbenches '' menu for some reason , possibly by one of the mods - the game freezes and ctd 's , or at least that weird ctd where the image stays frozen , but your desktop mouse appears because there is a `` not responding '' popup behind the game . 
  here is my load order ;, 
  i 've looked at all the other solutions - `` delete workshop.swf '' , for instance , but i ca n't find that file in / interface or anywhere , for that matter . 
  i 'm refusing to give up , but i 'm all out of options . 
  so , from one fallout fan to another ... where do i go from here ? 
  okay guys , if this is in the wrong subreddit , please point me to the right one . 
  falloutmods seems more for mod development questions rather than usage , so i thought here would be best . 
  so i 've gotten back into fallout 4 after a long hiatus , and one of the essential mods is armorsmith expanded and homemaker , which i both have . 
  now i 'm fairly sure i 've got all the dependencies right ( `` keywords '' . esm 's , integration patches , the works ) , but every time i go to a workbench and scroll to the crafting menu - now dubbed the `` workbenches '' menu for some reason , possibly by one of the mods - the game freezes and ctd 's , or at least that weird ctd where the image stays frozen , but your desktop mouse appears because there is a `` not responding '' popup behind the game . 
  it is also worth noting that , though it does n't appear in the load order , i have def_inv installed , or at least a mirror of it i found on nexusmods , found and installed only a few hours ago . 
  i 've looked at all the other solutions - `` delete workshop.swf '' , for instance , but i ca n't find that file in / interface or anywhere , for that matter . 
  i 'm refusing to give up , but i 'm all out of options . 
  so , from one mod enthusiast to another ... where do i go from here ? 
  hey gang . 
  sorry to bother you guys again , but i 've run into another snag . 
  first , a bit of background . 
  up until some time before patch 1.5.3 , i was running the homemaker mod and the settlement unlimited tweak for some time , and was having a good time of it . 
  however , after installing minutemen overhaul 2.0 , it seemed to overwrite some of the options homemaker provided . 
  so , after 1.5.3 dropped , i resolved to reinstall both mods and their attendant compatibility patches , along with the newest version of settlement keywords , in an effort to bridge the gap and get all my options working . 
  now things have gone from bad to ... a different kind of bad . 
  while i now have most of the homemaker stuff available , a lot of it is still missing ; for instance , the tall walls , the additions to the wood/metal structures categories , hell even the whole * lights * category is now missing from electrics . 
  also , the new additions from mo ( sans the placeable minutemen , which i know are now done outside of the workshop ) are missing , along with northland diggers ' additional resources , which worked fine with the pre-1 .5.3 homemaker-minutemenoverhaul mashup . 
  i 've tried merged patches , load order changes ( for some reason , homemaker wo n't move above settlement keywords in nmm , despite what that mod page suggests the load order should look like ) and all sorts , but nothing seems to work . 
  everything 's up to date , but so much is still missing ; stuff like the tall-walls i can acquire through different mods , but my main concern right now is the ** entirely missing lights category . 
  [ here 's my load order if that helps . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/as9zdhq.png ) thanks in advance , guys . 
  hey guys . 
  at the insistence of a friend for a few months now , i 've decided to put the slaves to darkness starter set on my christmas list and give the game a go . 
  being a former ig player in 40k , i 've been spurned from `` budgets always lose : the game '' and decided to start aos with a faction i 've always liked the look of since whfb - the warriors of chaos . 
  that being said , while the starter set looks good , i 'm wondering where i could go afterwards when putting my own army together . 
  any advice on what best to do with the starter set in terms of loadouts and organisation ? 
  also , a few pointed questions ;, 
  1 ) matched play list building in battlescribe indicates that chaos warrior units can only be taken in tens - eg 10-20-30 , but not 15 or 27 or the like . 
  is this the case ? 
  2 ) are their any real advantages to 2 '' - ranged melee weapons ? 
  feel like a second unit of warriors would do well with halberds and runeshields , but what would that do for me ? 
  better defense ? 
  negating 1 '' - ranged attacks ? 
  3 ) are units allowed to have a mixture of weapons and loadouts in a unit , or is only one type of weapon per unit allowed ?
