  something to do with the fact that jon is at the wall - roose and ramsay suspect that he might be sheltering them . 
  so , roose dispatches locke to go look for them , which is why he 's infiltrated the nights watch to get close to jon . 
  to be fair , thornes been around for a while . 
  he 's just been at the wall the whole time , so in seasons 2 + 3 we did n't see much of him . 
  i 'm a little out of the loop here - who are `` the clippers '' , and what is their relevance to painted whiteface ? 
  `` hardcore gamers '', 
  that phrase always makes me chuckle, 
  sounds a bit like mount and blade , except on a more strategic level . 
  i doubt this would be a main campaign feature in the next tw game , but it would be a good choice for some kind of side-feature or mini-campaign , perhaps even part of a kingdoms-style expansion . 
  well , more like 8 months - it was released in september , after all . 
  japanese glyphs ? 
  image-based format ? 
  i 'm expecting a screamer for sure . 
  welp , i officially miss bronn in the show . 
  the hound is a fugitive . 
  the mountain is his larger , angrier , more sadistic and unswervingly lannister-loyal brother . 
  take it from a clegane . 
  was just about to ask `` how the heck did he hear tywin from all the way out there in the throne room ? '', 
  he did sprint to joffreys side as he breathed his last , notably the only person to do so besides cersei . 
  ( none of the other kingsguard members did this , which indicates fatherhood and not duty was his motivator ), 
  he also gave some semi-paternal reassurance to tommen after he was crowned , before a pissed-off tywin dragged him out of the sept. 
  since so much is skimmed over in the show , this is probably another quickfire indicator that jamie does , indeed , care about his children . 
  and now that the only one left in kings landing is tommen , there need n't be these kinds of lines with , say , myrcella , who is in dorne . 
  on the other hand , he needs to play it cool since the two still have their twincest secret to keep , and acting too `` fatherly '' might oust them considering everyones suspicions and the resulting rumours . 
  earth is a general term . 
  he could have easily been referencing `` this plane of existence '' . 
  what , does the world of asoiaf have an alternate name to ours ? 
  mostly a gruesome melee between the motley frey and bolton bannermen , against the hit-and-run tactics of the ironborn . 
  so it is n't as much a traditional war in these areas , more of a back-and-forth of one pillaging after another . 
  seconded . 
  even whytes minimal appearances and dialogue between him and tywin actually conveyed a subtly intimidating presence . 
  plus the fact that he towered over charles dance much like `` halfthor '' utterly dwarfs cersei , which considering dances height makes it even more impressive . 
  sure its not just john travolta ? 
  earth is also a term for the ground we stand on . 
  in any case , a medieval society would n't have the concept of a `` world '' as a celestial body , as such . 
  as far as the people of westeros are concerned , the world is just a flat plane of existence . 
  hence , `` earth '' is used in a vague , existential sense rather than a definitive one . 
  daenarys looks like an utter badass in this , she rocks the red and black combo . 
  the fact that they changed gregors helmet upsets me . 
  while that particular quasi-sallet design ( at least from where i 'm standing ) looks more practical , it 'd make more sense in continuity terms to retain the big bucket-grillface helmet he had back in season 1 . 
  do n't forget that accident he had in the last crusade . 
  nah , julian glovers a cool guy . 
  he 's just good at playing assholes . 
  is n't this worth a spoiler tag ? 
  tywin is less of a bastard , and more of a cold pragmatist . 
  he does n't do or command anything particularly cruel out of any malice , but rather because as far as he 's concerned , it has to be done . 
  the red wedding ? 
  that ends the war . 
  secures the north . 
  tyrions show-trial debacle ? 
  secures the future of his house by bringing jamie back into the fold . 
  you ca n't really hate the one person on the show who is n't at least partially oblivious to the way the world works . 
  to end the targaryen bloodline , to secure roberts seat as the closest true claimant to the throne , and to curry favour with him for doing this on his own initiative - just as cersei/joff did when they murdered all of roberts bastards in kings landing . 
  elia was just collateral damage . 
  its revealed in one of the books that comes later than the shows current point , so i 'd fix it up , maybe . 
  thats true , that thing did look ungainly as shit . 
  then again , i 'm fairly certain the mountain would n't have any trouble lifting it on his neck . 
  nonetheless , for the viewer its still a continuity issue . 
  without the callback that was the bucket-helm , most people might think that this is just yet another big guy in grey plate-and-mail , instead of one previously identified . 
  definitely worth your money . 
  its one of the only single-player games of late that i 've dignified with an immediate second playthrough after finishing it once already . 
  and table-sized , six-inch-thick plates taken from dead guard robots . 
  brace yourselves , ragnarok is coming . 
  as others have said , this is the wolfenstein logo . 
  in-game ( meaning the uncut version as well ) this symbol is seen on crates , walls , armor , robots , anything belonging to the future-nazis . 
  so it can be assumed that this is sort of a canonical quasi-replacement for the swastika/reichsadler, 
  as a scouser i can attest that aki is no myth , just very good at dodging the spotlight these days . 
  its been a while since i played , but i think it can be improved to four or five per turn depending on military production buildings , city size in the province , and generals advisors/bonuses . 
  the number of barracks , i think , has no effect - it depends on the type and level of one barracks , as well as ( possibly ) the other factors described . 
  mix , match and experiment to see which combination gets you those extra units per turn . 
  p.s i 'm fairly sure this was when i was playing with radious - total war mod , so the extra production queues may be subject to their mods features , since they did renovate building effects . 
  look into it . 
  same shit , different helmet . 
  never heard of it . 
  but there 's bound to be a myriad of mock twitter accounts/facebook accounts/perhaps even snapchat or tinder accounts operated by wannabe comedians . 
  whatever social media bridges the man himself had , he must 've burned a long time ago . 
  i do n't think they know which castle the wildlings will throw themselves at . 
  even if they have an inkling , its likely a deception on mance rayders part - he does n't want to annihilate them , just to puncture through their weakest point and get his people over the wall . 
  all these people complaining about ygritte being a complete monster for participating in raids must have lived very sheltered lifestyles . 
  a few points to make ;, 
  * she has grown colder and crueler during s4 , most likely thanks to jons `` double betrayal '' . 
  * she does n't kill many unarmed civilians in comparison to her comrades . 
  a lot of the people she kills in moles town are armed , and trying to kill her too . 
  * she does n't exactly have a choice ; help her brothers and sisters with their morally questionable tactics , or face execution or expulsion when she deserts or disobeys ? 
  a lone wildling south of the wall is a lonely , vulnerable wildling indeed . 
  volkov , i think you need to learn a thing or two about how life in the medieval age ( even in a fictional one like got ) was a lot different and a lot more morally loose in terms of the choices you had to make . 
  i mean , its heavily implied that bronn , in the background , killed tonnes of innocent people , and was willing to do it for money . 
  is he `` complete fucking evil '' too ? 
  or just doing what he does to get by with a job as a sellsword ? 
  the guy she took out with an arrow ? 
  jons backstabbing was still fresh in her mind . 
  it was likely a venting-kill , which is n't really excusable , but does n't make her some kind of flat-out monster - she likely did n't even see the kid at first . 
  yeah , that makes more sense than what i said . 
  `` my specops tent that has a door '', 
  `` shooting the doers of 9/11 '', 
  please kill me . 
  how do you feel about people who go `` hadouken '' ? 
  i was cheering like a loon when the wildlings got their asses handed to 'em in the kitchens . 
  everywhere else they were curbstomping the crows , but as soon as they enter the kitchen ? 
  all they reap is boiling water and frying pans and meat cleavers in the face .
