  it was good of bethesda to build in a failsafe for pathfinding errors , but still ... 
  some of those field scribe outfits seem to just be turtlenecks studded with tactical gear , and i 'm fairly sure i 've seen one in black too . 
  keep an eye out , or just go visit that cheat room and dig around !, 
  yes , they have one in every fallout game . 
  bad luck if you 're not on pc , because it 's only available through console commands . 
  i forget what the specific console command is , but it should be out there on google by now . 
  i 'm currently level 32 , yet i have n't seen any of these show up - is this right ? 
  i 've had that several times ... now i feel as though i 've cheated death constantly . 
  that being said , do you ever get that earth-shaking effect sometimes ? 
  any idea what enemy that 's linked to ? 
  no it 's not . 
  it 's high end combat armor . 
  are you suggesting some kind of power armour catapult ? 
  because i am very , very much behind that . 
  same . 
  and one that lets me use sentry bot pieces . 
  sprint-replacing footwheels optional . 
  more likely warhammer 40k , which itself borrowed the idea from the starship troopers novel . 
  securitron ? 
  do you mean an assaultron or a sentry bot ? 
  `` it 's a fucking anti-aircraft gun , vincent ! '', 
  the heavier ones always have either a `` sturdy '' or `` heavy '' prefix in yours or another characters/containers inventory . 
  what more do you want ? 
  my favourite is something similar ;, 
  * `` alert : union violation detected ; 9999 days since last recorded break . 
  got a source for that image ? 
  i think the assault rifle would be better classed as a light machine gun , given the fact that it looks water-cooled . 
  i love the design , but its hardly a practical infantry utility when its cumbersome as heck and looks like it weighs a ton . 
  there 'll be mods for that , i 'm sure, 
  then you could 've scrapped 'em for the screws . 
  genius !, 
  somebody did n't get the joke, 
  it 's heavily implied that it 's a bomb that was dropped by mistake , or fell from an american aircraft that was going down when the bombs fell . 
  it did n't detonate because it was n't activated before deployment . 
  besides the weapons used during the great war were all icbms ; bomber-based nukes were obsolete and likely impractical in any case , given the war started and finished in two hours . 
   smaller yield bombs for more destruction, 
  how does that makes sense ? 
  anyone else picturing her tied to the bed ? 
  remember how much the idea of self-sacrifice and a worthwhile death is glorified by the imperium . 
  by plastering it to every medal , armour plate , building and vehicle it serves as a reminder not only of the mortality of its subjects , but also how the imperium is founded upon , and continues to survive because of those who lay down their lives to protect it . 
  as others have said , it is also a reminder of the purity of humanity and a product of a strong martyr-worship , which originates from the emperors martyrdom at the end of the heresy . 
  it 's because they re-use the stalker lines from each character . 
  like how masterson sometimes said `` enemies with us , but cloaked ! '', 
  when volter first spawned ; he was n't cloaked and he was on his own , but because the phrase sort-of fitted , it was re-used . 
  if it were up to me , i 'd just program only the gender-neutral cloaked lines to crop up when the patriarch appears , of which there are plenty . 
  easy fix really . 
  then we 'd just have something akin to the supposed `` king tigers '' from battle of the bulge . 
  how does `` war veteran '' scream `` undisciplined '' to you , exactly ? 
  it said he had ptsd , not a coke addiction - that was what the neo-nazi had . 
  dunno why this disappeared , but war veteran and neo-nazi were distinctly desperate people with distinctly separate problems, 
  * he did n't fly so good !, 
  on the subject of the voices , i 'm disappointed that , in the videos i 've seen , there are as yet no eastern european or asiatic languages present . 
  i do n't want to settle with just giving my eastern squaddies the american voices ; - ;, 
  enjoyed very much . 
  nice twist at the end . 
  just because something was not * designed * to look a certain way does n't mean it did n't turn out that way . 
  i mean to look at the scrake example , its intention as a combat medic is indicated , quite rightly , by the metal surgical mask and rubber apron it wears . 
  just because that 's what it was given for its combat medic role does n't mean those two things are n't terrifying when you put them on a big , muscle-bound beast wielding a * chainsaw * . 
  and just to hammer the point home further , horzine probably stuck that surgical mask on him because [ this ] ( https://41.media.tumblr.com/48111c2139562d8164a54a78a4de65bb/tumblr_nog6drnxuy1rkctppo1_500.png ) is what he looks like underneath it . 
  that 's nothing to do with what they might 've designed him for - that 's just a byproduct of being a genetically-engineered freak haphazardly tooled up for whatever purpose , much like the rest of the zeds . 
  tldr ; i know where he 's getting the `` scrakes are scary '' idea from . 
  ** that . 
  source ? 
  think the current speculation is some kind of psi-ops class . 
  one of the `` dark events '' seen in various demos and preview material highlights the advent possibly improving the armour of their soldiers . 
  if that 's the case , we can expect some other upgrades to the advent mooks - be it building on existing classes or revealing some new ones - throughout the game to keep them competitive . 
  as well as anyone who dares to speak out against the government ? 
  the dprk sure sets a good example !, 
  the sebari nations, 
  leader : heirarch yurus the unifier, 
  ua : cultural collective : anarchy in captured cities ends in half the time . 
  33 % chance to gain a free unit when you capture another civs ' city . 
  uu : firelancers : replaces pikemen . 
  gain a 5 % defensive bonus per adjacent unit ; can make a one-tile wide ranged attack as well as its standard attack . 
  ub : basak conduit : replaces factory . 
  gain a 5 % production increase in this city per nearby source of coal , iron , copper and aluminium . 
  the axonian empire, 
  leader : chancellor werner banhoff, 
  ua : awoken giant : for every one of your cities under another civs control , gain a 5 % increase in culture and golden age points generation ; all units gain a 20 % offensive bonus for as long as at least one of your cities is conquered . 
  uu : grenadiers : replaces infantry . 
  can build trenches on empty tiled which connect like roads , conferring a 15 % defensive bonus and the movement bonus of roads for any ground unit on the tile . 
  ub : h.o.u.n.d cell : replaces police station . 
  for every station in your civ , gain a stacking 10 % bonus for your spies to avoid capture and death , and a 5 % chance for you to remain anonymous when a spy is killed or captured . 
  i reckon catachan arms would 've suited the gladiator theme better , maybe with chaos marauder bodies . 
  seems a bit of a wasted opportunity otherwise . 
  tell me about the ethereals !, 
  why do they wear the masks ? 
  ca n't quite remember the details , but it was one of the team replying to a question on twitter - basically , yes , it 's confirmed . 
  broken hearts , spacefaring horror and child death . 
  the cornerstones of the six-worder . 
  yeah , alec guinness got pretty sick of the films after new hope , and even at the time he thought it was `` fairytale rubbish '' . 
  still , he was apparently very courteous and professional on-set to all the cast and crew . 
  good on him . 
  now you 've got me picturing sir christopher lee in full ` nam gear . 
  off the top of my head ;, 
  - my favourites from previous eu/ew/lw campaigns ; those in particular i felt invested in, 
  - the colonial marines from aliens ; hicks , vasquez , ripley , the works, 
  - the band rammstein ( same number of guys ), 
  - my dnd group , as i have done in my current ew playthrough, 
  - cia and his mooks ( just for that one shot in front of the skyranger ),
