  does the frame seem to pop out of the screen a little ? 
  mine does that a lot , i have to manually change the resolution from 60hz to the 59hz equivalent every time i start the game - it does n't even remember the next time it starts up . 
  other than the lack of screen-fitting , i had the same wierd/laggy graphics on top of that . 
  considering the games aliens are ( semi ) sentient , and harmony factions tend to evolve from being basic humans ... yes , yes they do * indeed * persecute people for their race , at least . 
  also , you 're thinking of nazis when you 're thinking of fascists - understandable , but not entirely accurate . 
  fascism is just the ideology of scapegoating anybody they feel like , be they wolf beetles , half-alien transhumans or yellow-flashing cyborgs . 
  that 's kind of the point - you should embrace your chance to be an evil overlord . 
  you 're the borg . 
  the strogg . 
  the cybermen . 
  * and you will be converted . 
  either you mean kaldor driago , or khal drogo in a suit of power armor . 
  either option is still terrifying . 
  very nice , though i think you might have gone a little overboard on the blue oxide paint . 
  the paintjob is good , but the whole things very ... plain . 
  like , i really could n't tell it was mechanicum themed . 
  it should have shit like mechadendrites flowing out the back , gun servitors hanging off like gun turrets , that sort of thing . 
  that , and it needs mechanicus symbols . 
  these preview vids from gw would be so much better if they had sound effects ... all they needed to do was add some radio chatter for the scions and some chittering insectoid noises for the ` nids , and maybe i would n't have cringed . 
  known to his brothers as `` that one captain who pours molten gold on traitors heads '', 
  doctor who . 
  i have absolutely no idea what 's going on , and i 'd like to keep it that way . 
  very good film . 
  that book was an especially creepy prop . 
  brrr . 
  wrestling ? 
  its a great band name :p and iirc , its not a uniform per-say , but rather just general priestly attire . 
  you could pretty much paint it whatever colour you wanted !, 
  while this whole situation must suck for you ... the fuck is the case for that thing ? 
  a god-damn flight recorder box ? 
  * wildfire !, 
  steer clear !, 
  * steer clear !, 
  looking at her model , i really got a sims 2 vibe . 
  there was a mediocre game of thrones rpg a while back . 
  while i did n't get very far through it at all , at the very least they had conleth hill ( varys ) and james cosmo ( jeor mormont ) doing vo work for their characters . 
  so its not beyond the realm of possibility , although it really depends on how much of the bill hbo is willing to foot . 
  i like this idea , a lot , in fact !, 
  but just a quickie , orcs have no concept of family descendency . 
  they are simply born out of `` spawning vats '' ( the big muddy cocoons seen in the films ) . 
  one thing i 'd like is an expansion of saurons forces , in terms of general enemies . 
  so far we have , like , five different uruk enemy types ( infantry , crossbow , javelin , halberdier , berserker . 
  ) , but they all look quite the same with the shirtlessness thing and the bare scraps of armor . 
  why not have huge-ass greatsword-wielders , armored head to toe , who you have to chip-away at to even put on the floor ? 
  sneaky stealth-types who you rarely see coming , who wait for you in bushes and buildings and arrange dynamic ambushes ? 
  if we go further into the between-book timeline som is set in , why not have all that and more ? 
  maybe ;, 
  * location-thematic uruks/orcs ( morannon = professionally drilled and equipped , morgul = stealth-focused death squads etc ), 
  * different breeds of orc - since its established that uruks themselves are an offshoot breed , why not play around a bit and add some more ? 
  surely saurons creative breeding programs could yield some horrifying results !, 
  * basic enemies that * are n't * orcs !, 
  maybe we see the first waves of corrupted men from harad , umbar and rhun , bringing with them a different combat approach from the player and all sorts of nasty surprises ( mumakil , anyone ? ), 
  * more beasties - assuming the second game takes place a good deal after the first , sun-resistant trolls will have been bred by now . 
  dynamic encounters with armoured attack trolls , supporting orc infantry ? 
  frustrating , but fun !, 
  and why not some warg-mounted cavalry orcs to boot ? 
  this is just off the top of my head , mostly because i found the enemy diversity ( outside of the captains/warchiefs ) pretty slim . 
  i had this on my very first hour of playing , while going to start the very first mission after being dumped in udun . 
  i bumped into blorg the warrior while doing some very minor exploration , who promptly proceeded to chase me across the map . 
  ... followed shortly and successively after by ashgarn , ukrom , gorfel , dushrat and around three others . 
  i took out a fair few of the mooks , but eventually they brought me down . 
  best game ever . 
  and not a smidge of sarcasm there . 
  `` the north will remember that . '', 
  this is the first time i realised he was actually talking about a minigun . 
  i love this , particularly the classic stormtrooper conversions . 
  very nice !, 
  those are 3rd edition stormtroopers , i believe . 
  unfortunately they are now oop , and the ones available on ebay are pretty pricey :0, 
  same here , i seriously regret not bulk-buying them before the tempestus scions came out . 
  anything to get out of work . 
  a colour scheme like its namesake , love it !, 
  even with the poor quality photo , this looks like a pretty good paintjob . 
  this is a gorgeous concept . 
  but needs to be called `` waaagh restlin ' fedurhrayshun '' , funetik aksent and all :p, 
  because you are an * artist !, 
  seriously though , keep at it . 
  personally , i really dig the blue highlighting most of all , especially how it looks incremental and fluid . 
  nice job !, 
  holy crap , that thing looks absolutely * menacing !, 
  * awesome job !, 
  one nitpick - is the flesh of the tortured techpriest supposed to be chalk-white like that ? 
  kinda seems like a spot was missed, 
  needs more than one-tone of colour . 
  and a shitload of weathering to boot . 
  the firestorm bombs had some pretty disturbing effects . 
  aside from nearly incinerating and sometimes liquifying its victims , the firestorm itself sucked in tremendous amounts of oxygen - those hiding in their shelters ended up suffocating as their air supply was sucked right out of the room . 
  too bad that mec has no flamethrower :0, 
  ohhh , i 'm guessing you can have both in lw/whatever mod is being played here . 
  my bad !, 
  i always thought stormvermin would be best for traitor guardsmen . 
  they 've got the warlike look going on , and the bodies are easier to head and arm-swap . 
  indeed , but they are significantly stooped that they 're roughly a head shorter than your average cadian , for instance . 
  fluff-wise , the idea is that `` astra militarum '' is the high gothic term , while the low gothic is still `` imperial guard '' . 
  same way that `` tempestus scions '' is hg for `` stormtroopers '' in lg . 
  or , at least , that 's what fanon dictates . 
  very clever indeed , love how you 've done this . 
  question - have you ever considered using third-party components ? 
  statuesque miniatures does a great ten-pack of heroic-scale female heads , in case you get tired of using eldar noggins . 
  i reckon theres a slim possibility that there 'll only be this one animatronic .
