  we will see . 
  hahah do n't worry , i made the observation on most parts of reddit . 
  not sure about politics tho , i never really thought about different interest . 
   eu army maybe ; the problem with it is that there are a lot of countries that are really against it at the moment . 
  maybe there can be a discussion now that the uk is leaving but i am not sure . 
  it 's difficult because we are not that integrated . 
   relying on the us for defense most do n't see it like that tho , you have to consider that for most european countries there was no real thread since the cold war , we do n't see the ` war against terror ' like the us . 
  most think we make it only worse at the moment . 
  for germany for example , we are surrounded by allies , it 's difficult to tell the population for what we would need a bigger military . 
  we already have one for defense and increased spending after ukraine . 
  like i said most do n't see the spending of the us as if it 's for them . 
  from what does the us protect us really ? 
  the only time article 5 was activated it was the us . 
  i can imagine that eastern europe sees it different tho . 
  maybe it is also a little ` its always been that way ' , it was really not much in discussion the last decade . 
  * she ( are really so many male one this site ? 
  somehow the default is always he ... ), 
  no , the point of nato is that nothing happens . 
  if nato is not there anymore i am pretty sure things would get more unstable . 
  ( ukraine was a sad wake up call that russia 's ambitions are not dead ) there is a difference to take a single small country or attack it and attacking the whole of nato . 
  it 's a pretty good determent as long as nobody jarrs the foundation and let others think that nato countires would n't come to the defense of others , because than it 's really obsolete . 
  i always think that the us budget has nothing to do with nato , it 's your weapons lobby and past geopolitical ambitions . 
  it 's just some strawman now that they pretend they spent so much because europe does n't invest enough in their own military . 
  also why the hell would every european country need a big military again if we do n't need it . 
  russia was long no danger anymore so the countries stopped overspending after the cold war , after ukraine a lot of countries put more into the budget again , but together we still spent a lot more than russia . 
  the main point of our military is defense in most european countries . 
  nato is also there that a war does not even happen , the whole point nowedays is that it would be too costly to attack one of the contries and that so it does n't even get considered , that 's why i do n't get the whole ` would you go to war for ... , whey they do n't even spent 2 % ' when the point is that it does n't happen at all . 
  that the us never did the same and reduced spending is their own decision . 
  about my country personally : germany also mostly does n't want more military and geopolitican involvement , we had a really big pacifism movement in the 60s that is still relevant . 
  ramstein ( one of the us bases that is used around drones ) is seen really critical . 
  i think if nato goes down the drain , instead of any own actions a lot of people would prefer sth european wide . 
  this vision is really cool : o, 
  i will quote myself from another post about the same article : we do n't ` atone ' for it in modern day germany , we learn about it in school and talk abot it so that it 's not forgotten and to prevent sth like it from happening again . 
  it shows us what normal people can do because of a ideology and how slippery the road to it can be . 
  i am really getting annoyed at foreign press that let 's it look as if we would be ashamed all the time and brings idiots foreward with no clue that go around ` germany has done enough ' ` they are so ashamed that 's why they did this or that ' , ' i was never there but i know 100 % better how germans should remember their history ' the afd politican that made the speech has one scandal after the others ( the things he says are disgusting ) , parts of the afd will probably distance themself from him because he is getting too costly and there will be inner leadership fights yet again . 
  yes , he choose wich of our newspapers to give a interview first . 
  bild won ... 
  good riddance ~, 
   dobrindt one of the politicans that probably new about it for years ... why is he even talking about other countries , is he really going around trying to be the ` fighter against emissions ' now ? 
  even if they do it too it does n't make vw any better . 
  the hell ... 
  i watched a mini doku ( part of a show in the \u00f6ffentlich rechtlichen i think ? ), 
  and they talked about how we have problems with our notaufnahme in germany , that there are no standards for all hospitals and that it can be luck if you get the right tests . 
  i think they said they would be working on it but not sure how far that is and if it would have helped your sister . 
  thank god that she was stubborn tho . 
  i think the \u00c4rtztekammer would be a good step , not sure if suing would help anything . 
  you could also write your landtagsabgeordneten or sth political like that , that they should push for better standards . 
  edit : my spelling is a mess, 
  are you f ****** kidding me . 
  i thought maybe maybe it 's photoshopped ( because really now , how can you say sth like that ? 
  ) , but nope real and she still has it [ up ] ( https://twitter.com/monicacrowley/status/651043858541879296?lang=en ), 
  our next budget has a huge jump on infrastructure [ spending ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/germany-infrastructure-investment-idusl5n16o5vh ) ( finally ) edit : this is probably still way too long , i do n't know much about infrastructure spending as a whole, 
  it 's not about for what they are per se , the suprising part is more that they even make it a topic . 
  they where never a party campaigning with inner or outer security but that seems to slightly change now . 
  the article is about for example tunesia taking their citizen back , what has that to do with any eu regulations ? 
   and if a country is unwillingly forced to accept x amount of refugees , i do n't see how that is not `` internal policy '' . 
  it 's exactly internal policy . 
  they are not talking about the eu , it 's about countries like tunesia taking rejected asylum seekers back, 
  they are not talking about the eu, 
  they are not talking about the eu, 
  election mode ... even the greens are talking about internal security , like hell froze over or sth, 
  lol edit : can they really do it on nationality tho ? 
  it would be hilarious tbh, 
  i just ca n't with this toll , typical csu . 
  we wo n't even get anything out of it because all the bureaucracy and it 's just a hassle . 
  they wo n't let it die tho !, 
  i was so suprised about the news that they were seriously still working on it . 
  i thought they gave up and let it dissapear otl, 
  well germans generally do n't bet on political things , or anything really besides sport ... edit : paddypowers is also not even available to use here, 
  here is a [ example ] ( https://radioresearchdotnet.files.wordpress.com/2016/03/layout-mein-kampf-neuauflage-2016-data.jpg ) : on the right site is the original and the rest is notes , i did n't read it so no idea about the infos about the popularity , a lot of germans never read it so i am not really suprised at the interest . 
  i think there is a certain curiosity but not as much to really bother to buy it , than it was in the news a lot because the copyright was running out and it was getting printed the first time in germany again and a lot of people used that occation to satisfy that curiosity . 
  so much shit is this sub sometimes, 
  in [ berlin ] ( http://www.wahlrecht.de/umfragen/landtage/berlin.htm ) insa was a little better but in [ baden-w\u00fcrttemberg ] ( http://www.wahlrecht.de/umfragen/landtage/baden-wuerttemberg.htm ) they were all too low concerning the afd and there insa was even higher for cdu than forsa , [ rheinland-pfalz ] ( http://www.wahlrecht.de/umfragen/landtage/rheinland-pfalz.htm ) too both wrong + too high for cdu and in [ sachsen-anhalt ] ( http://www.wahlrecht.de/umfragen/landtage/sachsen-anhalt.htm ) they were nearer one point but that is not much . 
  so i would say there were all pretty similar wrong , i ca n't really see a trend of insa being a lot more right . 
  edit : tho it looks as if forsa really has problems being right for the spd, 
  well it 's the highest they got since 13th january in that poll ( they are getting in the direction since november so maybe it 's just a spike ) i think the spd lost points because the cdu had proposed a law for longer deportation custody ( which could have been used for the berlin culprit for example ) and the spd blocked it , so the cdu could go arond ` we tried ' and the spd looks bad in concerns of the intern security . 
  could be one reason why it did n't hurt their numbers . 
  the article uses this [ poll ] ( http://www.wahlrecht.de/umfragen/forsa.htm ) as far as i can see , the cdu went 2 points up german [ article ] ( http://www.stern.de/politik/deutschland/angela-merkel-im-wahltrend--fuer-die-kanzlerin-und-die-cdu-geht-s-bergauf-7257386.html ) about it other [ polls ] ( http://www.wahlrecht.de/umfragen/ ) of this month, 
  because people here think it 's about all news on facebook , the politican made the argment : if fake news about a person is getting shared and that person reports it , it should be deleted in 24h or than a fine up to 500k ( i think that was in response to a green politicans fake news scandal ) . 
  also some talk that facebook still does n't delete stuff like hate against a minorities , death threads , telling people to act with violence against groups fast enough and that they are dragging their feet for years now so apperently only fines work . 
  well a europe wide system would but seeing how it looks this wo n't happen , so nothing . 
  the same can be said about asylum seekers from austria and denmark that try it in germany too . 
  edit : upss, 
  well it costs either way , even if people stay just one or two months longer and we than have to deport them it costs the same . 
  they are doing things to speed up the process but all of this stuff doe n't happen in an instant and the reality is that we have parties that worked years actively against deportions and that 's the reason people were here for years . 
  it 's just a lot less hassle for the govenment if they decide to leave themselves, 
  finger prints i would guess, 
  here in the news it was up to 500k $ , and as far as i know only one politican said it so no idea if there are already laws planned, 
  i am always shocked how much younger she looked 2013, 
  and this is related to europe how ? 
  that title ... things that are probably more the reason than her being muslim :  but ms shhaideh has been criticised for lacking political experience , only serving once as a regional minister . 
   ...  the president did not explain the factors he considered in making his decision but there have been allegations that ms shhaideh would be psd leader liviu dragnea 's `` puppet '' if she became prime minister . 
   the european central bank should mop up as much debt and liabilities as possible the article ignores that the ecb made rules for themselve to stop at 30 % of one countries debt and to buy porportional , so they would buy more debt for examble from germany or france than from the small member states ( in contrast to the scenario their whole debt will be in ecb 's hands ) , i think exactly to avoid what is described in the article . 
  i do n't know if these rules are for greece too tho , i just read in the ft about it in connection with the bond buying slowdown . 
  no idea what will happen if there is another crash tho , they could run out of bonds to buy along the rules and have to buy on anyway . 
   a diluted germany allows bavarians to assert their dual european and bavarian identities . 
  a regional pride was always there , often even more in a village or in a region than just in a state ( like in my case feeling more franconian than bavarian , so i would be pretty weirded out to if someone tries to take me out of my country ) that regional identity does n't mean i am not german tho and i do n't think there will be more of a bavarian + european than a bavarian + german + eurpean nationality . 
  in contrast to scotland and catalonia there is also no real independence talk besides jokes here . 
  how original, 
  at the moment we ca n't hold people that need to get deported more than a few days ( such a law was blocked from the spd until now ) , so they could n't do anything without these tunesian papers .
