the only news reporting about that yesterday were fox and cnn , no german news source or the german police confirmed him saying allahu akbar . 
  the us news jumped the gun reporting that and i really wish sometimes news in other languages would wait for some confirmations instead of just reporting everything that is going around edit : a word, 
  do you support the creation of an eu army ? 
  ( yes/no is enough ) yes would you join it voluntarily ? 
  mhhh , maybe depends on the structure and that it 's a devense one would you support a draft ? 
  yes would you sacrifice a year of two in basic training if mandatory ? 
  4 . b would you support mandatory basic training of an year or two ? 
  yes are you physically able to join it ? 
  ( gender does n't matter ) yes do you have relevant skills you could bring into it ? 
  english & german , probably administrative work which role/branch would you like to serve in ? 
  anywhere as long as it 's in a administrative role, 
  oh this really works : o, 
  it 's not the decision of the us what we do with our military the 2 % goal is there so that countries did n't reduce spending even more than they already did after the cold war , it 's not binding if they want to force us to double our military budget or to use our military in their interest even more instead of defense i would rather leave nato ... 
  ughhhh this whole thing is soooo annoying, 
  [ poland denies reports of withdrawal from eurocorps ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/poland-denies-reports-of-withdrawal-from-eurocorps/a-38175023 ), 
  i never had that , is that really a thing here ? 
  i think the reason is the success of aldi and other stores in that price segment , they reduced margins enormously and have a huge enough market share to influence how high the price of a product can get . 
  if the big producers start to reduce quality they will just bring people to buy even more at aldi and lidl because , if you ca n't taste some difference you do n't have a reason to pay that little bit more ( there is also not much of a stigma to buy cheap where it does n't make a taste difference , it 's more seen as logical ) . 
   almost everything has a reduced quantity from the `` expected '' size . 
  while in germany you have 500 g yoghurt , here we have 390 g or 450 g ones in deceivingly shaped containers . 
  instead of 200 g ones we have 150-175 g. we have the verbraucherzentrale to work against such developments but that happens here sometimes too , we can see how much 100g costs in the supermarket tho ( they have to show it ) so you can just choose one that is cheaper . 
  maybe it 's that ? 
  i am not sure if you have that 100g = price thing in hungary too, 
  yesss , it 's a great sign that the afd is in a downward spiral even in the infratest poll 14 % -12 % -11 % ( they have them often 1 % or 2 % over the other polls ) i hope they will go down even more when their stand on other issues than refugees get important . 
  they will have to debate their points with the other parties when all programs are on the table and they really do n't win much there edit : word order, 
   its also hypocritical because the german state was doing the exact opposite when the crisis started , they massivly pumped money into the market to prevent a circle of consuming less . 
  well yes , that 's the idea behind anti-cyclic spending , you pump money into the economy in case of a crisis to stabilize it and try to reign in spending during good times so that you can spend when the crisis hits . 
  greece did n't had this kind of spending during crisis they had it during the good years too, 
  the cdu was always more anti-refugee and immigration in contrast to the other parties , the refugee crisis was a result of that in parts ( no real effort to reform dublin until the whole thing came crashing down , it 's easier to ignore the whole thing and let greece and italy deal with it ) . 
  the whole open door policy came from the situation of these people already being in europe , the ` asyl has no upper limit statement ' is just a reality of our law ( and not a statement that she wants all refugees to come ) and she always said people have to leave when they do n't get asyl . 
  i do n't think the current spd trend has much to do with refugees or immigration , things like a new start for the spd , the economy , investment in our future , europe , the euro , just being tired of merkel after all this time + the spd went quite a few steps to the right on this topic so it does n't became a reason people do n't vote for them ( basically the same the cdu always did , copying issues and give them your spin but basically make them a no topic because both promises some kind of solution to the problem that sounds similar ) and the numbers are down a lot so people care less, 
  the afd ones are probably protest voters , i have no idea how trump 's work can look good as a green voter lmaoo . 
  complete disbelieve in all media ? 
  i mostly listened to it ( my daily good night audio cassette ) and i loved it , i went to the library so often getting new ones and listen to one every few years when i am nostalgic and in the mood . 
  my fave < 3 i still have cassettes at home, 
  i ca n't find any survey for saxony since 11.2016 , they will only have landtagswahlen in 2019 so they are also not a priority in polling that . 
  i loved that series as a child, 
  their only talking point which what they got voters is the refugee crisis and that one is pretty much dead at the moment , people are a lot more interested in economy , what is going on in the us and the futur of the eu i think . 
  also some people planned to vote afd as a protest vote but now that gabriel is gone and it somewhat feels as if the spd can make a fresh start they reconsider . 
  it also does n't help that they are in the news because of infighting and when their leaders say nazi stuff again and again . 
  this is a awsome picture , thanks for sharing, 
  together the eu already far outspends russia . 
  also the whole point of nato is that nothing even happens ( it 's a deterrent ) , because there is a difference in considering to go to war with one country and to go to war with almost the whole west . 
  i am not really saying it 's the right thing or right choice in my post ( for that i am not informed enough ) , it 's just a political and somewhat society wise reality . 
  there is no way that there is a political will to get the spending to 2 % in germany at the moment . 
  i am pretty sure they will just go on ignoring them and work to integrate european armies more to say ` look we do more in nato , we just reduce costs through working together ' . 
  trump is also seen as really negative here , that makes spending arguments like for example to fight the ` war against terror ' even less likely to succeed . 
  edit : wording, 
  it was actually the spd 's idea , sch\u00e4uble just agreed and drafted the law edit : also the law would n't cut the child benefits in half , they want to adjust it to the living cost of the country where the child lives . 
  i do n't think they will do as much infrastructure spending as people want , it 's not just money it also depends on planning capacity and labor and our federal states system does n't make it easier . 
  ( there is money left over that was put aside for the federal states to claim for school renovations for example ) big projects also always stall for years because of lawsuits and protests ( like for example the power grip that needs to get updated for renewables , it was protested against forever and they now decided to put the cables underground ) i am not sure what they can do about private investing , sch\u00e4uble want 's a tax reform for firms i think but i am not sure about the plans ( not informed ) , a real immigration law against the labour shortage we will have ( until automation takes full off ) could be necessary ( i am not sure if there is the political will for that ) or better retraining programs so that we can shift people from on industry into another, 
  they are a great place to retire, 
  even if they manage to force the eu to allow the import , they ca n't force us to buy that meat and i definitely wo n't, 
  yes , sorry about that . 
  i edited my post to make it more clear . 
  thanks for telling me, 
  hahaha , the translation in german is internationaler w\u00e4hrungsfond . 
  i did n't even register that they are different . 
  same more from a german article that came out after that sch\u00e4uble interview : the fdp is saying the same , leaving the eurozone and then debt cut . 
  thay are also saying tsipras does not plan to make the agreed reforms at all ( i think this will be one of their campaign points for the election ) spd 's opperman says to sch\u00e4uble to not make the situation worse through a media campaign against greece , and that it would be desirable for the iwf to stay on board . 
  the agreement of the iwf is necessary because that 's one of the terms through wich the rescue money got through the bundestag at all the german article also says that the report about the reforms ( which is necessary for the next stage ) is way overdue the iwf wants better reports about the economy from greece ( though this topic is not the main deciding factor of the iwf ) the iwf is unsure if 1,5 or 3,5 budget surplus but it definitely wants more reforms , especially pension cuts and a tax reform ( less exceptions and i am not sure if they mean lower tax brackets or less tax dues form how it 's written ) [ ( german article ) ] ( http://www.faz.net/aktuell/wirtschaft/eurokrise/griechenland/fdp-chef-lindner-will-den-grexit-14869064.html ) edit : iwf = imf in german, 
  probably not , i am not a fan of what they did the last time they did govern , but i am also not up to date about their current program so i wo n't say 100 % no yet, 
  well my post on the top was not really if i prefer merkel or schulz but that i dislike rrg . 
  so voting cdu is one way to prevent that happening . 
  i am still undecided if i even want spd at all , i need a program first , especially plans for europe from both parties . 
  i live in bavaria , the csu is making it really difficult . 
  politics , some things they say are way too extreme for me . 
  especially foreign policy . 
  there are some people in the linke that live in reality and are coalition able but then there are others that sound just crazy . 
   could survive such an humiliation . 
  it would be the first time that they are the junior partner in a coalition on the federal level . 
  i do n't think they would do it , better opposition than being the unpopular partner . 
  it would really change how we think of the cdu and i do n't think they want that could a minority government work ( spd+g reens ) ? 
  did we ever had one in germany ? 
  i can see them working on certain areas with the left and on other issues with the cdu like foreign politics or security stuff, 
  still better than spd-greens-linke, 
  the greens are getting really low :( i do n't want spd-greens-linke , spd-greens or spd-fdp-greens would be better, 
  it 's polling ... infratest dimap regularly use this sample size to [ poll ] ( http://www.wahlrecht.de/umfragen/dimap.htm ) so this one is nothing special and there is a certain margin of error ( which they name ), 
   i may be fine in seeing her in office next election cycle , but i have no intention to see her again after that . 
  same , one more cycle is ok but after that someone new ( at best even another party , spd+g reens maybe ) . 
  only always the same is not good . 
  well , he fits right in ... 
   the concept of `` the leader of the free world '' is a media-created position specifically for the us president by the us media that probably explains my puzzlement over the concept  liberty , openness , progressiveness she is a conservative ( one that went a little towards the middle of the spectrum , but still not left leaning at all ) we still do n't have gay marriage because of her party , while there is wide puplic support for it . 
  still no immigration law ( what we would need becuause of our birth rate ) . 
  not enough investing in education and infrastructure etc. 
  no vision for europes future and how our sociaty and wealth will survive in the future . 
   i know german 's get queasy whenever they 're asked to step into the political spotlight i realy do n't think we are up for it tbh , look at the clusterf * ck that the refugee crsis is . 
  we would have needed work on a solution years ago , not when the floodgates were already open ; it was just easier to pretend nothing is happening and let italy and greece deal with it . 
   but what we all in the eu ( collectively ) i hope a little trump will bring us a little together , i want europe to survive and have a strong voice in the world  also what is zis word ? 
  it 's not about her as a person , it 's her style to govern . 
  that 's ok and depends on preferences on a national level . 
  it 's barely ok on european level ( some vision would be nice ) and i do n't think it will work as a ` leader of the free world ', 
  yes but some vision on how europa should look in the future would be great , and telling us about it ( instead of just solving one problem after the other ) we need some change tho , because europe how it is , does n't seem to work right now . 
  i am not a fan of us politics either , that does n't mean germany is the right counrty for it tho . 
  i really wish it could be europe as a block . 
   she 's not a flashy camera personality it 's not about that , i do n't mean that she is a bad national leader or needs to be flashier . 
  i even like the steadines not rocking the boat . 
  ( sometimes ) she was never the kind to go forward and make big changes or make drastic decisions tho . 
   leader of the free world to merkel people need to stop saying that otllll she is not that kind of leadership person , i blame the us media for pretending she could be, 
  i think i made it pretty clear that i think nato is useful how it is right now , as soon as the us tries to force us to be more involved in the ` war agains terror ' or to overspent on our military i think we should consider a eu defense army .
