  burkas in normal public room are no risk for other people so the laws stand . 
  from wiki : the freedom of religion in the grundgesetz ( basic law ) means one may adopt any kind of religious or non-religious belief , ** practice it in private or in public ** , confess it , or keep it for oneself . 
  the state does not identify with any religious organization . 
  religious freedom , like the other basic rights of the grundgesetz , is limited where it collides with the core value of human dignity or with the basic rights of others , or if it is misused to fight against the basic constituency of free democracy . 
  soooo ... let 's see , bombs start to drop on your country tomorrow , you manage to flee with a few thousends to main europe , your logic than -  bye there are criminals under you , go back and die or peopel suddenly start to hate you because of your race or your religion , same play again ... go back you criminal asyl rights are not ` no gain ' , they were made a reality for a reason . 
  to protect human lives . 
  this does n't mean we can just accept everyone but it does mean that we ca n't crush this laws if people are already here . 
  we have to stop people that do n't have the right for asyl and need proteced eu boardes with transitzones to filter out who wo n't be able to stay . 
  just read this , there are cases where it 's forbidden but that 's ` right of the owner or security cases ' and not just simple public space : http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/germany-debates-a-ban-on-burqas-and-other-muslim-veils-a-1108562.html, 
  national courts integrate the decision of the echr . 
  our lawers know about that uphold of the law and still said it 's not possible , so appearently they so n't integrate all but in time for the ban hitler was not a religous symbol so there is a pretty big difference ... it 's pretty logical that we would protect religious rights if you consinder what happened in ww2 . 
  no i do n't see it like that at all , i accept that other humans have different belives than me and that they are protected under our laws when they live here ( like they should be ) . 
  i do n't mean they have to live 100 % like us , they just have to accept our laws and let other people live under these protections too so that the sociaty is protected and people can live as free as possible . 
  if their freedom is to waer a burka whatever , i do n't care , as long as they accept my freedoms too . 
  that 's why integration and acceptans of our laws . 
  stop laying words in my mouth , it 's getting really annoying . 
  that 's why i just wrote that i am not a fan of parallel sociaties , but to just cause friction about sth that wo n't work anyway and brings people even more away from us is not really a solution either . 
  i do n't think it 's our ` most impotent goal ' is to integrate people ( wth really now ? ), 
  but i do have the belive that everything runs more smoothly if they are . 
  i really am not a fan of parallel sociaties ( like we have with quita a few immigrants of turkey because their parents or grandparents never got integrated either ) or people that ca n't german and are against our sociaty as a whole so it 's the most logical step . 
  to have just friction and problems because of immigrants is just not a great way foreward . 
  nazi symbols are not religious for one and these laws are still there because they where necessary after ww2 , i do n't think anyone will change them tho because there is no interest or necessary . 
  just because the human rights court did n't repell it does n't mean ours wo n't , the consens of lawers that were asked until now is , that it 's not possible . 
  but it does n't help to integrate people and i ca n't imagine that many people woud just leave . 
  i just do n't see a way this law would n't be repelled from the courts immedatly . 
  even if they win and it 's forbidden everywhere this opens a whole can , because if they manage this , they can also make laws that where beforehand protected under laws i trust , so i would n't be happy about it . 
  maybe it solves a few single cases but i do n't believe it helps integration at all . 
  maybe i am wrong and it worked for france but i ca n't see it happening, 
  it probalby wo n't hapen here either , that 's why she said ` where possible under the law ' . 
  it 's just a symbol to get people back from the afd and to make nice to the party base and the csu . 
  good !!, 
  i will just quote mysef : she is running agian , it was clear that she will try to get some people back from the afd + try to work together with the csu withou that absurd ` obergrenze ' they want ( which legally does n't even work in germany ) . 
  so this was a pretty logical step . 
  not that i am for it really , it 's symbol politic and does n't really work on problems or is a good solution for anything . 
  that article is a little too negative for me , i do n't think most of these things are ging to happen so i am pretty sure the eu will survive . 
  i am not too sure if the euro will too tho , there are big problems and we are not really near any good solutions . 
  as far as i know volkswagen wo n't fire people , they just wo n't hire new ones for 23.000 that retire in the next few years and give people money to retire early or reduce their work time . 
  considering this was already wrong ( and that 's the one that was really in the news ) i am not really confident in the other numbers . 
  where should i go ? 
  no idea lol , that you have to decide yourself btw i only speak english try to learn the language when you decided because , germany for example will be a pain without german . 
  only english will not be enjoyable in the long run . 
  i am pretty dissapointed and sad about it , so my opinion got dragged down quite a bit . 
  i was in london and really enjoyed it and england was in my head more and more as a place where i thought to myself , yes if i want a change or want to life in anothe country , england would be it . 
  i like this language and it was really great to have this feeling of possibility . 
  now it 's not even that the situation changed ( with how easy it would have been ) but really the feeling at how i saw this country changed a lot , all this hate and the lies . 
  i was really dissapointed . 
  but the soft cap is for the 6gb of germany too , so if they had a soft cap they would show the gb where the soft cap starts . 
  i do n't think there is a single tarif here without a cap and they usually say you get 6 gb , when it 's actual until 6gb and than slow . 
  no limit -----  15 $ ok this is just annoying . 
  i hate our major mobile operators , their prices are just ridiculous, 
  yes , but tbh i am not up to date at how good a job he does in baden-w\u00fcrttemberg . 
  edit : a word, 
  wait , what noooooo . 
  look at my post above . 
  i am still debating if i consider voting spd while looking at the possibility of them building a coalition with the linke . 
  there are some parts of the greens ... well i like the parts that could work together with the cdu lol . 
  i do n't know , we also only really will start with campaigning and party promises now so maybe my opinion will change again next year . 
  the fdp feels like a throwaway vote at the moment , they really lost there . 
  maybe they somehow can revive . 
  i think they will try to build him up for the next elections and will just cross this one of their mind as a loss . 
  i do n't know , he was a long time in europe , he will probably be the new foreign minister but i am not sure if they wo n't wait . 
  hopefully i am wrong and they can make a good enough campaign and build him so up that he is a real alternative and not just sth ` maybe after merkel ' like i see him know . 
  the csu was the whole term over a catastrophe ( instead of working for a solution they made the whole situation even more violat and that really really annoyed me ) , i already voted the last term only for them because i wanted the cdu and what happened , they got even worse because they got the majority in bavaria and now thought they could do whatever they want . 
  our system is not so narrow that voting for another party means automatically that i throw away my vote . 
  thre are alternatives that work and like i said i will still wait and see how the situation looks with the linke . 
  what has my dislike of how disruptive and annoying the csu is behaving to do with trump ? 
  edit : a word, 
  i really wish there woud be a possibility of a cdu - greens ( the not crazy parts ) coalition . 
  i think it could work better than what we have now . 
  if she does she will try to win back people she lost to the afd , so agreement in part to the rethoric of the csu ( and here is where i say bye cause with how toxic this party was the whole term over i wo n't vote for them agian ... 
  they were already rediculous with their pkw maut the last election and now they only got worse ) i am really staring to get annoyed that i have to vote csu when i want cdu . 
  guess spd is it , even when gabriel is awful . 
  edit : of course only if it is before the election still clear that they ca n't work with the linke , if not i will think again, 
  zu 2 : the parties did n't formally announce yet , schulz is talked about in the spd or maybe gabriel and merkel for the cdu/csu ( if she decides to run again ) . 
  the polling from 11.11 is cdu/csu 34 % , spd 22 % , afd 12 % , linke = left 10 % , gr\u00fcne = greens 13 % , fdp = liberal 5 % , othes 4 % . 
  for majority that means either cdu/csu + spd ( current government ) or a even more left goverment out of spd+g r\u00fcne + linke ( tho they need to do a little better at the actual election and there is the question if the spd and the linke manage to work together ; which is questionable ) . 
  i do n't see any way that the afd will govern at the moment , they wont get over 50 % and i do n't see any party that would form a coalition with them . 
  source for the polling numbers : http://www.forschungsgruppe.de/aktuelles/politbarometer/, 
  i would love flying cars so i am just going to hope , even if it sounds crazy, 
  noooooo, 
  the reason the workers went to the union and want higher wages now is that before they had job security they had a stable job in a company that had diverse contracts ( a lot of workers are ok with somewhat depressed wages so that their company stays competitive and they for sure know they will keep their job ) tesla canceled all the other contracts & founder of the company suddenly left -  huge question mark around the job security aspect now if stable and security goes down people expect more money in exchange , pretty normal, 
  from what i read in the german news : that 's the reason they care about a union contract now , they did n't have one under the old chef and made less money than the union rate too , job security was great tho and i guess that 's why the money was not as much of a topic then tesla comes , the founder leaves abruptly and they canceled all the other contracts ( in contrast to what was agreed beforehand ) , guess people got worried and went to the union, 
   look left , look right , clear , look left and right again and no cars for miles but the light is still red , i then crossed the road and everyone behind me looked so disappointed ? 
  they were all waiting for the green man but you have to think of the children that see you do that !!!!, 
  / s no really , that 's normal , especially in the city . 
  outside the busy parts of the city and in little villages , it 's different . 
  if you do n't see anyone you just go over the street too ( but not at the red light , that would still feel wrong . 
  you just cross 50m next to it ) i was in london two years ago and i was really a little shocked , it looked so dangerous . 
  anyone running just randomly on the street even if you could see the cars coming , it has to be hellish scary to drive there ... 
  dead through heart attack ... 
   first , put some moral pressure on the germans to take action . 
  true , angela merkel and the stern inflation hawks at the bundesbank may not like it very much , but the government needs to spend and spend -- and keep on spending -- to boost demand . 
  instead of obsessing over balancing the budget , even though a lot of german debt has been trading on negative yields , it should be running a budget deficit that is at least the equal of the trade surplus . 
  are you fucking kidding me , we have a population that is getting older and older and getting near full employment . 
  you do n't pump money into the economy when it 's working , we will need our credit when we have labor shortages and old people we have to pay for . 
  we ca n't just think in terms of the next few years , we will have to think of the next decades ... the rest of the article is equally bad , i agree that we need to invest more in infrastructure and our education but the reality is too that our surplus will go down anyway with our demographic, 
   breaking : cnn turk has just announced that the data they have is wrong . 
  based on state figures , a higher number of votes came in for no , and a lower number of ballot boxes have actually been opened . 
  we currently have no idea who is actually ahead . 
  chp has 100 % rejected the legitimacy of the figures above .
