  i will keep you updated . 
  what even ... 
  i am afraid it wo n't be enough otlll plssss let me be wrong, 
  this is fucking depressing to watch, 
  here : http://www.infratest-dimap.de/typo3temp/_processed_/csm_folie25_03_cd42747570.png, 
  they are pretty common and as far as i see nobody is looking down on you for having one . 
  tho i do n't often see any in customer-oriented jobs ( for example banks ) personally , i do n't think i will ever get one , i still remember the [ arschgeweih ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/arschgeweih ) craze and i cringe every time when i see one nowadays . 
  edit : word, 
  not ` significantly ' but a little , the super bowl is for example shown live and some games before that i think  if an nfl game was played near you , would have any desire to attend ? 
  probably not , i think it would depend on how far away and what price . 
  i do n't think i would go out of my way for it, 
  do you mean tab water , for free ? 
  it 's normally not done , if you ask for water they get you bottled one you have to pay for edit : also i forgot , if you do n't want carbonated one you have to tell them, 
  the uk is not part of schengen ( the agreement that makes border crossing so easy in the eu ) . 
  there are also some other crossings that have border controls at the moment because of the refugee crisis, 
  it 's because if you 're an employee making less than 4800 euro/month , you ca n't leave the public system . 
  ohhhh i forgot about that one , thanks for the correction, 
   does your country have universal healthcare ? 
  yes  is it single payer ? 
  no , we have a multi-payer system . 
  we can choose between statutory health insurance ( that is known as sickness funds , they are strongly regulated and none profit ) and private health insurance . 
  the private one is often cheaper when you are younger the problem tho is that it gets really really expensive later on and if you are one time out of the sickness fund you probably wo n't get into it again . 
  that 's why the majority of germans are in the statutory health insurance . 
  ( self-employment is one of the main groups that goes private ) . 
  one great feature is that you can stay in the sickness fund and at the same time get yourself additional insurance if you have the money and want extra stuff like dental , glasses or one-bed-room in the hospital  how much does it cost you per month ? 
  i am still under my parents , the normal rate tho is 15,5 % of your salary ( 7,3 % pays the employer , the rates could differ by now , i have them from wiki ) . 
  there is a cap so super rich people do n't pay that percentage , only a certain amount . 
  people without job or with low-income jobs get their insurance paid from the government  what do you like and dislike about it ? 
  most stuff get paid , it is highly regulated so you can choose between the different sickness funds depending on extra features and preference without fear of getting screwed over . 
  the chip card is awesome , you give it to your doctor and do n't have to worry about bills or anything . 
  the doctor and the insurance do it for you . 
  not so great : there are inefficiencies in the system , hospital stays are sometimes longer than in other countries or certain treatments get preference ( even if there would have been other possibilities or it would have been a possible measure to wait ) because of how they are billed  do you have a doctor shortage ? 
  in rural areas but still doable as far as i know , though i think this will become more and more of a problem with our demographic . 
  as far as hospitals beds we are good ( probably even too much , so not really an efficient system ) . 
  no long wait times as far as i know . 
   does it have enough government funding or too much ( unsustainable ) ? 
  our problem is that our costs are rising because of our demographic , we will probably need cost-reducing reforms and debates how to handle that over the next decades tho i think we will somehow find a solution , our health insurance is way too integrated into the ` of course it 's the government 's responsibility to get us good insurance ' believe to have any party survive that tries to greatly reduces it . 
   do you think it would be justified for the us , with south korea and japan , to attack north korea ? 
  no , i also do n't see sk agreeing nk has nuclear weapons for quite some time now and they mostly seem to use them as a deterrent against regime change . 
  ( if we look from their standpoint , they are right . 
  china and the us are getting more and more on the same page about stuff through trade , they have no chance to defend themselves in case china + the us agree to do sth together -  only thing scary enough to prevent that : nukes ) the other thing that has to be considered , let 's imagine that through some witchcraft everything works out , no nukes used , regime change with minimal casualties . 
  what then ? 
  the costs of reunification would probably ruin sk , millions of refugees , no education , brainwashed population . 
  i have no idea how that can work . 
  china does n't have the money to foot that bill , it has to stabilize it 's own economy , reforms , bubbles etc. 
  ( and even if i am wrong and they have it , i do n't think they would pay ) is the us willing to pay ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  so reunification is probably out , they could install a new leadership and prevent the population from leaving but for that you definitely need boots on the ground and occupation , the population is also still brainwashed so that can get ugly . 
  i really do n't see solutions where a strike does n't end ugly , maybe with china more involved a diplomatic solution gets somewhat at least in the range of ` maybe ' but i am not holding my breath . 
  i do n't think they will give up their nukes even if the people starve even more than they already do . 
   dirk basketball is not really that popular here , of course people know who he is but he is far less popular than the famous football players or even our successful formel 1 and olympic athletes i would say you have to consider that he is not playing in germany and our national team is not competitive . 
  people are more interested in stuff where we have athletes or teams that win i would say . 
  i am not sure yet ( still waiting for the programs ) but definitely not afd or die linke . 
  fdp is unlikely too . 
  fo me it goes like that region ( franconia ) - german - european - world, 
  today was a great biathlon day !!!, 
   is the sport broadcasted live , just highlights or not at all ? 
  free/public channels or pay channels ? 
  yes , our public broadcasters have wintersport friday to sunday + eurosport too  are the big names famous for the general population in their countries ? 
  i 've heard gabriela koukalova is a huge star in czechia now , but what about martin fourcade in france or laura dahlmeier in germany ? 
  i am not 100 % sure but she is in the news and in the papers when she wins so i think by now at least some people will know here name . 
  not really a star like our famous footballers i would say tho  are there significant regional differences in popularity within the country , like northern vs. southern italy ? 
  i have no idea how would you rate the popularity of biathlon compared to other winter sports ( especially ski sports like alpine skiing , ski jumping/flying and cross country skiing ) ? 
  i would say it 's one of the most popular, 
  yes , my mom does it and i always find it so weird , i am not sure she even registers it . 
  i do n't think i do it but who knows maybe someone from another country would feel like i do . 
   there 's a really reeeally salty guy on here who reports every post which has `` americanized '' grammar . 
  16 year old audi i got from my grandparents as my first car, 
  fr\u00e4nkischer tag is more a regional one , franken in this case ( sorry for not mentioning that before ) it does n't matter if user 's can choose themselves which sites they see but these regional ones are a lot less interesting for someone in the north of germany . 
  most regions have their own . 
  die zeit , s\u00fcddeutsche , fr\u00e4nkischer tag , faz , ft ( sometimes bloomberg ) , wall street journal , new york times , foreignpolicy , since trump sometimes the hill forgot : sometimes wahington post and bbc i would be really interested in it , it looks great, 
   i often find tiny local newspapers well yes , i enjoy my local one too but for mine at least there are no english versions available, 
  so print media : it 's not too bad i would say , we have quite a few i read regularly and enjoy . 
  they are not complete unbiased ( because of readership preferences and tradition ) but i do n't think they need to be . 
  it 's good to have different perspectives . 
  [ zeit in english ] ( http://www.zeit.de/english/index ) , it 's only some news they decide to translate tho and you wo n't get a full picture of current news sadly faz ( more conservative ) has sadly only rare english translations s\u00fcddeutsche ( more left-leaning ) [ here ] ( http://international.sueddeutsche.de ) there are also some that are english orientated like [ dw ] ( http://www.dw.com ) and [ the local ] ( https://www.thelocal.de ) but i ca n't tell how good and trustworthy they are because i do n't read them regulary for tv news : either zdf or ard , zdf has some clips in english [ here ] ( https://www.zdf.de/international/zdfenglish ) but again not a lot, 
  i love my automatic , i do n't think i ever want to drive a manual again . 
  it 's just so much easier and i am really lazy . 
  i was really bad in it in school and had problems to even understand full sentences until i started reading in english . 
  in the beginning it was really hard and i needed google translate none stop but it helped me a lot . 
  probably , it also sounds great i guess . 
  they do n't pay their share . 
  that 's why our budget is so high !!, 
  it 's getting annoying . 
  i do n't get why he is going on whining about the 2 % , it 's a recommendation until 2020 ~ ~ and was agreed on in 2014 ~ ~ ( edit : or maybe not 2014 ? 
  i am finding conflicting infos . 
  the rest of my points still stand tho ) it 's also not binding . 
  i will quote myself from another thread where i answered a question why the other cuntries do n't ` pay their fair share '  because there is no need , the european countries alone far outspent russia . 
  the us does n't spent so much becuase the need to , they do it because of their weapon industrie . 
  nato is there , so that no war against one of the members is even considered . 
  it 's good for all members when they can reduce spending because the military of all together is enough for defense , it 's the us own fault that they do n't even consider that . 
  it 's a pact to avoid a war and not some trade deal . 
  trump also did n't promise to reduce military budget so there wo n't be a difference if nato countries spent more , the weapon lobby will just use china as a excuse to ramp up spending instead of the russia excuse . 
  another thing that prevents a huge movement for more is that people hear in discussions about the topic ` work force ' at the same time : robots will take over , what to do when there is not enough work available anymore ? , work 4.0 , etc. . . at the moment i think people somehow hope robots will take over before it gets really bad lol, 
  it was , especically with how he campaigned . 
  i think a lot of people around the world , especically younger , only know of him through how he acted during this election and what he said . 
  the whole thing felt really absurd . 
  i never heard of him before the campaign, 
  her party is center-right , but they found out the best place to win elections was ` die mitte ' so the middle and they took some topics from the left or greens over the years . 
  they are also in a coalition with the center-left at the moment which you can see in things like the minimum wage .
