  edit : a word edit2 .0 about the spd blocking : at least that 's what the cdu says , i do n't know if that 's true or just typical stuff because of the election next year . 
   proportional representation ( pr ) characterizes electoral systems by which divisions in an electorate are reflected proportionately in the elected body . 
  if 30 % of the electorate support a particular political party , then roughly 30 % of seats will be won by that party . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/proportional_representation edit : we have the mmp version of the ones named in the link [ current polls ] ( http://www.wahlrecht.de/umfragen/ ) about our parties : cdu/csu = center right together with spd = center left or spd+g reen + linke are the named alternative that will have huge problems working together because the linke is left extreme , fdp = liberal , afd = right, 
   merkel ca n't decide things like a dictator . 
  i know hahah , that rumor was always weird af  even pro-asylum advocates among the greens and the left will no longer be able to advocate unconditional welcome for all . 
  that was always completly crazy anyway . 
  i will be happy if they all are somewhat more practical in what they say because this split party view yes refugees - no regugees that developed will bring people to vote for parties just because of this single point and that is nonesense and really not a good idea in the long run . 
  you are probably right , so mine is more there should but it 's not really doable , kneejerk reasoning sorry . 
  it 's just that after sth like that , where there were clear signes beforehand & criminal & him activly working to find ways around the law , i feel a little perplexed , bewildered and annoyed that we ca n't do anything . 
  i understand how it happened , it 's scary anyway . 
  yes i just edited my comment , i did n't see before because i always skip them when i read the text anyway . 
  use at least the whole sentence = because it was in code , it was not enough for an arrest ( they would have need some kind of proof to hold him ) not that i agree , they really need to change the laws to hold people that do n't get asyl and are prone to dissapearing but that does n't mean it 's ok to translate this biased edit : oh sorry , i did n't see that you translated the subheading , i read that as a summary for the whole text . 
  they are just too gleeful that they can finallly go arond and shout told you so ; merkels fault !!!, 
  ; all refugees out but really the france attacks where really horrofying , it went over quite some time , it was not just one part of the city it was coordinated over the whole thing , we heard news about people being afraid in the bathroom , the videos of people running away with gunshots going on , new horror stories in the live stream . 
  i think a lot of people got news of it live and while it went still on , so they were more involved and there where really a lot of deaths . 
   on december 25th are you kidding me , they really should have done it before the 24th or on the second christmas day . 
  that is absurd . 
  edit : a word, 
   `` the solution is peace in syria and the return of migrants to their homes . 
  there is no place for them in europe , '' he said . 
  well , i am awaiting this magical powered peace than , that will surely appear tomorrow and solve all our refugee problems just because he said so . 
  just because a few decide to try it anyway does n't mean that they will have success in the long run . 
  and i meant get money from the government, 
  that 's not the point tho , they wo n't be able to work or get money here after they get relocated , so at some point most wo n't even try . 
  nobody is even talking about camps besides your politicans ... 
  it 's in the news here too, 
  it 's not true that everyone in germany liked the l\u00e4nderfianzausgleich and how it was handeled , it was always in discussion and it was decided to be changed in 2020 . 
  if it was already such a big deal in a single country how should it work over the whole union ? 
  there is also another clear difference between countries and the union , i can vote a party that agrees with my wishes regarding budget , taxes and spending behaviour , in the eu i ca n't . 
  we would need sth like that too than and for that countries would need to give up control about their budget and i do n't see that happening . 
  how will you tell german tax payers that they will need to pay more and that money wo n't even land in their own country ? 
  it wo n't work . 
  there is always agreement in european solidary , growth and change ; just as long as nobody wants on your own money . 
  how should that work ? 
  you ca n't ask people to give their tax money when they have no control where it goes and how it 's spent there . 
  countries will have to give uup their budget control and that should n't happen with how different everyone is . 
   ** however , there are still many politicians stating there will be a mutualisation of debt with political union coming later ** -- so the moral hazard is overwhelming . 
  if politicians could clarify this political debate -- which never occurs , despite all the summits in brussels -- to unite and ** say that political union is a vision at best , and stop giving the impression that political union is around the corner ** , it would create the opportunity to move in a direction where the no bail-out clause is taken seriously . 
  the reason this does n't happen is not just due to time limitations caused by the refugee crises , etc. 
  it is because politicians in some countries are aware they would be destroyed politically at home . 
  but it is the lack of clarity on the future direction that is the problem . 
  i really like what he says here , it 's just a reality that a political union wo n't come soon ( and should n't ) our countries are for that way too different . 
  the same with the mutualisation of debt , i still do n't see how that can be feasible and it definetly wo n't come soon . 
  i also agree with what he says about germany , i still do n't get how a fiscal deficit would help other european countries ? 
  infrastructure infestment for one wo n't help anyone in greece or italy . 
  our real wages already start to grow but a reality is that a lot of germans just really like to save their money up so i do n't see how demand will change much . 
  if people want sth they can already get it , there are cheap loans everywhere . 
  also we will have a lot of probems the next few decades . 
  baby boomers will retire soon , not enough skilled workes , automatization of manufacturing to just name a few . 
  so now could be the only time to get our national debt down . 
  we will have to spent a ton in the future , no need to hit the ceiling now . 
  edit : a word, 
  and now we have nothing left to bring them to talk to us , of course it was never an option of joining with how the country is developing under erdogan but to have something left between each other was better than torched earth of course this is a more satisfaying and strong symbol but i am not sure if it was the smart thing to do in the long run, 
  i found it pretty interesting , the intro :  results of a representative survey by tns infratest policy research regarding german attitudes towards europe and the european union  brexit , refugee crisis , transatlantic alienation : the list of internal and external challenges facing europe is long . 
  the european project is in one of the most profound crises of its 60-year history . 
  what do germans think about europe at this critical juncture ? 
  does the eu still have a future ? 
  and if so , what should this future look like ? 
   in an attempt to respond to these questions , in october 2016 k\u00f6rber foundation commissioned tns infratest policy research to carry out a nationwide representative survey of 1,001 people aged 18 and above on europe and german foreign policy . 
  i would suggest using the overall results and not the summery , a lot less text, 
  the only people suprised where the ones that do n't know anything about german politics and about the cdu/csu partnership . 
  it 's actually a good sign that we will finally get some public discussion about our parties back ( did n't feel as if there was much the last few years ) and a marginally chance for the spd to get back on their feet, 
   `` i am personally worried . 
  we are now seeing a picture resembling pre-world war ii . 
  this is very dangerous , '' he warned . 
  what even, 
  i really do n't care much about my religion personally , so i would convert to another too when i need asyl somehere and this gives me a better chance . 
  it 's election soon and she needed her base ; she did n't promise a full ban instead she said ` where legally possible ' and she wo n't find a party to do it with her anyway . 
  is often seen as the west 's last best defender of the liberal order against a tide of populism . 
  also always this , i found that already bullshit when the new york times made that article after trump and i ca n't believe they really will go on throwing this around . 
  it 's not germany 's role to be some defender for the whole west ( and it shoud n't be ) , every population has to stand against their populism themselves and vote on how they want to live . 
  and really , merkel ?!?!?!, 
  she never was this charismatic politican that get 's people excited . 
  the really need to stop expecting this stuff , she wo n't deliver even if they say it again and again . 
  it 's not about him personal tho , it 's about my ( if i would want to go to turkey ) feeling about the country , how safe i will be , how the mood is , how my experience would be and it just doesn feel positive ( !, 
  it does n't even have to be real , even the feeing is enough ) the only times sth about turkey is in the news recently is talk about how the relationship between our countries worsens and worsens or what weird things erdogan said again . 
  if you than stand before the choice where to go next year , of course you will go more to countries where there where no news or good news , in the end nobody knows how turkey will look next year or if it will still be safe for germans or if the economy will crash ( after that everyone with dollars is a traitor ) or or or ... in the end the negative feeling is enough to maybe decide for somewhere else, 
  the hell ?!?!? 
  he is acting literally like a little kid . 
  her papers were not ok , grow the fuck up . 
  that has nothing to do with ` uuuuu the germans are mean to us , so we are going to be mean too ' . 
  does he really have no common sense left ? 
  turkey had a massive problem with having not enough tourists this year , why the hell is he going on making the perception of turkey worse and worse in germany . 
  of course nobody wants to go there if he acts like this . 
  we clearly learned that dublin does n't work , it is total nonsense to now ignore this and to just go back to the status quo of before . 
  it has to be reformed and there is no way around this . 
  they ca n't just say now whatever and go on like that or we will have next crisis and again no solutions . 
  they bring up religous reasons tho . 
  and there are a lot of different interpretated islams , there is not just one universel one that is accepted in germany . 
  all are as long as they do n't collide with the named  limited where it collides with the core value of human dignity or with the basic rights of others , or if it is misused to fight against the basic constituency of free democracy . 
  head scarf is for some not part of their religion either for others tho it is . 
  again , in germany :  the freedom of religion in the grundgesetz ( basic law ) means one may adopt any kind of religious or non-religious belief , practice it in private or in public , confess it , or keep it for oneself . 
  the state does not identify with any religious organization . 
   religious freedom , like the other basic rights of the grundgesetz , is limited where it collides with the core value of human dignity or with the basic rights of others , or if it is misused to fight against the basic constituency of free democracy . 
  burkas just do n't collide with these things, 
  but religious freedom is one of our core values too , so we ca n't just go around and say for your group of people that is not a reality . 
  if we do it because of burkas we open the door to do it because of other things too . 
  because our laws are constructed to have the maximum freedom for all -  so if you start to hate against a group of people or try to bring others to hurt them because of belives you are no longer protected under religios laws . 
  that 's why religous groups can be forbidden or restriced .
