it is and it is n't . 
  it depends on where you go to primary school and the teachers you get there . 
  that alone can decide how you will do in irish for the rest of your schooling unless you are really interested in it . 
  the course is however extremely outdated and also not thought very well . 
  they 're have been attempts to change from the rote learning style in recent years and 40 % of the exam is now an oral exam where you have to talk to an examiner . 
  also for me i enjoy it as i like irish however some people do n't as they see it as useless so it needs to be seen as something we can use in our day to day lives otherwise students feel like they have no reason it learn of use it other than the exam . 
  i 'm currently in my second last year of secondary and this is the opinion of most of my friends . 
  here in ireland we start irish in junior infants the first year of primary school . 
  however we do n't start foreign languages french/german you get to pick in most schools until the first year of secondary school . 
  we really need to change our irish syllabus and then start teaching european languages from earlier maybe around 2/3rd class that 's years 4/5 of primary school . 
  sorry i did n't realise that you were talking about the l\u00e9 beckett as it is only briefly mentioned as it is n't currently involved in the operations but will be taking over from the niamh in a few weeks . 
  the ship was named after niamh from t\u00edr na n\u00d3g . 
  so i 'm not quite sure what your talking about . 
  as far as i understand they rescue everyone on the boats . 
  they are going out to boats in distress so i 'd guess the boats sunk or were deflated and taken . 
  ya we are neutral in ireland and i would not support us joining any eu army . 
  it would also go against our laws here . 
  we have no problems fighting in sanctioned un missions and have a triple lock system to join these which i think works well . 
  firstly they they must be un security council resolutions or general assembly resolutions , then a formal decision must be made by the irish government and lastly the d\u00e1il our lower house of the oireachtas/parliament must approve a resolution for it . 
  this system would n't be able to work if there was some eu army ordering us what to do . 
  i would be strongly against an eu army . 
  i 'd actually have said mo ghile mear and also its actually in irish . 
  i could n't really find a version i liked on youtube but here 's the best i found . 
  that 's because these companies comply with tax . 
  they just have low tax rates especially corporate tax and good tax credits such as r & d tax credits . 
  this help to attract multinationals into the country which in my opinion works . 
  it not up to us to increase our taxes so other countries can compete if you want these companies you need to lower your taxes . 
  ya i know we may be safe but its a chance we just do n't want to take especially considering there will only be three of us with my self and my sister only being 16 and 14 respectively . 
  ya its not just terrorism we are worried about its just general hostility . 
  we really do want to visit istanbul though . 
  the one thing that really decided it for us was the bombing recently in istanbul we had been checking accommodation that day in turkey . 
  having had to decide between both counties for our holiday during the school midterm we chose greece over turkey because the threat of terrorist attacks in turkey in our opinion in too high . 
  on the other hand we know that greece will be safe as we plan to travel to one of the islands which i have heard have faired better than the main land . 
  i also have had family members visit the same are we plan to only last week and they said it was great and there were no issues . 
  ya we have very low forestry . 
  it probably would be higher if the british had n't cut down all our forests for wood and to plant them . 
  i 've been doing it for four years in school and i thought i 'd gotten fairly ok at it then . 
  this summer i never used it and no i 've completely forgotten it . 
  for the leaving cert ( state exam ) we have to do an oral though so i should be nearly fluent by then . 
  this list should really take into account upvotes as the language may only be mentioned once but have more upvotes that a language with 10 mentions . 
  this is my main reason for learning french . 
  although i 'm not doing a very good job of it . 
  ya that 's basically all i know besides the fact that all the wars have been due to religious differences ie christians and muslims and then sunni 's and shi'as . 
  my father also fought their as a un peace keeper and he said he was a great experience and any locals he dealt with were friendly . 
  any time i 've been in france we always have galettes there amazing especially with a fried eggs and some ham . 
  i do n't like cheese so i do n't have any . 
  depending on where you are in france you may not find them though, 
  yep as has already been said i believe that 's ours and its also knows as penny 's here in ireland . 
  that annoys me so much considering how much we actually helped the allies . 
  allowing you to use the air corridor etc. 
  i agree they never should have been pardoned they abandoned their post and this is inexcusable . 
  ireland was in a state of emergency and they were needed . 
  and your point is they choose to join to fight for something they believed in . 
  ireland is neutral if they wanted to fight they had to join a foreign army . 
  you also have to appreciate that during the emergency i ca n't imagine ireland was a very easy place to live in there was a lot of poverty . 
  they could fight and also send money back to their families . 
  it actually upsets me that people still frown upon and look down on people who join the british army during ww2 . 
  we were a neutral country and they felt the wanted to fight why should we not support them in this . 
  unless they left a post in the irish army that is . 
  i 'm sorry i 'm seem to have mixed it up with another documentary i saw on rt\u00c9 our state broadcaster however i ca n't seem to remember or find a name for it if someone could help i 'd really appreciate it . 
  we still have one and two cent coins in ireland but they are planning on getting rid of them as far as i remember . 
  they did a trial recently on it i 'll try and find a link . 
  there usually very different . 
  the guinness ads are usually like this which everyone likes . 
  https://youtu.be/0vxjh6kji8e https://youtu.be/2bpgmktob4y https://youtu.be/cynwksuchau i assume they use ads like this to create a connection with guinness and having fun from a young age . 
  other companies usually have different ads there your usual people having fun drinking nothing out of the ordinary . 
  you ca n't just go taking rifles and other weapons on planes just because we 're marines . 
  there are rules and regulations that have to be followed . 
  you 'll get there soon . 
  but you really do need major reforms of your tax system before its going to happen . 
  only of its 110 % so i have a few bob to get some new furniture maybe a new kitchen . 
  wages are rising there 's talk that the minimum wage will be increased by $ 0.50 in the next budget . 
  the cost of living is expensive though and a lot of people have mortgages that are way too big for them and were never affordable . 
  hopefully we 've learned from our mistakes but sadly i do n't think we have . 
  ya but we 've managed to cut the numbers of smokers hugely in recent years . 
  ya the stats in the ops post are 8 years old . 
  i actually think in ireland were doing a great job to stop smoking . 
  first with the smoking ban and one of the first with the plain packaging laws . 
  good to see that ireland only got 15 however i still do n't think it 's good enough especially considering that the majority of the private media is owned by one crooked business man denis o'brien who has no problems threatening to sue anyone to writes anything wrong about him and we say this late last year when he was sending cease and desist letters over an article on a satirical website . 
  the purchasing of sex however has recently been made illegal in ireland . 
  i think our laws are a bit backwards especially this new one and i would support the regulation of the industry and taxing it . 
  as other posters have being saying it was quite common in a lot of cultures . 
  in ireland teachers used to beat students if they used their left hands to force them to be right handed . 
  using your left hand was considered to be using the hand of the devil . 
  i always assumed that all tricolours had a meaning behind them like ours does is this not the case ? 
  well i am personally pro water charges and i think they are a necessary charge . 
  so that argument does n't really wash with me . 
  that 's not whats happening in ireland companies are choosing to use ireland as a tax haven but also choosing to use it as a base for their european offices . 
  we are also something like the number one country in the world for american foreign direct investment . 
  they are coming to ireland for because we are more than a tax haven and other countries need to accept this . 
  i 'll assume your not irish then ? 
  the levels of inflation are good and back to 2007 levels as far as i understand however a lot of people are n't feeling the recovery as the building industry which was responsible for most of the celtic tiger vote is no where near pre 07 levels . 
  this means your employment and growth is heavily concentrated in your cities . 
  fine gael also ran a very poor campaign which lost them a lot of votes . 
  i know some people were annoyed with their signs that said `` keep the recovery going '' when these people had n't felt a recovery . 
  ireland does not rely on being a tax haven . 
  we have a low corporate tax rate . 
  also companies could use use as a tax haven without investing here . 
  for example the company apple use to pay taxes here in ireland is a separate private limited company that has zero employees but yet they still choose to base their european headquarters here . 
  i think he means that the eu close all boarders and countries stop making announcements say that refugees are welcome .
