  well when 41.4 % of the irish people claimed to speak irish in the last census so i do n't see why it would n't be shown to represent the entire island . 
  ya i noticed this on one of these maps before irish is our national language and is spoken throughout the island and so should be represented as such . 
  as an irish person who 's learning french in school and was born in 1999 this is really annoying as you always get asked it in the oral exam . 
  this is actually something that makes me almost proud as an irish speaker when i see that people are still sticking to the same irish spellings and not trying to simplify them down . 
  also i 've never seen orla spelled like that only orla/orlaith . 
  i think the picture of the sign being taken down from anglos headquarters is another image that shows the end of an era and a fairly important time in irish history and politics . 
  the ground floor of the building is also now a starbucks which i ca n't help but find funny considering anglo was one of if not the biggest commercial bank in ireland at one point . 
  ya but the problem is independents have no power unless they are willing to work together which would mean they 'd have to form a party . 
  otherwise all there doing to basically collecting a wage and everyone 's just ignoring them . 
  i 've had someone come up to me before and ask me if i was german when i was speaking irish . 
  that 's all i 've gotten usually people just ask what were speaking . 
  i honestly do n't know what they we thinking someone must have been willing to pay more than $ 9 each . 
  i think we often do n't realise how well we are doing as a country and how good a lot of our policies actually are . 
  however although we may have certain good fiscal policies we have equally awful laws and policies for example abortion is illegal in ireland unless the pregnancy endangers the mothers life . 
  this is written into our constitution . 
  a lot of people also see the government as being extremely corrupt especially after a recent investigation by the state broadcaster that gave us gems such as this one . 
  sorry i was n't aware of that i 've edited my comment however . 
  well do n't worry about binge drinking we already have the second highest rate of binge drinking in the world so not a lot can change there . 
  yes everyone has to have at least 20 % of the house price in a deposit in order to get a mortgage . 
  edit : as pointed out bellow its only 10 % for the first $ 220,000, 
  ya must have been a big shock to the system when he actually joined and realised what they actually do . 
  yes we do we have around 9000 active duty members of the defence forces and there is usually around 500 of them partaking in un peace keeping missions . 
  we have an excellent peace keeping record with the un . 
  we even have a special forces decision who recently took part in an international sniper competition in the us and won beating the us and other countries . 
  ya students accounts are exempt in most banks to encourage students to sign up . 
  we have banking fees here in ireland . 
  some banks offer accounts that do n't have fees if you keep a certain amount in your account or have a large enough salary paid into your account every year . 
  the west of ireland is at more risk than the rest of ireland as it is heavily reliant on agriculture and there are n't a lot of jobs there . 
  young people leave to go to college in the big cities and their are no jobs for them to return to the west of so they do n't go back . 
  hopefully with the wild atlantic way we can attract more tourism to the area and redevelopment it almost providing jobs and industry for the local people . 
  this is actually one a good picture to show what 's going on but the area in question being developed has developed very well and is at almost full capacity so its an example of one of the better sets of developments that took place but is a good picture to show how crazy things got during the celtic tiger . 
  i think we 're a mix of both really . 
  for a long time we were ultra conservative so i get where people are coming from when they see us as being almost backwards . 
  i think we are becoming extremely progressive and are a very liberal country the abortion issue is something that needs to be dealt with but you need to find the right balance as it will go to a referendum we need what ever measure is proposed to pass first time otherwise we will just set the issue back for years again . 
  i also think that we are very proud of the measures we introduce and the great response the get world wide whether it was the smoking ban , bag tax , gay marriage , plain packaging laws etc they encourage us to keep going to keep reforming especially the older generations who would typically be seen as more conservative a lot of older people compared the marriage equality referendum passing and being one of the few to allow gay marriage as being like when we banned the smokes . 
  this is basically a law in every country except mostly not observed by the public only the armed forces and guards usually . 
  here in ireland there 's actually a little booklet called an bhratach n\u00e1isi\u00fanta ( the national flag ) that lays out the rules for the flag its available online and from the government printers . 
  i assume most countries have the same . 
  there just to mark the edge of the road if they had been . 
  they would make the edge of the road and start of the hard shoulder if there was one present also . 
  broken lines mean that overtaking is allowed when safe to do so where as a solid white line means you ca n't over take . 
  yes we do have a low corporate tax rate that in my opinion has been successful in helping attract multinational to set up in ireland apple , facebook , google , airbnb and more have set up headquarters here . 
  we have now introduced a new rate in the most recent budget yes for a knowledge box for intellectual property which will encourage companies to carry out r&d here hopefully as far as i understand . 
  this is not allowing companies to avoid paying taxes its just giving them a lower rate for ip, 
  the irish tax laws are changing to close the loopholes in response to pressure from the eu and us . 
  this is n't going to change anything however they 'll just find more loopholes they do n't want to pay money that they do n't need to so they 'll find the new loopholes fairly quickly . 
  no it 's completely different i have no problem with the fact my internet will be slower in the country and that i wo n't have fibre . 
  i have now problem that i will have to pay more . 
  the problem is i should not have to pay to have my internet use not be throttled and sent to the slow lanes and neither should people in the city especially if the isp is or has received money from the government under rural broadband schemes etc. 
  it should n't matter where i live i should have be able to access an internet that is free for all and not controlled it should be free and fair and not discriminate based on what content you want access whether i live in the city or country it should be the same . 
  having gone back to reply to all the meps who actually replied to me following the results today it appears the one of them believed the amendments which were sadly rejected would weaken net neutrality which is a shame and disgusting to see the power of lobbyists have and its fair to say i will not be voting for her again and will do everything in my power to ensure she does n't keep her seat should she choose to run again in the next election . 
  ya sure if eircom start acting up i 'll hope over to vodafone the only other isp who 's available in my area . 
  others have the luxury of moving to virgin . 
  but guess what they have horizon catch up that 's probably in the fast lane , or they could go to sky guess what they have an online catch up service sky go guess that 's also in the fast lane . 
  see you do n't have a lot of options so this makes it even more of a problem . 
  normally they get published by the eu themselves as far as i know . i 'm sire giving the seriousness and popularity of the issue a news website will post it or link it . 
  i 'm still shocked and applaud by the way the vote turned out . 
  especially considering all the irish meps who i contacted said they would be voting for net neutrality and so would there colleagues . 
  as someone in ireland where we already have isps who have ip tv services and internet catch up on demand services this worries me that the services i use may be sent to the `` slow lane '' also we do n't have a great history with the internet and censoring of domains such as torrent sites and websites through defamation claims by people such as dennis o'brien . 
  is there a list of who voted which way available yet ? 
  sadly i believe i may have been a bit early in posting it appears the proposals which saved net neutrality were not adopted and the bill will be adopted in its original form . 
  we 'll have to wait to be sure however . 
  i think this is a disgrace however you have to see where the garda\u00ed ( police ) are coming from . 
  they had received a number of reports from the public about this young girl being completely different from her parents . 
  now i do n't see what was going on that made this people complain . 
  there had also recently been a case where a girl was found with gypsy parents and she was n't theres and had had blonde hair which the garda\u00ed may would have known about . 
  i believe they over reacted but they did have the best interests of the girl at heart even if they did n't go about it correctly . 
  ya i 've heard the winter school in great fun although i do n't got to tasis myself . 
  the uk schools is slightly different as far as i know and the swiss tasis is considered the be the `` party '' school and less strict and more fun . 
  your actually not the first person i 've heard saying that most people in tasis do n't have enough money to back up their arrogance and superiority complex . 
  did you go to le rosey yourself ? 
  you do know there are a number of international schools in the uk that teach the international us curriculum that you talk about . 
  one of them i know for certain is a branch of one of the schools in switzerland so i do n't see why you do n't send your son to one of those . 
  i actually think the cao works well for whats therefore as it means the people who have worked and have to ability to do the course will get in most of the time however yes it can be a competition . 
  however i think it 's far better than having to write essays etc in places such as the us where the whole process seems more about your life than whether you want to and are able to do the course . 
  i also do n't see a problem with the catholic church patronage in schools as in a lot of cases they are providing money to the schools where they are underfunded . 
  also replacing them with educate together schools is not the same as a school not discriminating on religious grounds etc as their ethos is very different and something a lot of people do n't agree with . 
  i also think they are quite stuck up and full of themselves and expect the church to had them schools that the church has been funding for years and refusing offers of other building which the church will give them for free to use as schools as its not the building they wanted . 
  i think our education system here is actually quite good . 
  some things need improving such as class sizes and infrastructure but its happening . 
  more teachers were promised in the budget and schools have been getting renovations and extensions in the last number of years where i am anyway . 
  i think we need to change some stuff however and remove the focus on wrote learning however but i do n't think the new junior cert is the way to go with this . 
  we do however need big investment in our third level education we have too many courses at undergraduate level and institutes of technology and universities are under funded . 
  i still do n't see how this makes it any better . 
  how is someone supposed to make good decisions when they still can only see it for 2 hours at a time and ca n't take notes or copys . 
  which is insane given how incredibly complicated these types of agreements are . 
  where as i understand government officials in the us have almost unlimited access to it . 
  ya they may not be able to take copies or notes but they are n't being guarded in secure rooms for two hours trying to read something . 
  piggybacking on this . 
  but i 'd probably say this its not a music video but i think you 'll understand . 
  i do n't know what weather forecast your watching but they always show weather forecast for northern ireland in the rte weather forecast . 
  they 're not tourists though they 're lithuanians who are living and working in the uk and come home to visit . 
  some of them probably have a new money entitlement about themselves which the newspaper is saying will be gone this time around . 
  it 's ok brexit will make the housing crisis in dublin more expensive and worse but only for lower income earners . 
  if we get the high income earners form the financial and tech sectors which is what we want they 'll just out bit everyone , they 'll have plenty of cash from selling property in london and will have no problems getting credit of they need it . 
  this is why we need to spread fdi and multinationals around the country . 
  if you have the qualifications you 'll probably get the job no problem . 
  but you do need to be highly qualified . 
  at the moment we have a shortage of people with good foreign language skills and the big multinationals do get work visas for employees outside the eu if needed . 
  oh but galway does have the ridiculous prices like dublin in some parts and i can only see it getting worse .
