did n't i read this same article , but about france some time back in july or so ? 
  something about marine le pen and her anti-sanction stance ? 
  poor polan . . 
  someone played too much red alert, 
  the current sanctions are limited , and are mostly for show . 
  i would n't consider this economic war serious until the russia cuts off the natural gas supply to continental europe . 
  now that would hurt ( both sides ) their government has very little debt , lots of gold , foreign currency , and control of huge amounts of land + natural resources . 
  do n't underestimate russia 's ability to insulate itself from the western economy with china 's cooperation . 
  their friendship is mutually beneficial for now . 
  ny times has become the american equivalent of rt , or xinhua . 
  the garbage they 've been spewing re . 
  the ukraine civil war reeks of an agenda no wonder their valuation is down 70 % in the last 10 years despite the huge boom in the us stock market, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  of course i am referring to states rights here . 
  i really do n't see how this would work in the eurozone at this time . 
  after the monetary union strengthens a bit , they can start taking steps to integrate politically . 
  but it 's going to be a gradual process ... 
  the problem with creating a super powerful federal government is that they 'd be able to bully smaller branches of government into supporting legislation that would benefit those at the top of the pyramid ( and sitting in seats of power in the federal gov ` t ) . 
  too much power concentrated at the top and you 'd end up with an oligarchy like russia 's , or ( dare i say it ) ` murica 's . 
  berlin would basically become europe 's washington , or moscow . 
  does n't sound like something europe needs right now , and i 'm sure scandinavians in particular would hate the idea . 
  there are supposedly us satellite images that could ( hopefully ) provide a definitive answer , but they have n't been released yet . 
  makes you wonder , does n't it ? 
  i think you should invest in one of these http://www.averagemarrieddad.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/jump-to-conclusions-mat.jpg, 
  we do n't have a good way to verify whether any of ukraine 's pieces of `` evidence '' are real or not . 
  this one is especially stupid, 
  i do n't know what makes you think that the nyt has the ability to verify whether or not those were real pro-russia ukranian rebels , but they really do n't . 
  they do have the power to regurgitate what ukraine is officially putting out there , which really does n't help us get any closer to the truth, 
  there is no `` obvious truth '' here . 
  just do n't believe everything you 're told . 
  us media outlets are using this horrific event as an automatic anti-russia event . 
  the reality is that this mass murder remains unsolved, 
  your tinfoil theory is also my tinfoil theory , but people really seem to hate this possibility being brought up . 
  putin is just such a classic bad guy that it seems natural to pin it all on his master plan for eastern european domination, 
  oh , it is from kiev ? 
  nvm - that 's the most impartial source i can imagine for information like this, 
  i love how impartial people are being about this , ignoring the idea that kiev is the only one that benefits from this renewed attention on the civil war . 
  they are losing . 
  do you really think ukraine 's government would not kill civilians to save its own skin ? 
  not exactly , this plane was off course, 
  i really would n't trust any `` evidence '' being put out by ukraine either . 
  this video could be a total hoax , so do n't get too excited . 
  but since many people consider youtube videos as `` indisputable evidence '' these days , looks like a trade ( or proxy ) war is inevitable, 
  kiev had more incentive to pull something like this than moscow look at your knee-jerk reaction , consider the [ lack of ] hard evidence , and then revisit the topic, 
  i 'd like to see what russia releases regarding the black box that they supposedly have from the flight before i start another round of speculation . 
  there is conflicting evidence here , and i 'm not going to base anything on some twitter post http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2014-07-17/was-flight-mh-17-diverted-over-restricted-airspace the timing of this tragic event is extremely convenient for the us , too . 
  just a few dozen hours after russia and the other brics make a bold move to attack the dominance of the us dollar, 
  us i can believe - eu not so much destabilizing governments is kinda our thing, 
  yeah , no way could russia compete with an entire eu arms buildup . 
  but it 'd probably wreck both the euro and the russian economy . 
  ez only alive due to quantitative easing . 
  lose/lose situation overall , really hope it does n't come to that, 
  us government is mostly afraid of china due to financial stuff . 
  russia has already dumped quite a bit of us debt , and china is holding enough to crash the system . 
  i have n't looked at bank of england stats , but i assume china is n't holding y' all by the balls . 
  militarily speaking , usa would currently be capable of handling both russia and china imo . 
  may not be the case in 10 years though . 
  they actually have more financial leverage over the us if you think about it . 
  russia is relatively self sufficient with its huge oil/gas reserves , and the country has n't been burning trillions in cash on military spending and inefficient domestic policy throughout the last few decades . 
  russia owes very little in debt , and it is holding a lot of wealth . 
  but either way , it looks like russia/china are trying to catch up to the us in terms of military might now . 
  arms buildup seems inevitable , and economic warfare is going strong . 
  also important part to realize is that china could dump us debt at any time . 
  this would utterly destroy confidence in us debt , which would harm our ability to fund our military . 
  japan + europe could buy it , but it 'd cause permanent damage to `` financial morale '' in the western world . 
  that hits the us especially hard , because ~ 8 % of our gdp is based on financial services . 
  when shit hits the fan , production of real goods/services is what matters . 
  after 20 years of specialization , china has become an industrial beast . 
  china would n't do a debt dump right now , but i 'm sure they enjoy having that trump card up their sleeve . 
  russia does n't have this option , which is why we are openly aggressive towards russia but only subtly aggressive towards china . 
  just follow the money !, 
  europe does not want an arms race with russia because they are broke ( i guess germany would be providing the lion 's share of the funding ) , and i 'm sure russia does n't want another cold war . 
  nobody wins in that situation . 
  theyr ' e both authoritarian states . 
  they 're both former/current communist powers . 
  they 're ethnically linked ( many asians in russia ) . 
  they both hate japan . 
  they both dislike/hate the usa . 
  they 're both looking to expand sphere in influence in opposite directions . 
  match made in heaven, 
  this is also a great way to attack the us dollar . 
  this damages ` murica 's ability to sell more debt to cover superfluous spending, 
  when was this 2 % of gdp threshold made up ? 
  the us and russia were very close during the cuban missile crisis . 
  it can happen under the right circumstance i really recommend watching a documentary called `` the fog of war '' which interviews our secretary of defense mcnamara during kennedy/johnson administration, 
  and despite all that buildup , it took us 9 years to tame iraq and about 10 to `` tame '' afghanistan ( with a lot of international help ) it really bothers me that the obama administration wants to escalate military tensions with an infinitely larger , smarter , and more unified enemy without any hope of gaining anything for us citizens . 
  we ca n't afford this shit !, 
  well i can say that we were definitely paranoid that we 'd lose germany to communism . 
  we assumed that losing one country to communism would mean that other countries nearby would automatically convert to communism , so i guess we treated it like one would treat a disease, 
  are they navy bases ? 
  navy bases make sense ( i guess ) since our fleet needs to refuel and stuff , but having an army/air base in germany is silly at this point . 
  i guess it was set up during the cold war ? 
  let the united states waste even more tax money on a stupid arms buildup in europe that does n't do shit for our citizens . 
  good idea , obama . 
  especially while we are trying to set up a social healthcare system ... 
  my bad , that was us . 
  but hey , we 're not gon na clean up this mess . 
  it 's not our apartment . 
  hm , sounds awfully familiar ... 
  wow , our attack dog is willing to pay for his own food now .
