  it 's like the palestine/israel problem is like a microcosm showing division throughout the world vis a vis religion , wealth , historical distrust , outside interference etc. 
  they 're using the greed and amorality of big business against us . 
  what if i told you , sometimes , they 're right ? 
  that 's not what you 're supposed to do . 
  i do n't remember hearing reports of looting in lockerbie . 
  your logic and your moral compass is really really fucked up . 
  why would they ? 
  the british isles . 
  * mis , and no need for the hyphen . 
  it 's probably better to just use plain english . 
  did you mean ' ! = ' ? 
  too soon . 
  do n't tell me what to think . 
  did n't reddit do this a while back ? 
  the blaze :  we seek to preserve and demonstrate what it means to live an authentic life with value . 
   shop products that will help you remember the way america use to be . 
  returning to a time when americans built railroads , cars , and rockets . 
  when we looked up at the stars and dreamed of adventures . 
  when we turned imagination into reality . 
  when we dreamed . 
  [ the american dream ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xudapnxc_68 ), 
  a competitive advantage comes from something other than just a trade agreement , it comes from something real , like increased efficiency . 
  if you want a healthy discussion you need to stop name calling and making false accusations , and learn the meaning of the phrases you 're using . 
  you 're confusing free trade , competitive advantage and ` rich nations club ', 
  `` competitive advantage '' = cartel, 
  it was just a general , global view . 
  it obviously is n't 100 % accurate . 
  so basically , go go usa and western europe , fuck the poor . 
  is this why the greeks made tax avoidance into a national sport ? 
  haha we beat france . 
  thread 's over for me . 
  not all scots that vote for the scottish national party want independence . 
  not all scots that do n't vote for the snp do n't want independence . 
  as i explained elsewhere , i recently got a new contract with virgin and they sent me an email to opt in . 
  i do n't think so either . 
  it 's been blown up out of all proportion by people like torrentfreak who are paranoid about being shut down . 
  this filter is a response from our government to parents complaining about children being exposed to adult material , with the parents not having the technical know-how to protect them . 
  it 's just been very poorly implemented , as is usual with attempts at internet filtering . 
  our government has also been very bad at explaining how these filters actually work , that they are nothing new and are optional , and are not meant to censor the internet for everyone . 
  they have also failed to make the public appreciate that they did not make the filters themselves , the filters have been designed and implemented separately by the isps at the government 's request . 
  i recently got a new contract with virgin , and they sent me an email with a link to opt in to the filtering . 
  as far as i 'm aware , no one is filtered by default . 
  i kind of expect this crap in / r/worldnews , but it looks like it 's leaking into here as well : /, 
  you have to enable the filter . 
  if you do n't want it then you do n't enable it . 
  if it 's a problem for you that it does n't explicitly say it 's optional , then i would guess a lot of things in life are a problem . 
  bollocks does it . 
  it 's optional . 
  yes i 'm convinced they do it deliberately , just to spite us . 
  the police say they are immensely useful . 
  uk government *, 
  lets not confuse cameron with the uk . 
  it 's not like the majority of the uk voted for him . 
  this should be in / r/unitedkingdom or maybe / r/ukpolitics , not here . 
   was behaving erratically and passed through airport security holding a 1.5 metre pipe apparently not as dangerous as a container with  100ml of fluid . 
  i for one , c what you did there . 
  the term `` at risk '' includes a range , from * almost inevitable * to * almost no risk at all * . 
  they 're both as bad as each other , and both needs the other in order to exist . 
  well , that escalated quickly . 
  do you know , i think he might be . 
  at least they did n't lose on penalties . 
  not that i 'm still bitter . 
  it 's just as well we do n't think all romanians are like you . 
  that 's a ridiculous thing to ask . 
  no one has those numbers , which is why i prefaced with `` i would say '' . 
  i do n't think it 's an unreasonable assumption to make . 
  this might be true , but i would say the benefits gained are many times slower and weaker in effect . 
  yes , freedom of movement is a two-edged sword . 
  it 's good for well qualified individuals from poorer countries , but it must be bad for those poorer countries , where , as you say , there is zero reciprocity in terms of skilled labour . 
  this must have an effect on the development of the poorer country , a fact that has not been addressed by brussels . 
  the point is the meat is n't needed , and the slaughter is traditional rather than for subsistence . 
  there is no need for an alternative . 
  we used to hang , draw and quarter enemies of the state . 
  that was part of our culture once . 
  that 's a ridiculous parallel , mate . 
  whataboutism is not a good defence of anything . 
   `` but the subsistence argument is no longer valid , this is now more entertainment than anything , an obsolete massacre , '' he said , noting that the dolphins are in any case unfit for human consumption as they contain high levels of mercury . 
  it says in the article they are inedible . 
  from here on you 're just a bickering fool . 
  again , you 're trying to think for someone else , i.e. 
  guessing , and then extrapolating far too much . 
  you 're contradicting yourself now . 
  tell that to the french . 
  were there ever any glory days ? 
  i always thought the russians had a really hard time of it throughout most , if not all of its history , one way or another . 
  i think you 're reading too much into it . 
  `` are they here yet ? '', 
  `` no idea ! '', 
  with the exception of deregulation , this is all what the government is doing right now . 
  do you have any clue what is happening in the uk ? 
  our current government is essentially thatcherite . 
  the spiegel is a terrible source , you might as well use the daily mail , and for every article you link to saying that thatcher was a disaster , i can link to more saying she performed a miracle . 
  so what is it about thatcherism that would make it irrelevant today ? 
  edit : so you downvote a perfectly reasonable question because you do n't have an answer ? 
  so brave . 
  she was elected for three terms , she is admired and reviled in equal measure by both informed intellectuals and ignorant brainwashed idiots . 
  why not both ? 
  that sounded like something straight out of game of thrones . 
  you mean literally thatcher ? 
  there is no such thing as free security .
