  the wife beating question is another example of a loaded question . 
  that is all . 
  it is only similar in meaning in as far as it is also a loaded question . 
  i am not accusing anyone , even the eu of wife beating . 
  i have n't expressed any value judgements about the eu yet . 
  just the question itself , and how it was worded . 
  for a fair and balanced discussion , it 's very important to avoid loaded questions . 
  i ca n't see what you are referring to in the article . 
   it implies the eu has an image problem that is the definition of a loaded question . 
  it 's a bit like asking `` when did you stop beating your wife ? '', 
  bit of a loaded question . 
   one man even interrupted a reporter to hand him an oscar `` for his coverage . '' i found this hilarious . 
  the storyline in borgen is spookily similar to events in european politics right now . 
  go home phil , you 're shitfaced . 
  he does my head in ; /, 
  [ the philosopher jeremy bentham ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/panopticon ) had some interesting ideas in this area . 
  this is well known . 
  thanks for your perspective . 
   people were basically asking for american armed forces to come over . 
  that 's exactly my point . 
  i was thinking more about the relationship between russia and the us , and the fact that russia might feel that the us chiming in like this raises the ante , with the possibility of russia losing face against it 's old enemy . 
  it 's true that the polls suggest we would leave if there was a referendum tomorrow , but i think there 's a big difference between theoretical polls and an actual referendum . 
  assuming for a moment that the referendum really happens - this assumes btw that we still have a tory government after the next election , a big assumption - there would be a period of education of the public in the run-up to the vote by the politicians about what a uk exit would really mean . 
  most politicians seem , on balance , to be against the uk leaving . 
  imo when we are more up to speed about the details and the reality of an eu exit , we will vote to stay in , and rather argue from within about returning to us some of our sovereignty regarding immigration , law making , human rights , etc. 
  tl : dr i think your average uk citizen would rather alter some of the terms of our membership than actually leave . 
   u.s. secretary of state john kerry has offered new backing for ukraine 's opposition , which was angered by a government reversal that threw up possible roadblocks to the country 's stated goal of eu membership and appeared to defer considerably to relations with russia . 
  not helping at all - i really think the us should ` butt out ' on this one . 
  it 's more a question of suitability than room . 
  also the likelihood of the uk actually leaving is very small . 
  the eu is very far from offering ukraine membership . 
  what is on the table here are trade deals , nothing more for the time being . 
  an offer of membership is a long , long way down the road . 
  btw i agree with you on the too rapid expansion thing , also the eu sometimes includes states that are n't ready . 
  ... and he 's on his way out . 
  haha , 
  the whole of scandinavia is marked as one of the least corrupt regions on earth - this really is nitpicking . 
  the difference between the scores of the scandinavian countries must be well within the possible margins of error . 
  how depressingly predictable . 
  yes , it pulls off the difficult trick of being both factually correct and total bollocks at the same time  it 's satire . 
  because nigel farage speaks for all brits ? 
  britons can speak for themselves , thanks jeff . 
  jesus christ man it 's in the first paragraph . 
  i had an uncle who moved to aus in the '70s and instead of writing letters he sent us back cassette tape recordings . 
  it was amazing how quickly he picked up the accent . 
  i suppose the two accents ( english and aus ) are easy to fall into/between . 
  in the uk we have a similar phenomenon but on a smaller scale . 
  adults who move from the north to the south will slowly assimilate into the south . 
  after a while a softening of the accent , but it will never be a true southern accent . 
  but when they go back up north to visit , their old friends will tell them they sound like ' a soft southern twat ' . 
  sorry , that sounded more depressing than it should have . 
  but i thought ` iceland got it right ' ? 
   a hilario i like this , it should be a thing . 
  they obviously have no one to shout ` order ! ', 
  this is a uk paper , so it is uk - centric . 
  it does n't say that brits are the only ones affected . 
  ah i see now . 
  thanks . 
  i 'm sure being irish is very cool , i 'm just not sure why you feel the need to tell me . 
  it 's funny ` cos when americans say they 're irish it drives the irish up the wall . 
  actually , overall , not bad usa . 
  i 'm impressed . 
  so what ? 
  many yanks do n't know that the uk is made up of different countries , apart from england . 
  you 're not wrong ... 
  so you might think . 
  [ ( q ) i could n't disagree more ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o85nk1eenmy ), 
  no-one would have believed those idiots in c18 would be capable of organising that . 
  they are the israelis of europe . 
  lighten up . 
  we 're talking hypothetically about an enemy of the state , based on an article we 've just read which we do n't even know is true . 
  also , justice is a relative term , we 've murdered plenty of people as a state , without due process . 
  personally , if this had happened and i was the uk government , i 'd act all outraged in public , making all sorts of threats while privately thanking them and buying them a jolly nice bottle of bubbly . 
  whoa !, 
  you 're telling me this because ... ... ? 
  also a missile strike would be a bit over the top . 
  what were you saying about due process ? 
  sit down and concentrate on breathing for a little while , then eat a snickers , ` cos you 're turning into a right diva . 
  empiring , gardening , it 's all the same - just on a different scale . 
  say what you like about the french - but they do n't fuck about . 
  that 's really not the point . 
  now you 're just being a dick . 
  who really knows what the effect of such a statement will be ? 
  in my opinion this comes across as the usa lecturing the russians about `` prosperity and democracy '' . 
  given the history between the 2 nations how can this possibly help ? 
   the u.s. state department issued a statement saying washington `` is convinced ukraine 's integration with europe is the surest course to economic prosperity and democracy . '', 
  i do n't think the americans making statements like this is helpful at all . 
  it will only annoy the russians and make things worse . 
  the usa should stay well out . 
   as well as the threatening the imposition of a strict new customs regime , russia also ratcheted up pressure on kiev , which depends on russia for its energy supplies , over payments for gas imports . 
  * russia clicks the safety switch back to ` on ' *, 
  you 're preaching to the choir . 
  edit : downvoted for agreeing . 
  really ? 
  i think most of us ` normal citizens ' of the uk ( normal = not politicians ) have known for some time now that this ` special relationship ' is at best one sided in favour of the usa , and at worst a complete myth . 
  yes . 
  but that would detract from the legitimacy claimed by the ira . 
   ambiguos you mean ` ambiguous ' ? 
  ( if you happen to frequent / r/spelling ) glad to be able to help . 
  have a nice day ,
