  i do n't know where you got the idea that this particular so called sharia patrol was tolerated , i suppose it must fit in with some fantasy idea of what you think is going on the uk . 
  we [ jailed ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2013/dec/06/muslim-vigilantes-jailed-sharia-law-attacks-london ) them . 
   passing sentence on friday , judge rebecca poulet qc told them that while islam was a peaceful religion , their conduct was `` unfortunately anything but '' . 
   `` one of the many good things about living in great britain is the tolerance and respect members of the public generally show to one another 's religious beliefs , his dress or his chosen way of life . 
   `` when , on occasions , a person shows their intolerance of another individual , whether by aggression or violence and in such a way as to cause real fear to the individual , then the law can be invoked to protect that individual . '', 
  if i were to be \u00fcber cynical for a little while , i would think that all of this new found interest in restoring antiquities and works of art to their rightful owners was a blatant form of advertising for his new film , and nothing at all to do with the rights and wrongs involved . 
  ginger neck beard - that 's a fashion disaster right there . 
   by the time scotland has paid for its glasgow neds and edinburgh junkies there is n't enough money left . 
  should n't have said that , it 's crass . 
  otherwise i broadly agree . 
  reminds me of [ this  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=iiadhewiay8#t=48 ), 
  so you 're the arbiter of rights and wrongs now ? 
  or you just do n't like other people 's opinions ? 
  what you say is fine , but you 're ignoring the racism . 
   first a cuddle , then we send you to the salt mines classic mirror, 
  only 49 in the whole of the uk ? 
  hardly an epidemic . 
  wow . 
  such racism . 
  i do n't know what the point is really , you could go to any city in the world and take pictures like this or much worse . 
   similar attempts at ` social engineering ' have inevitably ended very badly , '' he wrote pointing to western interventions in iraq , afghanistan and libya . 
  what a ridiculous comparison , especially coming from a government that looks far from ` hands off ' in ukraine . 
  sad news . 
  this is a backwards step for slovakian society . 
  you 're confusing ` we as people ' and the media . 
  it 's just one silly article written by one gossip journo . 
  you wish . 
  always too soon . 
  the only way to avoid this is to ban search engine companies from being in a position where they can profit from the manipulation of search results, 
  i expect the russian government will be outraged by this interference from outsiders . 
   `` that mutual trust is based on respect ... but also based on protection of private life , of personal data , the fact that any individual , in spite of technological progress , can be sure he is not being spied on . '', 
  yeah , right . 
  i wonder what the real reason is for this obvious brown-nosing ? 
  did n't the public vote go almost 50/50 ? 
  ah , sweet dominion !, 
  you must spend a lot of your ' e life being at least slightly irritated in general . 
  poor you . 
  next they will be called ` terrorists ' , and then the gloves will come off . 
  you 're magnifying the significance of ethnicity too much . 
  no more than american is . 
  we are all mongrels . 
  there are racist bigots hereabouts . 
  [ yeah !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bgwjayvbrj4 ), 
  [ wololo ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3tbqdkgiqni ), 
  did they charge her extra for the ejection service ? 
  can the priest convert policemen ? 
  my wife is a nurse here in the uk and she sometimes uses it ( manuka honey ) on wounds . 
  it 's an antiseptic , and promotes healing . 
  greek mountain honey is the bees knees . 
  anyone who 's played age of kings knows that is called a trebuchet . 
  haha you spotted my deliberate mistake  now get back to making waffles you ridiculous walloon . 
  you 're a silly man , belgium does n't even have it 's own language . 
  unless they 've all been granted superpowers by allah , i think they 'll need more than a few hundred to overwhelm the whole of europe . 
  way too cynical . 
  you never know , it might add a certain je ne sais quoi, 
  ` tis a silly language . 
  why say ` over here ' ? 
  ` pissed off ' = british pissed = american, 
  oh sorry i thought you were british . 
  you 're fucking joking . 
  the average joe is pissed ? 
  could you be any more american ? 
  ok , i think we 've gone as far as we can with this , thanks for your time , and good luck  it 's not me downvoting you btw . 
  without getting too far into semantics , in this case , you do n't have any way of knowing for a fact what cameron 's motives were for signing the edinburgh agreement . 
  i do n't think there is any previous behaviour by cameron that could possibly have any relevance when trying to fathom his motives in doing this . 
  perhaps he believes in democracy . 
  it is , after all , his life 's work . 
  maybe he saw that when the scottish people voted the snp into power that giving the scottish people a vote on the snps main platform - independence - was the only decent thing to do ? 
  is that really so far fetched ? 
   but i doubt he did out of the kindness of his heart , or out of some sense of moral right . 
  he did it presumably for quite machiavellian reasons you 've made it quite clear how prejudiced you are . 
  there are other assumptions you could have made , but you chose this . 
  in the current climate it 's impossible to claim anything good about cameron or the tories , so the question is i assume rhetorical . 
  you can presume machiavellian motives if that suits your own particular prejudice . 
  welcome to the world of the daily mail . 
  yay !, 
  freedom !, 
  he 's obviously an alien time traveller . 
  `` all those moments will be lost in time ... like tears in rain ... time to die . '', 
  yes , some of those too . 
  i know , when you look at the figures it all makes sense - there 's absolutely no correlation between murder rates and the death penalty !, 
  it 's like it has absolutely no deterrent effect at all !, 
  you 're welcome !, 
  if you want to come across as credible , you need to separate ` some of the media and some politicians ' from the whole of ` western europe ' . 
  ironical , this ` news source ' is as anti russian as the report it is criticizing is anti european . 
  countering blatant propaganda with more blatant propaganda does nothing to further any argument . 
  or . . you know , stop killing people . 
  i do n't think anyone believes a word . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/enlargement/blair-calls-eu-enlargement-2004-news-202293 ) an article i found from the relevant time , but if you google something like ` eu enlargement uk blaire ' you should find some more . 
   conceited , lying ministers really ? 
  what do you know about our ministers ? 
  shit you 've read in the daily mail ? 
    the daily mail is the second most popular newspaper in the uk you 've got me there . 
  the only thing i can say in defence is reading a paper like the daily mail is more for entertainment than education . 
  i hope . 
   the uk ? 
  nope , it 's even further away and it seems like both the people and the politicians have an aversion to europe . 
  that 's just not fair . 
  the uk was instrumental in the expansion of the eu , including eastern europe .
