  i agree with the principle of what you are saying when you say rich investors should carry the burden , but this is yet another example of why it is wrong to tie such differing countries together like this . 
  what is right for one country may not work for another . 
  germany , being the most powerful is trying to swing all countries in the euro it 's way , and it 's using it 's clout in the eu to do so . 
  the language i quoted is typical of the mentality of merkel recently , showing anger and frustration with a system that can not possibly work , but at the same time suits germany very well . 
  how dare she . 
  smaller countries will continue to have their governments undermined and their democracy eroded unless they pull out of the euro zone . 
   she also issued a clear warning : cyprus should not test the troika 's patience . 
   `` cyprus is playing with fire . '', 
   plundering the country 's retirement fund is out of the question  she left no doubt as to her frustration with nicosia 's new plan for raising $ 5.8 billion in badly needed capital . 
   merkel disapproves of the cypriot proposal , which involves bundling state assets into a `` solidarity fund '' to control the money is to control the country . 
  merkel may as well dissolve the cypriot government and move in her own ` euro emergency measures ' team to run the country the way germany wants . 
  he is a bitter and deeply hurt old man . 
  i get the feeling you are bored and want someone to argue with , 
   as a result of capitalism - well , trade and market activity to be exact - we in the west have seen a staggering rise in our wealth over the last 300 years , a rise unprecedented in history . 
  all the more reason to think that any poverty is unacceptable . 
   do you know who invented the re-hydration drink that the who says in very much responsible for the reduction in mortality among small children ? 
  the company known in the us as gatorade . 
  come on . 
  coming up with one example is easy . 
  lets not start a ` who can google the most facts that back up my argument ' war  yes , things are better now , using most methods of measurement , than probably at any time in the past . 
  that does not mean that all western values are not questionable . 
  i think capitalism is the worst thing , born of a basic selfishness . 
  we 've seen inequality rise and rise since the '70s to proportions that are to me , sickening . 
  poverty is totally avoidable and unforgivable . 
  poverty everywhere should be a thing of the past by now . 
  underpinning capitalism is the love of money , this pollutes everything . 
  we worship youth and beauty to the point where it is possible to be famous for just being famous , as opposed to actually being able to do anything outstanding or contributory . 
  we look down on most of the rest of the ( poorer ) world and either exploit them and their resources or feel we have to ` save ' them with aid . 
  sometimes both at the same time . 
  we allow large corporations to become so powerful that they will soon be able to change the weather , let alone virtually force feed us cheap food that is bad for us . 
  by ` us ' i mean the poorer people that live in western countries . 
  this is one of the first things that we export to countries that are becoming westernised . 
  we are expert at manipulating the way people think . 
  not in the orwellian dictator thought control sense , it 's much more subtle . 
  see the western media , and the psychology behind advertising . 
  i could go on but i 'm feeling a bit depressed now . 
  i 'm not trying to say that everything about western culture is bad , but you did ask for my opinion . 
  the west has done a lot of good , but it 's values are questionable . 
  oops, 
  itt everyone speaks english . 
  just saying . 
  in english . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=jmqdf-v6imw#t=36s ), 
  half of a fuck-ton is still a shitload . 
  no , it 's because the daily mail is a stinking pile of xenophobic sexist fear mongering crap . 
  there is a reason for that . 
  sounds like they 've been reading the daily mail . 
  how ironic . 
   `` in order to let people say that this failure was a victory , we let it happen . '', 
  this is one of the most french things ever said . 
  `` biology is the enemy of feminism '' simone de beauvoir, 
  this sounds like a carlsberg ad . 
  that 's really sad . 
  because maybe they are happy and just getting on with life ? 
  on the face of it - an interesting organisation . 
  very thin article . 
  it draws on a few isolated incidents and uses them to try to make us all afraid . 
  remember folks - fear is the real enemy . 
  such arrogance , turning up like that without informing the icelandic authorities . 
  if all countries demanded more respect like this perhaps the usa would fix it 's foreign policy . 
  maybe a little strong , but you do seem to be overly anti tory . 
  to accuse them of ignoring the poor is n't right , and there is definitely an aroma of anti-englishness about your posts . 
  btw - i am not a tory , i just like to see fair play , 
   domestic politics lesson : scotland is way more social-democratic than england , which is almost exclusively controlled by tories . 
  still , being conservative is no excuse for ignoring the problem that people are poor . 
  under the tories , overseas aid has gone up , and plans are afoot for even more . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.ifs.org.uk/budgets/gb2012/12chap7.pdf ) i know , facts are so much more boring than blind , bigoted hatred , are n't they ? 
  i can see the figures . 
  and i can see that as a percent by capita denmark and other countries give more . 
  but that does n't mean anything really either . 
  generally the countries giving more per capita are also richer per capita and so can give more per capita . 
  what really counts is the number of dollars given . 
  but this is my real point : it 's also interesting to see , if you look at the original data , that there are 6 countries that are in the range 34 % to 37 % when asked `` how important is it to help ... '' and answered `` very important '' . 
  the uk is one of these . 
  there are perhaps 4 or 5 other countries left and right of this group that are within a couple of percent . 
  so someone has lifted this figure for the uk out of the statistics and presented in a way that was designed to deceive . 
  who 'd have thought it ? 
  these are statistics . 
  anyone with an axe to grind can make of them pretty much what they want . 
  the uk is still giving 3x the amount in real terms . 
  when people start to generalise about a whole nation , specially from just one survey , they will almost always be wrong . 
  they will be using it as a way of reinforcing their own existing negative stereotypes . 
  bollocks, 
  look out usa !, 
  - scan any contracts for the phrase `` ever closer union '' before signing . 
  nice try , germany, 
   everything remotely civilized has latin roots lol, 
  i 'm guessing that expat implies still being of your original nationality , just living somewhere else , whereas emigration implies a change of nationality . 
   `` we have more freedom of action if we do it alone than if we go through nato procedures . 
  it would be even worse at eu level . 
  if we do it alone , it 's more efficient in military terms . '', 
  this is a metaphor for all aspects of the eu . 
  there are relative degrees of leading a life of quiet desperation ( pink floyd ^ tm - always quote your sources  ) it 's easy to forget just how shitty some places are to live in . 
  simple answer : this is a predominantly pro-european federation sub . 
  hardly a good sample . 
   ` commit wholeheartedly and stop waffling or get out ' . 
  is n't that more or less exactly what i was saying ? 
  we ( he ) can not commit wholeheartedly to a federal europe because that is not what the brits want . 
  and there is the language again - ` waffling ' . 
  cameron is n't waffling , he is raising some very important concerns about the future of europe .
