  do n't fall for the daily mail world view , and do n't make the mistake of thinking it properly represents the uk . 
  there does seem to be a few 12 year-olds around tonight , 
  i imagine it must be like being a whipping boy , but for your entire country . 
  nice, 
  i give up . 
  not cynical at all , just realistic . 
  if the outside world were to get involved in any meaningful way things could get very messy . 
  it 's not like ukraine has been militarily invaded , or that the whole of ukraine unanimously wants one thing or the other , it 's way more complicated than that . 
  if i had my way , ukraine would join the eu and would have a fully functioning democracy . 
  sadly it does n't look like that 's going to happen for a while and so we must wait for internal change . 
   just do n't make it look like we `` called it on ourselves '' or `` should have known better '' or something of the sort . 
  i do n't know where you got this idea from . 
  saying to someone that they have to sort out their own problems is not the same as saying i do n't care , and it 's not the same as saying it 's their fault . 
   but it is their job to intervene and it is their duty to do so . 
  crap . 
  the situation in ukraine is nowhere near clear enough for another country to start the kind of interference you talk about . 
   ramp up intelligence gathering/clandestine operations , apply open/implicit pressure on the `` pro-dictatorship '' hawks . 
  are you serious ? 
  so you think ukraine is a defenceless woman who needs rescuing ? 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  what do you think the west should do ? 
  so what would you suggest the western ` partners ' do ? 
  it 's not just a question of not provoking russia . 
  ukraine must sort out it 's own problems , and make it 's own decisions . 
  i understand that russia is probably having some influence here but that does n't mean we should interfere at this time as well . 
  `` it 's like two fleas arguing over who owns the dog '' - crocodile dundee, 
  do n't let the red line dictate spelling to you . 
  i do n't think ukip has the depth and breadth necessary to form a serious government . 
  farage is the only half decent politician they have as far as i can see , but even him i ca n't see as pm material . 
  scratch below the surface and the quality of the party members begins to look very poor . 
  they can be a useful noise in the background though , and they have affected the tone of the debate on the eu and immigration , with varying results . 
  you could say he 's been [ done up like a kipper ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ru2uixqa7fk#t=20 ) , tommy . 
  they 're obsessed with [ man love . 
  farage ? 
  a jerk ? 
  maybe . 
  but you have to admire him in one sense : when he stands up in the european parliament and makes a speech against its existence , he is surrounded by enemies . 
  personally i think he 's got balls of steel . 
  if you look for it , you will find it . 
  folks , buy free range eggs & chickens . 
  we 'll have to agree to disagree . 
  the british isles is a geographical description , not political and includes ireland , according to most non-irish people . 
  you can call it what you like . 
  we call it the republic of ireland merely to differentiate it from northern ireland . 
  there is absolutely no offence meant , but if you want to take offence that 's your choice entirely . 
  you 're right . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  everyone knows cameron is a racist censoring fascist dictator . 
  i am not a ukipper , but i often find myself agreeing with mr farage , and this speech is no exception . 
  some very uncomfortable truths for the greeks being mentioned there , and i absolutely agree with the ` no to federation , yes to trading bloc ' sentiment . 
   but an ** irishman ** would likely dispute this . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  the irish fought a bitter war with the english over the right to have their own country , and even today the irish identity is at least partly defined as being independent of the british . 
  you need to know this if you ever chat with an irishman who is not from northern ireland . 
  northern ireland is part of the uk , but the people who live there are divided between those who want to remain british , and those who want a united ireland . 
  the republic of ireland is a separate country . 
  it is not part of the uk . 
  the uk comprises england , scotland , wales , and northern ireland . 
  [ map ] ( http://astakoselementary.blogspot.co.uk/2010/09/british-isles-outline-map.html ) the republic of ireland is part of the british isles , but only in terms of geography , not politically . 
  tell that to an irishman . 
  once . 
   now mr cameron has ordered a delay in publication of the home office report until after the european elections in may . 
  liberal democrats and civil servants had complained that the draft was not based on evidence and was overtly political . 
   some in whitehall believe ms may 's report may never be published . 
  one official said : `` they ca n't bring themselves to publish the report before the european elections because they would have to admit that freedom of movement is a good thing . '' lets hope this is the start of a more evidence-based approach to immigration by the government , less fear and loathing , more logic and maybe even a little optimism . 
  perfect logic , 
  have you looked at his comment history ? 
  half of it 's full of stuff like that , 
  yes , i keep doing that . 
  i assume its annoying you ? 
   the churches agree . 
  children and youth should not be influenced as they search for their sexual identity , reads a joint statement released by catholic and protestant churches in baden-w\u00fcrttemberg . 
   `` functionalization , instrumentalization , ideology and indoctrination must be defended against , '' the statement reads . 
  sorry but i had to laugh at the hypocrisy of a church saying we need to be defended against indoctrination . 
  normally i like the daily mash , i value it 's fair and balanced reporting , and it 's normally unswerving adherence to it 's principles of sticking to the truth , but this article is outrageous . 
  since when has a general election been anything other than a choice between two evils ? 
  i 'm a big fan of the bbc , i 'm very proud of it , so i 'm a bit biased on this . 
  i have n't noticed anything in the way of editorials or opinion pieces from the bbc that are anything like what i 've seen from the tabloids like the mail , the mirror and the sun in terms of what i 'd call sensationalist reporting designed to whip up xenophobia . 
  the only time i 've really noticed it is in straight reporting , where they are simply quoting a politician or a pundit . 
  i could be wrong and as i say i 'm a bit biased , so if anyone has any examples i 'm all ears . 
  if it 's any consolation to romanians/bulgarians/anyone else feeling insulted reading this , our government and the media have done the same job on uk citizens that are out of work or ill , and claiming benefits . 
  i 'm sure the average brit feels thoroughly ashamed of how our government and media have handled this , and we can only apologise . 
  i hope that better relations will be possible after the next general election . 
  without vodka , is little to smile about . 
  nothing wrong with pointing out a whiny wally . 
  meta : this is what reddit will become if we are not careful . 
  deliberately missing the point of a post to detail some perceived mistake in one tiny detail of grammar/spelling/idiom / etc , the meaning of which is still clear despite the error . 
  make some pithy remark if it gets on your nerves and you really must , but do n't write a whole fucking wall of text about it . 
  you 're wrong in any case . 
  i hope they 'll be very happy together . 
  sometimes it 's all about the way you say it . 
  this is a classic case of `` you 're not wrong , you 're just an asshole '' . 
  i 'm shocked . 
  ignore him . 
  ... and so is perfect for reddit . 
  [ yes , size does matter ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihjqp-q1y1s ), 
  [ damn . 
  ] ( http://www.sandalandsoxer.co.uk/vic%20newquay.jpg ), 
  you 're waaaay out of date with your stereotypes , dude . 
  i vote we put bricktop in charge of [ retribution ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=wcg3jrif05w#t=171 ),
