  this is turning into an eastern european version of ` allo ` allo . 
  studies based on fact like this one , will unfortunately always be overshadowed by sensationalist reporting in the tabloids on the inane tripe spouted by some well known politician , pundit or celebrity . 
  look near the top of the page , is it asking permission to use your location ? 
  sometimes bringing something up to the light for close inspection is better than burying it . 
  yeah fuck what people want . 
  everyone will be happier if russia gets it 's way . 
  i think the irish one should be [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rg0qkaaltce ), 
  that 's only one !, 
  where will * you * be when the acid kicks in ? 
  i think i do , but you obviously did n't read the article . 
  oh , the irony , 
  but would n't the tank just go straight through the wall , hardly slowing ? 
   only two members were in prison , and they served less than 2 years . 
  you think this is generous ? 
  asshole ? 
  somebody [ raised an is flag in the uk ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/aug/07/flag-isis-jihadi-islamic-state-flown-poplar-east-london ) recently . 
  the idea of sending whoever raised it to prison would be a ridiculous idea to most brits . 
  it just would n't happen . 
  [ this guy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/michael_fagan_incident ) broke into buckingham palace , and made his way to the queen 's bedroom and spoke to her before he was apprehended . 
  he spent 6 months in a psychiatric hospital and was then released . 
  at the time the staff there [ gave him a drink of whiskey ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/queen-elizabeth-ii/9091612/buckingham-palace-intruder-michael-fagan-given-whisky-by-queens-staff.html ) because ` he looked like he needed one ' . 
  no , it suggested that i thought that putting someone in prison for this was unacceptable . 
  my country 's government is capable of doing things that are unacceptable to me . 
  not everything that is said has to be said from a base of defending your own country , or your own government . 
  but we are digressing from the original point ( as is usual for reddit ) which is that russia can be particularly punitive towards this kind of expression of dissent . 
  see pussy riot for an example . 
  yes . 
  i did n't say that at all . 
  you 've made something up in your own head , attributed it to me , and then answered your own question yourself . 
  you think that makes it ok ? 
  * putin 's, 
  i 'm sure that 's a genuine account . 
  that was a while ago , hard to see the relevance here . 
  who ? 
  seriously , who puts people in prison for painting a star ? 
  i thought it was building the system on behalf of the eu - but you 're saying the eu has nothing to do with it ? 
  the esa would have built it anyway ? 
  good stuff . 
  one of the good things to come out of the eu . 
  you 'd have thought what you just said would be a given , but some people have some weird , twisted ideas . 
  specially when comparing things and conducting arguments using ` whataboutisms ', 
  i wish they 'd protest against the atrocities being committed by jihadis as much as they protest against israel . 
  what israel is doing is wrong imo , but it 's not in the same league as isis for sheer numbers and brutality . 
  yeah but english is the lingua franca round here , frenchie . 
   ukip , and other far-right parties lol . 
  i was expecting some cossacks to be there giving her a thrashing . 
  the problem in london has been exacerbated by the treatment of property there as an investment , rather than just bricks and mortar , shops and homes . 
  this has skewed the market . 
  you can not compare them . 
  apart from everything else , argentina did n't even exist at the time the falklands was claimed . 
  thanks for that . 
  i was wondering if the stats also included people that were on housing benefit ? 
  they were paying reduced rent themselves , which was being topped up to market rent level by the state ? 
  we probably have a few rich people who live in london but are being quiet about it ... also there was one in / r/unitedkingdom yesterday saying that what the russians did in crimea was the same as what the brits did in the falklands . 
  apart from them , not very many . 
  if any . 
  it 's mainly making fun of him and his overt ` manliness ', 
  sorry to say , but this is a bit of a patronising thing to say about a country that , despite ongoing improvement , has such high levels of poverty . 
  true , but so can capitalism . 
  just look at the housing market in london . 
  home is home . 
  that would depend entirely on how much money you are paying . 
  the property market in london is completely nuts , as you probably know . 
  til that the uk has more social housing than market price rental housing . 
  this is a surprise to me , seeing as we have lost a lot of our social housing over the years . 
  i 'm assuming that the ` reduced rent ' housing * is * social housing . 
  i think you need to take into account the quality of the home before you announce the winners . 
  if you think that what russia is doing now is anything like what the uk did re the falklands then you 're an idiot . 
  that 's why people are downvoting you . 
  i feel you bro , we in the uk are only just starting to recover from [ this ] ( http://www.westerngazette.co.uk/yeovil-grip-cadbury-s-creme-egg-crisis/story-20960035-detail/story.html ), 
  no we do n't . 
  it does n't have to be a value judgement . 
  you 're weird . 
  you can not be serious man . 
  thankyaw , ah have awlways relaad on the kandness of strangers . 
   the former cold war power 's negative global image contradicts russians ' expectations that putin 's actions in ukraine would improve their country 's international reputation . 
  this had me in stitches . 
  but he used his arms . 
  which were strong . 
  i read that in a deep southern drawl . 
  relevant username . 
  this article is a bit confusing . 
  one minute it 's talking about studying an hour and a half 's drive from ` home ' , implying that 's a daily commute , the next it 's talking about moving from home to live in the town where the uni is . 
  [ there 's more in my home town ] ( http://weirdcyclelanes.co.uk/ ), 
   jailed in a shitty room and getting gang raped every ten minutes . 
  they are getting what they deserved . 
  you think they deserve this ? 
  seriously ? 
  very selfish and thoughtless . 
  a lot of people are now going to have to do a lot of work to help get them back , plus there 'll be a lot of expense . 
  but before all of this is the pain and unimaginable anxiety their loved ones must be feeling right now . 
  tell me about it . 
  i live in brighton . 
  they thought so . 
  why do you say that ? 
  so you say . 
  my wife accidentally stood in a cyclepath in berlin , this guy had to stop on his bike , and he shouted at her at the top of his voice : '' ** mein gott ** '' . 
  what made it even worse was we both burst out laughing , not sure why really , it just sounded a bit pantomime to us . 
  he was not amused . 
  it did n't stop me from enjoying my stay there though ,
