  i do n't think it is a simple case of ` us ( the uk ) and them ( the rest of the eu ) ' . 
  as i said , there are other countries that agree with cameron 's take on this and i believe they will , having been bolstered by the first very visible questioning of what what is being assumed as inevitable ( eventual federalism ) , start to raise their voices . 
  it 's as if the pro federalists have completely stopped listening to any argument that does n't end in a federal europe . 
  they are obviously afraid of the debate . 
  as for being selfish , do you really think that any member state in the eu would agree to something that damages it 's own interests ? 
  the economic plight within europe is serious and needs to be addressed , but to make it the overriding factor when discussing the erosion of democracy is a mistake . 
  time will tell - we live in interesting times , 
   of course , the eu ca n't make any concessions that would be meaningful in terms of cameron 's suggested renegotiation i think this is assuming too much . 
  there are other countries that may well get fully on board with the uk as these discussions progress over the next couple of years , and we * could possibly * see some fundamental changes in direction . 
  just the tip, 
  what he is saying is important for the future of europe . 
  i do n't think it is solely because of his backbenchers - that 's way too simplistic . 
  the questions he is asking need to be asked - and from what i can see the majority of us brits agree and a surprising amount of other countries are looking on and quietly cheering . 
  he is saying something some of them would like to say but do n't for fear of seeming ` selfish ' or ` anti-european ' or whatever other labels can be dreamed up by those who do n't want a proper discussion on the future of europe . 
  to boil it down to language such as ' a la carte ' or ` cherry picking ' or ` red carpet out of europe ' infers that others are trying to blackmail those who do n't agree with the way things are heading in europe down to a simple choice of ` either accept all we say or get out ' . 
  so who is being unreasonable ? 
  or selfish ? 
  or bloody stupid ? 
  too much headline space is being given to politicians who want to oversimplify this issue - and europe does not belong to just the germans and the french . 
  sadly so , so true . 
  if you live in a relatively liberal society it 's very easy to forget just how caveman a lot of the world is . 
  even some of our closest neighbours in europe still harbour ignorant attitudes towards race and sexuality from within their societies . . 
  it 's scary . 
  i see it . 
  good job . 
  and yes , very worthy bestof material . 
  someone please put this in / r bestof ? 
  i 'm not sure how . 
  it 's a bloody obvious statement . 
  moving on ... 
  you mean future facts ? 
  ca n't really help you there . 
  try looking somewhere else , some place where the future is known , maybe the future , where everyone has 20/20 hindsight . 
  have you ever been ? 
  i do n't care what they say , i 'm still furious . 
  about everything . 
  i 'm convinced that no one really understand world economics . 
  any success on an international scale is brought about by luck and/or favourable conditions . 
  this is spiegel . 
  think the sun or the mirror , or the mail maybe . 
  you get the picture . 
  just a discussion on self determination , not using language like ` red carpet ' . 
  that 's for the playground . 
  grow up . 
  this is bullshit, 
  monty python did not exaggerate when portraying the french having a hissy fit . 
  i was talking mainly about outdoor events i.e the odd friendly farmer letting us use a field , but yeah - only fools and horses take ketamine , 
  not massive , but i was going to free outdoor parties in the south uk countryside up till 5 years ago . 
  i 'm pretty sure they 're still happening if you seek them out ( in the summer ofc ) . 
  russia says lots of things . 
  your love 's put me on the top of the world, 
  til : that 's a new one on me . 
  maybe because i 've only ever seen nhs hospitals . 
  it was a question , but with an obvious reply , 
  germany has faith hospitals ? 
  and the only explanation i can find, 
  i suppose if a company is determined to discriminate then they will . 
  the good thing about anonymising cvs is that it takes out some of the arbitrary decision making when weeding them out , which works when it comes to say , ethnicity , but there 's no hiding how old a person is . 
  as you say it will be obvious from the experience ( unless they started late ) . 
  trust in norway  trust in russia ? 
  a friend - first name pablo - was sending out dozens of cvs for work in the uk . 
  months went by , no luck . 
  he changed his first name to paul . 
  offers of interviews and offer of a job from one of these interviews within 2 weeks . 
  maybe ... . . 
  finally a balanced and credible view on the whole eu in/out thing . 
  he said all of europe 's wars were civil wars . 
  i got carried away . 
  but it is a little ironic , do n't you think ? 
  the main reason why we are discussing possible withdrawal is because we want self-determination . 
  is n't it a little too ironic ? 
  the good advice that we just ca n't take ? 
  on the contrary - here in the uk the level of social unrest and suffering brought about by high unemployment and the draconian cuts in greek public spending have been well reported . 
  that sentence hurt my brain . 
  is it true or not . 
  or do n't you think that matters ? 
  there 's no point in asking someone if they know something that is unknown . 
  everyone would have to say ` no ' and the poll would be pointless . 
  the aim of the poll was to find out if people believe . 
   will also never get over how cool it is you guys just appropriated this word . 
  '' ... english is about as pure as a cribhouse whore . 
  we do n't just borrow words ; on occasion , english has pursued other languages down alleyways to beat them unconscious and rifle their pockets for new vocabulary . '', 
  -- james d. nicoll  elefantenrennen hmmm ... 
  [ nice . 
  ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/oswehj1wv9ske/giphy.gif ), 
  it 's perfectly logical to believe that aliens exist , and i believe that germans are logical thinkers in the main . 
  i wish all the med . 
  countries would stop this senseless slaughter every year . 
  that 's in the nature of things we do n't know for sure . 
  you can not say something for sure when you are not sure , hence use of the word belief . 
  in this context it means : on balance , it is likely . 
  all true . 
  perhaps they 're just indulging themselves in a bit of ironic schadenfreude ? 
  [  ] ( http://revisitinghaven.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/colbert_popcorn_eating.gif ), 
  itt : i feel like i 've walked into a bar fight between two people , and i had no idea they disliked each other so much . 
  intellectual defenestration . 
  how are we hijacking what project , and who 's project ? 
  you made up a quote , falsely attributed it to me and then refuted it . 
  this is quite funny . 
   it seems like such a big step backwards ... to some , it 's a step back from an abyss .
