  you 're just jealous . 
  i like you . 
  [ stop it all of you !, 
  ] ( http://pctrs.network.hu/clubpicture/1/1/5/9/_/christine_lagarde_beint_1159117_5306_n.jpg ), 
  i think it 's a cultural thing . 
  much like the japanese and the whales . 
  in many of the mediterranean countries people shoot migrating birds in the hundred of millions . 
  [ pdf ] ( http://www.birdlife.org/action/change/sustainable_hunting/paoc_sheet_en.pdf ), 
  [ in lebanon too ] ( http://www.wildlifeextra.com/go/news/lebanon-bird-hunt.html#cr ) probably still happening in [ france ] ( http://www.komitee.de/en/actions-and-projects/france/bird-hunting ) as well . 
  edit : [ spain as well ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2011/nov/04/birds-migrating-spain-killed-hunters ) and [ italy ] ( http://www.nature.com/news/poachers-gun-down-iconic-ibis-1.11621 ) shit . 
  they must be getting sloppy, 
  you know they 're up to mischief when they go really quiet . 
  itt : finally , some basic humanity . 
  is it better ? 
  do you know this for a fact ? 
  i ask this because i do n't think it can be fixed . 
  there are 17 of everything because for the foreseeable future , one size does not fit all . 
  that 's 17 different cats that the eu is trying to herd . 
  not a perfect analogy but you know what i mean . 
  maybe there are a handful of nations , if that , from within the eurozone where it might work , but no more . 
  the eu was , in my opinion , trying to move far too fast when it accepted the majority of the countries into the euro . 
  stretching and breaking it 's own rules in order to fulfil some ideal . 
  i think the politicians involved have forgotten the scale of things . 
  they think that a nation can change and evolve within a person 's lifetime . 
  they have rushed something that should have taken far longer because they are thinking in terms of their own lifetime , perhaps . 
  maybe they want to actually see the results of their own legacy before they pass on . 
  fortunately , i 'm not a politician or an economist so i do n't really know in any great detail what the practicalities would be to bring about this undeniably complex thing . 
  i imagine we 're in the same boat . 
  i 'm sure that breaking up the euro would mean a lot of things . 
  that is not a reason to not consider doing it . 
  i do know what can be done can be undone with enough will , i 'm sure it would be possible to find a way to do it without the sky falling . 
  before the euro was started there were plenty of people around saying that it would not work . 
  i think it 's time to start thinking that maybe they were right , and start to untangle this disastrous web of economic entanglement . 
   `` germany is focused on national interests much more than eu interests , '' so is every member state . 
  that is obvious , well known and one of the fundamental problems with trying to tie different countries with different cultures and economies together . 
  break up the euro . 
  promote the free market as the goal of the eu . 
  give control back to eu states , and their own currency , stop rewarding failure . 
  do n't do it . 
  ze germans are not amused . 
  a bit of a stretch , but nice try . 
  at least they ca n't blame the brits for this one . 
  i think . 
  well , looks like he 's off to a good start . 
  bless you . 
  thanks . 
  makes more sense now . 
  well , it might help if you explained it . 
  austria , jews , innocence - does n't sound like the ingredients for a good joke to me , but please , tell me why it 's funny . 
  this humour sounds strange to me . 
  please elaborate . 
  ah - so a nationality defines what kind of person you are ? 
  care to elaborate ? 
  europe - post daleks . 
   translation of 118,000 pages of eu laws into its native tongue ( some 50,000 pages are left to go ) . 
  holy mother of god, 
  next to him i guess everyone 's a saint , 
   physical realities what tosh, 
  on the contrary , morale is very important . 
  i do n't think that you can make too many comparisons between boris and silvio . 
  boris is not a corrupt piece of shit , for example . 
  you thought that was bad ? 
  i thought cameron came over really well . 
  he 's not perfect , but he 's no berlusconi . 
  he 's the only visible politician who is capable of , and willing to inject a bit of optimism and ` feel good ' into uk politics . 
  the value of this should not be underestimated , god knows we need a break from the constant talk of cuts and gloom and despair . 
  we know things are bad , but we also need to hear some positivity about the future . 
  most of what eddie mair said was fair with the exception , imo of the `` nasty piece of work '' comment , but the interview certainly did n't do any good for boris . 
  for the first time it looked like he was squirming during an interview . 
  has it killed his chances ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  he is a tough cookie , and far stranger things have happened in politics than boris becoming pm . 
  the most sensible course of action in a shitty situation , which should never have happened . 
  and next comes the austerity measures . 
  this is where the real pain starts for the cypriot tax payers . 
  not painless at all . 
  i 'm not an economist . 
  it seems no one , not even economists know . 
  i have said no such thing . 
  do n't be silly, 
  i 'm not legitimizing anything but my own point of view . 
  do n't put words into my mouth . 
  germany and the eu knew what cyprus was before it joined the euro , nothing about cyprus has changed very much . 
  the fundamental problem is that europe was far too keen on letting everyone join the euro . 
  even going so far as to ignore/bend it 's own rules regarding the suitability of nations . 
  but they were the good times and nobody thought they would end . 
  well they did . 
  and how galling to say ` trying to help you ' , which actually means ` controlling you ' germany and the rest of the eurozone knew that greece , italy , spain , portugal , ireland and now cyprus were not suitable for the eurozone , but because times were good and they wanted it politically , they were allowed in . 
  the good times rolled , and everyone bought a mercedes benz . 
  now that times are not so good , and it 's all blown up in their faces , they are shitting themselves because they gambled and lost . 
  if you lend someone a shit load of money when all the signs say they wo n't be able to pay it back , well the lender has to bear some of the blame . 
  i would never stoop so low as to use the 'n' word in an argument . 
  if what i 'm trying to say about the dangers of trying to tie differing countries with differing cultures and economies too closely together , and the dangers of loss of self determination through external economic control is lost on you , then i do n't think we have much common ground on which to continue . 
  i 'm certainly not going to start reducing such a complicated problem down to `` either blah blah or blah blah nazi '' . 
  just fucking read it . 
   but it 's not cypriot tax payers who 'll be paying for a majority of the funds and as such it 's beyond ridiculous to call it undemocratic . 
  you have a funny idea of what democracy is . 
  and so we return to my original comment . 
  whatever you think of the cypriot government it is still the cypriot government . 
  i 'm sure that germany could run the place much better , but that 's really besides the point .
