  i know that nato wants everyone to spend at least 2 % of gdp , and there was an agreement , but i 'm not aware of any hard eu rules regarding this . 
  until there is an eu-wide military , no eu country has the right to talk like this . 
  the amount of spending allocated to its military is a question for each individual country , based on its self-perception of its place in the world , its history , its sovereign defence needs as well as its commitment to its potential for the projection of force internationally . 
  it does n't necessarily have anything to do with nearby countries . 
  should there be an eu-wide armed force ? 
  maybe . 
  it 's complicated . 
  hoodwinked . 
  one can live in hope ... 
  it all boils down to `` yes it is '' , `` no it is n't '' , really . 
  that 's ok . 
  threat of breaking his word . 
  and i think to myself , what a wonderful world . 
  \u2611 nazi gold, 
  poppycock , english is the de facto lingua franca !, 
  what do you mean hilarious ? 
  it 's totally accurate . 
  i 'm waiting for the ` shake it all about ' referendum . 
  this map is way off . 
  you 've got that the wrong way round , old boy . 
  by me . 
  i do n't see your point . 
  that is indeed a concrete example . 
  i think you might be confusing instant and instance . 
  / u/gufcfan is n't british, 
  ol\u00e9 !, 
  nevermind . 
  i know english is n't your first language , and i respect your ability - which i lack - to speak another language . 
  but your assertion that '' ` this instance ' means nothing in this context '' is wrong in this instance . 
  as in , in this instance you 're being obtuso . 
  i do n't know what this means . 
  of sharing it . 
  britain behaving not bad in this instance . 
  spain behaving bad in this instance . 
  vis a vis hong kong we had no choice in the matter , and to argue that the two are comparable is specious . 
  i do n't think anything would prevent the spanish government behaving in the way it does wrt the border there . 
   everyone its pushing its own agenda regardless the interests of people of gibraltar this is nonsense . 
  the wishes and the interests of gibraltarians are literally the only reasons why gibraltar is not spanish . 
  i agree that the tax and duty situation should be sorted out , but i get the feeling that the spanish would find other excuses to fuck with the people trying to cross the border . 
  the spanish government should be honest , and they should be taking the lead in dealing with gibraltar like proper grown ups . 
  yes , it 's laughable . 
  yup , a more grown-up attitude from spain would be much more fruitful . 
  i think the people of gibraltar would disagree . 
  if the gibraltarians voted overwhelmingly to become spanish i do n't think the uk government would hesitate for a second to hand it over . 
  that 's what it 's about . 
  i doubt it 's anything to do with defence nowadays tbh . 
  only if you 're irish . 
   2.3 editorialising is not acceptable . 
  editorialising is simply the act of inserting an opinion into a ( submission ) title . 
  you should , in most cases , use the title on the page you are linking to . 
  typical french , stealing our ideas . 
  [ maybe , maybe not ] ( http://goscandinavia.about.com/od/scandinaviatripplanning/p/scandnordic.htm ), 
  scandinavia 101 . 
  apparently they 've been arrested . 
  like the title , your statement is factual . 
  so can they be charged ? 
  for those afflicted by the paywall : six months ago , the price of oil -- the lifeblood of the russian economy -- began to crater , and u.s.-led sanctions , implemented in the wake of russia 's annexation of crimea in ukraine , were biting . 
  russia 's currency , the ruble , buckled , and capital flight began to accelerate as rich but nervous russians moved more and more money out of the country . 
  it seemed plausible then to wonder : could vladimir putin be losing his grip ? 
  might economic pressure be enough to rein him in , or even lead to his downfall ? 
  today , the answer is becoming clear -- and it 's not the one the west was hoping for . 
  not only is putin still standing , but the russian economy , against most expectations , is recovering . 
  its stock market is one of the best performing globally this year ; the ruble , after losing nearly half its value against the dollar over the course of a year , is rebounding ; interest rates have come down from their post-sanctions peak ; the government is taking in more revenue than its own forecast expected ; and foreign exchange reserves have risen nearly $ 10 billion from their post-crisis low . 
  the lower price of oil still hurts . 
  citicorp economists estimate that every $ 10 decline in the price of brent crude shaves 2 percent from russia 's gross domestic product ( gdp ) . 
  further declines -- not out of the question , given that saudi arabia , the world 's largest and lowest-cost producer , is still pumping record amounts of crude -- will crimp growth even more . 
  but those same citicorp economists forecast that gdp , after contracting for the past 18 months , could now begin to grow at up to 3.5 percent per year , even without a recovery in crude prices . 
  try newsweek : subscription offers what explains this resilience ? 
  consider the city of cherepovets , where 300,000 people live in the northwestern area known as vologda . 
  it is dreary , gray and industrial -- almost stereotypically so . 
  the major employer in town is a steelmaker born in the soviet era . 
  in the wake of the sanctions and the plunge in the price of oil , cherepovets would be one of the more unlikely industrial cities in the world to be thriving . 
  but thriving it is . 
  in the last quarter of 2014 , the hometown steelmaker , severstal , posted its strongest profit margins in six years , on record output . 
  on april 9 , the company signed a contract to supply rolled steel to a renault-nissan auto plant , a facility that plans to increase exports from russia to the former soviet republics , the middle east and africa . 
  though better run than many russian firms , severstal is not an outlier . 
  according to data from bloomberg , some 78 percent of russian companies on the micex index showed greater revenue growth in the most recent quarter than their global peers did . 
  and russian companies on the whole are now more profitable than their peers on the msci emerging markets index . 
  what 's bailing out moscow ? 
  for the second time in two decades , russia is showing that while a sharp drop in its currency 's value does bring financial pain -- it raises prices for imports and makes any foreign debt russia or its companies have taken on that much more expensive in ruble terms -- it also eventually produces textbook economic benefits . 
  since a devaluation raises import prices , it also paves the way for what economists call `` import substitution , '' a clunky way to say that consumers switch to buying less pricey products produced at home instead of imported goods . 
  putin russian president vladimir putin ( c ) meets with students and staff while visiting the national mineral resources university ( university of mines ) in st. petersburg , january 26 , 2015 . 
  mikhail klimentyev/ria novosti/kremlin/reuters for companies such as severstal , which exports around 30 percent of its output , the benefits of devaluation are obvious : all of the costs that go into producing steel in russia -- iron ore , manganese , nickel , labor , electricity -- are priced in rubles . 
  that means the companies ' costs relative to their international competitors ' have plummeted . 
  at the same time , any steel they sell abroad is priced in either u.s. dollars or euros -- both of which have risen in value against the ruble . 
  when the companies bring those sales dollars home , they are worth far more in rubles than they were a year ago . 
  the same phenomenon applies in a big way to russia 's vast energy sector . 
  moscow exports huge amounts of oil and gas , and brings in dollars for it . 
  that 's why rosneft , a huge oil producer with close ties to putin 's kremlin , reported a revenue increase of 18 percent last year , compared with an increase of less than 1 percent for its international competitors , according to bloomberg data . 
  this is a big part of the reason why russia 's tax revenue has not fallen off a cliff , mitigating somewhat the pain of last year 's crisis . 
  russia 's oil output is still near record highs -- one of the reasons , along with continued full-tilt saudi output , that prices remain so weak . 
  the world should n't have been surprised by what has happened . 
  more or less the same thing happened in 1998 , when the asian financial crisis spread to russia and moscow both defaulted on its international debt and devalued the ruble . 
  there was an immediate negative economic shock , followed by an import substitution-led recovery that was sharper than most international economists at the time believed would occur . 
  `` this argues for an economic recovery now similar in nature , if not necessarily in magnitude , to the one after 1998 , '' says ivan tchakarov , an economist at citicorp . 
  what has changed since then , of course , is the nature of the russian government and how it is perceived in the west . 
  back then , russia was a wobbly new democracy trying to make a transition to capitalism that the developed world was desperately trying to stabilize . 
  today , less than two decades later , putin sits atop the kremlin , openly hostile to the united states with what appears to be a revanchist agenda : slowly but surely reassembling the old soviet union . 
  when oil prices crumbled last year , there was a fair bit of hope in western capitals that the pain would do what sanctions had n't yet : force a russian climbdown in ukraine , and perhaps prompt putin to turn back inward and tend to his troubles at home . 
  maybe that was wishful thinking .
