  there are other parties . 
   is it ingrained to vote ? 
  i 'd say it is . 
  we 're taught to be very communal and feel social responsibility . 
  if you say you did n't bother to vote you 'll get about the same looks as if you littered in the streets or cut in line . 
   is it because its smaller ? 
  could play some part , but i believe the main reason is that we have a proportional system with 8 political parties in the parliament . 
  might be so that it feels less alienating and that your vote matters more then . 
   easier ? 
  that too . 
  you do n't need to register to vote , that is done automatically . 
  you just get a letter home saying `` show up at this location near you on election day '' , which of course always is a sunday . 
  there also is the option to vote in advance ( starting 3 weeks before the election ) simply by dropping by selected locations ( usually libraries , city hall , etc ) . 
  that is for all age-groups combined . 
  for people aged 18-29 the turnout was 81.3 % , which is almost as impressive . 
  i suppose . 
  which , till 1997 it was i think , all people were born into by default . 
  some of these questions are a bit bogus . 
  asking about how many of the working-age women are in employment seems like a weird question , especially when not giving reference to how many of the men are employed . 
  also i highly doubt that 52 % of swedes are overweight/obese and that 73 % are religiously affiliated . 
  i 'd much like to see what datasets and definitions they use for that . 
  it was n't - it was just raised from 3 to 4 on a scale from 1 to 5 . 
  that kind of makes sense though . 
  in the academic world most goes by in english and being around such people you might feel insecure using a language you do n't have full command over . 
  that 's not to say they should n't have picked it up anyway . . 
   you do n't get cnn or bbc ? 
  no , that 's uncommon . 
   you do n't watch the same american tv-shows as people in the rest of europe ? 
  i watch swedish and american shows . 
  germans watch german and american shows . 
  greeks watch greek and american shows . 
  you get my point , no intra-european interaction . 
  also keep in mind this is only relating to entertainment . 
  when it comes to news , talk shows , debates and such you do n't get american either . 
  yeah , there 's a handful of newspapers and tv channels of which everyone takes part of at least some . 
  just like most americans would have access to and watch at least some of cnn , nbc , npr , fox or abc , for instance . 
  both in terms of information and entertainment there 's a constant exchange all over america . 
  here however , we have nothing such in common with other european countries . 
  that isolation leads to increased diversity within europe . 
   we 're not one large hive mind . 
  kind of , though . 
  the biggest player is information and media intake . 
  no matter where you are in america , you watch the same shows , read the same news , and partake in the same debates and questions of interest . 
  india for one . 
  completely different languages , culture , customs , and politics depending on where you are . 
  a significant part of germany 's population did run off halfway across the world due to the promise of free land , though . 
  [ this looks better though ] ( http://i.imgur.com/aklhmat.png ), 
  not less weird than regarding china , or even more so - india - as whole united nations . 
  i mean , india is a has different culture , languages and politics from state to state , yet is regarded very holistically . 
  media influence is the only reason you know about the american ones . 
  how do you figure that ? 
  well of course , but if we are to draw limits let 's at least draw them properly . 
  the 1 % is a such wrongfully alienating term . 
  if we instead said the top 10 % , the cumulative figure probably would be even scarier . 
  but that 's not a popular thing to say , because most people complaining about the top 1 % themselves are in the 10 % . 
  ` the one percent ' is a bad term to use in contexts like these . 
  to be in the one percent all you need to do is to be a successful doctor , engineer , or lawyer in a first world country . 
  it 's the 0.001 % that 's the problem . 
  thanks , nice catch . 
  i actually did notice that upon posting it but then forgot to change it . 
  i 've only given esperanto some 20 hours of study in the forms of [ grammar tables ] ( http://donh.best.vwh.net/esperanto/rules.html ) , the duolingo course , and a few wordlists ( memrise is great for that ) . 
  it 's remarkably easy to learn - even after such little time invested i can carry basic conversations . 
  i personally like the methods of learning duolingo offers , giving immersion and a feeling for the usage , though i think it 's best to start by reading the grammar rules ( which is a rather quick thing to do ) . 
  i believe there is some bottleneck with getting the audio tracks from a third party . 
  the expected date system is poorly automated and therefor always shows it as impending . 
   '' * our * nuclear arsenal '' - alexander iii, 
  these fucking animations . 
  it was always an industrial working-class city , of which many industries were let off in the 1970s . 
  so yeah , not great to begin with . 
   this includes officers working for all law enforcement agencies , existing or historical , in england , wales , scotland , and ** northern ireland ** , but excludes crown dependencies , colonies or other political entities subject or previously subjected to the direct control of the government of the united kingdom . 
  turkish far-right wingers . 
  according to [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_cities_in_china_by_population_and_built-up_area ) , there are 21 cities with an urban population above 5.6 m , which is denmark 's . 
  shanghai , beijing , guangzhou , chongqing , chengdu , tianjin , shenzhen , harbin , wuhan , sozhou , hangzhou , xi'an , shenyang , dongguan , nanjing , hong kong ( if you will ) , foshan , jinan , wengzhou , qingdao , quanzhou . 
  suppose that 's not much different from holland - netherlands . 
  `` russia wins in popular vote but loses to ukraine by european jury verdicts . '', 
  i can see how they 'll spin the democratic angle there . 
  leftist in the economic sense - unions and work regulation . 
  the north is very industrial . 
  identity politics are for the city socialists down south . 
  keep in mind that tax payers also pay the effects of alcohol abuse . 
  furthermore , good service is key for a system like this to work , or the black market would overtake it . 
  in sweden it 's not bad at all really . 
  the stores have large selections of all kinds of alcohol , great sorting , nicely searchable website , and helpful staff . 
  basically , you walk into a brightly lit store to find thousands of brands neatly sorted on shelves accompanied with standardized labels ( alcohol percentage , sugar content , country , taste features , what it goes with , etc ) . 
  there is staff all over the place which gladly give recommendations , and you can also order anything not in that store . 
  i ca n't speak for france , but when it comes to denmark , germany , and england i find there to be two kind of alcohol-selling stores : - supermarkets and grocery stores selling only the most common sorts . 
  - specialized liquor stores . 
  these are comparably hard to find , their layout/sorting/labeling is much worse , and the staff is little to none . 
  dark and cramped . 
  the design of monopoly in this case is to satisfy any thinkable need , but not create any new ( no product advertising , no sales , no bundle packs , fewer spontaneous purchases . 
  basically , plan ahead ) . 
   the ef epi sixth edition was calculated using test data from 950,000 test takers in 2015 . 
  the test takers were self-selected and no demographic information was collected on them . 
  the tests are used by the company for marketing and placement purposes . 
  the ` earn money ' statistic is actually a measure of ppp-adjusted gdp per capita , it is not a measure of income . 
  us households are larger . 
  it is not a measure of income . 
  it is a measure of gdp ppp , which really is n't the same thing . 
  it is not even a comparison of wages . 
  it is a comparison of gdp ppp .
