i was joking :-), 
  if you like crack-ridden hookers trying to sell you hash, 
  this was back before we got rumbled for being tax-hoorin ne'erdowells, 
  lets hope the french elections next year dont go south - we 're not as safe as you think . . 
  amazing, 
  would we be happy with that ? 
  take derry , fermanagh , armagh and tyrone and leave antrim and down ... might be an option - the border counties sure are n't gon na do well out of all this . . 
  or just fuck off out of ireland ... 
  thats only going to get worse . 
  any recent measures to make n.i more competitive for fdi will have been in vain with the brexit result ... 
  we do n't really do conventional military , if you follow me ... 
  hahahaha, 
  you 've triggered the fenian, 
  sometimes you do have to stand back , cognizant of all the regulatory / political / economic ` arguments ' , and go ; why the fuck cant they give this to people / governments ? 
  i like where your heads at lad . 
  yeah but again the majority of people on the island see ni as an artificial creation that abandoned 3 of the counties in its proprietary province to create this ` majority ' and thus a cleavage ion the island , so we do n't pay too much mind to it when referring to everyday things as our community is indeed spread throughout the island , as it always has been . 
  so that contiguous culture does n't feel the need to interrupt itself to keep those who wish to divide the island happy . 
  that 's as far as it goes for me really . 
  you misunderstood me . 
  i was observing that the 5.5 million people on this island of 6.5 million are perfectly happy to refer to it as ireland . 
  you can throw a tantrum about what your community calls it but ultimately ' i do n't care ' . 
   i do n't . 
  my family do n't , my community doesnt , my government does n't . 
  relax , i do n't care . 
  as do others . 
  i dont care what a bunch '' british '' in ireland think . 
  they can call it what they want , leave the vast majority of us get on with it without having to get into these silly squabbles . 
  haha, 
  people from dublin would say ireland . 
  we only say northern ireland when referring to something political that needs to be differentiated from the republic . 
  take the island of ireland . 
  6.5 million ppl . 
  5.5 million of those people spread throughout the island , would say ireland . 
  this is perfectly acceptable . 
  honestly its a tough one for me to call . 
  on one hand they should be paying more , simple as that . 
  on the other i hate the eu bossing us around . 
  ultimately i 'm for people not taking the piss . 
  0.05 % is taking the piss . 
  why should you get any more than vat if they are not based in france . 
  their contribution to irish gdp also has a positive impact on irish eu contribution . 
  maybe if you cunts got off your hole and worked more than 35 hours a week you could repair your own fucking roads . 
  maybe spend less time bombing arab countries and being racist for a start . 
  jesus lads give it a rest, 
  the more im reading about it the more i think ur right, 
  yeah i 've read this but this sounds like the double irish , which while available , was used by a number of companies i believe . 
  or am i missing something ? 
  i may be wrong but im not certain you 've thought this through . . you will always be buying from the corporations regional hq . 
  so regardless of where in the eu the product is sold , the fees will make it back to hq , in this case , ireland . 
  that 's the nature of intl business . 
  paying tax on profits in every country you sell into would be a mammoth of an undertaking . 
  what you 're talking about sounds more like vat . 
   that , technically , was n't available to anybody ( because illegal under ireland 's own transfer pricing rules ) , and was nevertheless signed off by ireland 's revenue . 
  so that 's the smoking gun ? 
  interesting ... have you any pointers on where to find some of the more intricate details on this ? 
  it 's gon na be one to watch for sure ... 
  this has not been proven in any court . 
  yes but to write the law restricing what you are talking about , you would end up with the example of our german friend above . 
  it 's all about precedent . 
  legality is a very complicated thing . 
  exactly, 
  cite references please ... 
  it seems their argument needs to be able to point to the availability of this structure to other companies in ireland at the time , which infers that it 's not state aid , which nullifies the eu argument . 
  remember this is not about tax systems . 
  if it was , britain , france and germany would be left very red-faced over their own domestic avoidance networks . 
  it 's a purely political move . 
  ` man, 
  there 'll be demonstrations organised im sure, 
  i know . 
  it 's depressing . 
  i 'm going to sit back and watch sinn fein and aaa eat the govt alive for this . 
  interesting , if depressing times . 
  they are elected, 
  shut up you apple and give us our fucking money . 
  are we muslims now lads ? 
  massive implications for this kind of law if you think about it, 
   but not paying taxes for it here . 
  yeah 42 % of the banking debt . 
  cheers . 
  you have just complimented my people and cursed our weather in one sentence . 
  shall we make love now or later ? 
  paint everything grey 2 . 
  arrange a network of fans around your house and switch on full power 3 . 
  have a friend gently splash water in your face ad infinitum . 
  close your eyes . 
  you are in ireland . 
  do n't be . 
  just remember us when you bucks on the continent are enjoying your sunny holidays . 
  we 'll be here on the atlantic front-line weathering the incessant rain and wind so you do n't have to . 
  we happy few . 
  france . 
  good lads . 
  plenty of infrastructure in the host of european cities competing for this business now, 
  dont see what that has to do with financial services, 
  agreed . 
  ultimately i do n't see it happening . 
  if the eu wanted to impose a border on ireland best of luck to them . 
  in the end it would take a fool beyond comparison to try and push for it . 
  i think the topic is mostly being used to leverage fear-mongering by people peddling various different agendas . 
  i would imagine nobody in westminster , belfast or dublin sees it as a realistic prospect .
