  if we 're cute enough about it i actually think ireland could enjoy the best of both worlds re : special agreement with britain / no border / only english language eu nation . 
  i think the phrase ` once bitten . 
  twice shy ' should be relevant here . 
  a bit much i 'll agree ... a hard border would be a massive blow for a few reasons though : 1 ) economically ni becomes one of the most remote regions of europe , cut off from it 's largest trade partner . 
  2 ) cross border trade / border regions would probably suffer a massive decline 3 ) stoking tensions . 
  i think this is what my hyperbolic friend was referring to . 
  even as a dub i would be reviled at the idea of being formally checked driving anywhere on the island of ireland . 
  i 'll always be in favour of a united ireland , but the lack of such is much more digestible with the fact that i 'm able to travel work , live and do what i want anywhere on the island . 
  take that away from the irish and you will have serious problems . 
  true but the irish ancestors would have been there loong before . 
  these people are still there and got cheated out of their own country , so there 's two sides to that coin . 
  if you take the island as a whole , the vast majority of people want unification . 
  the only reason it didn ; t happen is ireland did n't have the military strength to counter the geopolitical force of britian , so got no favourable terms in independence . 
  i 'm sure there 's swathes of scotland that want independance , i do n't see anybody carving scotland up in the same fashion . 
  i do n't see how an irish person using an irish name is inflammatory . 
  and given the fact that it 's a shared society , some irish signage is n't going to kill anyone is it . 
  it 's not like they 're looking for the removal of english signs . 
  nobody is forcing anybody to speak irish . 
  from the irish referendum commissions website , i think they 're pretty on the ball . 
  i presume every country has some equivalent ? 
  ----------- what is the role of the referendum commission ? 
  since 2001 , the commission 's primary role has been : to prepare one or more statements containing a general explanation of the subject matter of the proposal and of the text thereof in the relevant bill and any other information relating to those matters that the commission considers appropriate . 
  to publish and distribute those statements in such manner and by such means including the use of television , radio and other electronic media as the commission considers most likely to bring them to the attention of the electorate and to ensure as far as practicable that the means employed enable those with a sight or hearing disability to read or hear the statements concerned . 
  to promote public awareness of the referendum and encourage the electorate to vote at the poll . 
  i heard the referendum commission provides the argument for and against the referendum ? 
  since 2001 the commission no longer has the role of putting the arguments for and against referendum proposals . 
  however , in a number of areas , where the commission considered that is was a matter of significant public concern and importance , it may decide to clarify matters and to provide appropriate information in relation to them . 
  yep . 
  no problem with free trade , but i dont want to compromise on eu standards , certainly not to a level comparable to the u.s, 
  i 'm not against it in theory , i just dont want to see the erosion of eu standards . 
  any foreign products being sold in the eu will need to be labelled to our standards . 
  bin the investor compensation court and after that on a high level i dont see too many issues . 
  * * i say this having not read any of it of course , but these seem to be the two areas of contention . 
  yeah but they amended the elements we were unhappy with , unless i 'm missing something it seemed like a sensible back and forth between the citizens of ireland and the eu institutions , until an agreement was met that satisfied our voters and their institutions ? 
  or did i miss something ? 
  haha, 
  it is an impressive fridge ... 
  its mostly that people in britain in general do n't give a shit about ni . 
  never have , never will . 
  lads im melting, 
  yeah like freedom ? 
  how can we defend freedom if we ca n't invade other countries ? 
   and we did intervene in iraq against genocide throughout the 1990s , it was to protect oil-rich kuwait i believe , i do n't think genocide had anything to do with it . 
  about time . 
  i see . 
  man i still get sick whenever the bailout is mentioned . 
  when the fuck did we get a sovereign wealth fund ? 
  the place is falling apart and the lads in leinster house giving it norway . 
  to abandon the eu and cosy up to trumps america ... with putin licking his lips on our fringes ... 
  i hope they proceed honorably . . 
  yes but the english electorate trumps the scottish electorate , every time . 
  ratio of 10:1 or something is n't it ? 
  what about decisions that effect scotland being made in england is my point ? 
  this is the r/europe thread after all and you have a scottish flag , rather than a union flag on your profile ... 
  who cares ... 
  i 'm happy to contribute to a european military as long as it 's defensive . . 
  ( not trying to be a prick ), 
  ironic though that scotland marches to the whims of englands populace , and you make the claims of sovereignty against the eu ... do you have a veto in the uk ? 
  sore arse, 
  do they not have big plans for limerick ? 
  iimerick 2030 or summit ? 
  and a restoration project of the georgian quarter ? 
  or is that just more bollox ? 
  our govt doesnt do anything but take credit for job creation that has resulted from the implementation of an economic policy in the 1970s . 
  that and take exorbitant pensions . 
  hopefully, 
  its literally a building with a golden shell ... we have learned nothing as a people !, 
  many countries had there social systems ravaged in the bank bailouts, 
  for fuck sake girls ... 
  on holidays in croatia when i was 16 . 
  she had brown hair and smelled like coconuts ... 
  curious as to why you think this is a good thing ? 
  comment removed anyway which says it all . 
  your man is stone mad, 
  we do the best grannies by miles ... 
  not only have you let yourself down , you 've let your country down ... . . for shame ... 
  handbags at dawn lads ... 
  how the uk economy fares in the context of the brexit affair is indeed massively relevant in a european context and you 're a bit of a tulip to argue otherwise . 
  i think we 're due a good purge ... 
  i 'll have you know it 's actually a medical condition ... 
  happy enough with that . 
  that 'll never happen but i 'd imagine things just remain as they are ... 
  that 's based on tenuous research from polling , but also because the economic case doenst really exist at the minute . 
  nationalists will be in a voting majority in 7 years , if the economics change you can expect this to change dramatically, 
  ireland wasnt united until the english came along . 
  - not necessarily true and also a moot point as the period in question is long before before the age of modern nation states and systems of governance . 
  the scottish were forced over but the scots originally came from ulster in the first place . 
  - this is a bullshit manufactured argument . 
  the ` scots ' you are referring to are dal riata , who were irish / gaels that inhabited parts of scotland . 
  the reason the british kept 6 counties was to give some protection to the protestant people from their roman catholic neighbours . 
  - again nonsens . 
  the british capitulated because the uvf threatened a violent , ` terrorist ' insurrection if they did n't ... 
  ironic really, 
  roi has to accept also, 
   but i have zero problems with their independence well that 's nice ... 
  our ppp is decidedly lower than the uk ( ni exluded ) i prefer that as a measure of wellbeing economically . 
  one day its legalizing weed , then you wake up and you 've elected donald trump ... join the dots sheeple, 
  lol, 
  we should not be on that list, 
  [ removed ]
