why not ? 
  why keep the u.s or france but not russia ? 
  neutrality ? 
  why would you move from sweden to the u.s ? 
  i get going on a holiday there or something but moving there for anything less than a well paying job seems crazy . . 
  honestly i do n't think it gets much worse than -25 c in most of sweden . 
  but i can imagine ( as a swede who 's never been to poland ) that it 's a different type of cold . 
  we also have a lot of wind and snowstorms so that probably makes the winters here rougher . 
  i live sort of in between the middle and the north of the country btw . 
  right , and the point of this video is ? 
  are you actually trying to say that the u.s. is a good country ? 
  it 's done a lot more harm than it has good on a global level . 
  give it a try translating !, 
  really curious how close or languages actually are so it 'd be fun, 
  man its cool seeing his old one from last year , the weight loss progress , the pregnant wife turning into a rock band, 
  shoo , go away . 
  it seems to be a thing with the language . 
  most native swedish speaking finns i 've met have been calm , friendly people . 
  finnish speaking people are much more loud , angry looking and generally grumpy . 
  in my very limited experience of course haha . 
  you are right about both deserving praise for their wartime efforts . 
  but . 
  there is no way in hell to justify the way churchill treated , amongst other , the indians . 
  saying that it was n't as bad as stalin is such a bad argument . 
  at some point it does n't matter if more died or more suffered , what matters is the reasoning behind , the powers that were at play and the amount of responsibiilty the leaders had for things turning out the way they did . 
  i 'd actually reckon stalin had less to do with how the soviet union was run than churchill had with the british colonies . 
  but one was a westerner so he 's praised and the other was an `` evil communist '' so . . 
  there are brits who praise churchill . 
  same . 
  i mean most of the time you are * on * the toilet when pooping * in * it ... 
  aight . 
  fuck it then . 
  my bad . 
  what 's lithuania got to do with anything ? 
  i only said that scotland was way closer to the nordic nations than the baltics - estonia . 
  not really since they have a lot of historical and cultural ties to the nordics . 
  their language and english dialects are heavily influenced by old norse . 
  their isles used to be populated by norse speaking people . 
  we have interacted with them for a very very long period of time and share a large amount of cultural traits . 
  them and estonia are probably the strongest contenders for a `` nordic membership '' or whatever . 
  even more than the other baltic nations . 
  is it not a good thing that we pay a lot in taxes ? 
  fun . 
  killing people is humour . 
  people are only critical to things that do n't fit their world view . 
  i have one very vivid memory of hanging with my older sister as a kid . 
  she introduced me to a friend of hers that is black and said : `` look patrichh !, 
  this is david , he 's a nigger ! '', 
  i was four and very confuffeled . 
  to be fair she was a white , seventeen year old girl from a small town in northern sweden . 
  fan va fint . 
  fuck that 's nice . 
  i 'm so happy we do something useful with the rubbish . 
  \u00c4sch , do we even still do that ( assuming you mean literally and not sd ) . 
  yeah i live just a couple miles south of sundsvall so practically the same weather . 
  i 'd never move south in my life . 
  if i 'm moving it 's gon na be even further into the middle of nowhere in the north . 
  oh it is n't at all too much work . 
  it 's actually way easier than walking through snow , especially since you use your whole body rather than only your legs . 
  there 's quite a bit of technique to it thought but as soon as you 've got down even the most unfit person can do it and enjoy it , lots . 
  source : fatty . 
  hahaha yea . 
  downhill is also very very popular but i did n't have anyone to teach me as a kid and to be honest i 'm a bit of a coward when it comes to that stuff so . 
  should n't prison more be about rehabilitation than punishment though ? 
  oh it 's cross country btw . 
  not like downhill haha . 
  it 's pretty much always dark in the winter so yeah we have to . 
  it 's actually pretty nice if you 've got a headlamp or something . 
  a bit creepy though at times . 
  true . 
  the wether right now is pretty shitty . 
  it 'll be my first winter ever without snow on christmas if this continues . 
  i 'm a swede but the climate 's pretty much the same and i love it . 
  sure summers are nice but nothing beats going skiing in the cold , dark winter and coming back inside the warmth and having a nice hot cup of gl\u00f6gg . 
  yeah in europe . 
  in many parts of asia though it 's a very common symbol still . 
  uh yeah they would . 
  nope . 
  just like some people in vietnam do n't * have * to work in sweatshops . 
  i mean , they 'll starve if they do n't but they do n't * have * to . 
  yep . 
  millions thrown at the working class individuals of romania to build a better country from . 
  it 's this individuals fault that his country ca n't provide security for him in the same way the uk or sweden can . 
  it 's this random romanian person on reddits `` victim complex '' diagnosed by another random redditor that is holding back all of romania . 
  socialism would solve this . 
  i 'm willing to bet working conditions are a lot better for north koreans than the majority of the workers europeans hire in myanmar , china , afghanistan and so on . 
  no it does n't . 
  superk\u00e5t means super horny . 
  o is not \u00c5 . 
  but . . 
  they 're wearing the hijab for religious reasons , so if they were n't religious they would n't wear it . 
  that 's like saying `` how many would marry in a church if there never was christianity or churches ? 
  by that definition everything we do is childhood indoctrination . 
  why would we have christmas trees if we do n't celebrate christmas ? 
  like , there 's no argument left . 
  who 's to say the swedish politicians did n't decide for themselves to wear a headscarf ? 
  hahaha what does that have to do with what the above commenter wrote ? 
  s/he did n't write anything about driving or funding salafist mosques , we 're talking about wether or not you 're forced to wear a hijab lol, 
  `` is probably minimal '' what does that even mean ? 
  you 're pulling shit out of your ass .
