can confirm , that is indeed norwegian weather . 
  video looks legit . 
  i do n't know what you 're talking about ... 
  we have * just * the prosecutor for the top job too . 
  this song is in romanian ; i am posting it here because i 'm curious if it still sounds as good to someone who does n't understand the lyrics . 
  edit : the lyrics , are * really * good ; * m\u0103 ucide ea * , which is repeated throughout the song , means * she kills me * ( with her looks ) . 
  it 's simple but really clicks together with the other verses . 
  logistically and reasonably it ca n't be a right . 
  i hope merkel does n't think it 's a right ; a country like bangladesh has , what , twice the population of germany ? 
  africa is expected to reach , 4 bln people ? 
  that being said , trump and some of the people he has surrounded himself with , are morons . 
  just because the points out the obvious , from time to time , does n't mean he belongs in the white house . 
  sad !, 
  oh , thank god . 
  i still think germany should act through the eu , so to speak . 
  if a 2 speed europe serves towards that , then so be it . 
  at this point it 's obvious that the nicer you are as a country , in foreign policy , the more these dictators abuse that relationship for gains at home . 
  i want to see europe stop being nice , for a year . 
  that 's it . 
  instead of aid , impose sanctions . 
  instead of tolerating dictatorial policies , threaten to kick turkey and russia out of swift . 
  while at the same time invest in a eu army ; lets see how quickly they come back to the table . 
  the border between poland and czechia must be an interesting place . 
  bet they 'll hate the us more when the trade war starts . 
  any alliance with iran would come at the cost of nuclear proliferation though . 
  plus iran is too close to russia . 
  come on ... 
  china needs a market to export to , as does europe . 
  the products we make are generally not overlapping ; they make electronics while we make machinery , we make high-end consumer goods , they make cheap and abundant consumer goods , and so on . 
  should the us become isolationist , china will seek us out , no doubt . 
  should the eu be attacked from all sides , we 'll need a solid anchor ( stable market , potential ally , etc ) , and i do n't see any other country or region filling that role . 
  the ball is in the american court ; it 's up to them to decide how they want to relate to the eu . 
  honestly , i think it 's time for * no more nice europe * . 
  both in relation to russia and turkey and even the us if trump seeks to break the eu up . 
  should the trump-bannon-camp succeed in taking complete power in the us and begin divesting from nato , acting pro-russia and pro-turkey , i figure europe should slowly slide towards an alliance with china . 
  [ hello from romania !, 
  ] ( http://www.presalibera.net/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/ue.jpg ), 
  there will always be a eu , even if it 's only made up of germany , it 's main ports ( the netherlands ) , it 's institutions ( belgium ) , its ' industry supply chain ( czechia , slovakia , poland , hungary and transilvania ) , and austria . 
  that 's already enough countries , guaranteed to stay in the eu no matter what , to keep it alive . 
  no , i would assume you broke the law . 
  if people would n't * give * , beggars would n't * beg * . 
   basic shit . 
  basic tedious shit . 
  but in europe , you can go mountain hiking or biking and not have to worry about crossing into another country . 
  schengen is the best thing to ever happen to europe . 
  i cant even imagine travelling without it ... 
  you 'll be wanting back in , in a decade or two , i guarantee it . 
  this is great news . 
  germany and merkel got the best possible outcome out of the french election . 
  if germany and merkel cherish the eu , now is the time to give in a little to help make france more competitive and push the eu forward as well . 
  such an ideal situation where the uk is no longer able to hinder eu integration , the french government is reformist and has strong support , there are outside foes to point to to rally the people ( russia , turkey , trump , global warming ) , spain is back showing some economic growth , such an ideal situation is unlikely to occur anytime soon after this . 
  seize it , germany . 
  if the point is to let westerners and northerners know that their citizens too sometimes commit crimes in eastern europe or in other parts of the world , i do n't think that 's necessary . 
  you can keep the link and use it as a reply when you see any westerner or northerner claiming that it 's only them experiencing criminality coming from eastern europe . 
  i do n't see what the point is of wasting everyone 's time by building outrage at something like this . 
  this should be removed . 
  i 'm certain there are plenty of bulgarians committing various anti-social acts in sweden as well . 
  whatever the story here , the guy is on video , the authorities can act . 
  propagating videos like this is a waste of time . 
  yup , pretty much ... 
  i believe there 's an interview of one of trumps sons claiming that `` we have plenty of money out of russia '' , when asked about having a difficult time receiving funding from western banks , a couple years ago . 
  i 'm not entirely sure what to google for though . 
  then there 's also this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qppjfuebvxo i am certain nobody does any business in baku , without having some very corrupt local friends . 
  i 've been following events very closely . 
  neither will local authorities know who they are and what they are capable of though ... 
  we 'll see , i strongly believe trump has been financed by russian oligarch money . 
  in which case his hands will be tied . 
  his presidency , his life , fortune , his childrens ' well-being and his grandchildren will depend on putin not releasing any financial documents tying him and his family to russian dirty money . 
  when his personal stakes are so high ... 
  i do n't know . 
  i do n't think any alliance with poland or romania will matter much . 
  hopefully some clever artificial intelligence can help with that soon . 
  where we give up privacy , but anonymously , for use in pattern recognition and statistical analysis and then an actual name is only brought out when the algorithm deems it a high risk individual and under court order . 
  i 'm not sure how close we are to that though ; could still be 10-15-20 years from now . 
  well he 's not wrong ... in the same way abstinence will prevent pregnancy , if one keeps to it . 
  still , poland is already a member of schengen , they would n't be able to prevent terrorists in western europe from entering the country and committing terrorist acts , anyway . 
  in the same way , leaving the eu is not an option for poland . 
  so the immigration problem is a european problem now , and it needs a european solution . 
  i agree , the european solution proposed by merkel was the wrong one ; i 'm sure she thought things would play out differently though and she might not have hand many other options , given that germany does n't have much of an army , and nor does the eu . 
  i am , disappointed in the mayor of london , who is muslim and is in a unique position to mobilize muslims in europe , against this extremist wave . 
  yet , he is not doing anything of the sort . 
  for this problem to be fixed , it is european muslims who must single out those among them who would do this again , and again . 
  that being said , while i believe it would be wrong of merkel and macron to do it , they will most likely push poland on the issue until poland breaks , potentially . 
  i think poland has lost the stability it had in the us , at least temporarily . 
  nobody in poland is going to believe trump that he will guard poland against putin , not anymore . 
  so really a united eu is the only hope for poland now . 
  but i think macron has had enough of merkels solution too , so , poland might have some hope there . 
   wearing a jacket indoors bare-chested , no less . 
  last year he looked fine : (, 
  well it kind of is , is it not ? 
  what the hell are adults doing concerning themselves with and cutting the skin of a babys ' penis ? 
  that is one of the most disgusting thing an adult can think of . 
  if it was n't a religious trend it would be seen as the mental disorder that it is . 
  seriously , an adult , concerning him or herself with cutting the skin of a penis for absolutely no good reason . 
  just think about that . 
  i like it . 
  great pair of personality , i agree . 
  honestly , i want to be happy already given the poll numbers , but i 'm hesitant . 
  really hoping for a macron win here . 
  eu is too important .
