i have no idea what the future of ukraine will entail and i hope that their economy will improve with eu funds and other western help . 
  maybe not and they will descend into chaos , who knows . 
  war is still unnecessary and will only bring more harm on the region . 
  putin gib back petseri and ivangorod territories pliz . 
  yes , we are pro ukraine . 
  since ukraine wanted to become a western oriented state but russia is not letting this happen and instead is waging war . 
  if you have any evidence at all that ukraine is authoritarian then , i am glad to hear it . 
  idiots , you ca n't limit free speech , it wont be free speech anymore if you could n't talk about religion in a certain way . 
  wow this economist knows what he is talking about , i though the uk leaving would benefit the eu economically . 
  good thing he enlightened this subreddit . 
  fuuuuk we got beat by one potato . 
  well , probably , yeah . 
  i do n't think the migrant community will appreciate it when a bunch of skinheads beat up one of their own . 
  / sss the point is , it does n't help . 
  in fact , it cause even more tensions when these groups roam around . 
  are you dumb mate ? 
  of course by forming even more agressive groups of locals . 
  yep , always thought the latvian name for estonia is funny as hell for some reason . 
  you are right from that perspective but what i 'm saying is , maybe in a few centuries when more people start to consider themselves europeans instead of whatever nationality they are right now a fedralized europe would be a great deal . 
  obviously it would be great for estonians but a single european entity would be far more powerful than one of the big three alone . 
  it would serve to further the interests of europe as a whole instead of a single nation state . 
  though the problem is that euopean nations do n't share the same goals at this very moment . 
  however i 'm no expert on this topic and this will definitely not happen in my lifetime and if it does must be fueled by some kind of cataclysmic event . 
  without the federalization of europe our future is at stake . 
  a future without an united europe is a future dominated by stronger powers such as the usa , india , china , brazil etc. 
  a future with an united europe will be a future with the whole continent dominated by a well developed singular state with a strong military and the power to crush petty states with the economy alone . 
  this is realpolitik , i believe this will happen eventually and to be honest i see no downsides . 
  and to people who do n't want to lose their national identity , i tell you one thing . 
  you are european first x second . 
  nationalism has been the cancer of europe for a long time and i hope it just dies . 
  though i would love to hear others ' opinion on this topic , maybe i am wrong . 
  sadly the state is doing a shit job at delivering , so someone else might also start having a share in that `` industry '' . 
  lets goooo bois rape of paris, 
  estonian papers and news sites are really good imo . 
  paris gunmen wilin ' out in 2016 boi, 
  as an estonian i have to disagree . 
  back in the old russian empire days the methods the empire used to recruit estonian men was insane . 
  you had some officer come to your village and say we need this many men . 
  because nobody wanted to go ( service was fucking 20 years ) the men drew sticks and the guy ( s ) who got the shortest stick had to go . 
  absolutely fucked imo , your whole life depending on what stick you draw . 
  sometimes i dream of a world without conflict where states can just develop peacefully . 
  then i see erdogan and putin and come back to reality . 
  nationalism is the cancer of this world . 
  i do n't have heating right now and it feels like my room is as cold as the outside . 
  conscripts are n't that bad at all , sure professionals and sf are better but people tend to think that they are on the level of farmers in the middle ages . 
  yea this is bs . 
  at least in estonia all men get fucked but to be fair conscription has become a right of passage for men in estonia . 
  many want to go , as do i. 
  so conscription is n't that bad at all . 
  us and australia make such funny caricatures , because every single one is ironic to the core . 
  like the us one where reporters rush to the scene of the split . 
  while the caricature itself is essentially doing the exact same thing . 
  i did n't even know they split before 5 minutes ago hahaha . 
  whooosh, 
  i also am an expert in memeology , many interesting discussions are to be had 4head, 
  the former communist/soviet states will never catch up , i mean the western states are n't just stagnating and waiting for east to recover , they are growing too . 
  kind of hard to believe the same thing happened in lithuania considering you guys are pretty ethnic over there . 
  the russian population is what , less that 4 percent !, 
  there already is a law like that , most people seems to just not give a fuck . 
  unfair dude you live underwater , how do you expect estonians to compete . 
  i challenge you to a game of being obnoxiously loud when drunk . 
  i will propose a few as well . 
  dodging people who ask for smokes and money wife carrying kiiking heavy drinking metal theft and of course the classic casual racism, 
  feelsbadman, 
  estonia has forced conscription and i like it . 
  i see it more as a right of passage for a boy to become a man and of course i think it is a very valuable asset to bolster our defenses . 
  well to be fair all of the possible topics contained the same level of bullshit . 
  i mean russian economy , regular life of russian , domestic society . 
  i can see why people would choose foreign policy , more like a pick your poison type of situation . 
  but come on guys , you 're saying you do n't appreciate the racist shitposts that appear in delfi anonymous section ? 
  tallinn replaced our old trams recently and today was a rainy day , the tram ceiling freaking leaked , so better keeps these prague . 
  they 're old but they can go through hell and come out looking better . 
  let me teach you , in order to squat like a slav you need to be flat footed , this is the easiest step . 
  now obviously having problems with balance you need to put your hands like our president , elbows on knees and they need to be straight out , thus having balance . 
  i used to work in retail and squatting on the toes is a huge pain , the slav squat is simply efficient . 
  am slav confirmed . 
  some cases exist where an estonian has a lot of ancestry from the former cccp due to the immigration/migration that happened in this era all over the cccr . 
  triggered, 
  most estonians who speak english fluently can do the russian accent easily . 
  he might be russian though , who knows . 
  would be hilarious if these coins were made by any other nation but if russia makes them , it \u00b4 s normal . 
  hahaha, 
  estonia should be on this list dude , tallinn is safe , if you stay away from lasnam\u00e4gi , mustam\u00e4gi , \u00d5ism\u00e4gi and p\u00f5hja-tallinn . 
  this list just doesn \u00b4 t work , first if you use this method you get stupid shit like countries having more tourists than population but still inhabiting the list . 
  the other side of things having france below estonia would be stupid as hell as well , if things are done per capita basis . 
  can confirm this . 
  biggest failure by the french system in the history of europe . 
  a radical asks for a second chance and he is given one , what a joke . 
  why though ? 
  you rather some gunman shoot up some school somewhere and kill 10 \u00b4 s rather than be shot down by heavily armed and well trained soldiers ? 
  if this is n't bait you are retarded . 
  hahahahahahaha , eastern turkey higher living standard than estonia . 
  well we saw this in post ww 1 europe . 
  when more than half of the states in europe had authoritarian/totalitarian governments . 
  i do n't think so . 
  these people are digging a grave for their own peoples , i see the rise of another authoritarian europe if this continues . 
  your views are nonsensical . 
  uk less liberal ( aka european ) than ee ? 
  i believe people who fought in ww i would n't give a fuck if they were n't included . 
  czech republic or latvia , so i can make fun of estonians .
