  or was it just his father how was a boxer ? 
  well lets see how claudia does vs kk first ... 
  she is indeed getting better with every fight . 
  it 's very obvious even for me . 
  the image she posted really sums it up https://pbs.twimg.com/media/c_497flwaaehkek.jpg:large, 
  well from what i read he `` hates '' the catholic church and does not care about the bible . 
  he admires his pets , loves adventures and nature . 
  he has donated alot of the money he has made to charities in poland . 
  there really is a very nice down to earth guy behind that crazy appereance . 
  good luck everybody !, 
  rigged obviously . 
  what do you mean when you 're saying that kk is overrated ? 
  is she overrated in the ranking ? 
  that ca n't be true because right now she is # 4 and she already beat current # 5 and # 6 ... maybe you were surpirised that she beat rose but from what i remember even though kk won by split decision there was no doubt she won that fight . 
  nah pls do n't, 
  he is talking about the ecuador game . 
  that 's too funny ... short before being thrown yoshi raises his arms to the sky come take me jin i 'm all yours lol, 
  that gigas was like you are already dead let me hit you with a quick low attack to seal the deal, 
   ( also , sorry to whoever i fight in quick match where i back of after launching you , i mean no disrespect . ), 
  that really is not a smart thing to do though . 
  most chars have easy to learn combos . 
  you should at least learn a staple combo for the most obvious launchers . 
  he is not ass ... 
  well looking at what tools other chars have he is kinda garbage but i 'm just having fun with him . 
  because they are the host ... 
  isnt this guy like overreacting a little bit ? 
  heh ok fair enough, 
  nah it does not take years to get good ... what it takes is a competitive offline comuunity with like minded thinking ppl who try to get better , play to win and play alot of course . 
  in this kind of environment you get good/decent on a competitive level really quick . 
  well i do n't know what your standards are and where you 're from but obviously for most westeners the level of knee maddogjin or any other high level korean japanese player is pretty much unachieveable ... what i meant is its the quickest way to get decent at this game when you live in the western world wich does not have arcades ... i ' v been there and i 'm not talking out of my ass ... 
  well there are many levels of good and decent to begin with ... lets just leave it at that, 
  i do n't understand why people keep bringing up the likes of knee ... i mean it 's pretty obvious you will never get to that level . 
  as i said there are many levels of being `` good '' . 
  i ' v also been playing tekken since t3 and actually went to some tag1 t4 tournies all over europe back in the days . 
  there were always some ppl who performed well even though nobody ever heard of them before . 
  it was actually way harder to get good at tekken back in the days . 
  man i lost the point i better stop do n't even know what we are arguing about . 
  yeah i was working on this alot in pmode and actually gave up on that combo because as you say the 3 +4 df3 just isnt consistent for me . 
  i had some success hitting it in pmode when i did a really deep instant fast dash after the s !, 
  but then again sometimes the dash is just too deep and the 3 +4 misses and if i actually hit the 3 +4 the 3 still misses sometimes . 
  it 's definitely easier against the likes of miguel while very inconsistent against ling for example . 
  input lag is definitely not a reason ... when it comes to combos input lag is n't relevant it just means the timings are different . 
  i see will give a try . 
  i watched some of that highlow stream you linked and even though he seem to hit the combo alot even if not off axis when he needed the kill he still did db2 df3 after s !, 
  so i guess he also does not trust it 100 % ... 
  i got used to always do 3 +4 instead of just the 3 btw ... do n't see why not . 
  huh ? 
  why would 3df ~ db ws1 be more dmg then 3df2 ? 
  it 's not ... 
  dont think its easier to hit the ender because the cancel into ws1 delays the combo and makes them be even father away ... about the f +3 +4 ender i 'm really not sure because i was searching for this info too after i ' v seen combo videos where ppl end with f3 +4 df ~ db ws3 but from what i understand the ws3 was nerved at some point and it is not guareteed anymore ... if they just dont do anything after the f +3 +4 the ws3 will not hit ... 
  you dont really need the high end combos in t7 anymore though because of the new scaling ... the lesser hits you do the better ... so yeah doing the long ass wall carry combos with her is a skill but for me personaly the effort is too much to pay off ... 
  i 'm not sure but i think it does n't work anymore ... 
  hmm is that with techroll on ? 
  i was able to do this in tag2 no problem but in t7 the cpu keeps techrolling out of it ... maybe i 'm just too late ... got ta check again . 
  edit : nevermind i 'm just not doing it fast enough . 
  seems to be harder then it was in tag2 though . 
  well everybody plays tekken on pc now so i could definitely use it . 
  d2 should work most of the time maybe not if the deathfist is blocked from far away, 
  you need to realise that all the players who keep playing tag2 for some reason have been playing it for some time now so if you are just starting it 's obvious you will be having a hard time . 
  tag2 also is harder to get into then t7 . 
  didnt look random to me he kinda punished that nicely ... lars players tend to develp a feeling for punishing whiffs with that move . 
  it will take some time hard to tell how lond exactly ... but as you it will be a different thing to do it in pmode and actually using it to full potential in matches . 
  once you are comfortable using it and it becomes second nature you will realise there is more to it then just being able to execute it . 
  you cant get pradictable with it against better players , you will need to be able to do it from different situations like after a sidestep , backdash . 
  you will need to learn how to bait ppl into whiffing and punish with electrics ... you will need to learn how to block punish with it , how to cc to punish unsafe lows with it ... the list goes on and on ... 
  how comes the charakter and ground collision seems to be off on the pc version ? 
  i ' v seen this alot in screenshots and videos . 
  in some videos you dont even see the feet of the char anymore lol ... 
  whats the difference between changing out fit from here and canceling search , going back to char select and selecting a different outfit ? 
  10 seconds ... 
  the only thing i really would ask for and i think most gigas players would agree is a ground throw mixup ... not that he really needs it but it feels like the combat machine he is he should have some brutal looking ground throws . 
  other then that i 'm fine with him . 
  yeah he is lower tier but that really doesnt mean anything . 
  there are players in korea/japan who reach very high rank using him . 
  shit i ' v legit not seen that before . 
  i did n't watch alot of t7 shaheen videos per release but i ' v been using him from the beginning and always thought that the parry is just useless ... thanks !, 
  tekken hybrid had the tag2 demo and tag1, 
  katarinas 112 is +8 on block ... ppl often use this to setup ch df4 . 
  it 's a very common frametrap . 
  :( i do n't think you are cunts, 
  so they acutally keep they win streak when they quit ? 
  that 's fucked up ... 
  obviously you start with learning combos . 
  check what launchers he has and look up what combos you can do from all launchers . 
  he has easy to learn combos and some harder ones you can learn later . 
  as a grappler king obviously relies on his throw game alot . 
  being able to execute and setup his throws will be very important . 
  does that mean they are actually listening to player requests before deciding what chars will be released in the future ? 
  or is it just about kid kaz who already is in the game anyway ? 
  i did not read all the comments so maybe i 'm saying things already mentioned but actually try to not get frustrated when you 're loosing . 
  i know it sounds stupid because obviously nobody likes to lose but remember that you should have fun playing the game first and foremost . 
  you will not become a tekken pro and it is not something you will ever do for a living . 
  it 's just a game . 
  still you want to get better of course . 
  everytime you lose/get demoted watch some replays of your fights and try to figure out what you could have done better . 
  it might be hard to actually understand what your shortcomings are . 
  maybe join the tekken beginner discord group and ask ppl to review your fights . 
  it is a really good method to get better . 
  yeah i 'm not talking about requests on twitter of course . 
  they know where to look if they need info .
