  we will not allow anybody to bring war here . 
   she has a lot of learning to do in the grappling department, 
  nobody could do any damage to her on the ground in all the fights in ufc . 
  her take down defense is very strong and when they manage to take her down they can not profit because she works her way back up every time . 
  it 's not fair to say its all just because her standup is so good . 
  some soldiers actually killed civilians ... i ' v seen some graphic shit of fucked up bodies after one of this helicopters started shooting straight into a crowd . 
  this will definitely be the punishment for erdo should he ever fall . 
  i guess it 's a nice gesture but what good can money ever do when some ppl lost loved ones for no fucking reason, 
  i dont know how you know what video i ' v seen also i do n't understand why i 'm being downvoted but from the video i ' v seen i can tell there was not much left of those bodies . 
  wait are you trolling or is this a thing ? 
  i do n't like the `` sexy citizens '' and `` make visegrad great again '' is it a joke ? 
  the creator of that subreddit seems to be trolling ... but we definitely need that heh, 
  stop downvoting me ... what i said is not wrong . 
  i understand money can help the families of the victims . 
  just do not downvote you ppl make no sense . 
  triggered, 
  of course he was carrying a knife because you never know when you might have to stab some girls right ? 
  gadelha is a sneaky little brazilian bastard make no mistake . 
  she knew exactly what she was doing at tuf . 
  i thought she would realise that her octagon interview was emberrassing enough but no there she goes again . 
  she said something like `` this is important '' pointing at the belt `` but being a good person is more important '' blabla i do n't know why she came up with that again just after the fight i thought it was stupid . 
  so it was not allahu akubaru ? 
  thank god, 
  yes you already know what happen ? 
  she puts pressure on herself ? 
  cause she will not just walk through kk ... she might be disappointed in the end . 
  she is 9-0, 
  where did she say that ? 
  i would not put too much into it . 
  there was a time when everybody thought ronda was by far the best female fighter until ppl realized she only armbars ppl and her stand up is rather limited . 
  karolina said rose is the favorite in that fight . 
  i wonder if she really means it . 
  this are like the oreo cookies and polish ppl really like this cookies . 
  rose knows what it means when karolina is holding the polish flag . 
  she knows she will go down . 
  so what would make sense now ? 
  will karolina fight joanna ? 
  who will rose fight now ? 
  who will gadelha fight next ? 
  why not ? 
  rose actually landed some good strikes here and there . 
  2nd and 3rd round were all karolina but the first round was close . 
  do n't worry we have been invading shit before . 
  it looks like this is in fact her style . 
  she can move more free when her hands are down obviously . 
  but that will definitely not work against joanna . 
  i do n't know . 
  need to watch the fight again maybe but i did not see karolina being super dominant . 
  yes she won but as i said rose was hanging in there . 
  yeah also agniszka is 21 and it was her first fight with invicta . 
  stanley is 35 . 
  cool she took the fight on short notice ... she was talking shit too much . 
  well karolina is a smart fighter who can adapt . 
  joanna can be hurt . 
  she will be the favorite of course but karolina is mentaly strong and tough . 
  also as seen against rose her ground game is decent too . 
  i thought i might use that thread to ask my questions . 
  i 'm not a long time mma fan . 
  to be honest i just got into watching fights after joanna came up . 
  obviously as a pole i 'm proud : /, 
  i was watching the jedrzejczyk penne fight in berlin ( i was not there ) which was brutal and i noticed there was a cutman in jessicas corner who did a good job covering the damage done to her face . 
  after watching the fight between rose and karolina i noticed nobody even tried to stop any bleeding . 
  in boxing the first thing they do after any round is to stop any bleeding . 
  karolina was kinda handicapped by the blood that came from the wound she had as she was always touching her nose . 
  another question i have is about the niedzwiedz stanley fight . 
  i mean the limit is 125 lb and stanley came with 128 or 129 ? 
  she can still fight so what is the point ? 
   if he/she chooses to fight despite their opponent missing weight then they get a % of their opponents purse which was 25 % in this case . 
  wow thank for this info . 
  is this different for different promotions ? 
  are this 25 % like a standard for all promotions or just a standard for invicta and ufc ? 
  very kind of you to answer my qs thank you !, 
  you have to admit there is no girl in the ufc ( straw and bantam ) who can throw an uppercut like that . 
  beside of that i do n't know you might be right . 
  after that fight against kk i think rose can do it . 
  i was surprised how she was hanging in there . 
  she can beat cg . 
  i think she will grow quickly after that fight . 
  if this was russia the fight would be rigged eot, 
  poor creature :(, 
  i wonder which one of his 1000 cousins took a photoshop online course ? 
  we will see . 
  of course joanna is not `` scared '' but she will have to respect karolinas skills . 
  it 's not gon na be a easy . 
  kk is a well rounded fighter as she showed vs rose . 
  i ca n't wait till they set up a date and location for this fight . 
  i hope it happens soon . 
  also hope they will not fuck eachother up too bad lol . 
  one kick to the nuts and he would not get up nomore ever, 
  yes kk can definitely not fight like that against jj . 
  she can not just keep her hands down but she is 10-0 i mean she somehow always finds a way to beat her opponent . 
  she will not just stand there waiting for jj to punch her face . 
  mate , uncoordinated ? 
  it 's not like everybody who watches mma fights is a fighter right ? 
  some of us are actually overweight and ca n't run a mile without dying . 
  yes i know that was sick ... like both punches were just right where they were supposed to be ... still karolina took it like she wanted it ? 
  rose was really doing good but wtf ? 
  so he probably did not ... 
  sick !, 
  any replays ?
