  i guess conor has some kind of a great fight iq he just knows what to do to get an edge and how to wisely use his energy . 
  on the other hand i do n't understand how nate can just go all the time no matter what . 
  that 's crazy . 
  thats why she said `` silver medalist '' right ? 
  no , the second winner . 
  funny how there is a video uploaded for every game except for the levadia tallinn game . 
  only yesterday i learned about the story of the russian boxer sergey kovalev whos opponent died after the fight because he was being beaten up for several rounds and nobody stopped the fight ... this shit is no joke . 
  no i actually want him to score 6 goals !, 
  i did n't really pay attention to what happened in football untill now ... what happened to boateng and costa ? 
  they still on the roster right ? 
  also why did n't sanches play ? 
  til there is a hof for wwe managers ... rip, 
  do you really think this might be an issue ? 
  what will you be doing at the sports bar ? 
  if you 're not into sports then be honest and tell them . 
  maybe just pick one team from one of the big leagues and tell them you saw few games or something . 
  maybe pick a favorite player too in case they ask . 
  i do n't know most of the times it 's better to actually be honest because otherwise they might realise that you 're making things up and not like that at all . 
  maybe tell them that you are not into it but if you get the job it might actually change . 
  that 's really not fair imo, 
  thx now watch how they will downvote you too . 
  that 's actually abuse . 
  i know she has done stupid things in the past but i feel it 's too harsh . 
  i mean she kinda helped the uswnt become what it is today . 
  but yeah it 's just my opinion . 
  he knows, 
  that should not be a goal ... goalie should be there obviously . 
  edit : ppl need to explain the downvotes . 
  it 's obviously keepers fault . 
  the freekick was not even placed well . 
  never ever this should be a goal . 
  i 'm not from uae or japan so i 'm not salty or anything . 
  the wall protects the left side of the goal and the right side of the goal belongs to the keeper . 
  how is he not polish with a name like this ? 
  just for the record i did n't know but nice feeling to not being downvoted for this really ... vive la france !, 
  http://de.forvo.com/word/kurzawa/ that 's how polish people would pronounce it . 
  i do n't think french people prounaunce it like that though . 
  watcha gon na do, 
  i get a different feeling . 
  it terrifies me . 
  is this game not transmitted on tvp ? 
  what is going on ? 
  score should be 2:2 by now ... are they falling asleep ? 
  seriously if they keep playing like that they will actually loose that game . 
  terrible . 
  while kazakhstan plays like fkn brazil . 
  i 'm still not sure if you guys played way better then you normaly do or if it was us playing way worse then we normaly do . 
  probably both though . 
  is it over yet ? 
  i turned it off because i could not watch . 
  i do n't think we should rely on him keeping that euro form ... as always this qualifiers will be a grind . 
  if you do n't perform well as a team against this `` small '' opponents espacially in away games , you will not make it to the worldcup . 
  congrats though !, 
  it was great one touch football at times from kazakhstan !, 
  lewy is being targeted often . 
  remember that foul against scotland during euro qualifiers ? 
  or against switzerland at euro ... those were brutal . 
  on the other hand he really works a lot with his elbows when protecting the ball . 
  remember that goal against germany during euro qualifiers when he elbowed durm before passing to mila ? 
  edit : thx @rmcd94, 
  i 'm not sure . 
  it 's worldcup qualifiers only the best team from every group qualifies . 
  you guys need to keep that form against denmark and romania pls !, 
   kairats president and staff were n't allowed to annual meeting , which is ridiculous , considering they pretty much supply all the players for the team . 
  it is not ridiculous imo . 
  there always will be tension between nt and clubs . 
  same in every country . 
  many players of german nt play for bayern . 
  still i do n't think bayern can decide anything on nts matters . 
  it was more of a hug then a headlock tbh ... 
  i know shit like this is standard in club football all over the world unfortunately . 
  yes he is doomed because he is the star player . 
  so especially against `` weaker '' teams where the players are not used to this level he will suffer alot . 
  k fixed it congrats on the win ... 
  definitely cheering for you guys !, 
  yes winning the group !, 
  it 's a very hard group though i think . 
  with right attitude you guys can take points from england . 
  need to be on point away in slovakia , slovenia , lithania : /, 
  are those girls like ... still available ? 
  you do realize the jews were poles too rigth ? 
  it 's not like people were either jews or poles ... they were poles who were also jews . 
  they spoke polish , were born in poland so what exactly is your point ? 
  so only the native americans should be called americans following your logic ? 
  yes it 's a nationality like `` polish '' . 
  well your fault to get into an argument with an idiot like that ... sry we have people like that i really do n't understand where this idea is coming from ... 
   but non-jewish poles were only 12 % murdered . 
  oh ok thats not that many thats an accaptable number / s, 
  i do n't know why some ppl would downvote u. . . well in the end i think both of us will end up in playoffs at best ... 
  no yellow card for that foul on lewy ? 
  why ? 
  i agree with that but still foul on lewy was kinda looking `` more '' dangerous . 
  sometimes i wonder how he never had to go through a major injury . 
  anyway i agree a warning is ok because it 's so early in the game . 
  wow i do n't think renato will make it to the second half ... 
  now i really want to see jj punching her till shes just head and ears, 
  wtf was that fight ? 
  do they even want to fight ? 
  or are they fed up with it ? 
  bring a real fighter in there get lost of this pussy bs ... guy who does funny face had to kick one of the couches to get me exited lol,
