  i 'm not a fan but he is at least decent considering he is playing in ekstraklasa . 
  he is decent technically but i do n't think he can be any special in any top european league . 
  thing is we are despretly looking for good playmakers in poland . 
  the ref looks like he would rather not throw cards left and right ... you mean the kuba situation ? 
  no a warning was ok ... n. ireland was doing more yellow worthy things . 
  yes they fought hard and still played very fair ... i was expecting some dead ppl nah jk poles were kinda shocked that the game was so soft they started to fall on any contact : /, 
  it was not them it was the other ireland ... 
  im dying here, 
  well if alaba scores with that shot early in the game everything could have gone differently, 
  austria was not well prepared for that game . 
  they were lacking energy and strengths . 
  maybe they overdid it with they fitness drills ? 
  also it was not the game they used to play during qualifiers . 
  they used to play fast combinations with fast farward movement . 
  today they played inacurate long balls mainly bacause players in front were not using the space and were not moving at all . 
  players were not demanding the ball . 
  junuzovic out early and dragovic gone with red is bad ... poor performence by the ref though ... there were many many more fouls before that deserved a yellow card and he did n't show any ? 
  congrats to hungary !, 
  they looked well prepared very strong performence . 
  i think austria can still make it . 
  need to beat portugal now . 
  yeah i felt like they had no energy . 
  koller maybe lacks the experience when it comes to preparing the team for a big event ? 
  he seems to be a nice guy ... but i guess all the hype made everybody feel too comfortable . 
  they can still make it . 
  if junuzovic ca n't play that would suck though . 
  pr\u00f6dl will be a good sub for dragovic so no problem there i think ? 
  if they do n't get out of the group they will have to learn from it qualify for wc and do it better . 
  team is still developing . 
  nobody is laughing ... at least i 'm not . 
  i feel sorry for the players . 
  it 's one fucking game where you have to be on point . 
  they have another solid defender with pr\u00f6dl ... junuzovic being injured prolly hurts the team more . 
   it was almost like a big collective delusion , that had gripped the nation and probably reflected back on the footballers themselves . 
  this . 
  i do n't know how many times ppl were talking about getting into the top 10 in the fifa ranking ... 
  he still was one of the best players out there ... few years ago he was a different one who would quickly get fed up when things do n't work as he would like it . 
  he has skills and he was working on his attitude alot . 
  that shit gave me goose bumps : o, 
  i wish the refs would just show him the red card before the match even starts and they just send him off for the first crazy thing he would do anyway lol, 
  remember when you guys played poland in 2006 at our old fucked up national stadium ... where the orchester played your anthem ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n4qq-eehgqq skip to 3:00, 
  i always feel like an actual orchester playing the anthem is so much more real and respectfull ... it was great i love watching this over again mainly becasue we beat you of course  you really have a great anthem, 
  i do n't get how you ppl alway keep the perfect balance between being so real and still not overdoing it ... thats a very special skill all of you seem to have, 
  i think poles really love that because you guys would not go for the police truck but you would have more fun invading the truck which carries the toilets haha, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lh2-hkeopno favorite moment 2:54 lol, 
  let the bodies hit the floooooor, 
  croatia was looking rock solid ... do n't know if they can be considered as an underdog though, 
  i just checked [ this ! ], 
  ( http://www.transfermarkt.co.uk/europameisterschaft-2016/teilnehmer/pokalwettbewerb/em16/saison_id/2015 ) yesterdays results are even more impressive now ... 
  so did the albanian defense decide to not mark griezmann at all cause the is short ? 
  from what i remember it 's not the first time the guy scores with his head, 
  he said -5 so having a micropenis would actually bring the avarage up no ? 
  i predict a draw 1:1, 
  they already did better then any other polish lineup since like the 70s ... what is so special about that team is that they did not look happy after that 0:0 game because they have the winning attitude ... they want to score and win . 
  even though a point is great against germany they want more . 
  i love this team . 
  i 'm happy for that usmnt really i think you have to be ready for them otherwise they will make you pay . 
  some of those teams seem to be playing some strange kind of yolo football ? 
  they are just not ready, 
  sick strenghts from usa they win most of the duels, 
  murica looks scary they do like the best they can + some more sick, 
  very litte chance . 
  they will have to beat the czechs by many goals as they are -4 on goals right now . 
  what ever happened to the extra time ... 
  poland will probably face romania or switzerland, 
  protest ? 
  seriously ? 
  if i was the ref i would have send off jj for that punch ... straight red card not just yellow . 
  also brooks would be shown a yellow card for that pushing from behind . 
  did n't see what woods did but still a protest ? 
  oh ok i thought he got a second yellow for that ... 
  ~ ~ polland ~ ~ poland, 
  wow thats very emotional ... brought a tear to my eye even though i have never even been to ireland ... 
  lets fucking rekt them 5:0 ... jk good luck switzerland , 
  definitely ... we could hardly keep up their pace in overtime . 
  our only chance was to get into penalties . 
  they deserved it more kinda ... cant complain, 
  portugal lol, 
  was that tripple pump he did before throwing the ball in a timing thing ? 
  i mean you can not execute that play better ... 
  definitely one of the top 5 goals in this euro so far imo, 
  well what happened is not a big thing really ... polish players ran to that corner because fabianski was there ... yes some did a cheering gesture towards the fans but it was a emotional moment i do n't think they wanted to provoke the swiss fans ... then swiss fans started throwing cups on the field and szczesny picked one up and acted like he is drinking from it and showed them a thumbsup ... i can ensure you they did n't mean any bad . 
  i can understand that the swiss were upset though . 
  please do n't stop cheering for us i know they will learn from that i think it was just a strange moment that just escalated for no reason ... we respect the swiss alot and everybody knows they were a little better in extratime ... 
  is that an invitation or a threat ? 
  cause i ca n't tell right now ... 
  you obviously have no idea what it means to be polish, 
  yeah i got that mate ... but you obviously do n't understand that poles who live abroud are being abused since many many years ... we are not even mad about it no more ... just look at you ... `` polacks '' you know this is offending do n't you ? 
  polish ppl are being abused all over western europe ... we are stealing your cars , we are taking your jobs , we should not be a part of eu in the first place ... we got used to it . 
  what cultures ? 
  what people ? 
  what countries ? 
  yes you 're right xenophobia is a human thing i guess . 
  not just in the uk not just in poland but fucking everywhere . 
  i 'm not crying here i said i do n't care about it . 
  throw shit at me and i will give you a smile . 
  but before you do this learn about polish history . 
  poland was a multiculti nation before that word even existed . 
  give me an example how we are known for any kind of acts ...
