  even though i do n't like it i understand why pis is taking it over now after they got elected . 
  it 's sad yes but this is how poland works right now . 
  i did not report you yet but if you keep spreading this bs i actually will . 
  so you really believe the pilots consumed alcohol ? 
  would you pls explain how you came up with this ? 
  if you can not explain and proof then you are first of a liar and a troll and secondly an enemy of the state and should be treated accordingy . 
  this is really cool . 
  op should give some credit and actually go to poland to find out more about his ancesors . 
  your turn op . 
  i think there are even more `` socialists '' right now in he usa then there are in poland . 
  i do n't think he has been `` brainwashed '' lol op is just not into politics : /, 
  if you 'd actually read what we know , then you 'd know that someone was consuming alcohol in the cockpit . 
  we do n't know who , only that we know who was in the cockpit at the time . 
  source ? 
  link ? 
  evidence ? 
  lol, 
  this is rediculous mate are you some kind of an far right wannbe yank trying to teach ppl what is good and what is not ? 
  :d sorry but you do not deserve my attantion . 
  the question is : will poland ever uncover the truth about the plane crash that killed its president ? 
  heh i do n't know i do not live in poland but all the turks i met were insta friends ... i met so many turkish people and we had so many laughs i could tell so many stories ... 
  - co to jest ? 
  as i said i will report you to polish officials for assassination ... your only hope is to link me to that confersation where they talk about drinlking . 
  i swear it is your last chance . 
  i will keep an eye on you from now on btw . 
   i 've linked you to the exact news article that clearly states that someone was drinking in the cockpit . 
  i quoted the article you linked above . 
  where are the recordings this person is referring to ? 
  of course it 's all lies ... 
  sry you were right i was not up to date and did n't know about this tapes but claiming that the pilots were drinking and thats this is the reason why this happened is just over the top do n't you think ? 
  what a lost soul you are ... rt ? 
  wow wow just wow ... so fucking sad wow, 
  lol you are just fucking lost in space, 
  i doont know what you typed i swear i did not read lol . . just get lost go away haha, 
  yeah that is what i am ... not a surprise no ... good bye, 
  wow very disturbing ... crazy how quickly it became a god damn inferno, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kerzndoqvb4 american/polish girl from chicago vloging in english about her stay in poland also warsaw ... most videos are about japan but the vid i linked and the next few episodes are about poland . 
  maybe you get something from this . 
  oh you can skip the parts where her friend is vlogging from japan/korea if you want . 
  well that video is very old but interesting anyway . 
  i ' v never been much of an mma fan but since we got our first ufc champion i became one . 
  asia is the best i hope she destroys gadelha in july . 
  mma is in fact big in poland ksw is one of the top promotions in the world . 
  i hope we will also have a male ufc champion in the near future . 
  thats an interesting story wow ... do you have any idea how this painting ended in your families posession in the first place ? 
  will you let us know what its worth after the appraisal ? 
   then the wreck will also be ` accidentally ' destroyed and the katy\u0144 memorial will be removed . 
  erm they did destroy all evidence including the wreck shortly after the crash ... also from what i know there isnt much of a memorial where the crash happened . 
  did n't you watch the videos where they are working on it with diggers ? 
  and the dog died during the launch ? 
  for how was it alive ? 
  ok i did n't click yet but i think they stoped using dogs for space trips no ? 
  yeah that is very true ... its like they only exist because humans domesticated their ancestors . 
  they can hardly sirvive on their own . 
  they rely on us and trust us . 
  dog abuse should be punished badly . 
  you 're absolutely right !, 
  i noticed that while playing the game few days ago . 
  my ps3 is little silly lately and most games i play from the harddrive so i thought maybe its because i played from disk . 
  the ps2 version definitely did not have this slowdowns . 
  i was playing it on ps2 for many many years and never noticed anything . 
  also what was funny but it 's prolly just me i was n't able to connect certain combos when playing on p1 side which worked perfectly fine on p2 side : /, 
  it is kinda hard with hei from what i remember but it works yes ... 
  is funny cause it looks like the finish guy is absolutely convinced he will dodge the incoming strike, 
  saying `` we together '' you mean usa and ussr right ? 
  zidane did what i usally do when i play fifa ... i 'm like ok some guys are tired ... lets see . . hmm whatever you and you go off you and you go in lol, 
  20min to go ... real is dying slowly, 
  hmm hard to tell but filipe lu\u00eds and koke are good at shooting penalties and they are both gone ... in the end you never know it 's about nerves and getting little lucky at the right moment i guess . 
  it 's crazy how a defender can have such an impact on a game . 
  he was like a man among kids in this game really . 
  i love the uruguay team they are in fact my favorite team in sa . 
  lol sry that was a typo shame on me, 
  congratulation to us but wtf ? 
  did cosa rica forget how to play football after the wc ? 
  they were giving the ball easily when attacking and most of the time they did n't even try to defend ... watch the jones goal ... what happened there ? 
  they did n't even try ... i do n't get it really . 
  i do n't know ... but cosa rica did not have a plan maybe they were overwhelmed or something but they played like an amateur team imo, 
  aha and how is that even worth mentioning ? 
  i mean is it worth mentioning that some christians will probably be playing football during the euro even on sundays ? 
  this is the same russian scum that was causing troubles in poland 4 years ago . 
  thanks god our riot police does not fuck around . 
  in france the stewards have to deal with that it seems . 
  that fifa ranking is just bs imo, 
  yes that happened but just because the hooligans got mad after the russians decided to beat up some stewards ... obviously some of the russians only came over for provocation and to cause trouble . 
  no our ultras do not attack innocent ppl they just do n't ... also all the trouble makers in poland are `` registered '' the police is controlling them well and most of the time they even coorporate with the police . 
  no way they will go abroud in big numbers . 
  this russians though ... 
  well every game was difficult for every team so far ... just hope they play with self-confidence because n. ireland they will sure be fighting like crazy . 
  it 's probably the most important game for us . 
  do n't be !, 
  if we loose we can at least sing ze sie nic nie stalo, 
  i hope he would n't be acting like he is the big superstar already ... he has his moments but sometimes he 's just a prick ... 
  well they have strong big defenders so it 's gon na be hard to score from a corner even if we get like 100 of them . 
  our game is to play fast counters were our strikers and wingers and dangerous ... it 's gon na be crazy hard to score . 
  they will be hoping for a counter a lucky punch or a set piece . 
  it was obvious they will be playing this game ... when there is no movement they pretty much neutralise our attack which is our strenghs of course . 
  pls stop, 
  yeah thats milik ... he can be briliant but sometimes he is just trying too much, 
  wtf is going on ? 
  yes at least in poland he is considered a good prospect .
