yeah unbelieveable ... did n't even show one sign of sorrow ... what an abominable lowlife thug, 
  somebody posted this image before :, 
  maybe i 'm wrong but from reading through the comments i feel like many users do n't understand that the purpose of the idol is clear . 
  it 's just that it 's older then than originally expected . 
   maximum adjective, 
  that was kinda creative i must say, 
  it is actually sad because it 's not just the workers who leave . 
  actually everybody with some kind of education and chances to get a job somewhere else would leave the country . 
  there is nothing that would make people stay in this country . 
  wow was your relative riding a horse while writing the letter ... ? 
   the only sport popular in north-america i regret we do not ` really ' play in europe , apart from the nordic countries . 
  what ? 
  ice hockey is very popular in europe . 
  this guy explains some things that happened in simple language ... he has english subtitles . 
  some of his videos dont make sense he is like an american polish cowboy - far right . 
  as i said some of the things he says in his other videos are just plain stupid . 
  but at least that one is worth watching i think . 
  poland already is a powerhouse inside the eu ... 
  i 'm watching both but the basketball game is way more exciting right now, 
  its crazy how quick he runs up and down the floor all the time, 
  get lost seriously ... leave ppl alone or something ok ? 
  this is not even worth discussing anymore . 
  this double standard kind of bs i did not believe till i saw it after pis got elected . 
  i 'm actually not a pis supporter at all ... looking at our politics from a global perspective you are probably right radioactive crater would probably be better lol ... to be honest though i could not care less at what german jounalists are saying ... most of them in fact do n't understand what is going on and are in fact biased ... today they actually had a good article that was translated from polish published by dominika bychawska-siniarska ... 
  first article i read in german news that was actually at least trying to understand ... 
  but you killed our president didnt you ? 
  looking at this bs what would you be thinking if it was your president who was killed ? 
  russia like gave us the middle finger cause we demanded lol po fucking party deserved it ... such country much wow, 
  how was this weird brother  ? 
  the man being attacked is saying `` it 's enough '' and `` it 's over '' a couple of times . 
  a woman says `` police '' and another man says `` behave yourself . 
  you need to behave yourself as everybody else . '', 
  i have no idea what happened before would like to know . 
  i just hope somebody did something after it happened . 
  if nobody stopped the still incoming traffic the guy might have survived but is obviously in big trouble as it 's kinda dark and he is there in the middle of the street . 
  or quite alot of people are making pretty good careers out of coming up with conspiracy theories . 
  that is a conspiracy theory no ? 
  you sir seem to be posting alot of bs on reddit do n't you ? 
  and it seems the threads where you can discredit poland seem to attract you the most ... 
  what the fuck are you talking about and who did upvote your bs ? 
  they `` accidentally '' destroyed most of the wreck even before anybody arrived at the scene . 
  stop what ? 
  any questions ? 
  \u00cd ca n't really help but i think the `` um '' in josephum is just the ending you add to the name in latin because of the grammatical case . 
  i do n't think its a ` k '' at the end in `` konstantewick '' ... i 'd say it rather looks like a `` ch '' the polish `` cz '' is pronounced like the english `` ch '' so it 's possible they just wrote the names down from hearing ... end as this name is obviously hard to pronounce for english speakers they just messed it up . 
  also the name below your grandfathers name is the name of his father and is `` michael '' ? 
  which again could also be polish `` micha\u0142 '' and they just wrote it down as english michael . 
  so searching for them you should stick to j\u00f3zef konstantynowicz and micha\u0142 konstantynowicz i think, 
  bla bla tey have been elected by the polish people while you have been looking into your monitor . 
  and as you might not know yet every action causes consequences . 
  what ? 
  i guess some people here already lost they sanity or are just drinking over the thurst, 
  i think the tuczepy you are searching for are most likely [ here ] ( https://www.google.at/maps/place/gmina+tucz%c4%99py,+poland/@50.4847409,20.9148178,11.46z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x4717e1516b1738ad:0x4bcc457dd8935db2 ), 
  according to [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/galicia_%28eastern_europe%29 ) this region was once within galicia and later became part of the modern polish regions of lesser poland voivodeship, 
  if it 's in fact the tuczepy i found on google maps and posted below then i think their names were probably spelled exactly like that micha\u0142 and j\u00f3zef . 
  according to wikipedia though :, 
  `` galicia had arguably the most ethnically diverse population of all the countries in the austrian monarchy , consisting mainly of poles and ruthenians ( the peoples known later as ukrainians and rusyns ) as well as ethnic jews , germans , armenians , czechs , slovaks , hungarians , roma and others . 
  in galicia as a whole , the population in 1910 was estimated to be 45.4 % polish , 42.9 % ukrainian , 10.9 % jewish , and .8 % german . '', 
  so if they were polish they were j\u00f3zef and micha\u0142 but then :, 
  `` it is , however , possible to make a clear distinction in religious denominations : poles were roman catholic , the ruthenians belonged to the ruthenian greek catholic church ( now split into several sui juris catholic churches , the largest of which is the ukrainian greek catholic church ) . 
  the jews represented the third largest religious group . 
  galicia was the center of the branch of orthodox judaism known as hasidism . '', 
  are you sure they were not catholic ? 
  which database did you use for your search maybe you used the wrong names ? 
  are you polish ? 
  what is your view on this matter ? 
  lets just discuss things here and not just do the same what is happening at the sejm because this will not get us anywhere ... all the polish people here seem to be just reddit hipsters or something without any common sense ? 
  it 's not really about the conspiracy theories people just talking about this are redicolous do n't even listen to them ... it 's about how all this have been handeled in the first place . 
  the conspiracy theories just went viral because there was no investigation at all !, 
  the po government just fucked it all up thats what pis supporters think and believe and imo they have all rights to do so . 
  maybe the plane just crashed because of bad conditions ? 
  we just dont know period . 
  russia did not help obviously maybe they were involved maybe they were not ? 
  they did not care and as nobody else cared we are still sitting here and talking about it while noone knows what really happend . 
  from what i know the tu 154 crash was not the reason they came to power silly you ... 
  if some officials fucked up on that matter though they need to be held responsible for this . 
  i do n't care which party they belong to but just to ensure this will not happen again period . 
  from what i remember the polish pilots were drunk and were told by lech kaczynski to land the plane even after the russian air controllers told them to not do it ... isnt this the official story people believe ? 
  that shit is pretty useless against decent players though, 
   that alcohol was consumed in the cockpit, 
  sorry but just after i read this i just ca n't take you seriously and you actually should be reported to reddit mods and actually also to polish officials for discrediting our nation ... what did they find ? 
  empty beer bottles inside the cockpit after the plane crashed right ? 
  do you really believe what you 're saying or are you just trolling ? 
  i 'm sick of people like you ... by no means you are any better then this pis government people like you are the reason why all this is actually happening . 
  wtf ? 
  po was in power for the last 8 years ... they did controll the media and they were discrediting pis whenever they could . 
  typical polish mentality `` how much are they paying you ? '', 
  no nobody pays me anything unfortunately . 
  you do understand that most of this tnansmitters are not public do n't you ? 
  do you expect tv trwam to be owned by po ? 
  haha nice ... what is more important is that anti pis propaganda was actually all over the place ... tvn ? 
  this is like russian rt. . . tvp public tv ? 
  who are the socialists you are thinking of ? 
  ok i 'll try to explain it again . 
  tv trwam is financed by donations ... whatever they say they are obviously biased but they do not influance public opinon as you have a choice to just not watch it . 
  tvp is polish public tv so everybody watches . 
  so they very well have the power to influance public opinion obviously . 
  i expect tvp to not be biased at all . 
  they just should come up with facts and facts alone . 
  i feel like thats not what was happening while po was in power .
