  if kk can walk her down she has a chance . 
  ca n't play nice and cute like valerie was trying fighting jj in standup only playing her game . 
  need to do something different . 
  it 's a one in a lifetime chance for karolina . 
  she can eat punches like cookies without getting stuned . 
  she definitely has a chance . 
  karolina will rearrange her face !, 
  i 'm also too lazy to look it up but i would go that far and say that probably each rm player makes more then the entire legia squad . 
  thats the clip this is from . 
  no clue what they were doing though . 
  the two guys are polish mma fighters i guess . 
  congrats fener  no i do n't care about internet points ... i 'm actually happy for them, 
  lol, 
  why is not being american a problem ? 
  i was trying to read her lips but i have no clue, 
  for me it 's tekken3 . 
  that game was just unreal when it came out . 
  i remember when i first watched a lei vs ling match my mind was blown !, 
  they fighting styles were so unique , all the stances , transitions and the freedom of movement . 
  the graphics and animations were so beautifull . 
  it was more then just a game , it was art . 
  they did . 
  people were talking about polish civil war for example . 
  you did n't pay attention i guess . 
  football is more popular worldwide then basketball . 
  edit : i just checked in 2016 it 's 1 ) ronaldo 2 ) messi 3 ) lebron james ( total earnings ), 
  this jacket looks good on woodley and karolina only . 
  i dont know ... probably about the same amount . 
  i read james signed a 1billion $ lifetime deal . 
  if ronaldo will be payed 43m $ every year for the rest of his life that probably more then 1billion ... anyway i only replied because from your original comment i understood you were wondering how much lebron gets if ronaldo gets that much . 
  as if lebron was a way bigger cash cow or something which is obviusly not true . 
  its look is sloppy, 
  thats a really poor cut out job though ... this edges are terrible . 
  i just did and it tells me it 's 21:00 thursday , in vienna which is actually now ... so did this press just started ? 
  that was pretty crazy to be honest . 
  didnt look staged . 
  karolina got too deep into jjs face ( cant hear what jj is saying here ) and she did the headbutt . 
  then they keep saying `` come , come '' ... then jj says `` you were playing all cute now suddenly you 're tough ? 
  i 'm gon na show you '' . 
  more `` come , come '' and `` im gon na show you '' from kk . 
  they are not friends ... they know eachother but they are not friends . 
  they fought eachother once already and did some promotions together or something . 
  but they are not friends . 
  it 's like fighting any other woman . 
  it 's only special because they fight for the belt and are both polish . 
  jj vs kk cause pepole were asking for a translation ... 
  after dana separated them, 
  jj : `` come on ! , trying to be sly ? '', 
  kk : `` come on ! '', 
  jj : `` first you 're trying to be cute , now suddenly you 're tough ? 
  i 'll show you . '', 
  kk : '' come on !, 
  you like to talk much ? 
  come on !, 
  cause i do n't like to talk much , i 'll show you ( show in the ring ) . '', 
  jj : `` yes ? 
  i 'll show you . '', 
  her english is very limited though . 
  conor also always brings the same answers ... 
  i think there were times when she was trying to scare her opponents with her staredowns ( before mma and ufc ) . 
  nowadays she knows they all shit their pants when they face her so she just uses it for her advantage . 
  it 's fighting ... 
  i like conor because he is actually not taking himself too serious and can even laugh about himself ... he just does not give a fook . 
  i do n't think karolina has problems making weight in this division while joanna actually cuts way more as she is taller and is very `` bony '' ( is this a word ? 
  i mean she has heavy bones ) . 
  look at her [ hand ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/llmujfe9o2g/maxresdefault.jpg ) compared to valeries who is taller then jj ... 
  nobody was expecting romanian fans to respect `` polish national day '' fuck it ... it 's sport and real thing ... we won you lost deal with it ... i still love you guys !, 
  that turbo though ... 
  romania friends dont be sad ... shit happens : /, 
  or if you win in the lottery and die the next day ... 
  i agree that nates chin is unreal but it was conor who was trying to survive their second fight . 
  karolina did good but i was expectinc more from her . 
  if they give her rematch they also should give khabib a title shot ... lets to card with conor vs khabib and jj vs kk in russia that would be sick, 
  bring ufc to ee ... conor khabib and jj andrade or maybe even kk claudia ... 
  wait why do british ppl misspell his name ? 
  it 's conor no ? 
  how is conor supposed to build up a hype to that fight anyway ? 
  he could not even talk trash to that khabib guy because it would always be an insult and lack of respect towards his whole nation and all his muslim brothers lol, 
  exactly , three times even ... 
  yeah conor certainly is trying hard to look bigger then ferguson on a fucking picture ... i mean what else would he do with his life ... 
  watch the guy in the background . 
  he is obviously trying to look bigger standing on his toes ... 
  how does a huge head contribute to ones height ? 
  to be fair though some of this guys he fought at featherweight are really small lol but who knows maybe he indeed has some insecurities ragarding his height . 
  i think it 's his beard that makes it look big . 
  what ? 
  they offered her to fight valentina at 205 and she declined ? 
  wth why ? 
  ronda is in her birthday suit in this pic no ? 
  you should either say the ufc is bigger then the nfl or ufc 205 is bigger then the super bowl ... you either compare the companies or the events ... 
  yes but she does not criticize the champ she only answers questions from a subjective perspective . 
  who is the small woman that is with dee devlin at all mcgregor fights ? 
  didnt they explain the rules to him or did he just not give a fuck ? 
   also , i would be thrilled for ufc in poland . 
  ufc has already been to poland but yeah another event with joanna and karolina would be nice ... 
  i see thanks for explaining ... so in the end when i type his name and spell it `` connor '' the irish will not be mad ? 
  is it some `` england and ireland '' are different kind of thing going on here ? 
  actually no i do n't, 
  is n't elmose suppposed to be quicker ? 
  she doesnt seem much of a threat .
