  lukaku stop they 're already dead !, 
  want see wnat see wnat see, 
  they played this counter as tghey know it would be a goal ... seems like they have good chemistry !, 
  happy for napoli and milik keep it up !, 
  why not make easier pass to his left ? 
  user name does not check out, 
  grzegorz pls why would you go there in the first place ? 
  maybe people who did not see him play said that ... he was decent for ajax . 
  scored some sick goals too which is good for an 22 years old ... 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6h1_lgfxkj8 like that, 
  i see napoli making serie a great again with this team ... 
  what were the odds how much did u get ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwo9dkl6tmc guys ... wtf is this keeper doing ? 
  check 0:45 at this vid ... 
  in 2014 legia beat celtic 2:0 away and 4:1 at home ( cl qualifiers ) . 
  during the first match legia subed in an ineligible player in the 86th min . 
  uefa decided that because of that illegal substituation the first game is illegal and gave a 3:0 win to celtic instead . 
  so the score was then 4:4 and celtic went through by the away goal . 
  did you actually watch the video ? 
  what i see there is dortmund fans jumping the fence and trying to break through the door to get to the legia sector . 
  very peacuful behavior ... but of course they were just responding to the violent legia fans . 
  that might just be high blood pressure u know ... 
  that is not right ... the \u0142 is not l , the y is not your i and the w is not your v. . . i 'm not even sure if sz = \u0161 and cz = \u010d, 
  as somebody posted above that 's how it is correctly pronounced http://forvo.com/word/jakub_b%c5%82aszczykowski/, 
  `` ngc 1068 ( also known as messier 77 ) is a barred spiral galaxy approximately 47 million light-years from earth in the direction of the constellation cetus . '', 
  how crazy is that ... 
  that 's what happens when you keep playing that crossbar challenge game . 
  play stupid games win stupid prizes . 
  what 's the big deal ? 
  americans obviously like him ... he is a young player with bright future playing for a big club . 
  many americans browse r/soccer ( notice how the sub is called soccer and not football ) . 
  so how is it a surprise when his goals get to the fp ? 
  i have to admit i do n't know exactly what it means ... can you explain pls ? 
  exactly . 
  still people keep making this `` hello fp '' comments as if they were nostradamus . 
  well what you just said is exactly my point . 
  i do n't know the numbers but if 70 % of the people here are americans then they will upvote their fellow american obviously cause they do n't have many players that might be worth it right now . 
  i also upvote any goal scored by lewandowski or milik :p, 
  actually beautiful build up where the last guy just chips it in . 
  if you guys do n't understand the difference between vidal and iniesta reddit indeed ca n't help you ... 
  is n't vaneks as well ? 
  was n't that supposed to be like : team na , canada and usa all advance to half final ? 
  great . 
  thx !, 
  yeah same for poland . 
  traveling 24h by bus will not only cost you the 24h on the bus but will also make you suffer from the ride for another 48h probably . 
  that might be ok for some teens but for somebody like me in the late 30s traveling 24h by bus is a no go ... 
  what is the situation in this group like ? 
  sweden is through and finland is out . 
  if russia wins today team na is out aswell ? 
  edit : nevermind they just explainrd it that sec on espn , 
  wow brett hull is an asshole : /, 
  what year is it mr. chelios ? 
  wow us tv is hard to watch, 
  dont forget to bring your coat hook so we know who women should really avoid . 
  wtf are those shoes joanna is wearing lol, 
  pretty standard imo ... no need to get angry yet so she is friendly . 
  they also know each other well . 
  the closer we get to the fight the nasier both of them will get . 
  quick google search : average mls attendence 2015, 
  1 seattle sounders 44,247, 
  2 orlando city sc 32,847, 
   and i serously doubt that the us is taking out russian proxies for the lulz . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  all double over stuns are escapable and so is pauls df4 ch . 
  nothing is guarenteed . 
  opponent just needs to hold any direction . 
  back works too obviously which will escape the stun and block immediately after . 
  in privious games the stun could only be escaped by holding forward . 
  which was way harder and an actual skill as many stuns did n't have much open frames for escaping . 
  in this game people will pretty much escape the stun by accident . 
  yes they are bullshit as they are not guaranteed . 
  thing is you might still connect it on some players if they refuse to escape the stun for some reason . 
  does not work in high level play but might work on really bad noobs so one might still want to know what would work . 
  that 's what you give to people if you go for a visit and do n't want to give any alcohol . 
  yeah also lukaku was the player who actually headed the ball after the corner . 
  would be nice if he scored . 
  we are trash ... this team is trash . 
  it will be a grind to top this group . 
  next game vs montenegro away ... they are gon na expose us if lewy wont score miracle goals . 
  everybody on this team beside of lewy and glik is struggling . 
  this team needs a reality check which is gon na happen in monenegro . 
  i dont like his glasses to be honest . 
  he pretends to be smart while i think he is not . 
  lets get rid of him ... 
  our team is trash ... thats note worthy . 
  the fight should ' v ended right here . 
  i mean jessica was not dead yet but she was only going back . 
  it was obvious she is done , the fight was over . 
  i also dated a muslim girl when i was younger and had a similiar story . 
  she started telling me that her father would be furious if he learned we are dating and she does n't know what he would do . 
  i thought ok maybe he will get mad a little but then i realised she was really afraid of him catching us together . 
  crazy . 
  this might be normal in argentina but he is the captain of the biggest club in the world so maybe he should be more carefull with what he 's saying when the whole world is watching . 
  also absolutely rediculous how half of the team goes down from that empty bottle hit . 
  was it an empty plastic bottle or a grenate ? 
  i 'm not an expert not gon na lie bit i think if kk somehow manages to bring the fight to jj she has a chance . 
  joanna goes down so easy sometimes . 
  she barely gets hit in the face because she just out maneuvers her opponents . 
  she went down from the first jab ghadelha landed .
