  how do they come up with that out of the blue ? 
  every fight it 's quiet and then suddenly they go `` ole ole '' and now the viking chant ... it 's nice though, 
  is there even one spanish fighter in the ufc ? 
  i do n't think mma is very popular in spain . 
  but ofcourse if they still can sell tickets for such an event why not . 
  andreas herzog was his assistent through all this years ... i do n't see herzog being a tactical mind . 
  never ever will van gaal take this job ... he can only loose, 
  that ball on the last goal was deflected and the save before vs pulisic was nice ... 
  both teams also set a new record for the most goals scored in a single ucl game ( 12 goals ) . 
  he 's a fucking pirate now lol, 
  he has ridiculous technique ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hlakptow3e he is way more then just a good striker ... 
  wait what ? 
  milik is coming back in few weeks already ? 
  like how many weeks ? 
  nathan ak\u00e9 reminds me of ruud gullit . 
  wait so he scored more then half of this goal in the 90th min ? 
  oh thx ... stupid me, 
  http://i.imgur.com/piqbsx8.mp4 that 's on the imgur fp right now lol, 
  why is zieli\u0144ski not starting ? 
  is this normal ? 
  i do n't think this is a unique polish behavior . 
  i live in austria and people do the same . 
  many young people prefer to stand next to the exit and leave after the secrament . 
  i feel like bayern management always does the right moves . 
  they treat the players with respect and not just as if they were pieces you use . 
  that 's something players appreciate alot and want to stay with the club i think . 
  them being one of the best clubs in the world also helps obviously . 
  widzew is always in my heart ... not living in lodz right now but i will be jumping of happiness the day we are back in ekstraklasa ( and we will ) !, 
  it 's pretty rediculous that the third biggest city in poland does not have any clubs in ekstraklasa btw ... \u0141\u00f3d\u017a derby belongs to ekstraklasa . 
  it 's because this hackers use the kuma pic on their website ... cbs probably has no idea where this is from . 
  during a ta !, 
  your char that came in will not get out as long as he remains in any stance or performs a string of hits . 
  this does not only apply ta !, 
  combos at the wall but to any ta !, 
  combo . 
  example :, 
  baek comes in and does fla f +3 ; f +3 ; 2 ~ 3 ( during all this hits he remains in flamingo stance ) ; 12333d +4 ( finishes with 6 hit string ) . 
  combo only works on ogre of course . 
  well if you get in without doing anything then yes you will stay in there . 
  the dummy will just fall to the ground . 
  you will do no dmg but at least you switched your chars , 
  you dont really have to go into fla for this btw . 
  if you do a ta !, 
  and do nothing with the char that comes in he will just stay in . 
  as soon you do a hit he will get out and the partner will be back in . 
  i do n't understand what your problem is btw ... there is no formula to this . 
  baek is pretty much the only char that can to this kind of stuff with his fast moves from fla. 
  the only formula is what i already posted : as long as yo0u stay in a stance or do a string the ta !, 
  char will stay in there . 
  you 're right ... not an end of the world at all ... i mean no way it 's a demonstration of disrespect towards the german president and to everything the country stands for ... no way . 
  well i ' v been to germany and from my experience putting the hand over heart was not a common way of saying hello anywhere i ' v been . 
  shaking hands was though . 
  same applies to my country . 
  i would n't mind if somebody would not want to shake my hand even though i would definitely think it 's strange behaviour but to not shake the hand of the president of a country where it is a custom ... that 's a sign of disrespect in my book . 
  ksw is in poland, 
   piss, 
  wow that 's really creative ... 
  yes that 's eactly why i do n't `` like '' khabib ... he is taking this money from his ppl ... do n't tell me this guy has that much money ... like from where does he got it from ? 
  this is the make russia great again kind of bs that i do n't respect ... 
  yeah i know ... that 's why i do n't like him ... my only reason, 
  well u/herecomestheburn already said what i was thinking about . 
  what khabib said on twitter just proved to me what kind of person he is ... i still respect him as a fighter !, 
  what is wrong with her pronunciation though ? 
  `` punchie '' `` strikie couchie '' `` clinchie '' hilarious, 
  i know that it 's still very strange . 
  it 's like she is making up her own language . 
  never heard other brazilians having such heavy accent . 
  maybe he said something to the ref ? 
  i mean when a player is being too aggressive sometimes it 's probably just better to send him off before he does something really stupid . 
  but i did n't see the game so there 's that ... 
  why does your graph has total 3 fighters from the netherlands while op has 4 ? 
  beside of that thx for making this . 
  he is hardly ever playing though . 
  would like to see him get more minutes . 
  seeing him sitting whole games feels like a waste with his height and skillset . 
  what does he mean `` no '' ? 
  just wondering how usada is testing this khabib guy if he hides in the mountains all the time ? 
  the state washington is where he clicked . 
  washington dc the us capital is on the other side of the country . 
  i 'm european and i know that many people make that mistake . 
  cool everybody is all hype about joe and nobody gives a fuck about marcin ... it 's a brutal sport i know :(, 
  his english is ok . 
  i also consider my english to be ok , i still have a very hard time understanding everything lauzon is saying when he talks that fast . 
  seriously how is that relevant to anything ? 
  this fights happened 10 years ago at a different sport ... 
  thing is valentina does n't even fight joanna ... she fights julianna pena . 
  what ? 
  vote in comments under the youtube video using hashtags ( video description ) . 
  polish handball player who lost one eye in a game against croatia few years ago . 
  he actually kept playing handball successfully after the injury . 
  as it is the very first thing that in being mentioned on any shevchenko thread , i do n't think there is anybody who does n't know that she beat joanna 3 times, 
  they are briliant !, 
  the thread already has 15 upvotes !, 
  stop repeating the bs russia was spreading before any investigation was even possible . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about so just dont . 
  that troll you replied to just posted that same comment like 10 times here ... with links to articles from january 2011 which repeat the results of russian `` investigation '' . 
  do i need to say more ? 
  have you been on the plane ? 
  how are u still alive ? 
  back when this happened pis was not in power dont talk out of your ass ...
