  tunisia 's team is comprised of young men from tunisia 's diaspora , with players hailing from countries including finland and canada . 
  you did not read the article correct ? 
  haha, 
  shaqu swimming, 
  i got you good , 
  forrest gump and lt dan are the only vets i ever met but i salute the guys who had to go there to kill ppl : /, 
  that guy is annoying wow, 
  happy birthday asain mum, 
  what are `` salt lake bitches '' sry for asking but i have nbo idea ... 
  so she just hopes to outwork her opponent ? 
  lol she got kod by a backfist ? 
  she needs to take a step back no ? 
  thats exactly why i 'd rather watch women fight ... they do n't have the power to do this kind of dmg ... i hate it to see somebody going down like this . 
  i mean our bodies are not created for this kind of shit ... i hope viktor recovers without any dmg . 
  you ppl destoryed all sports ... every motherfucker is eating some shit ... russians were doing it big but lol china in 2008 was probably like woooooo . . same with the americans ... they do doping for sure ... all this medal bs is useless they destroyed the olympics, 
  i just read all this in an very american accent and i do n't know why, 
  yo who gives a fuck ? 
  so they were totally not doing doping right ? 
  only russians and chinese do right ? 
  muricans do not cause they are being tested right ? 
  i 'm just wondering who is testing the testers ? 
  russia wants this conflict to go on forever . 
  stability is impossibe and ukraine can not be successfull . 
  then they can claim that turning towards eu was a bad idea . 
  no its cause they eat drugs, 
  they eat drugs and before they are being tested they know what drug they can eat so it is no doping lol ... wow cool ? 
  you ppl did not watch handball wc ? 
  lol he thought that white stroke was the ball :d, 
  next time he should just stay at home ... if you do n't understand what respect is then do n't participate in the olympic games . 
  maybe they can have their inner egyptian competition might be a solution ... 
  yep she is onside . 
  hard to tell what happened after from that angle . 
  need abetter view to judge . 
  well i guess hope solo might not be the nicest person but ppl are definitely overracting imo ... maybe the couching staff told her to do that or maybe she infact had problem with her gloves ? 
  haha you made me laugh thx, 
  nah i think he always looks like that, 
  yo where is boban ? 
  thats unfortunate i would like to see him play . 
  lol they are still alive dude, 
  congrats to us team for the win but wtf serbia ? 
  that was a sick game !, 
  great couching , great ball movement , jokic , raduljica , teodosic on fire and all players so calm and focused i ' v not seen them before ... sucks that bogdanovic three did not go in ... i was ready for more of this . 
  it was magical !, 
  the game against spain was close too . 
  was it the final ? 
  i do n't remember . 
  so if you do n't commit a foul after snooker it 's called escape ? 
  how is that possible ? 
  i started picking up bb when i turned like 16 and i always struggled even with making a proper left layup ... 
  thats not how you spell it , thats how you pronounce it . 
  well i 'm not an expert but how is fouling in this situation better then just defending ? 
  i feel like it does not really matter . 
  why not just defend man and take as much off the clock as possible ? 
  even is they score 2 points they will have to foul then you make the fts and you 're good no ? 
  that was one of the craziest matches in women tennis i ' v ever seen ... so fun to watch ... congrats !, 
  excuse me ? 
  how about you go watch a replay and fuck off ? 
  ok what exactly do you want to read ? 
  well they should first take care of all the drug eating motherfuckers who made this event useless anyway ... looking at you china muria and others ... 
  stfu u arrogant brick ... 
  wow that made me feel bad ... our world is going down ... 
  drug cheats, 
  it 's not about cheating it 's about not getting caught . 
  do you think they would ban and catch the russians without the whistleblower ? 
  as soon as an not american athlete dominates something they instantly call him a cheater . 
  but of course phelps who came back from a hard time even alkoholism lol he is clean ... 
  i do n't believe any of this hero stories no more . 
  they destroyed the sport . 
  where does this nick come from ? 
  you 're such a nice person not a thug . 
  beside of that i ca n't come up with a good name for your vlog sry : /, 
  well you ca n't blame anyone then yourself . 
  you guys wanted it to be like that right ? 
  with `` yourself '' and `` you guys '' i was talking about your nations and not about you as an individual of course . 
  funny how the three nations that qualified for the 1/2 finals at the womens tournament will probably reach the 1/2 final at the mens tournament as well . 
  who is the better team btw france or canada ? 
  at womens tournament of course . 
  i really do n't understand why i have been downvoted so badly . 
  i mean i did not mean to do any bad . 
  i was not trying to be smart or something . 
  i shoul not have said anything probably but to be honest your people attitude sometimes makes me sick . 
  i have a friend who i know since 20 years he is my best friend/real friend if you know what i mean . 
  i remember once we were going for a beer and he brought another friend who was also from croatia . 
  we were having fun and talking about sports , god , politics , everything ... at one point i asked where the serbian crest comes from . 
  this other guy got mad at me like crazy . 
  just that one question was enough to destroy the chemistry . 
  crazy ... 
  i was not fucking joking about the war ... i know more about this fucking war then most ppl and i did not do any wrong ... you ppol are crazy get your shit together and leave others alone . 
  35:14 serbia leading 2nd half now starting, 
  well it could have been a bottle and her head instead of her arm ... conor is prolly really mad cause he thinks his ppl are there because of him and ca n't be touched . 
  i think he will infact try to murder diaz in there : /, 
  if he wants to fight in teams he might try there, 
  reddit will not hate ... u won imo u deserve volleyball and football win ... brazil did good olympics i was watching all of it and lets go brasil !!, 
  thank you for hosting, 
  nah he gave up for a new fight ... conor should have killed that bum, 
  yeah definitely this was stange, 
  conor was so done in that last round . 
  when nate had him at the fence conor was constantly watching the clock . 
  the second time he looked up there were still 1:36 to go and you could see he was not sure he is gon na survive . 
  also after that take down few more seconds and it would have been over .
