  yeah and then he kills the whole team from behind, 
  from europe ? 
  how can it be waterson if joanna said it 's not waterson ? 
  or did n't they tell joanna yet and she is doing a camp without knowing who she will be fighting ? 
   possible reason why she 's hinted at retirement ? 
  no she said she will obviously retire sooner or later because she wants to become a mum . 
  she also said that she has no idea yet when she will retire . 
  maybe 1 year , maybe 2 maybe 5 ... 
  you are probably right but if they make joanna fight waterson she will be pissed probably because everybody else knew who her next opponent is gon na be but she did n't . 
  do you think they make her lie ? 
  that would be silly . 
  but yeah maybe they just did n't tell her . 
  there are other fights about to happen and and they probably want ppl to focus on those first . 
  well it is pretty much what beaks and hwos game is about . 
  preassure and mixups out of flamingo stance . 
  you will have to find the holes in your opponents game and interrupt_duck highs_low parry . 
  that game was sill very close . 
  this wc qualifiers are not over yet . 
  also holm should defend herself after the bell and not just drop her hands immediately imo, 
  i 'm a big fan of jj and as a pole i only got into this sport because of her tbh ... have to say i woulnd ' t mind if she loses . 
  would like to see how she handels it . 
  it would make the division more exciting too . 
  if kk fights claudia though i definitely want kk to win . 
  i did n't say i want her to loose . 
  i hope for a good fight and if andrade can get the win it would not bother me cause i know jj would fight back anyway . 
  i would like to see how she handles it . 
  i 'm kk fan yeah but not salty at all no ... there is nothing to be salty about . 
  probably ogre ... guy is pretty op in this game . 
  wm is unbreakable so is ws2 ... ws2 wm ff bk ff +1 +2 lol jin is probably the best char in t3 with ogre being second . 
  what do you mean with armor king leap and/or skyscraper ? 
  from what i remember wm into dash blazingkick into ff1 +2 is the best combo . 
  and yes i forgot about law !, 
  he was insane ... nina was very strong too . 
  0:0 was the result in warsaw ... 0:0 means extra time . 
  legia needs to win somehow . 
  no way !, 
  second fight with claudia was biggest challange . 
  with tuf and everthing ... she is getting stronger every day while andrade is not even on claudias level . 
  i remember when tmm was on atp saying he is lost against all that cheap chars and does n't want to put the effort to study them . 
  it seems like truth is he is lacking in the basics department cause hitting buttons after you just got hit by 1,2 punches is the most obvious way you could set yourself up for the ch b1 ,4 ... 
  haha failfish, 
  thinking that , if there is a god , he cares about khabibs weight cut is arogance if anything . 
  why not ? 
  is goran not one of the best pg in the nba ? 
  edit : may i ask why i 'm being downvoted ? 
  fined , dropped and faces a pay-cut ? 
  what did they do to witsel when he nearrly killed wasilewski ? 
  an accident ? 
  watch that video again ... you just do n't do that when you want to play the ball . 
  he actually did not end his career but it was nasty very nasty ... 
  well yes wasilewski was a cunt i guess ... thats why he was playing for anderlecht and for polish nt ... i guess he had his qulities . 
  to say he deserved this kind of injury is way over the top imo . 
  that 's really not fair towards the player ... i hope your comment got upvoted cause you translated it not cuase ppl actually support it . 
  this kind of stuff happens every day in football . 
  give him a red card and maybe a two games ban ... thats should be the max punishment imo . 
  `` dennis !, 
  where we are fighting ? '', 
  `` what ? '', 
  `` where we are fighting ? '', 
  `` hahahaha '', 
  i too saw the comment of the guy who saw the comment of the guy who saw the video as well, 
  also very impressive how he powered through that defender who was despretely trying to bring him down, 
  written and spoken english are like two different languages . 
  sometimes it blows my mind how they even managed to make it so complicated ... 
  zielinski is developing into a proper beast !, 
  that ball control and that pass ... i was always hoping for a player like him in nt and now we ' v got one and he is still so young ... i 'm in love ... 
  i know it might not be the right place for this kind of discussion but i would love to know how polish became your 2nd/3rd language ... 
  with `` 7 different word forms '' you mean noun forms ? 
  locative and vocative being special for slavic languages ? 
  thanks for the answer !, 
  from what you 're saying i 'm pretty sure your polish is good enough . 
  the grammer regardin the locative and vocative is very often even controversial among poles in many cases so there is no point getting deeply into it . 
  i left poland when i was 13 and i also just speak what i feel is `` right '' / what my family tought me . 
  yeah listening to radio is actually really helpfull ... other then that you 're a good person so that 's all that matters :d, 
  leave their logo alone . 
  when they decided what they want they will change it themself . 
  join discord group to coordinate our efforts . 
  after we decided how big the flag should be we can start thinking about adding this i 'd say . 
  people should join the discord group . 
  hello guys ... sry but some people we have no controll over are destroying the rainbow inside our flag ( 22,146 ) . 
  can we agree on a compromise ? 
  would your accept something like this : http://imgur.com/6utdtmf ? 
  if yes could you help us build it ? 
  otherwise please let us know what to do . 
  we are not invading . 
  we are organised building the polish flag and need your help to fight intruders off . 
  i send a proposition how we could solve this : http://imgur.com/6utdtmf, 
  edit : ( 14,142 ), 
  if you guys need help with your new locations tell us what to do ... sry for destroying your logo r/polska, 
  well i joined / r/polska discord group on the second day and we have been threatend by your guy to go away or he will fight us with his 5 accounts that all run bots ... so i do n't think it was us who were annoying cause our group was very respectfull towards everybody who was not too aggressive ... 
  i was defending you guys from the first second i jioned the group because your logo was really well done and nice ... really sucks it 's fucked up in the final version ... 
  this youtube channel features short videos of her trainings and some of der old muay thai fights . 
  thought i 'd share . 
  is there a reason why players use rabona ? 
  why not just use your left foot in this case ? 
  well you can enter tournaments using a pad ... so thats not why you should suddenly swich to a stick . . 
  thats a clean stomp if you ask me, 
  do you remember ? 
  yellow card ... 
  isnt it becuase he was boxing ?
