  yeah in polish it would be polacy/russian \u041f\u043e\u043b\u044f\u043a\u0438 = polaki ... but they use the word polacks when they want to offend us in english ... in german they would say `` polaken '' to offend us ... it 's common sense for us as i said we do n't really care ... they just do it . . subtle lol ... 
  well it is the case ... it 's not a complex it is a fact . 
  it 's really not worth a discussion do n't worry it 's ok . no , i was not trying to say that `` everyone is after us and everything they do is to get at us '' no ! ... as i said the hate is subtle ... it is there towards every eastern european they just do n't like us  and as i said it 's ok i do n't blame them ... they might have their reasons . 
  we just move on period . 
  facepalm, 
  welcome to the eu, 
  yeah funny isnt it mr perfectionist ? 
  ahhhhhhh, 
  your english seems to be decent still you dont know that the proper word is `` poles '' didnt the guy who is married to your sister tell you ? 
  yes `` my friend '' this does not belong on that soccer / r, 
   iceland was happy simply that they qualified at all . 
  how ? 
  with netherlands , czech rep , turkey they won 6 of their 10 games with 2 draws and 2 losses ... +11 gd ... how is that happy ? 
  they have a solid team and everybody is still understimating them . 
  poland beat usa 3:0 :p, 
  yeah that game was super close ... btw it was 3:1 not 3:0, 
  well last euro outcome was not very different tbh, 
  well that one did n't count ... 
  [ send this !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6oylfib1gi ) to cristiano, 
  whoever can score first goal will obviously gain a big , big advantage ... i think it 's a little more likely that poland will come back after conceding a goal then portugal though . 
  lewy will score his first goal today ... he will be hungry like a lion that did n't eat for weeks . 
  it 's not because we understimate portugal it 's just that we have a bad record vs croatia ... we would rather play argentina germany or brazil then croatia ... if it was a wc of course, 
  that 2006 win was so sick ... we dominated portugal just by fighting inside that crazy old stadium it was so raw and real , 
  same ... but in just 2 years next wc, 
  i really laughed out loud cause i used to play eas nfl few years ago ... but considering the teams playstyle and past performences i was just saying that whoever scores first is very likely to win ... ahh whatever ... 
  whoever wins fado music is the most beautiful thing humans ever invented, 
  well no reason to be sorry ... i just did n't get why you would suddenly switch to swedish when you comment in english . 
  it 's not about the internet ... i talk to people on the internet like i do talk to them in rl ... you obviously do not understand what i was talking about . 
  hard to defend for any team ... perfect scoss perfect finish, 
  i feel like portugese is the most beautiful language in the world really ... i want to learn it i want to understand the words so badly ... 
  wow seems like they do ... great, 
  feel like lewy will score at least 3 on them today kappa, 
  fuck me that was nice but i saw that coming, 
  do n't need many counterattacks ... 1 or 2 are enough, 
  lets fucking go ... allin fuck it, 
  refs been really good at that euro ... i like, 
  thanks, 
  we should not have lost to that team ... they dont have a team ... they got lucky, 
  gtfo, 
  i wish we have lost to the swiss ... we beat that great team and lost to that wannabe football champs ... fuckme, 
  i dont know how we lost to that shit ... as i said we should have lost to the swiss ... but we lost to that noobs, 
  yeah zdf is better ... i just instantly switch to austrian or swiss tv everytime it 's ards turn and they are having effenberg ... ca n't stand that guy, 
  what kind of data is that ? 
  i just checked the first link you provided and it 's a report from 2005 ... that 's over 10 years old mate ... just check this : https://www.rewardsforjustice.net/english/most-wanted/all-regions.html, 
  the most wanted terrorists ... looks like most of them are radical islamists, 
  pretty much all terrorist attacks since 2010 in europe were commited by islamists . 
  please just stop . 
  well maybe some of the assistant refs did, 
  hmm what would be the procedure if a team does n't have 11 players that are allowed to play ? 
  oh ... thx that would be funny to see, 
  why is luck always on the german site ? 
  i do n't get it ... 
  i do n't like that saying . 
  if you 're `` t\u00fcchtig '' then it was not luck . 
  luck does n't care who it is with . 
  ok neuer was very good he actually saved two , right ? 
  still it 's crazy that germany won all of their shootouts for so long . 
  look at us we won one and boom next game we had to loose one . 
  that 's how luck works 50/50 . 
  that would have been great ... neuer misses and buffon wins it ... 
  that 's pretty good congrats, 
  dude i 'm not italian but i remember i was watching a video when zambrotta , inzaghi , gattuso retired and i was crying like a baby, 
  oh that 's why i was missing him when they arrived in warsaw yesterday ... 
  well he moved to france when he was young and spend most of his career in france . 
  his gf is french and he will play cl with psg ... he won el twice now with sevilla and they finished 7th in primera division last season so there is probably no more potential ? 
  also he might actually get more attention at psg ... i remember i watched a polish video before the euro where he was walking through the streets of sevilla and was asking ppl what they think of the player `` krychowiak '' some ppl actually did n't get that it 's him ... they thought it 's just a polish reporter lol, 
  well he had one job you know nothing to be sad about, 
  that is fucking crazy ... imagine you could do this at your local discoteque ... instant hero, 
  my best is 10k in 1h05m ... been doing good but gained weight in the last 5 months and kinda need to start from skretch now :(, 
  yeah you 're right but it 's not like italy does not work hard right ? 
  thing is i know what to do ... i ' v been counting calories but do n't really need to do anymore cause i now have a good sense what i 'm eating as i 'm always buying same stuff ... i cook myself and do n't do fastfood ... i gained weight cause i have been drinking too much it 's crazy ... 
  nah we also have \u0107, 
   i still do n't see them getting past quarter finals, 
  the squad they got is kinda crazy ... they are always among the favorites to win the cl imo, 
  that 's not a nice thing to say about somebody you probably never met ... just saying, 
  god what is so wrong about her ? 
  did she do anything wrong ? 
  ww should not care about her should we ? 
  i dont like that guy, 
  i legit do n't give a shit ... 
  wait . . so if you win it all you actually never get faded ? 
  you also forgot to thank mum and dad no ? 
  i was being silly sry, 
  what seems to be the officer problem ? 
  i feel like at that moment joanna realised claudia is so tired she could even fight her on the ground but she thought `` actually why should i ? '', 
  i did n't watch tuf only saw some highlights when for example joanna tells claudia to go back to the jungle ... i guess that was kinda a stupid thing to say ... did joanna throw any more insults at claudia ? 
  also from what i heard joanna did say sry for whatever happened several times already . 
  during that one long interview with helwani few months ago she said it is all about the fight and nothing personal . 
  i think she was indeed sry that thing got a little out of hand . 
  ppl do n't realise that she is still kinda `` new '' to the whole ufc business ... she still wanted to be part of tuf even though her english is limited and many ppl were hating on her . 
  lol, 
  so they dont give birth to ppl in portugal ? 
  aaaand he 's gone, 
  we have a saying in german ... a man a word ... a woman a dictionary , 
  ohh are you angry ? 
  keep raging ... that 's what you people do best anyway . 
  i come from a country that has seen enough war terror genocide massacre during it 's history . 
  luckily i ' v been growing up in peace but the stories of horror i ' v heard from family members who went through it . 
  we do n't want war here no more .
