  edit : as a bonus fun fact about nazi-is parallels i would include the [ destruction of monuments ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/glade_of_the_armistice ) . 
   that way they 'll integrate rapidly . 
  wishful thinking . 
  a part of them sure is open minded ( especially if we are talking about young syrians and not afghans or pakis ... ) but simply being put in a neighbourhood full of natives wo n't erase a migrant 's upbringing . 
  frankly you seem to have forgotten that those migrants are n't people immigrating for ideological reasons . 
  if western virtues could take hold in their minds without authoritarian structures reinforcing those morals they would already have adapted after half a century of globalisation/americanisation . 
  these people come here not because they want to but because they are forced to . 
  thus they will align themselves with mainstream culture only when we stop wanting them to and start forcing them . 
  western penal codes are too lenient for orientals . 
  the right to asylum should always be in jeopardy for offending immigrants ... 
  full of fanatics ? 
  you mean the is ? 
  ridiculous . 
  cause there are at most 200 000 of their fighters . 
  probably more like  50 000 . 
  there are millions of able bodied syrians to fight those . 
  or are you implying that these ragtag thugs on toyotas are a fighting force too formidable to be beaten ? 
  you are right but ` fencing in ' mainland greece would force people who make it to greece illegally to seek out registration personnel . 
  i guess instead of a real fence a cordoned off border with motion sensors or some fancy stuff like that would prove sufficient . 
  tbh , if everyone would simply stop ferrying the immigrants further north free of charge it would probably also bring down their numbers since they would now have to save up even more money in advance . 
  true that . 
   a fucking fence around the island of lesbos ? 
  dude , would you chill out ? 
  i share your views . 
  but you have to read my sentences til they end : '' ... a fucking fence and stepping up the game of the greek * coast guard * . '', 
  i like where they are going but i feel their proposal intentionally only deals with the sterile new technology while failing to mention that we need to * force * people to work with that tech ... with fences and with guns . 
  but why do they plan the second step before the first ? 
  it should begin with building a fucking fence and stepping up the game of the greek coast guard . 
  uhhm ... are you aware that apart from hungary there are practically no fortified borders on eu territory ? 
  meaning as long as you can avoid the occasional police patrol you can do as you please . 
  it has been kind of in the news lately . 
  no one bothers to check the immigrants identity since there too many of them and most do n't have documentation . 
  so what is the point ? 
  to keep known criminals inside the eu ? 
  yeah i 'm sure it does the security of the outer borders a great deal of good that citizens have to get themselves scanned while the immigrants just march across the border with no one bothering them . 
  sorry but i do n't see the point of this as long as * anyone * can just walk over the border like it does n't exist . 
   question of whether moral universalism is even desirable try to look at it that way : the existence of nation states is a compromise between the need to effectively cooperate under a common framework of societal norms and the contravening desire to be free from tyranny . 
  because that 's what democracy is : tyranny of the many against the few . 
  no constitutional smokescreen of minority protection can obscure the fact that the the majority * has * the power to impose their desires on the minority - even if the sometimes chose not to go for it ... now consider if you will how widely the mindsets of people inside a group as homogeneous a nation state with a single cultural background differ and tell me how further fracturing the political landscape of a country by increasing the poplutaion 's diversity can help a nation 's ability to produce viable compromises . 
   assimilation requires openness and friendliness you mean we ignore muslims ' ass backwards views just like we ought to fraternize with neo nazis and hope they will eventually come to see things the way normal people do ? 
  because that 's bs . 
  we should antagonize islamists the same way we collectively oppose scientology . 
  we have to fight for the minds of their youngsters exactly as we instinctively do - by making islam ` uncool ' . 
  yeah !, 
  how bizarre to expect people to get in tune with mainstream culture in the country they themselves chose to settle in . 
  must be a nationalist plot to further alienate immigrants ... 
  of course !, 
  fencing off the borders is fascism . 
  instead let 's set up a database for facial scanners so cctv can finally track everyone ( with proper papers ) ... 
   they come here to convert you to their religion sweetheart , they would be shitty muslims if they would n't try because its in their fucking handbook to spread god 's life style advice . 
  you probably live in the suburbs or something since you do n't seem to have seen the nice bearded guys handing out funny books to pedestrians . 
  hint : those are muslims trying to convert people . 
  i would n't say i do n't like them . 
  their families are close . 
  that 's cool in my book . 
  it 's just totally naive of you to think they wo n't try to live according to their customs - even if those run contrary to our laws ... anyways have fun believing what you believe . 
  yeah . 
  totally the same thing . 
  all those eastern europeans flock to munich . 
   comparing them to neo-nazis , when almost half of them are kids yeah . 
  because half of them * are n't kids * . 
  and most of those are adolescents . 
  now tell me what age bracket most neo nazis fall in ? 
  are you seeing my point now ... ? 
   i assume you are opposed to immigration as long as the immigrants do n't agree with your values ? 
  look , my concerns are n't rootet in some latent cultural superiority complex . 
  we differ widely on a cultural basis thus we will have to compromise leading to a diminishing quality of life for immigrants as well as citizens . 
  i also do n't fear that europe will lose its soul or what have you . 
  there is nothing metaphysical about it . 
  i just do n't want a seizable minority of maladapted and ( as a result ) disgruntled folk acting out their frustration with european society . 
  call it nimby-ism if you must but at least try to actually counter my point please . 
  my solution to the demographic problem ? 
  setting aside the chances of immigration from within the eu i would advise you to keep calm and [ enjoy the benefits ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/germany-birth-rate-rises/a-18664819 ) of trying to emulate the scandinavians ... 
   `` 38.5 % of the syrian refugees are 11 years old or younger . '', 
  that 's dandy and all but it also means the over 60 percent of them will have been raised in an environment with norms contrary to western ideals . 
  that amounts to how many ? 
  some half a million people this year alone ? 
  i 'm not saying none of them will fit in . 
  but even half that number is disconcerting . 
  imgaine if you will a different wave of immigration with hundreds of thousands of neo nazis heading for germany . 
  would you want that ? 
  do n't you think we already have enough dissent in public debate here ? 
  none of those far left idealists calling for the abolition of nation states wants jihadists to gain traction . 
  why let them in then ? 
  why do n't we at least screen asylum seekers * before * becoming burdened with the responsibility for their well being ? 
  the israelis already conduct mandatory psychological evalutions prior to letting people cross the border ... take a good look at afghanistan where a violent minority is halting an entire nation 's progress just because they are the most ruthless faction around . 
  of course the german republic is n't exactly defenseless but why should we embark on such a risky endeavour ? 
  i think its worth the money to actually * save * these poeple . 
  but they could be safe in turkey or in greece . 
  i 'm just not really cool with setting them on track to gain residency and eventually citizenship/voting rights . 
  honest question here . 
  have you been to the middle east ? 
  i do n't believe that this is the end of europe or shit like that . 
  but nonetheless you ca n't deny that people that spent their formative years surrounded by a backwards culture will * in general * have trouble adapting to a progressive one . 
  trouble can mean various things . 
  be it actual crimes or just spreading their bothersome beliefs . 
  it is mighty fine of us to let them live here but other than the projected demographic benefits what is there to gain ? 
  you know that ` the road to hell is paved with good intentions ' - do n't ya ? 
  through its naive idealism and undeliverable promises this adorable little document called grundgesetz appears to a lot of people as nothing more than a cynical caricature of political grandstanding . 
  to put it bluntly : germany is either not willing or not able to remedy the fact that around 15 % of germans live below the poverty line despite trying to escape their situation .
