  are horny people more deserving of your compassion then greedy smugglers ( or some drug mule with financial troubles ) ? 
  because it would be vetoed ? 
  * she * might be fine but i imagine that the hungarians would beg to differ . 
   a ship carrying a turkish flag if it sits inside greek waters the greek navy can do about anything with it - legally even . 
  i mean it 's not like the greeks of all people would have spent the last decades training for their chance at shooting turks or anything ... 
  the thing is , the only thing the bundeswehr can go up against in its current state is a bunch of rag tag refugees - so realistically there is only one way the whole mess can paly out : the rest of europe decides to put an end to this german made crisis by closing the borders and merkel finally shuts up about the quota crap . 
  i would be cool with letting them all in regardless of their beackground if we could reliably keep citizenship away from them ( and their children ) for a few decades so troublemakers could be easily be dumped in some random third world refugee camp . 
  better yet , extend the deportations to the criminal 's family so that potential offenders are kept under close watch of their relatives . 
  it should be their duty to get acustomed to our norms and not our burden to `` integrate '' them . 
  the eu is up in arms over one or two million muslim migrants . 
  there is no way the turks are going to be accepted in eu in the moment . 
  this proposal is just one of merkel 's usual sideshow distractions . 
  she recently stated that the migrant crisis can only be solved with turkey 's support when in reality it can only be forcibly ended through deployment of european armed forces directing the migrants back where they came from , which would put turkey in harm 's way . 
  there 's no way the turkish government will agree to such a scheme so conflict with the turks is inevitable . 
  thank you . 
  i personally do n't get why anecdotes are looked down upon . 
  life itself is anecdotal ... 
  may i ask why ? 
  the causality is glaring , is n't it ? 
  the peripheral states are left alone while the transit sates are allowed to herd the people towards germany . 
  so far merkel has done nothing to secure the german border and apparently not enough to guard the schengen borders . 
  the failed attempt at bribing erdogan into closing * his * border took away what little respect i had for her because it was both stupid ( if the boats can reach italy from lybia there sure as hell could reach greece from syria if turkey would suddenly be off limits for them ) and a disgrace . 
  if turkey can stem against the tide then europe could too . 
  germany is just to afraid of having amnesty international or what have you flaming them in the press . 
  that level of self deprecation should be disgusting to every german . 
  funny what all these people in denial of reality seem to see in germany , is n't it ? 
  to them germany is rich as the us , the germans are law abiding as the japanese and the german government is progressive as iceland 's . 
  the truth is germany is mildly better organised than the average european country . 
  that 's it ... 
  i mean there are whole factories staffed with illegal immigrants in italy . 
  why would n't there be something like that in germany ? 
  man , i 'd totally read your scare stories , seriously . 
  care to post and link these stories somewhere more accepting ? 
  you are correct and non of this is any more demanding than making a living in their country of origin . 
   renting if you rent from a private person it 's totally up to them how much documentation they require from you . 
  in that regard german landlords are actually somewhat lenient especially compared to france . 
  edit : also sub-letting is * rampant * here . 
   in short , it is a complete non-story and we 'd be better served with discussions about how to solve problems . 
  i 'm not trying to be a smart ass here but if successful integration is so hard to achieve would n't it be preferable if we 'd simply not let the need for integration arise ? 
  like for instance curbing the immigration of culturally vastly different people ? 
  i do n't get what you mean . 
  there is a benefit system . 
  [ this source from august ] ( http://m.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/a-1048432.html ) says they get 140 euro * cash * . 
  the war part is right though . 
  add to your list of war torn countries lybia and palestine oh and somalia and sudan ... actually just keep adding half of africa . 
  see were this is going ? 
  a million welfare recipients more is manageable but 50 million probably not so much . 
  the crisis is never going to stop unless we stop accepting the people with open arms . 
  at some point we have to either start shooting or start sending them somewhere else . 
  and no - there wo n't be any terrible diplomatic backlash . 
  just like there was n't any when australia shut her borders . 
   you do n't strip them oh get out ... 
  i know nothing about czech penal regulations but i would bet you money that they make you strip down before you get sent to prison . 
  it 's common sense . 
  do n't make this seem like some gestapo move . 
  they broke the law by entering illegaly so a brief stay in a ( pseudo - ) prison should n't come as a surprise to them . 
  yeah germany has the obligation to not attract thousands of illegal foreigners by handing them money on arrival . 
  at least not if it tries to dump them on the rest of europe afterwards by way of a forced quota system . 
  heard about the plans to unify european military forces ? 
  i guarantee you once there 's a central military to feel safe behind the national forces will be disbanded for economic reasons soon enough . 
  after that all bets concerning what the eu can or can not do are off . 
  hehe for once i did n't mean small time politics when writing ` mundane shit ' . 
  i was of course referring to facebook and such . 
  people love hearing themselves talk and they like getting heard . 
  being just a tiny voice in a choir of millions still gives a chance of having your 15 min of fame . 
  i think the young folks call this going viral or something ... 
  i mean you yourself seem to spent your time arguing with strangers on the internet and the voting system here does n't even pretend to give you the least bit of influence . 
  anyway i maintain that daily e-voting will do to politics what texting did to personal relationships . 
  the quality of discourse will suffer and people will feel required to comment on irrelevant shit non stop . 
  but man will it do wonders to people 's self esteem and level of caring for stuff . 
  when it comes to elections right now we are practically living in pre-internet times writing letters or physically meeting up to keep engaged . 
  we can either ignore progress and wait until iceland introduces modern technology into its political system or make the first step ourselves . 
  you do n't have to . 
  people could still decide to agree with their ` expert ' of choice by granted him the right to vote in their name temporarily . 
  these experts would likely have some form of pr team behind them to promote their stance on things not unlike the current system ... but it would be myriads of ` one man parties ' ( and their aides ) . 
  voting could occur daily . 
  split a person 's vote manifold , based on categories like taxation , education , diplomacy , etc. 
  so people do n't have to compromise on a specific issue because their favourite candidate calls for options a and b why they themselves would prefer a and c. young people already spent most of their time online discussing mundane shit . 
  give them the feeling that their voice on complicated stuff matters and they will start discussing once boring things . 
   nobody is bringing people you are splitting hairs . 
  germany is drawing in the boatloads of fortune seekers by handing out prize money , i.e. 
  letting asylum seekers access the welfare system . 
  you can shake your head in denial as much as you want but this whole affair is on germany and its inability to rid itself of defunct legislation . 
  germany could change its constitution if that 's what it takes . 
   this is n't the german empire . 
  but it will become one over time . 
  look at the usa and its history of failed secession attempts . 
  it 's high time for the uk to bail if you want to avoid to become like schizophrenic texas acting all tough and self sufficient while simultaneously bowing down to every word coming out of the central government 's mouth . 
   direct democracy might sound great , but it really is n't . 
  got a source for that ? 
  and please do n't give me the old `` hurr durr the french revolution was n't all fun and games ! '', 
  line ... the simple truth is that it has n't been tried properly . 
  now that we live in the information age were pretty much everyone in the younger generation has had access to higher education there is no point in voting for people instead of ideas . 
  you are essentially saying people are too dumb to be taken seriously . 
   another problem you will get is that the majority will vote for what suits only the majority and without direct democracy nobody 's going the easy route of populism , right ? 
  you 're implying that politicians are both more far sighted and more altruistic than the average voter . 
  i do n't know if this is true or not but make no mistake here : you are already trusting the judgement of the average voter by being governed by whatever politician * he * thinks is right . 
   governing and law making are difficult issues . 
  uhhm ... yeah that 's exactly why you should n't leave them to incompetent dweebs like orban and the like . 
  i 'll trust the wisdom of the crowd over a few so called experts that have been entrusted with safeguarding society by being more * agreeable * .
