  without wanting to tell you what to get offend about ... keep in mind this kind of depiction usually tries to get something across , you know , visually . 
  so do n't you think the guy could be meant to be seen as an allegorical stand in for the greek state in its current bad shape ? 
  why do you want to turn an obviously political cartoon into a statement about the personal hygiene of a nation ? 
  i do n't claim to know whats good for ireland but to want out of the union cause you feel the continentals are all assholes seems a bit of stretch ... 
  so there are less tactfull people than you somewhere out there . 
  how is that news ? 
  is ireland full of compassionate people that actually give a damn about their neighbours ? 
  maybe i should take a vacation there . 
  neither one is an example of racism . 
  the greeks are n't a race and neither are the germans . 
  it s just caricature . 
  its whole purpose is to exaggerate ... also discussing the implied statement here ( something along the lines of `` those funny greeks turn down an offer of free money to demand another offer of free money '' ) would be more fruitful do n't you think ? 
  regardless of the sarcasm thing what 's your view on the matter ? 
  i mean we would n't have to torture them if we had n't let them come here . 
  but let 's be honest , human rights and all that jazz are wishful thinking . 
  is n't grabbing a suspect forcefully , locking him in and destroying his social standing by sullying his name in the process of an investigation also a form of psychological torture ? 
  but we ca n't really do away with pre-trial confinement either so in a way we already torture perfectly innocent people every day . 
  hate speech laws are already a form of thought-policing so why should n't we attempt to psychologically profile middle eastern parents ( or just everybody with kids ) and take their children if they show hints of radicalism ? 
  so you are saying that today 's migrants ' children are tomorrow 's terrorists . 
  if this wo n't convince europeans to open their door even more to middle eastern migrants nothing will . 
  so what ? 
  might is right , mate . 
  ca n't change that . 
  wan na know how muslims became dominant in that region ? 
  [ go ahead and read ] ( http://www.genocidetext.net/iags_resolution_supporting_documentation.htm ) if you can stomach it . 
  i 'm quite pleased with having an outpost of western modernity in what would otherwise be a sea of muslim repression . 
  do n't fret about israel turning too far left . 
  they are cunning . 
  they let the vast majority of their children gather first hand experiences of what it means to fear for your life as a target of muslim insurgents by having them join the idf . 
  that 's bound to be an eye-opener for liberal kids ... 
   so closing european borders to immigration would do very little . 
  well well , what 's your plan then ? 
  letting in more radicals ( or shall i say ` true believers ' ) ? 
  cause among every hundered quite symphatizers we let into europe there 's going to be one loud hard ass who is n't afraid of dying to spread his faith or whatever it is they do . 
  when the extremists get more numerous herd mentality kicks in like it did in germany in 1933 and suddenly all the muslim folk ` just wanting to live a quite life ' will join the ranks of the extremists . 
  they already grow stronger day by day through the power of reproductive biology and you want to let in even more of them ? 
  wait until they feel strong enough to revolt . 
  you do know that india and pakistan were n't always two different countries , right ? 
  we need a better contingency plan than ` turn thy other cheek ' and you know it . 
  what bleeding heart sjws like you miss is the fact that beirut was part of western civilization since roman times . 
  for a long time it was a rather cosmopolitan place in which different confessions coexisted peacefully . 
  when the french granted independence to lebanon it only took a few decades until foreign arabs - the plo - supported the local arabs to turn the country to shit like they always do . 
  and ever since people are n't shocked any more when there is jihadist violence there . 
  i bet you 'd see a different reaction if beirut was hit by an earthquake . 
  uhhm ... sure thats not because * we * take way more of those asylum seekers , bro ? 
  yeah i 'm with you mostly ... although i 'm torn between wanting to see criminal immigrants dealt with domestically ( because justice probably should n't be that selective ) and having them dumped on some refugee camp ( why should we be burdened with penal expenditures incurred by non-citizens ? 
  we do n't pay for prisons in the third world either ... ) . 
  if you are concerned about the well being of a repatriated * criminal * in his home country you should probably be concerned about his law abiding countrymen too thus your line of thinking inevitably leads to interventionism/neo-colonialism . 
  my two cents regarding the wisdom of unhindered immigration concerns the comparative robustness of european societies . 
  since european societies are democratic they are politically far more sensitive to importing any kind of culturally homogeneous groups like arabs ( who are of course on average more ` conservative ' than western europeans ) than the autocratic middle eastern states would be . 
  let 's entertain the thought that for some reason massive numbers of scientologists would suddenly start immigrating to the seychelles . 
  do you think the natives there would care whether those arriving scientologists are actually decent guys on an individual level ? 
  or would the natives see them as a religiously unified collective menace to the established societal order ? 
  i would be cool with fixed quotas of ethnicities necessitating that a certain number of arab immigrants is offset by an equal numbers of asians or africans . 
  it 's their mindset not their appearance we terrible terrible racists are weary of . 
  you can clearly see by visiting the middle east that these migrants ' homes feature a somewhat medieval culture by modern standards . 
  now if the people fleeing those countries would be dissidents like the law they 're taking advantage of originally supposed i could see them integrate ( read : assimilate ) in european societies . 
  unfortunately for us the current wave of migrants is made up of middle eastern average joes aka guys deeply rooted in the defunct societies they 're now fleeing from . 
  but hey feel free to carry on believing that people 's upbringing does n't shape their world view . 
  do n't waste your time with tools like him . 
  i bet he tells his children to not trust strangers yet cringes when adults stick to the same line of thinking because * dats racism * ... pathetic . 
  huh ? 
  so when you see brown skinned people eating bananas you inadvertently think of monkeys ? 
  way to go , hitler !, 
  so i am getting this right ... you do n't like the * colour * of these peoples ' faces?would you rather see * white faces * on these actors ? 
  wtf , dude ? 
  you should probably quit whining - literally complaining about peoples ' faces being too brown for your liking wo n't get you many friends here . 
  * if * policemen would really be conditioned to associate skin colour with rioting white actors would also unfairly condition them to be more agressive towards white people meaning to counter that they 'd have to simulate crimes being committed by every ethnicity imaginable ( including brown people ) to to fairly represent the ethnic diversity of real life criminals . 
  to * you * racism is not ok . other people think differently . 
  to me those people are assholes . 
  but being an asshole is not illegal neither in austria nor in germany . 
  since all ethnicities are equal all of them will be to some extend comprised of assholes - denying that would be * racist * , i hope you see that - you will encounter racism everywhere you go . 
  if some immigrant called me a racial slur i would ignore the person and get on with my life . 
  his visit from the police was more of a sign of bored policemen than of institutionalised racism and his bustop encounter just a case of a silly old hag being a silly old hag . 
  some people always have to criticise other people . 
  if this elderly lady had n't found an english speaker to unload her rants on she would have scolded some german speaking guy for not being polite enough or some other shit - in conclusion : having to deal with a few assholes should be a small price to pay for saving literally thousands of pounds on education ( seriously , british schools are greedy ... ) . 
  while i totally respect your right to say ` fuck it ' to war you should keep in mind that apart from the few wars mostly fought by mercenaries or professional revolutionaries pretty much each and every war has been fought be `` simple man wanting to live simple lives '' . 
   i miss the days when europe occupied 90 % of the foreign news aww , i feel you bro . 
  not that i was around when it was newsworthy but still i miss the days when all we had to worry about was whether all the kebab stands the anatolians we invited were opening would replace the traditional german cuisine for good or not . 
  nowadays african asylum seekers are snatching water fowls out of metropolitan ponds to eat them ... 
  i guess austria will * barely * manage to get along without this guy . 
  you always have to take the good with the bad i.e. 
  the racism with the comparably cheap high quality education he was taking advantage of . 
   america should be barging around imposing its will on others the us is in no way perfect but you have a lot to be proud of . 
  human rights by definition transcend national borders . 
  so yeah please kick in the door when there is a genocide to stop . 
  even though it should n't have to be your job . 
  it 's preferable to try to make as many of these barbarians as possible see things the western way while we still can militarily instead of trying to wait it out and hoping that acquiring wealth will make them more civilized ( looking at dubai invalidates this line of thinking pretty thoroughly ) . 
   wait so i thought europeans were against ... pshh , do n't tell anyone of my fellow germans but i 'm all for colonialism 2.0 and using the ( air dropped ) stick instead of the carrot when dealing with backwards countries . 
  dragging the middle east into the 21st century militarily did n't succeed last time because you guys were too lenient in the aftermath ( and of course because pakistan 's shady business of aiding the ` freedom fighters ' ) . 
  it should have be handled like vietnam : every village assisting the enemy gets razed until there are no more hiding places for the guerrillas . 
  the west ca n't stay away from the brown people 's plight anyway . 
  the record numbers of refugees made that pretty clear . 
  but if they have to drag us into their petty wars the spoils should go to the west . 
  it 'd be a win win situation for everyone ... the us can go in and grab anything of value/privatise the hell out of the country to the benefit of american firms , the native youth is send to schools that leave out the religious bullshit and europe can stop pretending it cares for refugees . 
   i 'm honestly not even sympathetic of people who are executed in dubai or oman or whatever for smuggling drugs . 
  uhhm ... that 's not the only thing they ditch out death sentences for , you know ? 
  i guess it does n't leave you cold when they stone adulterers ? 
  or do you believe they had it coming , too ? 
  i 'd like to know where you draw the line .
