  it 's not like we live in a meritocracy . 
  the political game is an outright popularity contest where people win on the mere promise of taking care of a single important issue then fuck up both the important and unimportant issues while being reelected the next year since people do n't want to ` throw away ' their vote by voting for a fringe party . 
  even the shittiest possible implementation of direct democracy has to be better than the current state of affairs . 
  he means ` hisown ' . 
  it was a short lived ethnic novelty food item in the 80 's ... like everything in the 80 's it was really cheesy . 
  the refugees are muslims whereas the people leaving the balkan states are mostly christians . 
  i personally would n't give a shit about other people 's religion but they themselves do n't want to practice their god fetish privately . 
  look around any major western german city and you 'll find mosques being built ( there is one 100 meters down the road from my place ) ... and that in a time when everywhere else churches are closing down because native europeans finally had enough of the spiritual circlejerk that is organised religion . 
  the core principal about organised religion is to elevate one 's own superstitions to the status of divine truth and then go about collectively forming a society according to these beliefs . 
  it 's written down right in their holy handbook that they should try to impose on others their worldview - which to be clear appears to a particularly shitty one . 
  so even if i for some reason would buy into the argument that it 's somehow europe 's responsibility to provide a home to middle easterners having lost their home at the hands of other middle easterners i 'd still say no thanks to muslims . 
  to put it bluntly i 'd take a gipsy over a muslim every day . 
  irrelevant , since the majority of the refugees are coming to europe via ship and frontex is picking up lots of them so the situation is comparable and the logistics of long term interdiction missions are partially already set up . 
  what europe lacks is australia 's policy of sending them back . 
  but of course we would n't even have these numbers of migrants to begin with if we 'd simply stopped granting them asylum and started efficiently repatriating ( or intern ) them . 
  apart from that it stands to reason that ` right wingers ' should actually be encouraged to cross paths with migrants in order to get acquainted with them . 
  all in all if middle easterners can realistically be expected to overcome their traditional beliefs and adapt western values once they are here why should n't a similar change in the beliefs of xenophobes be expected if they are exposed to these wonderful new countrymen long enough ? 
  the moment somebody trying to illegally cross gets shot at no one but the suicidal will try getting over the border any more . 
  you do n't have to keep everyone away though . 
  because once the migrants start to pile up on the croatian/slovenian border they would be croatia 's problem prompting them to close their borders meaning your soldiers would be home within a week or two . 
   i am against migration in this manner and into europe in general , but we will have to be tolerant of those that made/make it . 
  why not finally close the borders then ? 
  it can be done . 
  look at hungary ffs . 
  but ... but ... you do n't have to process anyone . 
  the sooner utter chaos breaks out the sooner everyone can just pull a stunt like hungary and build a fence which is the inevitable conclusion to all of this . 
  trying to manage the influx will just prolong the crisis . 
  just tell them which way to go towards austria and they will fuck off voluntarily . 
  once the austrians are overwhelmed with their numbers they will deploy the army . 
  then you do the same . 
  problem solved . 
   stop registering everyone and get rid of the police on your border i 'm not even kidding - i actually want this to happen because not being greeted by registration personnel would indeed make it physically harder for them to claim asylum . 
  also it would make for some chaotic imagery of the migrants crossing the border . 
  instead we try do the same as slovenia and pick them up directly at the border . 
  if this would stop instead of the pictures like the one we are discussing here we would see unrestricted immigration for what it really is : utter chaos . 
  i say let them walk * all the way * . 
  of course germany will register them because they want to stay there . 
  getting processed at the german border actually takes pressure off the registration services in the big cities ( which are of course overrun ) . 
  the point is that the migrants will actively seek out registration personnel themselves in the country they want to apply for asylum . 
  so slovenia could do away with all the hassle and just do n't register them at all because they will all be registered one way or another . 
  i 'm not even sure that anyone apart from some statistical bureau does much with the slovenian data anyway . 
  at least inside germany the different organisations like social services and the police never fully cooperate/trade their databases . 
  in solvenia 's case the migrants could and should be completely ignored because the treks would eventually leave by themselves which makes this problem a very temporary one . 
  instead they are given the attention of slovenian officials so that they do n't even have to feel like illegal foreigners any more . 
  do n't you understand that every little courtesy measure like giving them food or providing transportation only encourages them and the next wave of migrants in turkey to go ahead ? 
  they should have to walk all the to germany/sweden . 
   it is each country 's responsibility to protect it 's borders . 
  could n't agree more . 
  i have just trouble seeing how these registrations that transit countries go through with provide a benefit to anyone involved . 
  i mean it 's not like slovenia actually sends anyone back not meeting the criteria of a genuine refugee because nobody is seeking asylum there . 
  so people are just asked their name and nationality before being allowed to continue uncontested , right ? 
  the registrations are evidently being done as a smokescreen to steer the public 's attention away from the fact that the only country actually taking care of their border is hungary . 
  are n't they just marching through the country en route to austria ? 
  for slovenia the problem will literally * go away * by itself ( at least once winter sets in and the migrants stop coming ) . 
  in reality migrant destinations like sweden and germany are the places needing help - long term help - from the eu . 
   driving xx people unanounced sorry if that comes across as a bit harsh but do you think the migrants announced their arrival to the croats/serbs/greeks who had to herd them through their territory ? 
  not that nations should n't be obliged to cooperate on things like this but i guess they are just overextended at the moment . 
  also why do these people need to get escorted/registered by the slovenes ? 
  if their goal is to reach germany they will do so with or without the intervention of slovenian officials ... 
  you are wrong , kid . 
  every nation with an army has rock solid standards about who is considered ` able bodied ' and who is n't . 
  but no kind of regulations is set in stone ... as seen when hungary threw the schengen stipulations out of the window . 
  psychologic evaluation may be cumbersome and error prone - but try to ` look inside the heads ' of a particular group of foreigners to determine whether they are dangerous already is worth the hassle to [ some countries ] ( https://www.hrw.org/reports/1994/israel/ ) . 
  that 's crazy because in northern germany we perceive a stereotypical austrian accent ( so probably whatever is spoken in vienna ) to sound somewhat more cultured and cosmopolitan than boring old ` hannoveranian german ' . 
  well given the slightest pretext some people will jump on the opportunity to hate on others . 
  i mean west germans still look down on east germans to some degree ( and vice versa of course ) . 
  are n't they letting through * everyone * though ? 
  provided the migrants subject themselves to the hungarian authorities and apply for asylum ? 
  dude , every state that has ever existed routinely compromised out of necessity about human rights of criminals . 
  do have any prove that the czechs really had the resources to grant those migrants due process ? 
  what 's that ? 
  no , you have n't ?!, 
  so what is your point then ? 
  is n't it hilarious that there are people who think the solution to the first world 's exploitation of the less well of countries is to ferry more people to the first world so that the starved peasant overseas can take pride in the knowledge that there might be people with the same skin tone as himself taking advantage of him ? 
  yeah . 
  an ideology actually requires mental effort in order to be appropriated . 
  a religion on the other hand is handed down to you by your parents , ` explained ' to you by the clerics and then declared to be above criticism by its adherents . 
  people tend to break their habits when confronted with pressure to conform - that 's what creates most habits in the first place . 
  when people seek out new homes they will encounter new customs and conventions . 
  it 's only natural that immigrants are expected to change their views accordingly . 
  now you got my curiosity . 
  for what it 's worth i actually do n't believe in free will at all . 
  but that does n't mean someone ca n't reevaluate their position on something . 
  i just means given the same input a person necessarily ` decides ' for the same thing - provided their state of mind is n't altered in between ... criticism however can most certainly be * new * input . 
  have you heard of people changing their religion ? 
  cause that 's a thing , you know ? 
  i see where you come from ( and do n't see why you get downvoted for speaking your mind here ... ) but you said it yourself  religion or the lack thereof constitutes a core part of a person 's belief system because of its importance religion ( in contrast to race ) must n't be exempt from satire/criticism . 
  the point is that you ca n't change your race so criticism of someone 's race is n't going to accomplish much but a collection of superstitions should n't be granted the same courtesy . 
  tbh the whole debate is just childish . 
  you ca n't even properly define what makes something a religion when compared to a cult , a philosophy or any old club of like minded people . 
  you re perfectly right . 
  the nazis did n't win the absolute majority of the votes . 
  they did it all with a relative majority . 
  of course there are parallels . 
  but if we translate the nazis ' support figures of some 30 % of the votes to syria it would mean that millions of those syrian immigrants once supported or * still support the is * . 
  but that would be fear mongering . 
  dude , you are proving my point here . 
  the nazis won politically because - this may come as a shock for you - they were popular . 
  they had both : a hard core of fanatics and the support of the apathetic masses because they promised the opposite of what the is delivers and what everyone still wants today namely law and order and increased international prestige . 
  they did n't slaughter any germans provided they were n't openly opposed ( though they did actually * behead * a few german citizens as defeatists ) .
