  if politicians could just adress the fear that any and all civil wars in far away states may require westeners to take in dispaced people and open their wallets to educate these masses sufficiently to be able to participate in their host country 's economy many people now critical of migrants would stop overreacting . 
  so you think those poor refugees deserve it more than you to get raped ? 
  how rude of you ... 
  if you think really long hard about his comment you will eventually understand that it was about what the host country gets in exchange for helping the people . 
  he merely pointed out that those people are n't purely beneficial to our society . 
  and to prevent any accusations of racism on my part i assure you that i believe you deserve the exact same chance to be raped by immigrants as those women in the article . 
  do n't worry the smugglers do already [ fire back ] ( http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/libya-smugglers-fire-shots-migrant-rescue-operation-amid-concern-thousands-are-leaving-country-1496599 ) . 
  people like you always cling on to racism as an accusation ... how trivial of you . 
  what about showing some love for cultural chauvinism ? 
  because that 's what most sane people try to convey when they voice their concern over the number of refugees their country might see in the future . 
  but let 's be honest you probably could not go on to pretend to be morally superior to someone who calmly states the obvious fact that those refugees are fleeing a world shaped by an objectively inferior political culture and fittingly dismal tribal ( and often racist ) mindset that seems to pop up where ever muslims get their way by installing a firmly islamic regime . 
  no goddammit . 
  when we give you shit it 's ultimately not about clinging on to past glories but the glorious ( colonial ) past you let go . 
  you may think you did enough for the world by dragging it into the modern age . 
  but could n't you wait until your ex-colonies were truly ready for independence before retiring your empire ? 
  look at what good his nation 's self determination did for the average iraqi ... 
  the people inside a bordered area have about the same ` moral justification ' to dictate who gets allowed through a border and who does n't as the people outside of it . 
  but since you seem to sweat about racism a lot let ease your worries : the only important difference between those two groups is that the people inside can make the border pretty deadly to cross for the cost of a few hundred thousand land mines and those mines do n't give a fuck about race at all . 
  and rightfully so . 
  because in the west we leave it to the people to make up their mind about stuff instead of blindly following some official doctrine . 
  considering that it is mandatory even for culturally maladapted refugees to not undermine our democratic liberties ( otherwise they 'd have to be imprisoned you know ) being allowed to chose freedom to host immigrants is an equally valid position as freedom from having to host them . 
  sorry but we westeners have something called rule of law , ffs . 
  try ignoring any other random law you deem ` impractical ' and come back with the results ... 
  they are n't citizens of their host country . 
  of course they could n't have a say in its stance on immigration . 
  did we get to shape the domestic policies of syria before the war ? 
  or anywhere else ? 
  just a bad joke , mate . 
  one conflict does n't really compare to the other ... 
  ground warfare in germany barely lasted for half a year . 
  before that they simply had to reerect the bombed factories ( which is why the allies targeted the workforce directly ) . 
  the ground war in syria has just been way to long plus its many people may have left never to return . 
  not a chance for quick recovery . 
  so you re saying the war is a blessing in disguise because you get rid of your old infrastructure free of charge ? 
  somebody tell the syrians !, 
  cool . 
  can you tell me what you think it boils down to ? 
  i am seriously curious . 
   * new * push-overs where have you been the last 50 years ? 
  one of the more mainstream ` conspiracy theories ' here is that germany was never really granted sovereignty by the americans ... the whole national identity these days fits in the phrase `` i hope i did n't do anything wrong today '' . 
  as someone who deems this particular wave of immigration beneficial to our society ( being able to draw in * syrians * is like winning the lottery seeing what they bring to the table compared say afghanis ) i 'm still not convinced that we are n't setting an unfortunate precedent here because you can t deny that it was n't their plight that facilitated their warm reception - it was their endurance ( and as some say their disregard for following established procedures when crossing borders / reporting to authorities ) that took these refugees were they are now . 
  did n't the afghanis suffer as much as the syrians ? 
  the palestinians ? 
  kurds ? 
  oh and half of africa too , to some degree . 
  it 's not that their plight did n't matter . 
  it 's just that the current situation is unprecedented because this time it s a relatively wealthy and educated group of people accustomed to living in a modern society . 
  they were simply more resourceful than those others . 
  come time i think we might see this resourcefulness emerging in other suffering communities that are not so well suited for living in europe . 
  nobody who reduces today 's problems to `` derp , we 'll treat them as humans - what else , you dirty xenophob ! '', 
  is thinking ahead to a time when tens of millions might be taking up that offer and rightfully ask for the same treatment . 
  oh do n't sweat it . 
  i 'm sure we will have all the intel we need - if the americans care to give it away that is . 
  but you are delusional if you think that the bnd or the verfassungsschutz would know what to do with it . 
  i do have immigrant friends ( really who has n't ? ), 
  and been outside the eu . 
  i am well aware that most of the people fleeing from the war are gon na be beneficial for their host countries . 
  but that still leaves a minority of dangerous individuals . 
  i too know that we ought to give them the benefit of the doubt . 
  but try using the excuse that the likelihood of you being a criminal is statistically insignificant on a border guard anywhere in the world and see if he lets you in without a proper visa ... my concerns are not rooted in budgetary constraints or the like . 
  on the contrary , i would like to see billions spent in a military expedition to syria . 
  if you ' d care for my opinion instead of accusing me of lying i 'd remind you that the eu could keep way more people save than just those that already came by finally intervening in the conflict . 
  i think we can simultaneously save those people from dying by the hands of jihadis and make sure we are not creating hazardous living conditions for europeans by taking in thousands of potentially traumatized , militarized and radicalized refugees . 
  if that sounds morally wrong to you i ca n't help you see my point . 
  do you like the fact that argentina led in all those ss men after the war allowing them to evade prosecution ? 
  cause that 's a side effect of opening the borders like germany is seemingly keen on . 
  war weary isis troops are syrians too , you know ... 
  i did not mean to imply that germany was breaking any laws . 
  the whole process of first declaring the dublin agreement obsolete and then meeting with the signatories just seemed backwards to me . 
  of course germany has to step in and help the countries of entry to deal with the situation . 
  it just needs to be done in concert with the wishes of the rest of the eu . 
   germany is neither violating rules maybe my memory is shaky but i seem to recall that refugees are mandated to apply for asylum in the country they arrive , am i mistaken ? 
  so by not deporting those offending against this rule germany is in my book violating regulations . 
  of course the hungarians can accept a high percentage of applicants when nobody ( as your links show ) is seeking asylum in hungary anyway . 
  if germany had a less lenient system more people would try their luck in hungary instead of marching on foot over to austria . 
  your are forgetting that by violating dublin iii germany is depriving the peripheral countries of entry of the decision whether somebody meets the criteria of a refugee or not . 
  how many of those syrians ( and people claiming to be one ) that germany is taking do you expect would have been accepted in ... say ... hungary ? 
  of course the number of succesful german asylum applications is not an immediate problem of hungary but since europe is an almost unified economy without proper border controls it just might become their problem in the long run . 
  this shit is pissing me off . 
  the * whole point * of the article is how difficult it is to reconcile morality with reality and still this guy is bowing to some perceived pressure to somehow ease the father suffering by arguing for him to be awarded residency . 
  i 'm all for sharing wealth and preventing harm to these people . 
  but that does n't mean the german government can just ride roughshod over eu regulation and unilaterally void the the dublin agreement . 
  and if germany as a schengen zone country hands out residency permits to people without being able to look at their police records it directly undermines the spirit of the joint policing efforts central to the idea of that agreement as well . 
   they are not immigrants , they are refugees how do you even check for their nationality ? 
  there are legitimate refugees without proper documentation and there are illegitimate migrants with fake syrian passports . 
  you do understand that it has to be officially proven each time anew that a particular asylum seeker is n't syrian or that they are n't persecuted or too ill or simply too young to be send back ? 
  the application process is a bureaucratic nightmare - but it 's the only system we have in place apart from blanket decisions . 
  do you live in the 70 's where everything in a factory is done by hand ? 
  because modern car manufacturing can t even begin to provide enough jobs ( or apprenticeships ) for these numbers of people . 
  german car makers employ some 700 000 + people . 
  this year alone 800 000 migrants are expected to settle in germany ... 
  you ' re wrong , people that have been granted asylum can work in germany . 
  no need to change that since everyone else is is mandated to return to their country of origin anyway ( not that this would work in practice since a bunch of them has no papers on arrival anyway . . ) . 
  concerning the ` land of the free ' and its immigration policy you might wan na read up about it [ here ] ( https://de.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/chinese_exclusion_act ) . 
  care to hear my opinion ? 
  i 'm all for sharing wealth . 
  i have had the chance to get to know well adapted syrians whose parents immigrated decades ago that were raised in germany and turned out to be pleasant , educated and law abiding citizens . 
  to me it is morally injustifiable to let these people fend for themselves in times of war . 
  nevertheless there is no human right to immigration/citizenship . 
  granting somebody asylum means letting them stay out of harm 's way .
