  and yet this crude wishlist of goals talks about ` guaranteeing every persons dignity ' . 
  it is heartwarming fluff dreamt up in times long gone and designed to woo people into appreciating how ` progressive ' germany is . 
  also , does no one remember dublin , ffs ? 
  there already was an agreement to lower the number of asylum applications * in germany * . 
  we used to send them back ... 
  you are perfectly right but i do n't see your point . 
  what is the difference if a stone dick is 2 yrs old or 2000 yrs old ? 
  if somebody decides to tour a museum he should * want * to see the art inside ... 
  thanks . 
  this is outrageously funny . 
  we need more of things like this in here . 
  i 'm bad with sarcasm ... are you for real trying to tell me that romania ca n't seal its borders ? 
  hell the east germans could make it work with not much more than a ton of armed teenagers on watchtowers decades ago . 
  at land and at sea . 
  seems like you guys need a bit of the good old ` wir schaffen das schon ' - attitude of merkel . 
  is there something wrong with your short term memory ? 
  no constitution will have to be changed to ` limit migration ' . 
  until recently we already had a system to curb aspiring immigrants enthusiasm for coming to germany . 
  it was called the dublin regulation and germany decided to suspend it . 
  if we send the syrians back to rot under the greek sun while waiting ten years to get their asylum application processed they will stop coming to europe . 
  i call that limiting migration . 
  you are correct . 
  the other guy is making stuff up . 
  i do n't buy the `` unconstitutional '' part though . 
  you can pretty much decriminalise anything if you are willing to be creative about it . 
  in theory laws are water tight but in practice they are malleable ... 
  these pesky laws regarding religious freedom are bothering you ? 
  does the dutch constitution contain the word `` cult '' ? 
  so revoke the status of a particular religion and call it a cult then . 
  problem solved . 
  good joke ... you ca n't jail tens of thousands of people for lack of capacity ... you ca n't really send them back ( if they decide to riot on their tax payed flight back home the pilots will turn back to germany ) ... you probably could at least give them electronic monitors or something and try to make their illegal stay here as shitty as possible though that 'd be considered fascist . 
  my advice : better learn hungarian . 
  the rich states are against migration as long as they themselves can leave their borders open and thus appear as open and accepting as possible . 
  the nasty job of actually guarding the borders and turning away refugees is reserved for the peripheral countries . 
  this is how the migrant influx will be stemmed : turkey is getting paid to stop the boats to greece . 
  frontex will appear in libyan territorial waters to return the boat people and the land borders will be upgraded to look like hungary 's . 
  well i can always pm you my butt if this makes it alright !, 
  sigh ... so you actually doubt that there are cultural differences between the immigrants depending on what region these people are coming from ? 
  like for instance that middle eastern christians should be adapted to living as outsiders and accordingly can be expected to live a quiet and self absorbed life without bothering their neighbours ? 
  do you deny that the same can not be said for muslim immigrants ? 
  you ca n't judge an individual refugee without knowing him . 
  but you sure as hell can judge a specific class/religious group/particular demographic by looking at their background . 
  he did n't say a word about race and you are old enough to know that there is a sizeable muslim population in balkan countries , my dear . 
  edit : did n't read the `` racist '' part . 
  you 're right . 
  op probably did n't read the article . 
  hungary does n't want the refugees that 's certainly true . 
  they only let them claim asylum at the border because the hungarians know almost none of them will do so . 
  because living conditions for hungarian asylum applicants are quiet shitty and - surprise surprise !, 
  - almost no refugee is actually that desperate to `` live in peace '' . 
  now that no refugee treks trample down wheat fields anymore hungary has what it wanted . 
  edit : concerning the question why they hesitated to let migrants move * out * of hungary you have to imagine what that woukd have signaled to the people en route to hungary . 
  the hungarian state did n't want to appear as a giant bus company for getting people to austria ( you ca n't detain three thousand people at once for riding the train without a ticket ) . 
  so they just prohibited the migrants to use available transportation . 
  without wanting to defend bild here i see no reason for caution this time . 
  they do n't pretend to have carried out a survey . 
  they reported on the alleged existence of a report containing a prognosis . 
  so the whole thing is speculation anyway . 
  just like the government speculates that shit wo n't hit the fan a newspaper is perfectly justified to speculate that it kind of will ... 
  could also determine his ethnicity through dna sampling . 
  the point is that pinpointing someone origins in any way other than looking up a database is costly , unreliable and also dependent on the guy 's cooperation . 
  what if the migrants does n't talk with the analyst ? 
  you 're shit out of luck then since you ca n't send him back to * anywhere in the third world * . 
  these people literally do n't care for what we expect of them . 
  i would n't , too . 
  unrestricted immigration does n't necessarily have lead to an calamitous end . 
  but why run the risk ? 
  we still have a choice . 
  we sure as hell can shut the borders and simply restrict the influx . 
  it has been done in the past . 
  since when is being a diverse group of worn out people helpful to your military capabilities ? 
  they must be hardened when they arrive here - i give you that - but if determination and resilience is what decides the outcome of violent conflicts people in russia would speak german now . 
  in modern conflicts the guy with more resources wins ... and yes i already know about vietnam . 
  but for guerilla warfare you have to be * inside * the country blending in with the natives . 
  so there 's that . 
  then you are going to assume something utterly naive . 
  this mighty fighting force of refugees you envision is so powerless that they leave their wives and children as they run away from a bunch of bearded nutcases wielding aks . 
  you want to hear what will happen if they encounter a border secured by an organised military with modern weaponry ? 
  they 'll run a second time . 
  simple as that . 
  or they could , you know , intern them at arrival and keep them safe and sound but bored and poor just like turkey does . 
  once word gets around ( and it will ) nobody would be coming anymore . 
  guess that 's too easy ... 
  why thank you !, 
  how could i forget that * not shooting * someone is also a viable option ... how utterly moronic of me . 
  but hey , wait a minute !, 
  if the trespassers would be willing to cooperate by surrendering how come they violate the law by trying to force their way through a protected border in the first place ? 
  have you even looked at what hungary is doing ? 
  they did n't shoot anyone and yet nobody is coming anymore . 
  that 's because they put people either in jail or in camps that are as though as jails . 
  if something like this would be implemented elsewhere nobody would come and nobody would have to be shot , do n't you agree ? 
  man i 'm glad reality plays out differently than gta . 
  we will see if hungary is an outlier or the new norm ... 
  you seem to be struggling to understand that even a human right can be compromised under certain conditions . 
  dangerous criminals are shot . 
  even in europe . 
  please try to enter a military facility unauthorised and report back with the result . 
  we would just have to declare the whole of the border a military facility ( which it kind of is ) and suddenly there would n't even be anything illegal about shooting trespassers . 
  the immigrants come because we allow them too . 
  that 's the whole story .
