  not letting them settle were they want . 
  you might not like hearing it but bringing in substantial numbers of people of a particular ethnicty means importing their ethnic conflicts too . 
  how well do you think some turks get along with say ... kurds ? 
  will syrians start trouble with turks ( who are involved in the syrian war as you know ) ? 
  do you remember the attacks on jews following the last round of the israelian/palestinian conflict ? 
  there should be a referendum whether the german public truly wants to see these people come to stay . 
  then and only then should we permanently grant residency to the syrians . 
  let me spell it out for you : he 's simply reassuring the interviewer that there is no reason for the germans to fret about the crisis since they 've endured more hardship than what is about to come at the hands of this economic downturn - in a conflict more dismal than any other modern war up to that point - and prevailed . 
  see , was n't that hard to grasp , was it ? 
   best and brightest that 's australia 's immigration policy not germany 's . 
  we take everyone if they claim to be syrians . 
  it 's literally what merkel just said . 
  thanks for your well crafted post . 
  this is what i come to reddit for ... 
   there 's no rule that says they get free reign after election it helps when you have a private army terrorizing the citizens . 
  but yeah running such a gang would probably get you thrown in jail today . 
  by the way i doubt that mein kampf details plans for the * formation * of the sa - it was established in 1920 . 
  quick history lesson : the nazis won the race by obfuscating what their goals were . 
  their whole point was to pretend to cater to everyones desires while serving no one but themselves . 
  they fought the communists in the streets while carefully trying not to alienate the less radical proletarian voters ( thats why they called themselves socialists - even though they got rid of basic socialist accomplishments like the right to strike/form unions when they rose to power ) . 
  they were in bed with the ( non-jewish ) high finance while promising the middle class to fight corruption ( of course corruption actually worsened under them ) . 
  early on hitler also made it a point to appear as a pacifist ( you can [ watch ] ( http://youtube.com/watch?v=uot4semcfbc ) pointing out how lovely it would be if the rest of the world would reduce their military to better suit the size of the pre-rearmament german army ) ... the point is the nazis were never really open about anything , signing treaties left and right only to ignore them later on . 
  * that 's * how they won . 
  so by banning extremists ' parties you force them to take a lesson from the nazis and simply be less open about there goals . 
   exactly , but the difference is that the common people do n't risk their career when they make a poorly thought out decision . 
  that would be helpful would n't it ? 
  unfortunately in the real world high political offices - much like commercial top manager positions - are always staffed with the same few people who seem to be qualified for every single field imaginable and who are pretty much deaf for the wishes of their electorate . 
  why would they care for the public ? 
  the only popularity top level politicians need in most cases ( most national systems ) is the approval of their own party . 
  now since most people know have never even contemplated joining the party they vote for there is not much ` public approval ' to achieve for the actual candidates . 
  the approval of the party is what matters the most . 
  and the party ( as is the case with every other exclusive club ) tends to protect its high ranking members the best it can . 
  meaning sometime after a scandal caused somebody important to lose his job he/she gets quietly installed as the new minister of x and gets a fresh start at fucking things up . 
  a scandal never really reflects negatively at the party as a whole . 
  it 's never collectively hold accountable because they just pin the blame on the individual offenders . 
  we ( the people ) are kept living as children under the current democratic structures . 
  of course we do n't care how exactly things get done . 
  after all we are continuously told that our parents know best what to do . 
  and they sure have a lot of experience with running things . 
  the solution is to grow up and say goodbye to our parents ... 
   people would probably want to government to do more stuff while paying less tax . 
  so let them have it . 
  since it ca n't work out these decisions will be revoked and things can move on . 
  do you honestly think people on average are to dumb to understand cause and effect ? 
  because that makes you sound like a 18th century monarchist rambling about how a non-direct democracy ca n't ever function . 
  what you do n't seem to get is that those common people you do n't trust to make sensible decisions in a direct democracy are the exact same people that you trust to decide who should make those decisions instead of them . 
  in reality you already rely on the `` wisdom of the crowd '' since your life is shaped by the decisions of the people who have been given power by the common man . 
  quick history lesson : the nazis won the race by obfuscating what their goals were . 
  their whole point was to pretend to cater to * everyones * desires while serving no one but themselves . 
  they fought the communists in the streets while carefully trying not to alienate the less radical proletarian voters ( thats why they called themselves socialists - even though they got rid of basic socialist accomplishments like the right to strike/form unions when they rose to power ) . 
  they were in bed with the ( non-jewish ) high finance while promising the middle class to fight corruption ( of course corruption actually worsened under them ) ... the point is the nazis were never really open about anything . 
  that 's why they won ( and honestly that 's to some degree how every party in the current system won ) . 
  so by banning future extremist 's parties you force them to take a lesson from the nazis . 
  what we need is to do away with a professional political class and their non-binding pre-election promises all together and implement a direct democratic system concerned with the practical decisions of the day . 
  uhh , you do understand that these products are sold under value as you put it because german wages have been stagnant compared to say the uk 's ? 
  how the fuck does that translates to `` gaining the most '' ? 
  since you seem to have trouble understanding what that entails let me spell it out for you : the countries importing german stuff fuel their consumption through the reduced consumption of german workers . 
  and than people like you give us shit ... 
  sounds fascinating . 
  especially in a country with internet filters and stuff ... could you tell us how they fine you when you do minor shit that does n't involve being taken into the station ? 
  i mean when they see you jay walking here in germany they can collect a fee . 
  if you 're out of cash they 'll pull your adress from your id . 
  how is something like that handled by the british ? 
  i guess they wo n't take your dna . 
  yeah ... but since the british police wo n't check your id randomly they have an easy time staying illegally in britain . 
  of course that means working illegally too . 
  but being allowed to stay in france does n't necessarily include permission to work so their choices are between rotting in a french refugee housing project or trying their luck in the uk . 
  do n't quote me on that but usually only people assigned some specific refugee status are allowed in permanently and get a permission to work . 
  something like 90 % of asylum seekers in germany are denied that status . 
  everybody else eventually gets send back . 
  even if they have been in europe for years . 
  now in the uk the police are n't allowed to check your identity in random traffic controls and the like . 
  so staying past your allowed time is way more easy over there . 
  not sure ... thought it had something to do with british restrictions on id card controls which are n't in place in france . 
  so it easier to stay past your ` return date ' in the uk . 
  is n't it because in continental europe they are n't allowed to stay permanently so they try to make it over to the uk were they presumably wo n't get deported after a number of years ? 
  to do what ? 
  scatter them ? 
  they will shift their efforts to the road and try to stop trucks in order to get in cargo trailers . 
  you ca n't police all roads leading up to calais . 
  the tunnel really seems like their worst option actually . 
  i think someday a resourceful trafficker will get a load of tiny boats up there and they will start rowing over in numbers . 
  i have n't read up about this system 's capabilities but i 'd guess it does n't efficiently counter the threat of icbms with its multiple warheads per missile and is instead aimed at not-so-long-ranged conventional weapons to be used in a limited ukraine-like conflict . 
  also no system is perfect and there are far more nukes than cities in need of vaporization so it is better not to feel too safe behind a missile shield . 
  do n't sweat it . 
  see we wo n't have to since these investments will pay for themselves in the long run ... 
  most of the developed world does n't have the abysmal credit rating greece has . 
  if your are swimming with sharks you either swim fast or get out of the water . 
  accusations of laziness reference the previously frivolous practices concerning oversized bureaucracy and early pensions which were simply unsustainable ... nobody of sound mind is calling working class greek citizens as a whole lazy . 
  we are well past exchanging insults as sport . 
  now everyone is understandably tired of the affair . 
  luckily the prevailing unwillingness to turn on the printing press and ` rescue ' greece through divine intervention is what will end the current strategy of perpetuated recession because there is simply not enough cash to find within an austere germany to have this thing going on another 5 years . 
  so grexit it is ... sooner or later . 
  there are enough greeks that see the ez and the pre-crisis economic bubble it made possible for what is was : an unhealthy orgy of short term investments in an artificially excited economic climate which did the middle class a hell of good once the bubble burst and their houses dropped in value overnight . 
  ... so throwing money at them wo n't change the situation and trying to reform the economy did n't help either . 
  seems like it is high time for the greek government to finally pursue the grexit strategy instead of going for ` more of the same . ', 
  sigh ... tell me how that differs from what has been applied to greece for years now . 
  man , you really believe if someone would just throw enough money at the greeks the crisis would be over , do n't you ? 
  the greek economy functioned well enough before they entered the ez and it will again flourish after the inevitable exit . 
  the matter is way too complicated to be broken down to `` let the north pay for the south - it will profit from increased stability '' .
