  what if continuously bailing out greece really encourages other vulnerable economies to demand more and more cheap loans ? 
  where would your stability come from then ? 
  well so does n't greece . 
  look at what entering the ez has brought them ... can we stop pretending that greece would n't be better off without having sign on to the euro ? 
  you do know that greece would n't even have gotten in if they had n't cooked the books because their economy is incompatible with being in the euro zone ? 
  try to accept that a grexit is simply the best option for everyone including the greeks . 
  who cares ? 
  there 's always another greedy bank to borrow from is the other wo n't ... greece is already discriminating when it comes to deciding who gets payed back in time . 
  some private japanese banks have recently been paid upwards of 100 $ million while the imf got nothing exactly with the strategy of keeping * some * creditors happy while letting others suck it in mind . 
  if there is a reasonable chance to be paid back people will lend you money . 
  if there is no such chance you have deeper problems then just liquidity . 
  look at argentinia . 
  greece is bleeding money by paying its creditors . 
  do n't service the debt and use the savings to stimulate your economy . 
  it will take time but it is the best bet . 
   unless greece complies there , you said it yourself . 
  greece ca n't be forced to do shit . 
  the us can always step in and lend greece all the money it can spend if they wanted too . 
  why do n't you do that and rake in the cash after the greek economy inevitable bounces back if you truly think greece can spend their way out of this ? 
  face the truth already . 
  you were scammed . 
  just not by the german government ( they have have also been conned but by being coerced to buy out the private german banks with public funds ) . 
  you were scammed by the greek governments that demanded those toxic loans you could n't pay back in 2008 . 
  of course since then nothing has changed and your corrupt politicians agree to more and more loans while happily fucking up the economy even more . 
  the only way to break the cycle always has been the grexit . 
  so get up , burn the banks already and send tsipras home . 
  the thing is all the ` imposed ' hardship is not gon na lead to prosperity in greece . 
  they went into the ez for all the wrong reasons then enjoyed an enormous economic bubble made possible by cheap * private * loans . 
  these loans turned out to be toxic in the long run . 
  as always when shit hits the fan the private banks then came running to their respective governments and demanded a bail out which is of course * state money * to lend the greeks so they can pay back the * private * creditors . 
  greece 's actual ability to pay back its debt has of course worsened since the crisis began so all this state money is gone forever and those imposed reforms some how did n't advance the greek economy ( turns out you can t just expect a southern economy to morph into a northern one by changing some laws nobody upholds anyway ) . 
  now both the german and the greek public is furious and greece still has to leave the ez if it is to regain it economic strength some day . 
  honest question here . 
  do n't you guys see by now that there is no other way out then the way * out * ? 
  you got ta leave the union , man , and jump start the economy by returning to a currency way under the value of the euro . 
  nothing has changed since the crisis began . 
  the people you elected still do the same shit as always . 
  they ( presumably ) take some bribes and sign on to one toxic loan after the next . 
  break the cycle and burn the banks already . 
   be livid at your politicians for even considering a 3rd bailout that is the case in throughout most of europe . 
  most money was used to buy out banks * to big to fail * . 
  it was robbed from the poor and given to the rich . 
  why did the greek governments accept all these lethal loans ? 
  corruption , buddy . 
  that 's fucking always the answer when people in power act against the interests of their own voters and should n't be that strange of a concept for an american . 
   they very much do believe greece will pay back the money , with interest yeah , right . 
  tell me then why is n't the us eager to step in and try to loan away the greek crisis ? 
  there is money to be made !, 
  well how nice of them to intentionally make their cars cheaper for you tea guzzlers to buy then !, 
  nobody is stopping greece from spending their way out of the crisis . 
  it s just that somehow nobody thinks they actually can do that thus nobody is giving them any loans . 
  but maybe the us could step in - just to prove a point ? 
  don t you guys like to be right ? 
  because they are n't the one responsible for the well being of the greek economy . 
  everyone has to look out for themselves , buddy , such is life . 
  if tsipras is getting played by them it is his fault for not seeing through the scam . 
   as things stand now , greece can either exit now and go through an extremely painful humanitarian crisis , or it can exit in three years and go through an extremely painful humanitarian crisis then , except with none of its assets or infrastructure left . 
  so why has n't there already been a grexit ? 
  if things are the way you paint them to be tsipras is hurting the greek economy by postponing the inevitable . 
  should n't you scold him instead of the germans ? 
  thanks for the informed post . 
  this is a rare sight in this discussion . 
  so what ? 
  nobody forced the greeks to be wasteful . 
  even if their leaders acted against the interests of the greek population it still is n't the fault of anyone outside of greece . 
  should we somehow step in and stop foreign governments if there is a chance that they are doing something fiscally irresponsible ? 
  what people like you never explain is why greece is even accepting all these loans of they do n't help the greeks at all ... . 
  if you do n't answer i 'm gon na assume it 's because `` well duh , the germans forced them to accept somehow !, 
  '' , right ? 
   everyone 's going to lose way more than that you can t just proclaim your personal prognosis as fact . 
  you do understand that greece could actually * profit * from a grexit by reducing labour cost and increasing employment ? 
  that ridiculous mantra of a grexit being the end of the euro is nothing but fear mongering and you know it . 
  try to understand that greece is a sovereign country and could have reverted to using their own currency any time in the past . 
  nobody forced them to do anything . 
  man , if only varoufakis would understand as much of economics as you do but alas ... 
  you know the saying about thinking twice what to wish for cause it could come true ? 
  i sure hope you get to see the day germany leaves the euro ... edit : grammar . 
  well the uk government does have to cater to the whims of the eu * and * the us ... not much wiggle room there i would imagine . 
  certainly seems like there were reforms . 
  thanks for the link !, 
   there is absolutely no outcome where greece defaults and leaves the eu in which the eu is better off for it let 's not talk about what is better for the eu . 
  ask yourself what would be better for greece and you will find that leaving the monetary union will probably * profit greece * by regaining the control over its currency and advancing its economic competitiveness through reduced labour cost/increasing employment . 
  well some countries seem to have more agile hands then ... tell me for instance why a country like spain with comparable economical challenges does n't demand to have its debt cut like greece ? 
  do they simply lack the greek 's imagination at the negotiation table ? 
  no greece absolutely did n't do what was asked of it . 
  it was to implement reforms which would increase their attractiveness for foreign investors and reduce their trade deficit . 
  what happened instead was a radical budgetary cut which dried up domestic demand . 
  the failure to implement those structural reforms should be a strong enough signal to the greeks to now try the other way of advancing their competitiveness i.e. 
  returning to their own currency . 
  whether that is a problem for the eu or not should n't matter to the greeks because it is now high time for them to act independently and face the unavoidable . 
  so what would untie them ? 
  a marshall plan for greece ? 
  if this is what it takes then what are they talking to the eu for ? 
  that means it 's time to phone the chinese ... 
  did n't they just turn down this proposal they did n't like ? 
  by holding some kind of referendum , you know ? 
  seems like now that they worked up the courage to stand up to those european bullies they can finally do what they want ... 
  do you have selective memory loss ? 
  for all those years the eu told the greek government what to do while the greeks said `` stop twisting our arm we 're the masters of our own fate '' . 
  now that they have their hands free they still do n't seem to be able to do something meaningful about the crisis .
