you act as if ` rights ' or the notion of what a group of people deems acceptable is n't a social construct as well when in reality we never evolved past `` might equals right '' . 
  we just learned to cooperate in order to maximise the well being of groups as a whole ( call it mob rule if you like ) . 
  if a relatively powerless group like the disorganised refugees ca n't force they will on another group * from the outside * their only chance is to become part of the group and enforce their will * from the inside * but this hinges on the acceptance of the group that is being joined . 
  i think it 's pure hypocrisy to demand * individual * freedom ( `` treat them as humans ! '' ), 
  and derive from this the right to make claims on * societies * ( `` give them food , shelter , ... ! '' ) . 
  why , you ask ? 
  well let me put it this way : if some anti immigration activist ( with the same disregard for nations ' sovereignty you seem to fancy ) tried to disobey the law and stop paying taxes in order to withhold his earnings from the hands of immigrants - would you want your state to force this activist to pay and thereby collectively curtail his individual freedom ? 
  yeah ... 
  i know that . 
  that is what i wanted to convey . 
  let me try again : you were wrong when you stated `` bavaria also fought alongide prussia in 1866 '' because the [ bavarians were in the habsburg camp ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/austro-prussian_war ) . 
   racism is a thing you self declared colorblinds sound like a broken record . 
  for the most part it 's cultural chauvinism not racism that defines the perspective of the political center of most european nations . 
  be honest and ask yourself if western europeans would have as much of a problem with having to host israelis instead of iraqis . 
  sure of that ? 
  wiki says the bavarians were in the habsburg camp ... 
  nice dramatization , party pooper . 
  i thinks it s safe to say that europe will pass when the crisis gets more severe and genocide comes on the table . 
  but some noble ( voluntary ?? ), 
  reeducation scheme wo n't solve the problems of the third world either . 
  so if europe can be arsed to do anything meaningful about it ( doubt it , but still ... ) it will probably be ` colonialism light ' ... whatever happens , be chill and invest in drones !, 
  since deportation is nothing but a euphemism for ` imprisonment in the third world ' and it 's supposed to last a lifetime we could as well try to circumvent the diplomatics involved in repatriation and just go all out 19th century on these guys by sending them to some overseas european prison colony . 
  would be an easy sell for the tabloids , too . 
  nobody is going insane over semi legal deportations if the pictures of the ` colony ' show guys in shorts under the tropical sun . 
   two generations ago funny how the beliefs die out when the persons holding them start to die out ? 
  i wonder what that means in the debate about the immigrants ' native culture . 
  well at least until they are officially granted asylum , there is nothing in the grundgesetz preventing anyone to be deported to a * safe * country against their will . 
  the problem is finding an accepting country . 
  but i am sure with a large enough incentive ( $ $ $ ) you could convince some dictator to take in people . 
  pressure for change ... in their home countries ? 
  you mean like the fleeing syrians are doing now , right ? 
  no wait a minute !, 
  they totally do n't . 
  in fact they left the radicals in charge of their country . 
  those people will only leave if syria has a higher gdp than germany . 
  and if that happens syria wo n't need whatever it is you think they would bring back home ... 
  being allowed to work does nothing for you if you can not find a rent paying job and accordingly a cheap flat . 
  this shit is already hard enough without facing the migrants ' lot i.e. 
  being reduced to whatever work you can find without even having a german high school diploma . 
  a stimulus for building social housing should have been under way by now and the failure to do that is what totally disqualifies the current government in the public eye . 
   the end of schengen these days so ... glory to orban then ? 
  seriously though , it does n't matter if it 's 10 terrorists or 10 000 . 
  we still should have done interrogations/psych evals with everyone of them in good old israel fashion . 
  our special friends on the dead sea have so much to teach us about dealing with average middle easterners . 
   they do not feel like being part of the country then they will never assimilate in europe either thanks for pointing out the obvious . 
  got ta love the hypocrisy inherent in the statement `` they ca n't live peacefully because their society is an unholy ethnical mix of people and beliefs ... let 's add them to ours ! '' . 
  the truth is while an individual migrant is n't likely to be a problem , letting in everybody and ( literally ) their mothers ( got ta keep the family intact , man ! ), 
  is inviting them to form their own communities which is the opposite of integration . 
  it 's the definition of multiculturalism . 
  europe will prosper - i am sure of that - but if it will be because or in spite of the middle eastern immigration i am not so sure on . 
  [ reality ] ( http://www.jihadwatch.org/2015/09/flashback-to-february-2015-islamic-state-threatens-to-flood-europe-with-refugees ) does n't care what you deem fundamentally flawed . 
  of course this is foremost wishful thinking like everything else these fuckers stand for but if you believe that their wo n't be any jihadists among the anonymous masses passing unhindered through europe 's borders you are kidding yourself . 
  ps please do n't piss on your parents in front of strangers . 
  that 's tacky . 
  i 'm with you that the jugde is still out on the economical impact of the recent migration wave . 
  but even if you buy into the whole argument that there are probably some sought after specialists among the syrian refugees i still doubt that the eu of all places will provide any practical unbureaucratic process for foreign degree validation within our life time . 
  last time i checked a dentist with e.g. 
  a soviet diploma could n't just went to work without some major obstacles in germany . 
  his origin or legal status should n't have any bearing on his punishment in the hit and run case . 
  that being said though as an illegal immigrant he should have been repatriated after being denied asylum - in the us shit like this would probably get somebody in the immigration agency sued . 
  for cases where repatriation is n't feasible an extraterritorial detention center ( not a prison , mind you / s ) could suffice . 
  ok mr. gandhi , how about diverting aspiring refugees to a camp in a 3rd world country where they wo n't get inconvenienced by war for a few years and only let them proceed into europe if they managed to stay out of trouble in a much more demanding environment than europe 's liberal country club kind of nations . 
  is that good enough for you and your precious asylum convention ( that nobody ever has been successfully forced to honor anyway ) ? 
  well it does n't have to encompass * all * of them . 
  ethnic europeans are just tired as shit of having the ` brown people are all kind hearted pacifists with strong family values and great cooking skills '' - bullshit shoved down our collective throats by the mainstream media . 
  i know that some are . 
  but many are n't and that 's not the fault of colonialism or weapons exports because the same kind of shit was done to asia and you never see asian people fuck up as mightily as these middle easterners ... making those bothersome people our problem be letting them in without an exit strategy is a retarded policy . 
  the solution to this mess is of course to give a set number of them a fair chance at living a peaceful live in europe but deport anyone who even displays the hint of violent tendencies . 
  and if repatriation is n't possible we should toss them on to a fucking island and let them fend for themselves like the savages they are . 
  thanks . 
  yours is the most reasonable comment in here . 
   first order of business in africa is political stability - and then we can work on improving the people 's lives . 
  if you are essentially advocating a military intervention you could start calling it that , too . 
  and ? 
  you can pay reparations yourself . 
  the rest of us will pay when mongolia compensates eurasia for genghis ' little shenanigans . 
  on a serious note : i do n't want to mock your humanity or something ... but of course you could always start to donate / donate more than you do . 
  the us needed those people . 
  chances are that the parents of the clerk on ellis island who had to process this lot came over on the very same ship 30 years prior . 
  exactly . 
  if only the british had n't set free their colonies all these refugees could pin the blame for their domestic problems on male white privilege some shit ... oh never mind they still do it although they have been independent for half a century . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  bending natural laws is impossible . 
  bending society 's rule of thumb about what exactly is deemed safe or unsafe is laughably easy . 
  there is zero problem for a ` demagogue ' or what have you to clear every little constitutional hurdle if he has popular support . 
  there is n't even the need to change the constitution itself ... having trouble getting a particularly unconstitutional law passed because the pesky high court is overriding it ? 
  just start a smear campaign against the most prominent jugde and then ask a corrupt chief of police for a favor . 
  if this particular jugde is sitting behind bars chances are his colleagues simply shut up and let you do as you please . 
  why do you think it utterly impossible to continue for things to stay more or less the same as they have been for decades ? 
  what has changed is europe 's perspective on poverty . 
  you want to help by giving away your wealth ( well actually you 're arguing that you * and your countrymen * should give away their wealth because you feel liks it ) . 
  do you think that this still would look like a good idea if you had consirably less to give away ? 
  a western europe reduced to the prosperity of eastern europe will behave like eastern europe : closed borders and a ` fuck foreigners ' mentality . 
  that 's a fact . 
  the intended result of this strategy - relative prosperity for the underdeveloped nations - is just a possibility . 
  i get you . 
  but morality aside , deporting ` unproductive ' citizens would basically mean kissing every semblance of a rule of law goodbye whereas not taking in as many refugees as some people would like to do requires nothing but the reinterpretation of a convention that nobody can enforce through legal means anyway . 
  lets be honest , germany will profit from taking in the syrian diaspora through reduced demographic inbalance . 
  on average the syrians are relatively well educated compared to some other troubled nations though for syrian adult female literacy you still see a dismal 70 percent figure . 
  that is terrible for european standards ... long story short , while it may be in germany 's best interest to take in the syrians it still sets a potentially problematic precedent if the population of a more unfortunate and even bigger country starts to pack up and leaves for the eu .
