republicans , the party now fully in power , have been 10 times more aggressive towards russia and the stance on ukraine than obama and democrats . 
  europeans will get what they wish , a forceful response towards russia . 
  but also towards iran and syria , just like under bush . 
  why are you publicly posting about being `` fucking terrified '' because of election results in my country if you ca n't handle a response from someone who actually lives there ? 
  sanctions wo n't suddenly drop . 
  presidents do n't just dictate things , we have different branches of government with checks and balances , and a republican majority will not be passing bills that look like weak foreign policy . 
  in fact those same republicans which now have a majority have been pushing for military aid in ukraine and direct confrontation , i 'm personally more worried about that possibility . 
  what does an immigration policy ( albeit unrealistic ) and an increased vetting of visa applications ( also unrealistic ) have to do with sexual preference ? 
  has he uttered a single word about homosexuals that would make you think this ? 
  sure , friendly can be good , but friendly is complicated . 
  i 'd rather have seen an experienced statesman try to restore relations with russia than an unknown like trump . 
  i looked at the parties traditional platforms and record , not their campaign words , and democrats have been friendlier and wiser with their foreign policy ( which , looking at our me mess right now , is really a statement of how bad the republicans foreign policy is , not that the democrats is any good ) . 
  just a tidbit for those anxious about the russia factor . 
  there 's an influential republican/populist radio and tv personality here ( laura ingraham ) who 's been cheering for trump since the primaries . 
  she called this and brexit , 100 % . 
  she speaks at his rallies and i believe she has his ear , policy wise . 
  she says the opposite about russia than what people assume trump 's position is . 
  that he will strengthen the us military so countries like russia wo n't feel like they can get away with being aggressive , etc. 
  that soft democrats and clinton with her russia reset is what 's responsible for the problems today . 
  this is how republicans usually talk regarding russia , and i believe it 's how trump will act regarding russia , because congress , who has to approve his measures , think this way . 
  i ca n't imagine a friendly relationship with russia being something trump holds on to when the republicans begin pressuring him . 
  and the party of reagan is n't about to allow themselves to be seen as the party of appeasers , despite who is in the white house . 
  it all goes through them , eventually . 
  european populism and brexit seemed inevitable after merkel 's new refugee policy last year . 
  what seemed less inevitable was what 's happening tonight . 
  but i truly believe it 's a part ( one of many ) of why he 's winning , it was that significant . 
  he does n't have to , but if he wanted to accomplish anything in office he 'd need to . 
  without a coalition to pass his bills or approve his appointments , what could he possibly do ? 
  i really doubt there 'd be any serious siding with russia by a trump presidency , seeing that he alone is the one talking about this . 
  his entire party is much more anti-russia than the democrats , and although he 'd be president he still has to do things through cooperation with his party and congress , etc. 
  i imagine him folding to the party 's pressure on the first day of office . 
  but yes you 're right , it will be interesting to see what happens post-election since there 's clearly a stronger attitude against the left 's social causes . 
  but what i hope for most is some changes in the democrat 's new foreign policy of the past 4-5 years . 
  domestic social issues are petty stuff compared to this . 
  elections here today seem to be about our own ego and our certainty that we are smarter than `` the other side '' . 
  we have a preference for smug political-opinion articles , not information , and carefully filter our exposure to news by using the `` correct '' outlets which we can count on for the reaffirmation we crave . 
  what does the us exist for ? 
  well , we have our freedoms , but it feels like everyone 's pet political concerns are taking priority over the preservation of our universal ideals . 
  it 's supposed to be an irish pub , no different than seeing a schultz 's in the us with `` biergarten '' and `` bratwurst '' written all over it . 
  and yes it is a tourist area , it 's on the russian border so it 's common to see many signs in russian as well . 
  not sure if many english-speaking tourists go out of their way to here , though . 
  i know about this term `` useful idiot '' , but i 'm curious how you learned that russians hate bulgarians . 
  if it was first hand , if you are russian or bulgarian , etc. 
   the ironic thing is russians hate them how did you reach this conclusion ? 
  genuinely curious . 
  yes it does , i have it localized in russian ( ios ) and send messages in russian . 
  but i had to do it through telegram.org.ru , maybe this is n't an official site ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/december_2013_volgograd_bombings https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/october_2013_volgograd_bus_bombing three seperate attacks against the train station , a bus and a trolleybus . 
  42 dead and 121 injured . 
  this comes to mind : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/highway_of_death between 2,000 and 10,000 killed  the offensive action for which highway 80 is infamous became controversial with some commentators alleging disproportionate use of force , saying that the iraqi forces were retreating from kuwait in compliance with the original un resolution 660 of august 2 , 1990 ; and the column allegedly included kuwaiti hostages and civilian refugees . 
  * edit : keeping in tradition with such a thread , i need to add a few blanket-statements condemning an entire people based on the actions of their government , ahem : never trust the american . 
  the american never gives . 
  the american only steals , lies , and cheats . 
  oh the smugness, 
  huh . . that 's , well , yea . 
  glad you got your goebells defense down . 
  how about agreeing that recycling nazi-era propaganda is generally a bad idea ? 
  or is that a controversial position these days ? 
  came here to see all the nodding heads agreeing with goebbels . 
  this cartoon has been posted and admired at at least one other european subreddit recently , guess nazi propaganda is getting a second chance !, 
  for some reason [ aleksandra ] ( http://m.imdb.com/title/tt1034427/ ) ( 2007 ) just popped into my head , it 's a good example of a russian anti-war film that even addresses racism . 
  not an action film but takes place during the chechnya conflict and is pretty poignant . 
  if you care for a us opinion , we often have it in the pantry . 
  with the food . 
  i also think this is disgusting , please come civilize us . 
  [ you 're right , well almost all . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_statues_of_stalin#russia ) there is a bust behind lenin 's tomb on red square as part of the necropolis with all the other soviet leaders . 
  i think this is the only `` official '' statue you will find of stalin in russia besides their monument graveyard ( where they are covered in graffiti , usually ) and a few busts in the caucuses , where i suppose he is still a home-town hero . 
  oh , and it looks like there 's a sculpture of the the yalta meeting with fdr and churchill in the mix , if that counts . 
  what you 're describing would be scummy behavior , but to imagine we 're so vulnerable to this that you have to start warning people about these brainwave altering super agents spreading misinformation ... sounds more like a way to declare you own the truth and anyone saying otherwise is your enemy . 
  i just use my handy bullshit detector and move on . 
  your assumptions sound like thought-policing and are a bit creepy . 
  i have no interest in defending russia over mh17 but i 'm guessing if you looked at my post history on other topics you would deem me a `` putinbot '' . 
  i do n't see the harm in having a discussion including skepticism , sometimes taking a skeptical stance can be about challenging your own views , sort of a socratic method . 
  i like reddit for this reason , and trying to intimidate differing points of view out of existence is against this spirit . 
  thanks for the detailed response . 
  by local russians you mean to say those who came from russia the past century and their children ? 
  and estonians are only ethnic estonians ? 
  maybe i misunderstood . 
  i ask because i give my russian friends flak for saying a bashkir , for example , is n't russian . 
  strange to hear about this attitude in the eu . 
  maybe you think i 'm trying to stir trouble , but i just want to share my outsiders perspective . 
  is it considered a healthy state of affairs that the mere use of a particular language is something not tolerated by many ? 
  i 'm aware of the history , but as a student of russian interested in estonia i 'd like to get an accurate understanding of this attitude . 
  ah , yes that 's something i knew about lithuania . 
  boasts about having fewer russians than other baltic countries . 
  ... they 're a bunch of pragmatists ? 
  sorry , do n't follow, 
  i 'm hearing this `` hitler '' comparison daily on tv here so i need to ask a serious question to someone who shares this viewpoint - is there an equivalent of `` mein kampf '' in russia , declaring the intention to enslave or exterminate all but one race of people ? 
  or is hitler the ultimate example of evil because he anschlussed a neighboring territory ? 
  i 'm rather sure foreign policy thinkers worth their salt do n't conflate those two and are able to discuss the serious implications of russia in europe without stooping to `` hitler !, 
  '' , since no one would take them seriously if they did . 
  you referenced events that happened after ww2 to make the point that nazi germany was the lesser of two evils . 
  that 's different than locals cooperating during an occupation when there was no knowledge of the atrocities . 
  even knowing today fully well what a nazi germany victory would look like you are arguing that the soviets were worse , are you not ? 
  you 're flying the eu flag next to your name , are your fellow eu states on board with this line of thinking , or do you also not care about them ? 
  the soviets ran a brutal dictatorship . 
  nazi germany systematically exterminated entire races of people in killing factories . 
  the regret in some parts of europe that the latter option did n't win makes me fucking sick . 
  go use your `` lesser evil '' argument in israel , belarus , or even germany for that matter , and see what they think .
