  showing up and speaking russian : quizzical facial gestures and then the question , `` so you like russian girls , huh ? '', 
  i hope that 's the truth . 
  i 've liked russia for a long time and had never considered the political implications of my interest , and did n't suddenly start disliking russia when i found out . 
  i learned russian so i could travel in places where people may not speak as much english , like lithuania , of course i could n't learn every baltic and slavic language . 
  it 's strange knowing my choice of language to study will be something controversial and will cause people to make prejudgements about me . 
  i know the politics , i know the history , but it still seems odd to me . 
  thanks , i often get it wrong so perhaps i 'll just use ' \u0431\u0435\u043b\u043e\u0440\u0443\u0441\u043e\u0432 ' . 
  is belarus really that mysterious to anyone these days ? 
  a lot of us use their software ( viber , wargaming.net ) , they are very active online ( hi r/europe belorussians !, 
  ) , almost everybody i met in russia has spent a bit of time in minsk , and belorussians are big travelers themselves . 
  their experience in ww2 is both one of the saddest and most inspiring chapters in history . 
  i hope their country will have the chance to thrive more than it does now outside of minsk , and i look forward to making my own visit in the near future !, 
  he 's speculating that the attack was caused by one of the many thousands of people the eu let in without any kind of checks from a region containing a certain quasi-state which has declared total war on your way of life . 
  radical , radical statement . 
  how insensitive . 
  romanian has some pretty unhealthy looking words too , you know . 
  that 's the impression for many in the us . 
  i study russian and travel there so it has often been a topic with people i talk to . 
  sorry i do n't have some kind of official poll for this anecdote . 
   just curious , do they ever actually give a reason as to why we would want to attack the balts ? 
  usually a variant of `` fear of nato encroachment '' or `` to restore the glory of the soviet union '' . 
  sorry , do n't have the sources handy , but just watch something like the pbs series `` putin 's way '' to get an idea of it . 
  in the us anytime there is a short summary on cnn/msnbc/pbs about russia and what 's happened in ukraine they throw in something about the baltic 's having been threatened by putin as well , or that `` he has turned his eye towards the baltic 's '' . 
  most people i speak to about russia assume he did attack the baltic 's somehow already . 
  what happened in ukraine is real , but it 's pretty shameless to sneak this idea that estonia or latvia have also been attacked into the dialog constantly . 
  if i were cynical i 'd say it 's propaganda to justify military expansion ... and i am pretty cynical . 
   but i think that 's not easy to figure out . 
  easy , [ chinese + hindi . 
  ] ( http://www.vistawide.com/languages/top_30_languages.htm ), 
  not only older people using russian in ee . 
  the russian i 've learned helped me while traveling to talk with older and younger people i otherwise would n't have been able to - from montenegro , moldova , georgia , russia , etc. 
  i think the english abilities of younger people in these regions are overestimated . 
  nothing has been more rewarding than learning russian and getting to speak with these people . 
  one about russia - [ `` people of every race , color and creed , people speaking more than 100 different languages , but all citizens of one country . 
  '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2nxhvrk-mq ), 
  bitchin ' , bring some of those fancy shower heads you got too . 
  mm thanks . 
  well , there 's a good chance the next first lady could be slova ... oh wait , sorry , melania trump 's slovene . 
  better luck next time . 
  ( forgive me slovakia , i really do want to visit someday , honest ! ), 
  it sucks . 
  please invade us , i do n't care what country you are !, 
  that is interesting to know , and yes i only complain about screens now that i no longer live in the south . 
  in the south at night you 'd have all sorts of bugs clinging to the window screen desperate to come in . 
  so since you got me started on screens , i 'll tell about the apartment i lived in that decided they would `` upgrade '' our screens to `` eco-friendly '' * sun-blocking * screens which made it impossible to look outside . 
  they extended to block the part of the window that does n't even open and were glued in to prevent removal . 
  we were even threatened with huge fines ( ~ $ 80 ) for trying to remove them . 
  and yes , they would check from outside that you did n't remove this . 
  all the while , they reminded us how * green * these new prison-window screens were and of all the energy we saved , although i 'm sure it was all about the huge kick backs from whatever shitty screen company they bought them from . 
  first time in germany my friends must have thought i was mad by how much i obsessed over the windows . 
  was happy to find that most all of europe knows how to window correctly . 
  back in the us , windows now feel like some kind of 19th century farmhouse shit everytime i use them . 
  do n't even get me started on screens in windows . 
  i can stereotype and point out generalities about groups of people from other countries , but if i catch myself ever feeling that my attitude towards any individual is negative because of origin or ethnicity , i am ashamed . 
  a funny thing to take so lightly . 
  i think `` just fucked '' would look a lot worse than what we have today . 
  we 're talking about a tenuously held together federation of different religions , races , and languages bordering china and an even more screwed up central asia . 
  not that the status quo is all russia should hope for , but standing on the outside and begging for political upheaval is like pulling a slot-machine handle . 
  we should always find a way to work with what we got , seems to be our policy with china . 
  but it does n't mean we need to endorse it . 
  maybe part of choosing a disabled singer was an attempt to change this attitude ? 
  i 've seen lots of recent changes in major russian cities to try and modernize and add more accessibility for the disabled . 
  drop in the bucket given the size of the problem , but at least some sort of effort . 
  from the bbc article :  [ 4 . 
  false : marine le pen criticised the `` masha and the bear '' cartoon because the little girl in the story wears a veil ] ( https://crosscheck.firstdraftnews.com/checked-french/le-pen-tweet-masha/ ), 
  moscow state university is pretty balanced and tasteful compared to the other skyscrapers . 
  the stalinist buildings lining tverskaya ( and similarly in minsk , kiev ) are not so bad either . 
  not to mention the early metro stations , true architectural works of art . 
  * the american embassy commented sunday ... * [ oh , this is war . 
  ] ( http://assets.simplyrecipes.com/wp-content/uploads/2006/09/apple-pie-2014-10.jpg ), 
  i 'm way too late to this discussion but i 'll post anyways since it 's an interesting question . 
  [ here 's kissinger 's view on this ] ( https://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2016/11/kissinger-order-and-chaos/506876/ ) ( i think most write him off and maybe rightly so , but you ca n't deny that it 's a topic he knows well ) :  we will probably win a new cold war ; but statesmen must comprehend the limits of their definition of interest . 
  a post-tito-type yugoslavia wracked by conflict stretching from st. petersburg to vladivostok -- from europe across the middle east to asia -- is not in america 's interest . 
  russia should not be regarded as an incipient nato country ; such a goal would simply move to the manchurian border the crises we now face on the ukrainian one . 
   sounds like a kid  bad at pronunciation no offense , but when i hear non-english speakers criticize our attempts to learn their language i wonder if they realize we often feel the same way about those speaking english as a second language . 
  interesting stuff going on with russia 's central bank , i suggest reading some financial news for a more realistic economic analysis ( markets prefer reality , not politics ) . 
  * for example , russian stock indexes have been on a long steady march upwards since last year , in fact gaining ~ 100 % . 
  the changes in the oil market have caused the ruble to get rapidly stronger , so rapidly that the central bank has intervened to weaken it so as not to hurt exports . 
  they do this by buying foreign currency to replenish their emergency funds , which with oil above $ 50 they can comfortably do within their projected budget forecast . 
  here 's a recent bloomberg article about this : [ ... the move could shield russia from the impact of oil , stabilize its finances and sustain its competitive advantages ... ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-02-01/ruble-buys-more-time-for-central-banker-wanting-to-make-history ) * edit to add preemptively that i do n't mean more realistic as in that this moscow times article is wrong , but just in general . 
  it 's a different world for everyday consumers vs. stock indexes , etc. 
  in my observations , not unusual . 
  at least as of 1.5 yrs ago in moscow you would find in english `` the moscow times '' ( which i 'm sure you 've noticed is very critical of the government ) for free at most mcdonald 's within the center area , and on the main downtown streets ( tverskaya , etc. ), 
  you see newsstands sometimes with english language media ( nytimes , time magazine ) and often regional russian language editions of western media . 
  the major bookstores downtown all had a large english media section with latest editions . 
  in st. petersburg it was the same , minus `` the moscow times '' . 
  fwiw , i 've talked face to face about a year ago with a number of crimeans from different towns who had every chance to tell me `` the truth '' if they wanted , unfiltered . 
  they said precisely the same thing his uncle has said ( we always felt russian and are happy to be russian again ) . 
  but yea , the opinion of a dozen people out of 2 million does n't make a fact , but since you seem interested in this question i thought i 'd mention it . 
  eastern europe is n't just russia , so be honest and include all the other dirty countries you want to be clean of . 
  trying to have an open mind on this east/west/north whatever obsession , but it still sounds like elitism to me . 
  uzbekistan and kazakhstan being muslim-majority energy-based economies in roughly the same region are why he chose the countries he did as examples , i believe . 
   sick and tired of being surrounded by non-white people please do n't ever come back . 
  although your rock-solid motive for moving abroad tells me you 'll be back sucking your mommy 's tit in no time , sadly . 
  lately i read this sub just to spot balts complaining about maps with yucky russia touching them somehow . 
  it 's too much fun ... something is wrong with me . 
  have a happy new year , everyone !, 
  the usual over-the-top nyt headline , written for an american audience more as a statement about us politics than anything else . 
  even has the requisite `` this is how the nazi 's started ! '', 
  statement at the end .
