  even dishes from other german-speaking countries ( like austria , think wiener schnitzel ) are considered classical german dishes . 
  i am a foodie , but i would n't know of a summarising , german cuisine bible . 
  if someone knows it , i 'd be interested myself . 
  though there are many german standard dishes cooking books . 
  ps : i thought the escoffier or the larousse gastronomique are the french cooking bibles ... 
  an american once told me it sounds like a tape played backwards ... must say , there is something to it ( due to the `` tsch '' - sounds ) ... 
  there is a lot of confusion about the eurozone ( countries with the eur currency ) , the eu ( economic union ) and schengen area ( countries with a common border/visa control ) . 
  all agreements are in europe , but are independent of each other ( well , often the eu is used as a platform to provide the logistic ) . 
  so you asked about the eu ... 
  i think the debt crisis added to the confusion as suddenly the eu was part of the troika and the one coordinating the efforts to solve it . 
  so even countries like the uk , who are not part of eurozone were involved into it . 
  unfortunately it also showed the real issues with the eurozone 's problem of different tax and economic politics vs , the politics of the ecb . 
  it is a problem that needs to be fixed and should have been fixed when the eurozone was created . 
  the migrant crisis is the same , just replace eurozone with schengen area . 
  different national politics vs supernational agreements . 
  both cases , unfortunately , helped the nationalists in their crusade to get out of supernational organisations . 
  as always there is a spark of truth , that ignited the brexit and gave the rise to the anti-eu movements in other countries . 
  the most common thing they say is that the eu is undemocratic . 
  and yes , it is . 
  ( side-note : the parliament does have next to nothing to say ) it is as democratic as for example , the nato is . 
  do we get a saying in who gets appointed to the nato ? 
  what agreements are being made , who uses which facilities ? 
  no , no and no . 
  both organisations are `` just '' agreements between states . 
  for me , the only way forward is to transform the eu into a democratic institution . 
  that means also that the national states need to give up sovereignty and pass it on to the eu . 
  unfortunately , in the current atmosphere , this will not get accepted by the population . 
  then there is also the fear of smaller states that they will get overvoted by the population of larger states . 
  a 2 chamber system would help , but fear is an irrational emotion , so i do not expect this to change easily . 
  maybe we will see a europe of 2 different speeds , with some willing countries to go closer together ... maybe . 
  i hope ... 
  i agree with the first part , though with the second ... 
  i do not understand what patriotic means . 
  i love germany , it 's people and culture etc. 
  is it about this ? 
  but then the question , i also love other places , am i also a spanish , british , dutch , etc. 
  patriot ? 
  if it means i think germany is better ? 
  hell , no ... 
  so confused ... 
  omg , all those chickens escaping and trying to eat us !, 
  do n't forget to de-dust that old guillotine in case you are really unhappy with those new overlords . 
  a leopard 2a4 , and to be honest it was not a big city . 
  in which places ? 
  i have worked in uk , switzerland and now the netherlands and in all places , the salary was similar or rather adapted to the local costs of living . 
  uk layout is close , but indeed the # and ~ are moved around . 
  and yes , i know i can change all of that including doing my own keymap ( yeah , x ! ), 
  or how / u/chromophobia suggested remap the alt_r key . 
  but living outside germany i type umlauts only when chatting with friends and now it comes back to my point d ) habits . 
  call me too lazy or an example of personal procrastination ( typing in this thread probably takes more time than fixing the umlauts ) , i 'll take it all ;-), 
  a ) no altgr on my keyboard ( it 's only in international keyboards , pure us layout has 2 alt keys ) . 
  b ) i use linux . 
  usually , i have deadkeys on , so typing '' and a gives me the a-umlaut , but it does not work on all apps ( hello chrome ) and i switch it off often , because it drives me mad when coding and having to type ` '' ^ and the like and forgetting to add an additional space . 
  c ) if you type fast ae would anyway be faster than altgr + q as you have to shift the position of the right hand d ) habit, 
  ( living in . nl ) mortgage is 21 % of gross income , after tax discounts . 
  translates into : `` mayor '' ( aka head of , usually an estate ) , miller , smith , man so i 'd go with mann, 
  i always buy a us layout keyboard - downside is , i am then too lazy to make an effort to reach the umlauts , so i always write it out with ue ae oe ss , which also triggers some people ... 
  well , the good thing in germany is , that whenever the right wing gets airborne they start shooting themselves into the food . 
  they had a `` good '' ( from their perspective ) start with pegida and the rise of the afd , but their leaders are either without charisma ( von storch , petry ) or out themselves at the next possibility as straight nazis ( hoecke , etc. ) . 
  so far we are lucky ... 
  more hero than villain , even though he conquered most of germany , though it is also regarded as the time , the french brought several advancements of the french revolution to germany ( such as law , secularism , end of feudalism ) as well as unintentionally starting the unification of germany , ending the mess called hre . 
  please , at least also the beginning : `` wir sind die niedersachen ... '' ( you do n't learn it at school anymore ? ), 
  indeed it is not a simple story , many things influenced the outcome ( such as no air strikes etc. ), 
  and everyone agrees the dutchbat were in a loose-loose situation and could not have prevented the massacre overall . 
  yet , i trust the judges , who did the ruling , knew and considered far more facts than i will ever know , and it still stands they had choices to not hand over those men . 
  sometimes a wrong decision is simply a wrong decision , even under the circumstances ( facing a superior serbian force ) considered . 
  just found [ the wiki article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_snaefell_mountain_course_fatalities ) with the list of deaths ... damn . 
  you know it is bad when there is a category : died during parade lap ( lap of honour ) ... 
  you forgot the us , they are ok . well , hopefully . 
  kind of ... 
   atm well , after a history of 2000 + years of constantly killing each other and everyone , we deserve a break of a few years ... 
   failed to prevent srebrenica massacre . 
   it 's like blaming red cross for deaths in war zones . 
  well , the dutch battalion was found guilty by courts . 
  it 's job was to protect those citizens , though they even handed over 3 men , knowing they would be killed . 
  not to forget this one guy , who gets always mixed up for being german , who gave us the bad reputation ... 
  putin will dispute that , he clearly said the other day , russia has the best ones !, 
  hannover has : * [ the world biggest fair ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hannover_messe ) * tires ( continental ) * cookies ( bahlsen ) * cars ( volkswagen , though a large part is in wolfsburg ) besides this , it is considered boring ;-), 
  not all political parties , the spd ( social democrats ) are famous for du-zen as well the labor unions . 
  it sounds sometimes odd if in the middle of politicians all using the formal `` sie '' two old men suddenly call each other `` du '' and by their first name ... 
  thanks for that link . 
  not sure , if i find the right words to comment the context right now ;-), 
  yes , considering their enemy is the ukrainian army , which was in an even worse state . 
  upgrading their tanks to some latest t90 would n't have helped with the mainly urban warfare . 
  we are not talking about the quantity of armed vehicles russia vs the nato . 
  in such an all-out conflict everyone is a looser ( nuclear war ) , no news here . 
  although i do agree with you , having served myself , i know when russia states it has 350 t90 , it means i would be surprised if they can have more than 100 combat ready . 
  european armies are better , but also at the edge of abilities with the current ( iraq , afghanistan ) conflicts . 
  i am talking about this : yes , russia can muster some 100 ' 000s of men with kalashnikovs to invade one of their neighbour countries , but it can not even feed them ( it can hardly now in the barracks ) . 
  it does not even have the capacities to supply a larger amount of vehicles with supplies . 
  having lots of tanks and bullets in the storage does not equal the ability to wage a complex war with logistics and an economy that can back it up . 
  also , noticed that no western country has upgraded their mbt considerably in the last decades ? 
  it 's not like the us dod would not have a billion left to build some expensive new vehicle . 
  the fact is , tanks are so last century ;-) the reason is , that only tanks were able to shoot other tanks . 
  now you have stuff like hellfire missiles , which hardly miss and eat through any known armour . 
  guys , you read too much of the wrong newspapers and other propaganda . 
  there are many sources available , including wikipedia about which gear they actually have combat ready . 
  true is , the russian army has thousands of tanks , but they are mostly old soviet gear . 
  they have many soldiers , but most are poorly trained and unpaid conscripts , most units are way understaffed . 
  and lots of corruption destroys any effort to have an efficient army .
