  another story - in the hotel i asked if they had kaviar ( after all , i was in russia , it 's like asking a texan if they have steak , right ? 
  so when he said it would cost some money i gave him 10 ( or 20 ? ), 
  dm , what i had in my wallet . 
  i got a whole bucket of kaviar . 
  the western money certainly did end up in the pocket of the waiter ... something also regarding the original question : it 's the experience to enter a shop , like a large department store ( gum in moscow or centrum warenhaus in berlin ) , which only carries a selection of maybe 10 different goods ( with one being flags of the communist party , another one glas ashtrays and so on ... ) . 
   [ about ussr economy downfall and their plans for germany ] yes , a unified , neutral germany was originally stalin 's plan , back in the 50s . 
  during the original 4 +2 talks the idea came in again from the ussr , but was quickly dismissed as they rather wanted to see germany as part of a coalition , instead of seeing it alone trying to build its own power coalition . 
  [ 4 +2 talks , sorry in german ] ( http://www.bpb.de/geschichte/deutsche-einheit/deutsche-teilung-deutsche-einheit/43771/2-plus-4-verhandlungen?p=all ) also , we know that gorbachev offered reagan the complete dismantling of all nuclear weapons in '88 ( i think ? 
  it was in iceland ) . 
  not for altruistic reasons , but they just did n't have the money/resources to compete anymore . 
  the country and the whole east block was stagnating since brezhnev . 
  and indeed at the end of the ussr all former states of it , fell pretty hard . 
  some countries even had to receive tonnes of food being flown in from the west . 
  both gorbachev and yeltsin both get a lot of hate in russia these days , but they both were in impossible situations and doing things which have n't been done before , so they made mistakes . 
  side note : i was also in ~ ~ st. 
  pietersburg ~ ~ leningrad in '88 due to my dad being sent there when due to perestroika some companies tried to make ties with western companies . 
  it was an experience on its own . 
   in modern american media on the subject , it 's always portrayed as a somewhat happy occasion , but i have always been skeptical of that and have suspected exactly what you said . 
  knowing how  the soviet union was , and especially in its desperation toward the end , i would have been very surprised if people in the east were n't paralyzed with fear . 
   was anyone afraid that this could spark a wider war that might have gone nuclear ? 
  well , the end was truly happy , the build-up was confusing ( from the western view , would be interesting to hear the `` other '' side ) as i said unprecedented . 
  imagine you suddenly see pictures of mass demonstrations in north korea . 
  it would look unreal , you would root for those people and at the same time be afraid what will happen next . 
  by nov 9th '89 ( well , actually early morning 10th ) , the fall of the wall , it was over - it was clear that the regime would not recover from this . 
  the fear was n't about the warsaw pact attacking the nato , it was clear they were too busy with themselves . 
  but there were a fear hardliners would come to power and revert everything ( what was eventually tried in some countries ) . 
  the danger was more for the eastern block countries , especially also for poland and hungary , who were already a step further . 
   where were the east german cars going ? 
  did most of them have family in the west , perhaps ? 
  i think most just wanted to see the west . 
  in documentations i saw later , most people interviewed just wanted to see the other side . 
  some had relatives . 
   that being said , is there any discrimination between former east and west germans ? 
  how common is this today , and how bad did it used to be back in the 90 's ? 
  i am not living in germany since around 10 years , so my daily life is not part of it . 
  during the beginning of the 90s , it was the worst as the honeymoon period was over and people almost started to hate each other . 
  the west because they were spending so much money and the east because they felt they had been taken over . 
  it is always easy to point out mistakes in hindsight , but you have to understand , that it was something that has n't be done before . 
  aslso the german chancellor kohl at that time got a lot of complains , especially because of the speed of the reunification , but it is true , it was a limited window where it could happen , it would have closed . 
  the divide got better , but until today we still have issues , mainly unemployment and a larger right extremist following in the former east . 
  between people it rarely makes a different . 
  i have several friends from the east and it is rarely if ever a topic . 
  yes , maybe like ny vs. texas people . 
   do you know of anything you can add ? 
  i left out most of the factual stuff , you can wikipedia it . 
  it is hard to describe the atmosphere during the years ' 88 - ' 91 . 
  it was exciting times , with very scary as well as very happy moments . 
  after all , the divide of the world between east and west was something stable , unshakable and suddenly it was breaking apart . 
  well , i was 17 during the reunification , so i will let it count as adult ;-) i grew up in hannover , in west germany , we had some family in the east , but i was there only once , my parents did n't want me to go there as a child . 
  unknown to many none-germans , the border was quite passable as there was the `` transit '' ( highway connecting west germany to west berlin ) going through the ddr , though of course very strict entry & exit controls and police cars at every exit . 
  aside from that any car with a west german license plate was noticed obviously . 
  the whole thing came out almost of nowhere . 
  it started with demonstrations , but many people were very cautious . 
  the situation grew visibly out of control for the ddr government and everyone was afraid they would choose the `` chinese solution '' - the tiannenment square massacre was months away . 
  there was in '54 a revolt , which was shot down by soviet troops . 
  and indeed we know now that the government had asked the soviets to step in , who thankfully rejected this . 
  they could not use their own soldiers as in a small country of 15mio they would literally have to shoot their own parents and brothers . 
  i ca n't remember knowing anyone , who thought the whole thing would end positively like this . 
  but then the whole eastern block was in transition with news changing every week ( remember this was pre-internet ;-) ) and to myself , i thought they would probably find a half-solution to push the troublemakers out ( to west germany ) and force the rest back into silence as they had done before . 
  the actual end , the fall of the wall , was - as we know now - basically an accident , but the regime was at that point so weakened that it had no chance to recover from it . 
  a personal anecdote : i missed the actual event in berlin by a few hours . 
  i was in west berlin , visiting a friend and left by line-bus the evening . 
  the actual events took place late at night . 
  we had already left berlin and drove on the transit when before the west german border we went into a traffic jam . 
  a traffic jam , of east german cars . 
  that was unheard of as they very rarely drove this road and there were few cars in east germany anyway . 
  we were all very much confused until the bus driver switched on the radio and we heard about the event in berlin . 
  the normal 3-4 hour trip took twice as much time and my parents were very anxious as they heard about the events in berlin and the bus just did n't arrive back in hannover . 
  ( that was pre-mobile-phone times ;-) ) . 
  the time from end '89 to '90 was very optimistic , positive , things were again changing so fast in 1990 with the whole east block falling apart and ending with the end of the soviet union christmas ' 90 . 
  it started optimistically , but during the 90s germany realised it was a big project to integrate the east , cost wise , but also socially both countries had grown apart a bit . 
  there was a big brain drain of young people moving to the west and at the same time many managers , judges and similar where there was a lack of in the ddr or which was politically linked with the regime , which was seen as a takeover by the east germans . 
  germany still suffers from the divide , it is slowly getting better at some places . 
  there is so much to say about it - what do you want o know specifically ? 
  it 's the view from the outside ( ie . 
  one of the strongest economy , biggest eu nation , etc. . . ) vs self-image : we laugh about americans not having left their country ever , but we are surprised that other countries do n't have `` proper bread '' or the fact that other nations actually care what we are doing ( why does everyone want merkel to make the decision ? ), 
  how provincial we are . 
  david hasselhoff ? 
  best subreddit !, 
  you guys are an awesome crowd !, 
  champagne is indeed very similar , as it is fermented twice for the bubbles ( once would produce a wine ) . 
  sherry and vinaigrette are just mixed one with brandy the other with vinegar . 
  you can indeed double ferment cider , but the difference is mostly the amount of abv ( < 5 % vs ~ 10 % ) and indeed it is used in the production of some ciders . 
  maybe i was n't clear in my earlier posting : appelwein * is * a * type * of cider . 
  try to read more / r/cider, 
  yes , really . 
  it 's all fermented apples , slightly varying process , but a difference like in between lager , pils and helles beers . 
  apfelwein is known and most people know it . 
  it is usually known as a regional product with several names ( most , appelwoi and so on ) , but not really popular , especially by the younger generation , it is considered a grandpa 's drink . 
  c'mon , they are more entertaining than the kardashians !, 
  and why does everyone go to marken and volendam ? 
  protip : go to moennickendam , much fewer buses full of tourists ... ( disclaimer , i live in amsterdam ), 
  nice people , good food , beautiful landscape . 
  just how did you get into this mess ? 
  guess you keep them in because of nostalgia ( the empire ! ), 
  and - well - there was n't netflix until recently, 
  * 14 if you are with your parents * 16 for low-alcohol drinks , like beer & wine * 18 for the rest ( those are for buying , for drinking there is no legal age , it is up to the parents to decide and be responsible ) . 
  i think we all knew at teenage times how to get alcohol , so too restrictive laws do n't make sense . 
  better to keep it in the open , which can be better controlled than leave it to people handling self-made stuff and trading it away from the public . 
  it 's difficult with germany , as germany is a very regional place , where there are only a few dishes being the same across the country .
