  stick at least one in there at all times . 
  she 'd probably smack the shit out of him before blushing . 
  this is beautiful . 
  i 'm in love . 
  i demand now !, 
  teriyaki flavor . 
  i 've been selling clothes and other items i do n't use anymore on the mercari app . 
  how much do you charge ? 
  how do you navigate potential unpleased clients ? 
  do you use a return address ? 
  where on earth do you go to delete your account on this website ? 
  shop ( s ) : http://etsy.com/shop/lovelikeangels, 
  i sent in a ticket , but i 've never seen a website without a ` delete my account ' option anywhere and i do n't trust just letting my account sit for years before it 's `` automatically '' deleted . 
  ya know ? 
  thanks for the info and willingness to help , i appreciate that . 
  it did n't seem to fit into my normal internet usage style . 
  all the activities would 've been out of my way to do . 
  also , the visual setup is n't that appealing to me . 
  additionally , a clip from the tampa comic con panel with rory and maisie a couple years ago , where jason momoa briefly talks about david and dan wanting him back on set . 
  [ link ] ( https://youtu.be/q_wkhdoe-c0?t=2022 ), 
  in person . 
  you are brave . 
  lol i tried to find a different link for the same set of photo screenshots that i 'd seen earlier in the day , but i could n't find it so i went with this one . 
  did n't read the article , just needed the set of photos with their captions . 
  or it could be the style of the braavosi to whip out their swords like that ? 
  that 's what i was thinking too . 
  or a dream-like sequence or something . 
  like 3.5 . 
  first with bro , second by myself , third by myself the next day , half jumping around to specific scenes . 
  `` yes , all lannisters are lions . 
  and when a tyrell farts , it smells like a rose . '', 
  makes me lol every time . 
  also tyrion : `` i am the god of tits and wine ! '', 
  via show . 
  i do n't think she 's shit at prophecy . 
  she 's dealing with signs and symbols that are n't always concrete and she 's having to interpret them into vernacular within the context she think they serve . 
  now , because she genuinely thought stannis was azor ahai reborn or whatever , of course her prophecy came off whacked in the end because she allowed her bias to cloud her visions/judgement . 
  maybe what she 's `` shit at '' is not disengaging from bias . 
  ummm , could you be my boyfriend too ? 
  or `` always '', 
  tempt me not, 
  those pumpkin pasties look delicious . 
  i 've never seen stones cut like that before , i like it . 
  i really like the color scheme in this one . 
  kinda sad we do n't get a face with those guns < / 3, 
  i almost wan na say they 're gon na leave it for like the last scene in the season but idk , it seems like things are moving pretty quickly . 
  my exact reaction was `` ramsay you twisted fuck '', 
  it was really a matter of time before he did something ridiculously stupid . 
  i was expecting him to murder fat walda + baby first though , but i guess if he had done that , roose would n't have been very happy , to say the least , so it only makes sense to get him out of the way first . 
  what an insane motherfucker . 
  i literally laughed out loud . 
  that little shit came after my boo , tormund . 
  the hype is real, 
  i think it shows the smallest inkling of humanity in him left , in that he knows he just fucked up by killing his dad , but he pulls himself together rather quickly and assumes the role of lord bolton because hey i just killed my dad !, 
  he 's fucking insane , i love/loathe him . 
  i was just about to make a thread for this , but glad i caught this one . 
  i thought it was a really important and pivotal scene in the gotverse . 
  if the theories are to be true , then this scene is our first interactive visual cue to tyrion 's role with the dragons . 
  they accepted him really quickly and stifled their fire in his presence . 
  i personally appreciated the second one ( was it viserion or rhaegal ? ), 
  bending his neck toward him to take his chains off . 
  i knew i 'd heard it previously , but i could n't remember who 'd said it and in what season , thanks !, 
  i 've seen some people saying that they think ghost might be traded for jon 's life via the mirri maz dur quote `` only death can pay for life '' ( and whoever else may have said it ) buuuuuuuuut i personally think they showed ghost as a parallel and quick foreshadow to jon resurrecting . 
  they panned out and showed them both in a dormant state , then went to ghost who woke up , then to jon , who also woke up . 
  i think the parallel is relevant obviously because they 're linked . 
  i am ready for iron islands storyline . 
  hoping they do n't fuck it all up like dorne , since we have n't visited the islands in a couple seasons . 
  me too, 
  i 'd love to know why you guys downvoted this - her loss of faith is shown in various ways , including her gem not lighting up like it usually does when she 's doing the lord 's work . 
  i mentioned in a different thread that she 's wearing a fur when we first see her in this episode , which is another indicator that she 's kinda ` lost her faith ' ( the lord of light provides her with all the warmth she needs , but she 's feeling the physical symptoms of her loss of faith via being cold [ and probably needing to eat and drink ] ) and i think the gem was another clue to that . 
  it looks almost darker than usual , in fact . 
  although i will say that there is an angle from her left shoulder where we see both jon and her gem , it almost looks like it 's trying to light up , but i think it was probably just the light hitting it , because it was still pretty dark . 
  thanks, 
  that 's what i was thinking . 
  probably not . 
  i 'm a ravenclaw , but my brother could be in any of the other houses . 
  probably hufflepuff or gryffindor . 
  for now . 
  ya 'll get to wear black pants !?!?!? 
  i am so jealous right now . 
  i know the handbook says most solid color pants , but khakis preferred , but everyone wears khakis :(, 
  the target across the street from me ( not mine ) just got self-checkout within the past week and i used it today and it was glorious . 
  except for the attendant saying hi to me while my back was turned to her . 
  tbh , i love self-checkout because i do n't need yo help unless you need to see my id for alcohol . 
  i really prefer the process of a no-to-minimal-talking shopping experience . 
  i * can not * . 
  sigh . 
  did it form into a hexagon because of the hexagonal design on the pan ? 
  you 're right . 
  i was thinking about meijer . 
  that 's the only reason i ever need an attendant there . 
  she was probably the least repugnant frey . 
  minus her comment to sansa last season about being back at winterfell . 
  i feel like i just watched the whole episode . 
  o_o damn . 
  s05e05 , 28:15 , `` it must be difficult for you , being in a strange place . '', 
  you 're right though u/rosatter , it was more naive than intentionally rude . 
  i just let out the biggest gasp . 
  * this is * not * how i want to see rickon & osha again . 
  wtf that 's crazy .
