  keeping up appearances ; it 's always sunny in philly, 
  lucky brand jeans . 
  they were a shitty place to work for , but i 've been a major fan of their leather goods and peasant style tops for many years . 
  i collect their leather purses and i can happily say all of them still look like new 10 + years later . 
  actually , i did get into a high-speed accident on the freeway in 3 years ago and counting stars by one republic was playing during the crash . 
  i can no longer listen to that song and i have formed a deeper hatred for that band than i previously had . 
  the mortal instruments : city of bones . 
  i did n't listen to the bad reviews and gave it a chance . 
  got like 2/3 of the way in and gave up . 
  it was really bad , wish i could wash my brain of it . 
  i saw that was added on netflix yesterday and considered watching it . 
  is it that bad ? 
  i got 15 minutes into that and gave up . 
  it was n't that bad . 
  but i did fall asleep 2/3 of the way in . 
  probably guillotine . 
  it 's quick . 
  if only my boss understood this concept . 
  in 6th grade , my math teacher advised me never to interrupt someone when you see they 're already speaking ( with someone else ) . 
  but i try my very best not to interrupt people when they 're speaking and if i do , i always apologize and then tell them to continue . 
  i bought myself a made to move redheaded barbie for my birthday this past year and i actively check out the barbie aisle when i 'm out shopping . 
  their clothing is also top notch . 
  i miss the discount :(, 
  yeah , this should be a requirement for all management/boards in all industries imo . 
  this is insanely gorgeous . 
  but so , are they kinda making an incestual joke orrr, 
  i just read mine on the dailyhoroscope app this morning . 
  false . 
  my phone has drained to 0 % twice today . 
  romania , ~ 1995, 
  - i got in trouble for talking about the devil with the other kids at my table and i got punished by being put to face the corner on my knees with my hands up . 
  - i skipped an after school english class because i did n't want to come to america and the cleaning lady let me chill in the adjacent room until my dad picked me up . 
  - we had this older teacher who carried a polished wooden stick that she used for corporal punishment . 
  especially on kids who wrote left-handed . 
  she smacked the back of my chair with it once because i was slouching . 
  i slouched more , in spite , and also because that lady was a bitch and had no business being a teacher . 
  in my memory , the thrill of opening up your myspace account each day to find new messages/bulletins etc was way more exciting than fb notifications have ever been . 
  so much time spent on picking the right layout , the right song , etc. 
  oh man , hot or not was a riot . 
  y' all got it all wrong . 
  in the us , i loved baltimore because of it 's historical aesthetics , so gorgeous . 
  outside the us , we stayed in budapest , hungary on my way back to visit my homeland ( romania ) and because i do n't have an accent and do n't normally speak romanian , i was treated very well everywhere i went there . 
  the city is gorgeous , the food was superbly delicious . 
  would definitely visit again . 
  you should see it in the summer . 
  worth it just so eat outside at the restaurants overlooking the danube . 
  a million dollars ai n't shit . 
  i 'm glad someone else thought the same petty thought as me . 
  i ca n't pick just one so i ` ma huff and puff here and say that my most recent favorite is i 'll give you the sun by jandy nelson . 
  the school year was 2004-2005 and myspace had reached peak popularity . 
  there was a bulletin going around titled `` you know you go to xxxxxx when '' followed by a long list of crazy things that had happened . 
  i specifically remember the list started off by naming this senior who had allegedly raped some girls at a party ; it also included the alleged banging of two teachers . 
  it was a huge scandal for a long time . 
  i have n't had a particularly strange conversation with a child yet , but i 'm waiting for the day that a child tells me they can taste colors or something so i can tell its parents they have a synesthete on their hands . 
  living on 8 mile in the apartments , this asshole kid half way down the complex uplifted the rug outside my complex and threw dust in my eyes for no reason . 
  prison break , gossip girl , one tree hill , fringe, 
  mostly because of the switch from antenna to digital a few years ago - we lost a couple channels in the change . 
  those are beautiful, 
  so what like flavors are happening on this pizza ? 
  i 'm in the top 1 % of people who pass pantone 's color test . 
  veiny forearms . 
  and there 's a subreddit for it . 
  my current boss seems to have this notion that because i 'm silent , i do n't approve of `` x '' and `` y '' . 
  but really i just do n't have thoughts that i want to express appropriately formulated yet . 
  bread with cheese and vegetables . 
  maybe ? 
  all i know is i can detect color differences very accurately . 
  i play blendoku 1 & 2 on my phone sometimes and i almost always beat the world averages . 
  generally less than 10 minutes because, 
  my bed is super comf . 
  i 'm at the appropriate temperature to go to sleep easily . 
  drive to places they 've never been to without freaking out or obsessing over the google maps route of how to get to their destination . 
  i ate an entire loaf of garlic bread by myself . 
  aliens . 
  wearing polo shirts with popped collars . 
  the mortal instruments : city of bones, 
  seriously , just spare yourself . 
  teeth and ghost shark, 
  i binged iasip again . 
  i 've moved on to parks and rec . 
  i 've binged the office previously . 
  game of thrones is always a good choice . 
  i accidentally discovered the subculture of magnet enthusiasts on youtube once . 
  a framed , very artistically destroyed looking tom ford book cover that was given to me in college by my boss when we sent books to be rebound for the library . 
  the binding company sent that original cover back to us . 
  do they though ? 
  that one guy with his noah 's ark recreation filled with human ridden dinosaurs sure gets a lot of foot traffic ... 
  probably to create a culture that makes you feel like you 're doing important work with important people . 
  if you dress casually , you tend to act more casually . 
  a suit and tie or skirt and blazer automatically makes you feel like you 're * professional * and you 're doing professional things . 
  ya know ? 
  ** #puremichigan **, 
  cartwheel ? 
  and sometimes when you call and ask if we have `` x '' i just put you on mute , fix a few things , and then tell you we do n't have it . 
  because people are n't answering me or i do n't have a device to look up your item . 
  this comment is so innocent and pure . 
  degree : bfa in fashion design, 
  current occupation : brand member in training for visual merchandising leader aka i 'm a retail slave, 
  personally , i enjoy evan peters singing come as you are to the original nirvana version . 
  [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbjrswu87pa ) .
