  the golden pearl or some poetic shit . 
  i need a print of this . 
  i 've been telling myself to do this since i started doing tarot , but i still have n't . 
  thanks for the fire under my butt . 
  white supremacy posts & racist comments . 
  it 's not really that i regret it , it 's that i wish the placement was like half an inch higher on each side . 
  it 's a split lyric under my boobs and i wish it rested like right on the crease line of where my boobs and torso meet , but it 's just shy like maybe half an inch . 
  how do you hit the bottom of water though ? 
  yes , that 's that tonsil stones are . 
  personally , i push mine out with the dull end of a sanitized chopstick by applying pressure to the sides of where my tonsils meet my cheek . 
  i see you all saying to report this behavior , but this is standard procedure at my store ... is this ... is this really not okay ? 
  i 've literally never had positive outcomes trying to change anything for the better . 
  welcome to my fucking store . 
  i would honestly be happy to wear all black . 
  i doubt it , unless the movie ppl knew about that particular bit in advance of the book readers . 
  but hp6 was n't out then . 
  uhhhh who thinks ron is dumbledore ????? 
  i honestly have n't heard this before and i got ta say it sounds ridiculous . 
  there is definitely a scent that lingers in the room post piddily diddly . 
  as a target employee , i can say first hand that yes , our orientation videos have a section that strongly advise employees against unions because they 're * the worst * and when i saw that bit i was bemused and horrified . 
  one wipe !, 
  it looks small for $ 175 million . 
  my student loans are crying reading this . 
  i do n't want a weasel . 
  dream  bright  around  lost  spirit, 
  i 'm jealous of both of you . 
  maybe , but you 're thinking like a human and what our instincts would be in the situation . 
  we do n't know how aliens would think . 
  in 8th grade , my science teacher called one of my classmates and asshole . 
  he ended up `` quitting '' . 
  he got fired . 
  in 11th grade , my chemistry teacher also called a student an asshole . 
  nothing happened . 
  the act of sneezing is called sternutation . 
  it wo n't let me try again ? 
  plainly , weird . 
  like ohhhh ... awww look at da babyyyy and also feelings of `` ummm ????????? 
  those are generally the thoughts that run through my mind . 
  when she finds something funny , she laughs until she cries . 
  every time . 
  she 's worked midnight shifts since we came to american almost 19 years ago , and a second job on the weekends so we could always have nice things and extra money to do things and go places . 
  despite personal reservations , she was okay with my nose ring and tattoos and i love her for it . 
  this is amazing and gorgeous and you 're talented . 
  i 've never been disappointed , really , by it . 
  i usually just feel secondhand-embarrassment squirmy reading the long chat between them . 
  i celebrated my friends ' wedding yesterday as part of her ladies-in-waiting ( bridesmaids ) with a costume i constructed this past month . 
  i have some step-by-step posts about the construction of the costume [ here if you 're interested ] ( https://vivologie.wordpress.com/ ) in my method !, 
  i based my design on tudor era dresses . 
  thank you !, 
  i just finished rereading hp6 last week and i wondered the same thing . 
  i generally like to think that slughorn just regularly brewed potions he thought he might need . 
  although i do n't think he thought he might need felix felicis . 
  however , harry accompanied dumbledore before his birthday ( right ? 
  ) , so slughorn did have a month to brew them if he started like latest august 1st . 
  diarrhea . 
  to clarify , only when i have it . 
  not on a regular basis . 
  `` i seen it '' or worse , `` i seent it '', 
  i take 17-20 min breaks instead of 15 because fuck you . 
  at my friend 's house waiting for people to arrive before we split for bachelorette and bachelor parties to commence . 
  in walks a local dj . 
  literally my first reaction was to gasp so loudly , it sounded like i was inhaling air after drowning , while simultaneously throwing my right arm up into the air . 
  my best friend quickly swatted me down . 
  he came over and shook my hand and i proceeded to tell him we were friends on fb . 
  firsthand secondhand embarrassment . 
  and now i know where i 'm heading tomorrow . 
  fuck yeah if it means escaping retail hell in order to colonize uncharted territory and go down in the history books . 
  i 'll actually be doing something meaningful with my life . 
  i did too . 
  i used to subscribe to it until i realized a lot of the posts there are really depressing . 
  no thanks . 
  i 'd rather be foreveralone by myself . 
  she did n't write cursed child . 
  she oversaw the writing of it and put her stamp of approval on it . 
  it 's zaboomafoo, 
  the wizard of oz . 
  i remember tuning in to it in romania as a child and seeing the wicked witch and she was just so scary . 
  granola bars , a blanket , tissues . 
  i also always have my gym bag in the trunk which houses pretty much a travel bag of essentials . 
  i finally bought miss jessie 's pillow soft curls creme in july when it was on sale at target ( x employee discount & redcard savings aaayyyooo ) and used it during the summer with air drying , but i did n't really like how my curls turned out then . 
  it seems to work better with blow-drying though . 
  =o i want your hair color . 
  thanks !, 
  they actually came out looking less full in this pic than they really are irl . 
  i 've wanted to go this blonde for a while , but every time i start the process , i make my hair stylist make me a redhead again . 
  it just kind of makes my hair more wavy when i use it with air drying . 
  when i first got it in july , there was one day where after sleeping on my hair , i decided to rewet it and reapply psc and found that it was overkill and it was disgusting and i had to wash my hair again . 
  usually just a nickel sized dollop works for me . 
  as for other products , i generally do n't use other products , but if i do , it 's just agadir hair oil spray . 
  i also use not your mother 's curl creme ( by itself , not with psc cause that would be cray cray ) if i want curls . 
  that 's it though . 
  thanks !, 
  hopefully it 'll be on sale again soon . 
  check cartwheel for offers too . 
  thanks !, 
  i do n't recall the last time i actually laughed out loud at something on the internet . 
  thank you . 
  i honestly did n't get what it had to do with slytherin either , but i thought it was hilarious . 
  i did a quintuple take on aberforth/mance ryder because shut . 
  your .
