  i 'd really like to actually . 
  i think it 's a good next sewing project . 
  just got ta dye my hair back to ginger . 
  thanks !, 
  is anyone else as annoyed by sansa 's wig as i am ? 
  beans on toast . 
  i really miss borders , tbh . 
  idk how to describe how cool i think this is , i 'm so impressed by the thoughtfulness . 
  gorgeous . 
  i 'm always impressed by the vintage feel of photos like this . 
  i noticed in the past couple days that some options seem to be missing under settings while i 'm watching whatever , but especially the sudden mysterious disappearance of the subtitles option . 
  i second your frustration op . 
  i will say in all the promos pics we 've seen , she 's wearing mostly stark style clothing , but she has that big ring necklace that she wore when she transformed into `` sansa of the vale '' which i think signifies some allegiance to lf , if only for show . 
  for anyone interested , it 's by mesiree ceramics studio and you can purchase other hp related mugs as well . 
  [ link . 
  ] ( https://www.etsy.com/shop/mesireeceramics ), 
  they probably assume that the majority of people buying the physical copies have already seen the show . 
  i 've only had one , but i 'm also pretty new at cosplaying . 
  this year at mccc , i was melisandre from game of thrones . 
  this short little man with a high pitched voice spotted me from several feet away , his eyes went huge and he seemed to get a little bounce in his step as he excitedly exclaimed `` you 're mel-ee-san-dray ! '', 
  ( btw , that 's not how it 's normally pronounced ) and i said yup !, 
  and smiled at him and stood there for a few seconds awkwardly , thinking he wanted a photo or something . 
  he did n't say anything , so i kept walking ( my brother was behind me ) and this squeaky fellow decided to walk right next to me a few paces , not saying a word , like we were chums , before awkwardly turning back around and walking the other way . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  theon 's torture scene where he gets his fingers fucked up . 
  i can not . 
  i 'm imagining it now and squirming so bad . 
  i need them . 
  tbh tho , one of those smaller ones would be a nice piece to have in your living room . 
  the massive ones would be great in office/work spaces . 
  at least in my ideal work space lol . 
  i get where you 're coming from . 
  i have n't delved into fanart for largely the reason of i do n't want to be come after . 
  but , if etsy were to do that , what would happen to the bazillion of other ways artists can profit from their fanart ? 
  is the fucking fanart police gon na go through cons and festivals or local shops and arrest people for having fanart for sale ? 
  that would be ridiculous . 
  it is up to the brands to take care of their licensing etc. 
  if they do n't want people making art with their character 's , then maybe they should offer more options or offer to buy a particular style of poster or whatever from the artists . 
  and tbh , i 1000 % like and own and support fanart compared to official art from the brands . 
  maybe i want this character drawn or designed in a specific style and the official brand does n't offer it . 
  well , that 's the beauty of fanart and being able to sell it . 
  those minimal movie posters are a hundred times cooler than the industry given posters , imo . 
  and i 'd rather support an artist than give more money to the corporate moguls who are already profiting in the millions and billions from their licensing . 
  you 're welcome op !, 
  gon na point out her necklace again - outfit , mostly stark , but that necklace is a visual representation of the allegiance ( for lack of a better word ) to littlefinger - or maybe like , power he holds over for because she `` owes him one '' for bob . 
  hmmm . 
  i had n't thought of that , but i do n't think it does because that 's the style of necklace she wore when she became `` sansa of the vale '' . 
  hmmm . 
  also a good theory . 
  i came across [ this photo ] ( https://68.media.tumblr.com/d219ad6fc006677bb63fa74a7c343b65/tumblr_oqsbbn1smu1vp00b2o1_540.jpg ) a few minutes ago actually and looking closer at her costume , she also seems to have feathers or feather-like leather pieces/embroidery on her bodice ( arryn - birds ) . 
  perhaps the necklace is a mixture of defeating the umbers ( although , tbh , they were n't as big a defeat as the boltons - sure they made up a large portion of ramsay 's fighting forces , but they were n't central in the storyline really ) while showing that allegiance to the vale . 
  hello 2004 , we meet again . 
  chocolate cheerios/rice krispies and buttermilk . 
  i knew someone would beat me to it , but yeah , got . 
  it 's the best 2 minute intro ever . 
  and it 's informative for what you 'll see in the episode each week . 
  yes . 
  i 'm currently listen/watching the series with commentary . 
  makes for interesting perspective on things . 
  you both look like you could be stunt doubles . 
  excellent cosplays !, 
  it 's one of the reasons i own physical copies . 
  this is so petty , i love it . 
  idk why i 've never thought of reading them like this ? 
  but now i 'm intrigued . 
  i need to read them again and then afterwards read them in character-order . 
  thanks !, 
  but did n't he show tyrion the sorcerer ? 
  he did in the show . 
  i do n't remember if he did in the books . 
  tree usb lmaooo, 
  i do n't drag my feet anymore after my bff 's ex-bf told me to stop one time because quote `` it sounds ugly and it ruins your shoes '' . 
  thanks ross . 
  there 's sunshine after every storm . 
  i just made an offering to the porcelain god using a squatty potty . 
  tbh , i ca n't poop without raising my feet anymore . 
  feels wrong . 
  tried it a couple times last year when peanut butter chocolate ice cream constipated me and yup , it works . 
  that 's exactly when i know i 'm gon na vom . 
  lmaoooo if only it was like that, 
  i really like the contrast of shapes and textures . 
  and great color scheme . 
  it 's just a really nice presentation all around . 
  i love that the next video youtube suggests after this is `` is ser pounce azor ahai ? '', 
  but also , i love the horns in these cleganebowl vids . 
  i think you 'd look great with a light ginger . 
  for some reason , i decided i should take pre-calc in 11th grade because it would look good on my high school transcripts when applying to college , even though i a. 
  hated math and sucked at it and b. 
  ended up going to school for fashion design anyway , and we do n't use calc in fashion . 
  anyway , the only reason i passed that class was because the teacher and i had a mutual teacher-student likeness for each other . 
  i would go home , start all of the math problems assigned , do half of the work on them because i could never figure out how to finish them off , fall asleep on the homework , and turn it in the next day , where i was given half points credits for attempting them . 
  bless you , mr. 
  sword . 
  you knew i sucked but you still gave me a b - overall . 
  `` wan na take a ride on my heelys ? '', 
  this is gooooorgeous, 
  [ are you referring to bad dragon ? 
  ] ( http://bad-dragon.com/products ), 
  romanian here , we 're all vampires . 
  and i eat a lot of garlic and onions .
