  i remember i wanted to go grab my aunt 's polaroid to take a picture but i knew if i ran inside , it would n't be there by the time i got back out , so i just stood there and watched it as it was defying the goddamn laws of physics and then slowly starting moving north and sped off at what looked like warp speed and literally disappeared in a flash . 
  we have pictures of me weeks/months afterward , sitting outside with a notebook , recording everything i saw in the sky , hoping i 'd see it again . 
  i never did , however , after sharing my story with one of my friends in high school , she told me she too had a very similar experience at night while she was looking through her bedroom window and saw a ufo spinning in the same manner . 
  guys , what kind of questions are expected in interviews for this position ? 
  i figure leadership type/situational - anyone have any tips etc ? 
  i need that . 
  10/10 would bang . 
  ouch . 
  cause they too damn expensive , time-consuming , and i ca n't support just myself , let alone another human being . 
  also , i do n't have anyone to procreate with . 
  shoes . 
  your mom is beautiful !, 
  and the piece turned out really well . 
  i keep thinking it 's a naval/wwii portrait and not graduation . 
  we 've got 2 memorable ones from what i remember :, 
  a friend 's older sister committed suicide via shotgun to the head the day before school started . 
  we 've had several kids with cancer , but one of them died recently . 
  i recall she got to meet taylor swift through a twitter hashtag campaign . 
  some guy out there has dragon dick . 
  i just saw this deck the other day at barnes and noble . 
  personally , i would n't . 
  when it comes to this kinda stuff , i prefer to keep things positive . 
  i feel like that deck would draw in negativity quicker , however it could also have plenty to do with the energy you 're putting into it soooooo really just a personal preference i think . 
  target recognizes 6 holidays where we get paid time and a half :, 
  memorial day, 
  4th of july, 
  labor day, 
  thanksgiving ( pretty sure ), 
  christmas eve ( pretty sure ), 
  new year 's, 
  shh . 
  ssshhh . 
  yes , yes they do . 
  and i told my tl i felt hopeless making this table look this good when we both knew it was gon na be torn up later anyway . 
  i wish i had a before pic of it , but i did n't have my phone on me when i started . 
  it looked like it was melting . 
  hahahahahahaaaa i feel you . 
  often times when i see people messing up my zone i 'll go zone right next to them and pick stuff off the floor that they dropped so they feel guilty and do better shopping damnit . 
  generally works . 
  `` to borrow a millennial term '' lmfao, 
  right !, 
  amadeus . 
  i forgot the entire context of the conversation , but i distinctly recall my high school psychology teacher whip out a bag of magnifying glasses and tell one of my classmates we 'd need these to find his penis . 
  i rejoined weight watchers !, 
  i re-learned how to ride a bike and therefore knocked another thing off my bucket list . 
  becoming more self aware of how my mental processes work when i 'm stressed and frustrated and making sure i chill out and take shit one step at a time . 
  wearing slippers after an ankle injury . 
  they sent me home . 
  so my mom took me out shopping instead . 
  a religious book that answered questions in the manner of what would jesus do ? . 
  it was not meant to be humorous . 
  my mom proposed to my dad and they 're still happily together , 25 years later . 
  depending on the area , detroit . 
  i only agree with your number 0 . 
  i can help out with this . 
  i have a few clothing items i kept that i made while i was in fashion school and was at my beginning weight , but i tossed everything else 3 years ago ( it was very difficult ) as a `` never again will i be this big again '' and for the most part , i did well enough . 
  i can still fit into my skinnier clothes , some a bit too tightly , but alas . 
  you 're right though . 
  it 's just making sure i track . 
  all the time . 
  these are gorgeous photos . 
  bad managers . 
  nearly all the managers i 've ever had have been incredibly awful . 
  that his girlfriend of 4 years wo n't have sex with him ( religious reasons ) and the most he 's been able to get out of her is a dry handjob . 
  they 're getting married next month . 
  i snorted . 
  absolutely gorgeous . 
  i figured this out by myself several years back when i read the font info at the end of each book . 
  ootp is also printed on slightly thinner paper . 
  but it 's still the biggest book . 
  i was just on amazon looking at that and considering putting in a preorder . 
  the question is do i need it ? 
  ( yes and no . ), 
  sorry i never have a before pic . 
  i ran upstairs to grab my phone after i did this lol . 
  yissss . 
  i just saw the print out next to our timeclock today and ordered the zip . 
  #goals . 
  this is really awesome and an incredible example of good use of money . 
  thanks !, 
  [ this video that i can watch over and over and never get sick of ] ( http://mackere.tumblr.com/post/87075012806 ), 
  i knew a girl who was convinced the sun revolved around the earth . 
  when i worked in jewelry , i had several customers who legitimately thought gold and diamonds were one in the same . 
  `` yes , but is it gold or diamonds ? '', 
  '' ... it 's both . '', 
  i had to explain on several occasions that gold , in fact , is a metal , and diamonds are rocks , and they are two different things . 
  how i deal with this department as well . 
  sooooo this gsa got fired for wearing black pants ?? 
  i did n't deliberately do it to get in trouble , but i wore bermuda khaki shorts on memorial day this year and i was fine , aside from a few leaders talking to me about it . 
  because you know , target 's totally okay with us showing our calves , but the moment you whip out some knees , it 's a red flag . 
  i thought you guys were gon na wear black pants to protest her getting fired for wearing black pants . 
  i 've always been personally amazed at the fastest healing part of your body - the mouth . 
  one time i bit clean through the side of my tongue . 
  it started healing within minutes . 
  painful , disgusting looking healing , but healing . 
  this was very informative , thank you . 
  circa 2001/2002 - when it was cool to wear triangular fishnet style wraps around your hips with your flared jeans . 
  that hair is outta control girl . 
  i still play neopets , this ai n't no fad bruh . 
  this was my first thought .
