  adorable . 
  i mean , from what i 've gathered , i think it 's along the lines of everything she 's laid out for us . 
  it 's that negative house and whatnot , but just because we perceive something as negative does n't necessarily mean that it is ( hence the ` misunderstood ' aspect ) . 
  you guys are intense . 
  i think i got it the first few times someone corrected my straight/de mistake . 
  eta : i did n't mean for that to sound snotty . 
  lmao i guess if you want to take it that way . 
  i meant it at face value . 
  i do n't socialize most of the time that i 'm not at work because most of my friends live out of state at the moment , so i do n't really get a lot of chances to meet guys . 
  just , the whole experience , from it beginning to hurt while i thought it was a bug bite or big pimple , to it 's still bearable pain ( because i 'm a goddamn pain champ ) until the point when it burst and i had to go to the er where the er nurse was impressed at how little noise i made while she fixed me up . 
  to quote , she said she 's had grown men screaming from the pain while i barely made any noise ( aside from a few sweet baby jesus !!!, 
  's and i 'm so sorry you have to do this 's ) . 
  what . 
  the fuck . 
  found as `` fount '', 
  seen as `` seent '' as in `` i seent it '' . 
  you have neither seen or seent anything you uncultured swine . 
  [ like this ? 
  ] ( http://smile.amazon.com/speck-products-candyshell--retail-packaging-/dp/b0093ihxve/ref=sr_1_3?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1461189488&amp;sr=8-3&amp;keywords=speck+white+and+black+candy+case ), 
  and i 'm a merchant on there too , i always forget to check them . 
  oops , i am a merchant . 
  are you seventycase ? 
  i recall over 10 years ago when my brother was very young , he 'd hang out with the kids from across the street , and they ( and their family ) told him that harry potter was a sign of the devil because his eyes were green . 
  ( he was wearing a hp tshirt at the time ) . 
  he stopped hanging out with them after that . 
  right ? 
  i was like 12 when this happened and i remember logically thinking so are all green eyed people of the devil then ? 
  wouldja look at that , i seem to have lost my panties . 
  check out [ seven ponds ] ( http://www.sevenponds.org/ ) too . 
  does your friend make and sell these for the galaxy note 5 ? 
  cause i 'm interested . 
  i 've never seen her look so cute . 
  i ca n't handle it . 
  i know . 
  it looks undercooked imo . 
  and i 'm not about warm mascarpone with raw egg either . 
  however , the orange slices look delicious . 
  spot on . 
  as a fashion design graduate , i 've always appreciated the costumery in this show . 
  there was an article about a year ago with detail shots of various dresses from the show that was incredible . 
  but i never quite noticed the costume progression in relation to her story like this . 
  i 've noticed it with sansa , though . 
  are there other in depth analyses like this for other characters out there ? 
  that 's ridiculously hilarious . 
  do you sell these ? 
  they turned out really well , i approve . 
  i thought those potatoes next to the hen were eggs , but decided upon first look that they looked delicious either way . 
  why did i click this , smh . 
  it 's not her nipples that are small , it 's her areolas . 
  i thought the same thing , but i do n't think so . 
  my best guess is that they jumped on a ship and caught up with trystane 's ship . 
  but as far as we saw in season 5 , only 1 dornish ship left harbor , sooooo was trystane on the ship that came ashore in king 's landing ? 
  and are the sand snakes now in king 's landing ? 
  i was wondering that too . 
  i * guess * it could be that whore that pretended to be nice to the unsullied and then murdered them , but she 'd have to have her hair pulled back cause there was n't any volume in hair . 
  eta : nevermind , that person has a beard . 
  it 's a guy . 
  sansa 's scene with brienne made me think `` full circle full circle ! '', 
  and also showcased a great side to sansa in that she is still unsure of her role - she looked to theon before she accepted brienne 's fealty , and she wavered with uncertainty about the exact words she had to say in acceptance . 
  however , i think she 's beginning to grasp and better understand her power . 
  was anyone else totally expecting obara to kill trystane despite nymeria claiming it ? 
  you could tells he did n't have patience for nymeria to do it , but i did n't expect it * quite * that close up i guess . 
  i was just thinking the same thing . 
  how is this even a plot hole in any form ? 
  i love how happy you look . 
  like ramsay  kill walda  roose gets `` mad ''  kill ramsay  acquire sansa ? 
  i was also a bit confused about this . 
  based on s5e10 's portrayal of her encirclement by the dothraki , it appeared that they knew who she was . 
  i was under the impression that we were being shown khal jhogo or whoever it was that was drogo 's bloodrider who abandoned them rather than kill himself along with drogo . 
  but instead we have this khal moro . 
  who dis . 
  and also , yes , although i do n't think it 's ever said aloud in the show or in the books , you would assume that the dothraki already have ` legends ' as it were about khal drogo , a man with hair so long because he never lost a battle , and his alabaster skinned , white haired wife who birthed 3 motherfucking dragons into the world . 
  but then , her khalasar * was * killed in qarth , at least in the show . 
  my thoughts during this scene were `` this is the most he 's spoken in 6 seasons . '', 
  not me but one of my best guy friends - his now wife wanted to wait until marriage to do the piddily diddily . 
  i recently spoke to him about it , and he said quote `` i ca n't remember the last time i had sex . '', 
  she 's not really into it and i feel so bad for him cause he really is into it . 
  our mutual friends definitely have a pool running for how long their marriage is gon na last . 
  we also think she might not be interested in sex like at all and only did it to satiate him for a bit . 
  so ... are you waiting now because you 're about to get married orrr ? 
  i only ever bar hopped for the sake of bar hopping once , for a bachelorette party . 
  it was exhausting . 
  never again . 
  plus , i prefer quieter bars anyway . 
  you can actually get your drinks in a timely manner etc. 
  did they though ? 
  i thought at least one of them left cause he was pissed at dany for various stuff including allowing mirri maz duur to do magic on drogo . 
  ahhh , thanks for the clarification . 
  people . 
  are . 
  crazy . 
  idk , he 's told me she finds it painful/uncomfortable . 
  we 've all known she was kind of afraid of dicks , but like ... now that they 're married , as a normal person , i 'd think you 'd want to at least try ? 
  internet high 5 for toilet reading !, 
  this is awesome . 
  but tbh , i 'm mostly jealous that he gets to work with micro-lenses . 
  given that he wo n't even go to a therapist for his own issues ( because he certainly has some that need professional help ) i highly doubt they 'd go to a sexual therapist . 
  she 's very shy and introverted and i do n't think she 'd be open to discussing their troublesome sex life with a counselor . 
  you 're right though , she does have that innocent mentality and nervousness and i 'm sure that 's got plenty to do with it . 
  do you carry a purse ?
