  how does your fitting room operator have time to do fitting room duties between all of that ? 
  gin and tonic because i 'm an old man at heart . 
  but i really enjoy variations on it too , like gin and limeade . 
  it creates hype in a fandom who 's ` real ' canon was last published nearly a decade ago . 
  that sounds like a nightmare . 
  i believe in you stranger !, 
  plain and simple . 
  that is all . 
  eta : jk - the embroidery on cersei 's shoulders , oh my * god * . 
  i like this because it runs in the theme of `` coming full circle '' as i feel things are doing so far this season . 
  once again , as a fashion design graduate , i greatly appreciate these posts . 
  it 's so enchanting seeing the sheer amount of work and detail that goes into these costumes . 
  every closeup of those sleeves has me like `` wow !, 
  * tight with the faith *, 
  prisoner of azkaban :, 
  where suddenly things take an extremely dark turn but end jovially . 
  also order of the phoenix looks like it belongs to the crypt keeper . 
  poor remly baratheon . 
  how dare u, 
  i 'm not gon na ask * why * he threw it in the trash because it was obviously shock , but i do wish he 'd have kept it to show to the police . 
  i 'm not even perturbed by the fact that apparently frogs * do * sound human-like when they scream - but i * am * perturbed that you fucking snatched a frog out of a snek 's mouth wtf . 
  i 'd have screamed like that frog and ran back inside . 
  that 's badass . 
  i can not with you . 
  you 're not scared of sneks but spiders make your butthole whistle . 
  i 'm not saying i 'm not afraid of spiders , because they generally startle me , but i 'll take a spider over a snake any day . 
  a couple years ago it was quite seasonable up here in michigan because my mom and i ran across 4 or 5 snakes that year for the first time in all 16 years that we 'd lived here . 
  i * screamed * . 
  eta : i 'll also take a spider over a motherfucking centipede any day too . 
  i have n't seen spiders in my house in a long time because i 'm certain all the centipedes i see and murder are eating them . 
  i need more of this . 
  thanks - i was n't sure if there were spoiler tags cause i wanted to tag it myself . 
  i have n't encountered a scorpion but i did look out for them during my visit to dallas a couple years ago . 
  my uncle 's ex-wife stepped on one while getting in the shower once . 
  not a fun time . 
  i agree . 
  i still do n't find `` ilvermorny '' to be pleasing sounding either . 
  it is known . 
  this scene made me lol tbh . 
  of * course * he farted , the old toad . 
  fifthed , ugh . 
  damn ... i was n't hype at all about cleganebowl but that video got the hype molecules jiving . 
  no , i noticed it too . 
  over the years of learning to look for inconsistencies , things like the time on a clock , drink levels and other small indicators are interesting to look at while watching something to see where they changed cuts . 
  are you asking how to beam it to your tv from hbo now ? 
  we beamed it via chromecast . 
  this is a theory i have n't heard before . 
  why would he do that though ? 
  he does n't like being in the limelight so it 's not like he 'd be seeking the meerenese throne . 
  he likes advising for great leaders and he seems to fully believe dany is worthy of his advice . 
  why destroy a rising empire ? 
  all i kept thinking was goddamnit reddit was right during that scene . 
  and then an endless screaming of noooooooooooo . 
  i thought he was gon na cut olly down . 
  glad he did n't though , that little fucker deserved it . 
  ohhhh , i see . 
  idk , i do n't believe it . 
  make printed copies , sell the copies , keep the original . 
  that got me all kinds of geeked out hype . 
  well that 's an interesting explanation . 
  slightly more plausible i think . 
  lmfao at the daario one . 
  i really miss ed skrein . 
  he was so much prettier . 
  also , rickon tho - 5/7 . 
  mind . 
  blown . 
  i obsessively imdb every actor that i 'm even mildly interested in to find out what they 've been in . 
  it always impresses people when i know who so-and-so is and what they 've played in . 
  i was n't that excited about the tommen x high sparrow scene , but , i did watch the body language during that scene closely . 
  i think it 's important to note that tommen walks in on the high sparrow on his knees , so tommen has the upper hand , but then the high sparrow gets up and they 're equal on standing foot . 
  then the high sparrow decide to sit down , which is a bit awkward because the king is still standing , to which he asks him to sit down as well , and now they 're both docile and * equals * , which helps the high sparrow get his point/message across without seeming like he 's using intimidation . 
  it 's kinda cool watching various characters turn unequal playing fields into advantageous ones for themselves . 
  tyrion does it a lot . 
  + the hair . 
  he sported that hairstyle all his life . 
  i thought they were playing the rains of castamere too , i even said it aloud to my brother . 
  this makes more sense though . 
  i 'm gon na forgive him cause he 's still hot af . 
  similarly , i was a tm for 6 months before i got my first tl interview ( did n't pass 3rd round ) and now i 've been in training for 8 months ( was promised 4 ... ) for another interview , which i 'll be having on wednesday . 
  i forgot about this and i just cackled . 
  hahahaha but you * do * when you 're trying to level the playing field . 
  check and mate . 
  these are so beautiful !, 
  what kind of cutting tool do you use ? 
  does your hand get tired easily doing these ? 
  i 've always found x-acto knives to be hindersome , but i should probably replace the blades more often . 
  * heart eyeballs *, 
  this is a gorgeous example of what nature and time can do . 
  i do n't think tormund would bend the knee , god bless his ginger beard . 
  can i just say that 's great casting for the umbers too . 
  they have similar facial features and stature . 
  this sounds like a pretty well founded theory . 
  before you mentioned any names , i thought perhaps little brother could mean margaery , even though she 's not a male and cersei never did marry loras . 
  i * wish * i was joking . 
  monday our huddle was 55 minutes . 
  bleeding star sounds like a comet to me . 
  do n't ... do n't say that . 
  like this :, 
  sometimes it takes tms a little too long to get to huddle , then when we 're there our recognition takes like 5-15 minutes depending on who 's there ( if it 's our stl , you can bet recognition is gon na take around 15 + minutes ) plus he always like to take like ~ 10 + minutes to talk about whatever he feels he needs to talk about like safety and being your best self and all that other bs , then , depending on who 's running it , we got ta do reshop after recognition , and then , especially on monday 's because that 's when the lod that takes the freaking longest is there , we have to basically deep-zone stationary because he 's crazy and refuses to call it until it looks perfect , basically .
