  i drank a lot of tea for a month though . 
  what kind of cheese ? 
  oh man , that sounds delicious . 
  dude . 
  do you have any goat cheese vouchers left ? 
  well , it was worth a shot hahaha . 
  these are fantastically hilarious . 
  from that first picture , it seems to have a sort of hilt at the bottom , and then like a 3d effect that to me looks like a criss crossing rope throughout the length of it . 
  it depends on my mood . 
  masturbation comes in waves for me in recent years . 
  i 'll go periods of time where i masturbate every night before bed , sometimes more . 
  then i 'll go weeks or months without masturbating at all . 
  and if i take claritin-d , i have zero interest in anything sexual at all . 
  i only ever started to do this when i had some crazyass constipation because i read about it on reddit . 
  saving assholes one vagina at a time ... or something . 
  i ca n't say i 've ever compared tits . 
  but my high school bff and i occasionally bring up the fact that we each like the scent of our boobs . 
  not each other 's boobs . 
  our own boobs . 
  well , it depends on the stimulus . 
  i 'm not constantly thinking about fucking a guy or whatever , but i often imagine what various guys ' sex lives must be like when i see them irl and so on . 
  yes . 
  i started experimenting with highlighters . 
  my friends in high school found this out during a game of truth or dare , and consequently did not let me live it down . 
  they even highlightered my lawn for my 18th birthday ( instead of forking ) . 
  i also received a highlighter that one of my friends had rigged to have a switch that turned it on to vibrate . 
  not generally . 
  pretty sure he is a closet homosexual , yeah . 
  a + vascularity, 
  the extreme and terrifying disorientation that occurred when i decided to look away from my left to the back of the chair in front of me during take-off on my last plane ride . 
  it was like my brain and my eyes stopped communicating and i started panicking because i could n't focus for a couple seconds and everything was chaos . 
  tbh , i came here to say that i originally read this thread title as `` mind blowing space ** fart ** '' . 
  there 's many a thing i found odd when i first moved to the us . 
  i particularly remember finding peanut butter to be a wtf item for my young palate because it was everywhere and everyone was eating it in pbj 's and i loathed until about ~ 5-6 years ago . 
  and now i have 1/3 of a pantry shelf dedicated to different pbs . 
  i also very distinctly recall finding crayons to be absolutely ` what the fuck ' is this shit . 
  i 'd never seen a crayon in my life because we only used colored pencils back in the home country and i was discontented and unimpressed with crayons to the point that my first grade teacher and fellow classmates gave me colored pencils to use instead . 
  i broke up with one of my k-12 friends during her later college years because she got so deep into weed , it has * literally * ruined her life . 
  she blew through a year 's worth of tuition on weed in her last year of college and she also ended up in a psych ward after consuming weed laced with plastic ( ? 
  or whatever it was ) that knocked her unconscious for several days and then fucked her up to where she did n't know who/where she was . 
  she 's tried to rekindle our friendship , but it 's not the same and this is not the version of her i want to be friends with . 
  it was crayola , which i like . 
  but crayons were foreign to me and i just did n't like them . 
  i think the 5th movie was absolute garbage . 
  the baking branch of culinary arts . 
  there 's just something about the nearly instantaneous gratification of having baked something that pleases not just myself , but everyone i share it with . 
  there should never be a diagonal line in a family tree . 
  printed on my ap english class 's tshirts after we read a bunch of plays and books involving incestuous relationships . 
  specifically after reading oedipus . 
  his style of directing is definitely what made this movie easily the most detestable . 
  i have n't read it yet , but i 'm sure i 'll probably selectively consider some parts canon vs. nope nope nope . 
  that was lit . 
  i 've been watching cbc because i ca n't stand nbc 's crappy coverage . 
  eta : cbc has also been broadcasting live , whereas nbc started their broadcast an hour later . 
  if any of you are within range of canadian tv , i highly recommend watching the olympics on their channels . 
  i 've been watching cbc an hour prior to nbc 's broadcast because they 've been broadcasting live and there 's waaaay less commercial interruption . 
  every time i come to this subreddit , i leave laughing my head off . 
  especially after glancing at the origin pic . 
  keep it golden guys . 
  the harry potter series . 
  if they ever re-do the movies , it should be as a tv series . 
  maybe in the style they did the tale of the three brothers . 
  i 'm in the metro detroit area and yup , that is exactly what we do and * exactly * for that reason . 
  i love this . 
  he looks appropriately like a madman . 
  one of my religiously religious friends once gave me a book for my birthday about like `` ways to find god '' or some bullshit . 
  she did n't even wrap it . 
  i threw it away the minute she left . 
  [ flat earth chips . 
  ] ( http://www.underconsideration.com/brandnew/archives/flat_earth.jpg ) i run the fb fan page for them and i constantly get bombarded with questions about where to find them , but they 're not made anymore . 
  yup . 
  i never had the middle/high school/college and beyond experiences of boyfriends/romantic relationships . 
  this affects me in a variety of ways , mostly emotionally/psychologically in terms of feeling like i 'm not good/attractive enough to have a bf/relationship and also lowkey terrified of the reaction of whoever it may be that may want to be in a serious relationship with me when they find out . 
  i also feel as if outsiders probably think `` what 's wrong with her ? '', 
  when they find this out , however i must say 100 % of reactions have been entirely opposite of that ( everyone has been supportive and kind ) , so i know it 's just my paranoia about the situation . 
  i learned how to ride a bike in my childhood and did so for 2 summers until one day , i stopped out of fear . 
  i do n't know why , but i did . 
  i decided last year , for my 24th birthday , to gift myself [ this beauty ] ( https://i5.walmartimages.com/asr/b8f49258-f0de-465b-95f8-3a2dcf2a5aa9_1.f270cad14c8523886113e2d546fc531c.jpeg?odnheight=450&amp;odnwidth=450&amp;odnbg=ffffff ) and with the help of my dad , i re-learned how to ride a bike and it is so exhilarating . 
  how many parents can say they taught the same kid how to ride a bike twice in their life ? 
  it 's never too late . 
  i 'm the same way with the age thing . 
  i was always the mature one in a set of friends/peers in our youth . 
  but now i feel like i 'm the most immature one comparatively . 
  everyone 's out doing amazing things with their lives and i 'm still living at home buying barbies and trying to rekindle the creativity of my youth . 
  from personal experience on a flight : blendoku . 
  where 'd you get the mirror of erised ? 
  does being knocked out for the removal of all 4 wisdom teeth count ? 
  it felt like nothing . 
  i remember counting back from 10 , hitting 8 , then nothing , and then coming to , hearing the nurses talking and my first words were `` that 's it !? '', 
  because it felt like 5 minutes , not 1hr + . 
  realizing i got 15 minutes to get to work . 
  thank you !, 
  sean biggerstaff is still hot af . 
  i was absolutely expecting something hilarious at the end of this . 
  the internet has spoiled me . 
  does voldemort even sleep though . 
  i 've never imagined him doing such normal things . 
  ooo , i had n't ever seen this one . 
  i 've watched the snape one a couple times and really enjoyed it - i thought the casting was spot on . 
  idk why i never thought to explore their channel further .
