  not me , but i recently heard on my fav morning radio show of a couple who caught the wife 's mom trying to breastfeed their baby . 
  $ 75,000 emerald earrings . 
  i understand this . 
  i 've never seen my parents kiss and when they hug , it 's because my dad 's feeling particularly happy so he 'll bear hug my mom while she tries to escape him . 
  she does n't like showing affection and therefore , any time affection like that is shown from them , it 's super awkward because we 're not used to it . 
  she 's relatively huggy-kissy with us kids though . 
  also tbh i do n't think i 've heard either of my parents tell me they love me more than like maybe a small handful of times in my entire life . 
  i know they told me they loved me when i totaled my mom 's car on the freeway and got out with just a scratch . 
  but otherwise , there is no `` i love you `` s thrown around in this household , because that 's also an awkward thing for us . 
  preface : my family is originally from romania , been in the us for 19 years . 
  i heard my dad say cucumber for the first time ever a few months ago and he pronounced it coo-coom-bear . 
  i died . 
  i am rolling my eyes for you . 
  i suppose it 's more of a jim to dwight thing ? 
  dwight/jim prank at any rate . 
  my best friend and i saran-wrapped our boss 's office the day before she came back from vacation . 
  it looked like a spider 's lair . 
  [ here 's my bff amidst it . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/a/xaq1q ) neither of us were present when our boss came back and first saw it , but our other boss was and she told us she was * pissed * and ripped it down almost immediately . 
  worth it . 
  goddamnit , this is the second thread tonight that 's mentioned knuckle cracking and given me the itch to crack mine . 
  thanks . 
  it was more of the male anatomy . 
  i recall in 5th grade learning that boys ' `` balls dropped '' at puberty . 
  for whatever reason , i thought the balls were like part of the penis , as if small ping pong balls were inside of it . 
  i read a lot , and i read challenging books that allow me to learn new words ( i 'm always long-tapping on kindle to see definitions ) . 
  i learn a new word every day thanks to the dictionary.com app on my phone . 
  i actively and intentionally practice empathy . 
  it allows me to see things from other people 's perspectives which allows me to communicate easier/more swiftly etc. 
  idk if this happens to anyone else , but sometimes a certain section of my hair on my head will have been bent in a way that is n't normal for it , so when i touch that area it hurts but it feels so good . 
  i 'll rub that section of scalp on purpose to feel the pain . 
  you guys mean they 're just like dry and uncomfortable , not like actual pain right ? 
  he had more than a minute , but haldir in lotr : the two towers . 
  the last time this happened to me was in 2009 when i was visiting my family back in romania . 
  i was visiting one of my grandma 's , and we were trying to sleep and there were a few mosquitos buzzing by our heads . 
  after a few minutes , she was like fuck it . 
  turned on the light , grabbed the vacuum , and she fucking vacuumed these motherfuckers up i swear to god . 
  lol thanks !, 
  because she 's not seasonal , so the firing process is longer . 
  my local lucky brand jeans stores seem to have no problem with this . 
  every time i go in there , they have a whole new staff . 
  i think i might later today . 
  i 've got a good moon pic from last month in my archives . 
  that first shot of saturn in your album is fire . 
  i got to look at jupiter ` up close ' through a giant homemade telescope last year and it was the coolest thing ever . 
  idk why i did n't think to photograph it through the lens with my phone at that time . 
  how do you take deep space photos ? 
  no , this is super helpful . 
  i 've always wanted to try astrophotography ( my focus is macro/floral/food ) but any time i try it , it 's no better than take a picture with your camera phone . 
  but now i know why . 
  i mean , i 've had telescopic lenses in my amazon wishlist for years , but i did n't think about special mounts that help with the earth rotating - which i should 've , since i run into this problem all the time when i 'm roaming the skies with my telescope . 
  i 'll have to look into everything you 've mentioned , but thank you so much for the low-down . 
  i 'll definitely hit you up again if i have more questions . 
  this is absolutely gorgeous . 
  but did your arms also have to be in the air high above your head ? 
  because i definitely had to do this in kindergarten because i talked about the devil with my classmates . 
  i like looking at willow trees , but acacia trees are pretty bitchin ' cause i can eat their flowers and they are delicious . 
  also chestnut trees . 
  so i stopped watching it on tv a few years ago when they entered season 3 and the peter pan storyline started because i ca n't stand the peter pan story . 
  last month i decided to give it another chance and power through it , and ended up binging it all on netflix . 
  it 's actually kinda interesting . 
  every half season they change the storyline of what fairy tale they 're in to `` keep it fresh '' although after watching this damn show for like a month and a half straight , they 're basically always trying to save henry or storybrooke , so it 's not that fresh . 
  still somewhat entertaining at least . 
  apparently so was your comment . 
  got ta say i love that there 's a reddit court , ayfkm . 
  that 's badass stitchery . 
  i love the presentation . 
  god bless . 
  `` i seen/seent it '', 
  no , you saw it . 
  i hear `` all-timers '' a lot . 
  3 part tv miniseries actually , of jk rowling 's the casual vacancy . 
  gurl how . 
  i wish my hair would look even decent when i wake up . 
  wow , that 's an incredible shot . 
  omgggg jealous . 
  i have no advice for you , just sympathy because my electronics ppl are in the same boat as you . 
  they 've been assaulted by guests and have no time to do reshop or zone this week and all the leadership team can talk about is snapping back to brand . 
  y' all need help . 
  tbh i wish we were allowed the option of wearing khakis/jeans/black pants . 
  especially black pants . 
  jeans were a great improvement . 
  ummmm i 'm too drunk to get up and take a look but i 'm pretty sure it 's a conair , it 's metallic magenta pink and i got it at like a target or something . 
  the diffuser is a big saucer that came with it . 
  i have a spot on my chest that feels like a deep pimple kinda . 
  it never goes away , but i can squeeze out like white fatty stuff and it kinda smells bad . 
  you 're welcome , 
  usually when my hemorrhoids are acting up . 
  grab a cotton pad and soak it with thayer 's witch hazel and apply to your butthole . 
  it 'll sting momentarily , but , it 'll help soothe your butt , i promise . 
  also , calendula ointment . 
  if you 've got a painful popping jaw , you need to see a dentist asap . 
  yaaassss, 
  hunter burgan of afi . 
  i 'm also followed by afi . 
  idk why . 
  along with a handful of other alternative rock bands and several fashion companies & designers . 
  i need more photos . 
  the wizard of oz . 
  the wicked witch was terrifying to my young eyes .
