  but anyway , cardamom is amazing . 
  get you some fragrant spice in yo life . 
  i use it in place of cinnamon or alongside it a lot . 
  i make cardamom pancakes almost every sunday . 
  ugh , it 's just so good . 
  gloria, 
  snake bite kits as nipple suckers . 
  they work better than the intended nipple suckers . 
  the hbo ccssshhh sound that denotes the start of the game of thrones theme . 
  lol i do n't watch anything else hbo so i 'm conditioned with this sound . 
  round a week . 
  i got constipated from eating crackers , bleu cheese and apples for every meal for a week ( i was addicted to this combination ... ) and by the time it came to take a shit , i ate like every high fiber thing i could get my hands on - beans , lentils , pure senna tea . 
  i legit thought i was gon na have to go to er to have this turd removed . 
  thankfully it came out , but not without a struggle like i 've never had before or since . 
  it was like slightly larger than a can of pop and i could n't flush it so i had to scoop it out and throw it away instead . 
  i ate fiber one cereal for like a month after that . 
  my asshole was traumatized . 
  i remember laying in bed with a pillow under my ass after that watching like pbs . 
  do n't tempt me . 
  that 's awesome . 
  good job with clean details . 
  hmmm . 
  i think he 's definitely going to learn a lot more about dragonglass/obsidian while at the citadel and how it defeats the others . 
  there 's a lot of talk about it in the books . 
  maybe being a ` magician ' will go hand-in-hand with that . 
  is anyone interested in doing a career reading for me ? 
  i can do a reading for you in return . 
  rebooting my phone did actually help me . 
  it is known . 
  i do n't understand - both of you are quite attractive . 
  i 'm just confused as to why you 'd degrade yourself by saying why she 'd sign up for you . 
  i mean , i get it . 
  being full of oneself is n't necessarily a pleasing quality , but you 're certainly not ugly . 
  also , congratulations , that 's exciting news !, 
  i thought rape too , but every time i watch that scene i also get a sense that he 's just going to torture her in various ways aside from rape . 
  no , i just wear red and khaki for fun . 
  come on homie . 
  is that their official name ? 
  they 're the hooky thingies that we use to keep things like pajama sets together . 
  i need like a crate of them cause they 're always disappearing . 
  what is sap ? 
  yup , i noticed that too . 
  he was already huffy-stuffy about everything . 
  thanks !, 
  i generally answer truthfully to the how are you questions . 
  they all had babies young . 
  chocolate cheerios/rice krispies with buttermilk . 
  sounds gross but they 're perfect together . 
  add smoked fish to that and it 's * divine * . 
  vanilla bean ice cream with honey , especially pine honey , drizzled on top , is sooooo good . 
  this one really broke my heart, 
  yes this is why they 're buying glue , to make homemade silly putty . 
  apparently we got a whole shipment in ? 
  i 'll see how long it lasts . 
  we have a lot of calls and questions about borax . 
  i was surprised we did n't have that up there . 
  i did n't even notice that . 
  i 'll try to remember to do that tonight . 
  i need this . 
  but did you watch them all in one day ? 
  last time i did that , i ate a whole loaf of garlic bread by myself . 
  it 's dragonstone . 
  i also pick up pennies/other change and i definitely believe they 're my grandpa saying hello or telling me things will be okay . 
  they 're just skulls though . 
  i 've always been under the impression that the skeletal members of the night 's army are skeletal because they 've decomposed as time wore on , not because they were resurrected skeletons from the earth . 
  also , it 's been mentioned throughout the series that it 's just the skulls , not the full skeletons , that are kept at the red keep . 
  we saw arya hiding in a skull in season 1 . 
  so even if they could give life to skeletons , they 'd probably need all of the bones . 
  it 's an interesting theory , but unless it 's confirmed that they can ressurect * skeletons * , i do n't think it 'll pan out . 
  lbt 6 had bitchin ' jams, 
  astronaut then fashion designer . 
  i got a degree in fashion design . 
  i like to incorporate space in my art . 
  i was n't born in the us , but i 've lived here for nearly 20 years . 
  * probably * because of my heritage , we never wear outside shoes in the house . 
  we have designated house shoes for in the house that do not leave the house . 
  and * hell no * there is no putting of shoes on beds or couches , that shit is nasty . 
  guests take their shoes off when they come to my house as well . 
  who is sharing toothbrushes, 
  i also wash my hands after touching pets . 
  my hands always feel heavy with oil and whatever else when i play with animals and i would n't ever want to scratch my eye etc without making sure i 've soaped up and rinsed off first . 
  i always try to either grab where i think most people do n't reach for ( like the very bottom corner or something ) or if i can use a tissue or my elbow of my foot to kick it open etc. 
  i love emory boards but i hate the idea of anyone filing my nails for me . 
  i have n't had it done since i was like 5 , but it haunts me to this day . 
  do n't ever work in retail or in a restaurant . 
  easily , because it 's delicious . 
  gorgonzola is better . 
  lmao jaime at the end . 
  i love sansa 's full embrace of northern fashion ( you rock that wolf fur gurl yass ) and tyrion 's smokey tunic and missandei 's black leather ensemble . 
  i think this season is gon na be fantastic for costuming . 
  eta : but is that chain and link around sansa 's neck a symbol that she 's still attached to the vale via baelish ? 
  hmmmmmmm . 
  there 's a theory that blue eye belongs to a giant , based on the look of the surrounding flesh . 
  that would be a pretty awesome spin-off series tbh especially if it was like a spin off series that took place during got 's time span but all you hear is like rumors about what 's happening in westoros and essos and they you see someone like gendry show up . 
  do n't go breakin ' my heart < / 3, 
  me too . 
  i 'm sad she did n't just dye her hair back to ginger . 
  `` i 'd like to recognize x for saving another guest 5 % each and everyday with our target red card , good job x , keep 'em rolling in ! '', 
  and then someone will respond with `` woo hooo !, 
  good job x ! '',
