  that said , i definitely agree . 
  feedback is super helpful and encouraging . 
  this is so beautiful , i can not stop staring . 
  gorgeous capture !, 
  i just found the pleiades with my telescope tonight . 
  frank at la fitness . 
  lovely older gentlemen , used to be a marine , loves motorcycles and has a son in dallas that he visits . 
  he loves swimming and has a lot of near-death experience stories to share . 
  miss ya , frank . 
  gorgeous !, 
  i like that !, 
  the vm is like a glorified brand team member , but they 'll be assisting the vml/vmtl with sets/pog work/upkeeping brand standards etc. 
  it 's just a tm position , not a leadership position . 
  i have n't personally encountered a hired vm as of yet , but if they 're going to be working alongside the vml/vmtl , they 'd be getting mostly morning shift hours with a closing or two . 
  although tbh , that might be up to the discretion of the store . 
  i 'm a brand team member , but i close 85 % of the time that i work . 
  i work mornings/open when i 'm doing pog work or vml work . 
  is that like an extra mannequin ? 
  i run into this shit all the time . 
  there was a period of time last year where i kept coming across clothing that was n't ours with our tags on it . 
  i always bring them to guest service and remind the girls to please double check everything . 
  flat earth chips !!, 
  i run the fb page for it and i 'm always getting questions about where to find them . 
  but they 've been discontinued for like 10 years . 
  always amusing to see how many people identify with ravenclaw . 
  scuse me , i need dat . 
  i am such a geek for vintage style travel posters . 
  i love these . 
  one of my favorite gifs/clips . 
  she is so suave . 
  they turn turning in bed into a much bigger workout if we 're being honest . 
  i wish i could remember them all . 
  mugglenet and other fan sites had lists going . 
  the only one that comes to mind is that the last word of the series was going to be scar . 
  re-reading current available books . 
  spending a lot of time on fan sites like mugglenet and hp forums , as well as trying to get every possible clue and inkling out of jkr 's website . 
  watching the movies !, 
  engulfing myself in hp merchandise . 
  this is beautiful !, 
  i love feminine wands so much . 
  the herps . 
  yeaaaaah , still , no thanks . 
  i loved it . 
  could 've done with maybe a little less volume at the top and front of her head , but those ringlets are beautiful . 
  it 's glass all around , so i did not . 
  pretty good for the first day . 
  my hair always looks like shit when it 's curly and i 've slept on it though . 
  miss jessie 's feels weightless but it has a small threshold that if you cross , you can feel the product . 
  at least that 's how i perceive it . 
  yes !, 
  it fits in a couple xtava hair dryers . 
  i use the peony hair dryer - the straight hair diffusers it comes with are amazing and it 's a really quiet dryer . 
  i bought the orchid diffuser by them separately , all on amazon . 
  and thanks !, 
  my hair is ridiculously voluminous , i honestly never know what to do with it when it 's curly . 
  thanks !, 
  and it is an amazing diffuser . 
  thanks !, 
  that 's hilarious . 
  i feel secondhand embarrassment watching this . 
  today i had a couple stand like 5 inches behind me talking about the tshirts i was folding . 
  like they were practically whispering in my ear . 
  what the fuck . 
  baby wipes because my asshole deserves to be ultra clean . 
  like the people in movie theaters who leave all their food and drinks spilled everywhere . 
  thank you !, 
  obviously you have to watch it now . 
  i call it broom hair . 
  does it have air bubbles ? 
  i got distracted by your gorgeous face . 
  i kinda see it . 
  i was the highly artistic/creative smart girl who everyone turned to for spelling and correct pronunciations . 
  working at target . 
  the sacred rule : ** never go ass to mouth ** ( or vagina ), 
  but not * that * far . 
  do n't be gross . 
  why 's this the first time i 've read this on this website, 
  this is how selfies are done . 
  he forgot there 's rumors/talk of cures for greyscale in asshai and/or beyond . 
  i submitted a similar photo like this a couple weeks ago , but with miss jessie 's . 
  i have n't used not your mother 's in a long time so i thought i 'd try it out again tonight and i forgot how much i like it . 
  comparatively , miss jessie 's makes me hair fluffier ( look and feel ) while not your mother 's seems to group my curls together better and keep the fluff down more . 
  i also find that miss jessie 's builds up in my hair quicker than nym - i can add more nym product without feeling i 'm like weighing my hair down . 
  also for anyone wondering about the diffuser , [ here 's a link ] ( https://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/b01mzytelj/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o07_s00?ie=utf8&amp;psc=1 ) . 
  i also have verizon . 
  i have n't had the 4g issue ( yet , knock on wood ) . 
  also rebooting seems to have fixed the camera issue . 
  but the slow turn on thing is still happening . 
  i have n't heard this theory before but it seems plausible . 
  i like it . 
  my issue with it is that it falls apart when one or more persons do n't do their reshop hour and then you have like 3 full 3 tiers to do and now you got ta enlist the help of other people . 
  and then , it also takes you away from your zone . 
  lately , the way my store 's been doing closing shift , i do n't get into my zone until 8:30 / 9 and i got 3 zones to do and i have a reshop hour !? 
  shits got me heated , y' all . 
  the minute your shirt looks too orange/purple/pink our stl will say `` that 's an interesting shade of red '' . 
  we can not wear anything other than khakis colored pants ( our stl does wear green khakis tho , so he has 0 room to comment about that ) and i 've never seen anyone wear plaid or patterns outside of designated plaid weeks . 
  does a massive escaped pig count ? 
  i got chased by one as a child , saw my life flash before my eyes . 
  i 'm going to say cardamom because i feel like not enough people know about it or how it smells and tastes . 
  i do because metro detroit is like the cultural melting pot of the heavens and we have every cuisine you 'd ever want here .
