  the wizard of oz . 
  the wicked witch was terrifying . 
  thank you !, 
  i bought a package of googly eyes once so i could put them on all the items in our fridge . 
  got about 2 containers done before i gave up . 
  mom notices a few months later and was really confused about why the cream cheese had googly eyes on it . 
  yes . 
  baby steps , i believe in you . 
  the fact that i have a billion things to say about this and that , but i filter myself to the point of not saying anything at all oftentimes because i do n't want to be criticized for my opinions . 
  this is especially annoying in career situations . 
  my 6th grade math teacher once told me not to interrupt people while they 're speaking/having a conversation . 
  i nearly never do and when i do , i make sure to apologize and then allow them to finish what they 're saying . 
  now if only everyone else could do that shit for me . 
  you 're welcome . 
  i 've struggled with weight all my life - in the past few months , i 've been doing [ workouts with this guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/yaboymillhoy ) and i 'm super pleased - i can even do a few normal pushups and i have muscles i never had when i was just lifting weights . 
  give it a go if you 're interested and do n't be harsh on yourself if you ca n't do some stuff at first . 
  a willingness to try is the first step . 
  and remember , weight loss is supposed to be slow . 
  if you 're losing weight fast , you 're not doing it right and you may end up causing more damage than good . 
  cheers !, 
  tripe because that shit is nasty . 
  eta : i also do n't eat fast food ( mcdonald 's , bk , kfc , arby 's etc etc. ), 
  or and i do n't drink pop . 
  have n't in about a decade and do n't crave either . 
  the only fast food i 'll eat is zoup !, 
  or panda express once in a blue moon . 
  i find american confectioneries are all about sugar sugar sugar rather than like flavor . 
  you do n't need 5000 pounds of sugar to make a dessert taste good , smdh . 
  i also do n't like frosting , at least the american kind . 
  might as well inject me with diabetes . 
  one time , my mom bought a bunch of sobe energy drinks . 
  i discovered the loot and decided i should taste test all of them , so i drank like a quarter cup of about 8 different sobe 's in a couple minutes which about equaled the contents of one bottle . 
  half an hour later , my heart was *** racing *** and i had no idea why - so i texted my personal doctor aka my best friend who has to deal with all my hypochondriac b.s. 
  and we 're running through reasons why this could be occuring and she goes `` did you have anything with caffeine ? '', 
  and i was like o_o oh shit . 
  never again . 
  i have 2 bags of clementines downstairs that i 'm way too excited to throw down my gullet . 
  mmmmm , two delicious things i ate yesterday . 
  pickled beet & apple salad with chicken livers , yummo < 3 . 
  have you ever had white raisins ? 
  far superior to regular raisins . 
  that 's my favorite part of head cheese . 
  i 've never had homemade raisins and now i 'm jealous . 
  i consider it fast food because of it 's calorie/fat/carbs / protein content factor . 
  it 's like `` gourmet '' fast food , but it 's fast food . 
  not often . 
  and when i do , i usually end up drinking it too fast and then i have the racing heart issue lol . 
  i love ahs but i can not finish season 4 . 
  the last several episodes i ` watched ' were really just put on in the background while i did other stuff so i could clear them on netflix and feel accomplished , but i have n't finished the season . 
  honestly an xbox . 
  $ 300 + of fun , yes , but $ 300 i could use elsewhere . 
  that 's the most intense dark mark i 've ever seen . 
  any form of the word `` oscillate '' . 
  it always manages to tickle someone 's pickle . 
  plethora ? 
  do you mean * placenta * ? 
  there was a verizon wireless commercial in like ~ 2003 when phones were just starting to be able to play videos and i remember it was set in an office and this one guy holds up his phone and screams something about being able to view `` sports clips !!! '', 
  play-doh . 
  my brother would like to add - yu-gi-oh cards . 
  well hello stranger , 
  they already have domesticated foxes , but a fox . 
  all the domesticated fox videos i 've watched have only made me love them more than i already did . 
  they 're amazingly intelligent , affectionate , and playful creatures . 
  my fury . 
  i 'm in the 1 % that has orgasm  color/texture synesthesia . 
  i am so jealous . 
  i had to give mine up about 3 years ago :(, 
  this breaks my heart , while i 've suppressed a lot of the shit that was said/done to me when i was young and fresh in america , i still recall this one kid who made it a point to always pick on me for my clothes ( often thrifted at the time ) . 
  fuck you and your rich middle class family james . 
  this is what it 's like every day in detroit . 
  lmao i love laughing along with people , thank you so much for this . 
  omfg this is golden, 
  [ ben phillips ' water bedlam ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bp34c-ju_pq ), 
  his laugh gets me every time . 
  this happens to me a few times a year . 
  actually happened earlier today . 
  one time when my bff was visiting from philly ( we always sleep in the same bed ) i 'd fallen asleep in such a position so as not to disturb her sleep , that i 'd cut off the circulation of the entirety of my right arm from my shoulder down , and i recall being woken up by the odd sensation , leapt out of bed in horror , and swung my arm like it was jelly . 
  felt like what i imagine harry potter 's arm must 've been like in chamber of secrets when lockhart makes his bones disappear . 
  bff woke up , looked at me like i was crazy , and went back to sleep . 
  i 'll occasionally have the sensation , usually on my thighs , as if someone is touching me with a very hot hand . 
  i get involuntarily twitches in various parts of my body that last a about 30 seconds . 
  however , once i had this happen in my ear and it lasted a couple weeks . 
  i went to the doctor and they ran some ear tests , said everything was fine . 
  very disconcerting feeling , not being able to stop it and constantly feeling/quietly hearing what kind of feels like a little banner fluttering in your ear . 
  i do n't think i 've ever had a migraine , but i 've had painless visual migraines . 
  it 's beyond disconcerting knowing what it supposed to be in front of you , but you ca n't see it straight on . 
  there 's a sequel !, 
  i can totally understand flinging it away . 
  i very fervently read the last 3rd of the book last night in one sitting and i almost wanted to fling it away from me cause it was breaking my heart . 
  i 'll check out your suggestions though !, 
  really ? 
  i 've downloaded it already . 
  [ hey kid by bad seed rising ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nvyrngcke0k ), 
  fill it yourself stations . 
  this is something i brought up in another thread a while ago , but one of my hopes/visions for the future is to have fill-it-yourself stations for all kinds of stuff like laundry detergent , oils , honey , cereals , so on . 
  and the price would be set by the ounce or whatever . 
  it would eliminate so much waste . 
  there are some places that have stuff like this - my local fresh thyme market has fill-it-yourself oils/vinegar/honey stations . 
  i think it 's brilliant . 
  meanwhile , i see centipedes and no spiders * horror face *,
