this is lovely . 
  did you guys make the lion head piece or did you buy it ? 
  i need that + the other 3 houses in my life . 
  omg that frog/toad is fantastic . 
  first of all , why are you concerned with the amount you have ? 
  i feel like in the synesthesia community , the more you have , the more interesting you are . 
  secondly , i 'm not a scientist or psychologist , but i do n't think having more is an indicative of a brain disorder . 
  and tbh , i 've never considered synesthesia a disorder , but rather an enhancement and an asset . 
  it lasted a couple days , but it looked much better than right after inventory !, 
  bloody brilliant . 
  i think i 've found my newest project . 
  i love these !, 
  added them all to my favs on dart . 
  i never really noticed they changed the bronze to silver either . 
  i like the bronze better , it balances everything out . 
  also , you should make a black hogwarts crest version too !, 
  i approve . 
  i also like the rest of their portfolio . 
  moonbucks coffee - yes please . 
  jfc , thank god he could n't accept . 
  well , semantically speaking , i guess you could `` teach '' yourself synesthesia in that you could program yourself to remember that something is ` x ' color or whatever , but the truth of the matter is that you would n't genuinely be experiencing synesthesia , which is involuntary and organic . 
  and i think no matter how good you could get at forgetting that you programmed yourself to associate stuff , you 'd still know in the back of your mind that it 's not genuine . 
  does that make sense ? 
  so while you could ` teach ' yourself to associate ` x ' with a color etc , ` y ' would still be blank to you - while to someone with real synesthesia , ` y ' is n't something they have to think about because they 're already experiencing it synesthetically without having to go through a process of assigning an association . 
  i like this parallel . 
  personally , i do n't believe he 's dead . 
  but we 'll have to wait and see what happens either way . 
  it 's pretty satisfying for those few minutes that the zone lasts . 
  do you guys have a breakout board at your store ? 
  if so , look on the broad to see what your zones are and whether or not you 're tethered to train with anyone . 
  if not , you should be grabbing a walkie anyway , so use it to ask an lod where you 're at and/or who you 're with . 
  i 'm personally good with associating people 's names with their faces , so it did n't take me long at all . 
  but i worked evenings for the first few months , so i did n't know more than half the team that i never saw cause they were morning shift/flow members . 
  now i 'm on flow + softlines , so i know pretty much everyone . 
  ask hr or someone you feel comfortable with to help you out with it . 
  it 's relatively easy . 
  ooooohhhh yes i do . 
  i have several letters and numbers with multiple colors . 
  j , h , k , v , w , z. 
  the numbers 0 and 1 . 
  yes , i read for my friends . 
  i find that the ` bias ' is helpful in understanding the cards better . 
  unfortunately , i do n't have a link to that post or link or whatever it was - it was a topic in the group over a year ago . 
  but here 's the link to the group in case you wan na join and see if you can find anything : https://www.facebook.com/groups/2226778430/, 
  i 'll give you the sun by jandy nelson, 
  tbh , i 'll read my kindle books on my phone sometimes if i do n't have my tablet with me . 
  i prefer the larger , book-like screen better , but sometimes you got ta do what you got ta do . 
  your trainer should be showing you where the walkies are . 
  at our store , they recently moved them into a ( sometimes locked ) closet and we have to check them out . 
  your trainer should be able to show you how to use them , but it 's relatively easy . 
  there 's a twisty nub at the top , turn it to the right to turn it on , then you press the big button and talk . 
  there should be 4 channels to talk on , channel 1 is the main one . 
  the plus/minus buttons change the channels . 
  this is seriously incredible . 
  i imagine it must 've been as tedious as pointillism . 
  i 've had mine for over 2 years and i 've never lost anything on it . 
  maybe it 's just yours ? 
  no , i 'm pretty sure it 's common to feel that way . 
  my o is black too . 
  but my a is red . 
  sell it . 
  to buy ? 
  probs not . 
  to recieve as a gift ? 
  i 'm not opposed . 
  will there be sweetass flair or nah, 
  i believe we have 1 gtsl and 3 ( ?? 
  maybe 4 ? ), 
  gsas . 
  i have no idea how many cashiers we have in total because there 's always new ones , but there 's a lot of them . 
  i 'd guess maybe 30ish total ? 
  mobile does n't have electronics keys at our store either . 
  they can only grab phones and such that they sell from their own lockup , but they ca n't really help with electronics inquiries . 
  absolutely . 
  tbh , i always wanted a harry potter encyclopedia with all the characters she 's ever mentioned and their backgrounds etc etc. 
  but pottermore is fulfilling that . 
  i have fallen off my bed and ca n't get up , thanks reddit . 
  a bit surprised i did n't know this was going on , but it looks like it was amazing . 
  maybe next year . 
  really dig your sound and wish i could add your music to my spotify playlists . 
  ( will you guys be on there anytime soon !? ), 
  also liked your fb . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  i 'll bookmark the link to your music so i can remember to check on spotify in the coming months/year for you guys . 
  also , my name 's viviana , 
  was it just written ? 
  my friends and i did that too . 
  from what i recall , the post on the fb group was about spoken made-up languages . 
  ( i had a spoken made up language as a kid . ), 
  i 'm honestly not sure whether purely written languages count . 
  i 'm fairly certain detroit is full of these kind of treasures and it gets me pretty geeked out . 
  awesome , hopefully i 'll be able to make it out to some !, 
  and thank you !, 
  clothes . 
  amadeus . 
  i peed my pants ( i refused to use public restrooms ) while on a recreation center trip , and my elementary school principal drove me home in her own car , still soaked with pee , because my mother would n't pick up the phone because she did n't recognize the number . 
  normal cut . 
  i 've only seen the director 's cut twice and it makes me uncomfortable . 
  hahaha i approve . 
  yes , we 've had ours since august 6th .
