  yes !, 
  specifically full body rocking out to songs that match my mood . 
  answering the dumbest ( and easily solved ) questions - like where are your bathrooms ? 
  oh idk , right there where there 's a huge sign . 
  and why ca n't i get this scanner to work ? 
  because you got ta fucking hold the item still !? 
  among others . 
  the times tables . 
  probably makes it easier since i have synesthesia though . 
  i think i 'm wet . 
  that 's badass though , for real . 
  probably cause it sounds weird . 
  i think most people are pretty attached to ` muggle ' . 
  personally i think it sounds like it belongs in australia rather than the us , butttttt , since fbawtft takes place in the 20s , i can see how it would fit in there . 
  if you 're still taking them , i 'd appreciate a reading to get another perspective in on my current life situation . 
  a couple things :, 
  i lost a lot of noticeable weight . 
  still working on this , but other people 's reactions to it boost my confidence . 
  i worked one-on-one retail sales - made me be more outgoing , receptive to strangers talking to me , and more likely to initiate a conversation . 
  shit , i forgot this on my list , but fuck yes . 
  i feel like power lifting goddess when i lift , especially when i can go up in weights . 
  tall nerds with short beards and ( sometimes ) glasses who get geeked about the same/similar shit i do . 
  ooo girl you 're just my type, 
  you got a pulse and you are breathing, 
  i have been into way too many guys who 've been emotionally unavailable/didn ' t reciprocate . 
  hello . 
  did n't know it was a guilty pleasure until a few years back when i noticed everyone apparently really does n't like them . 
  when someone interrupts me while i 'm telling a story and does n't let me finish . 
  i wish my store 's leadership team was lax enough to be able to pull this kinda stuff . 
  i 'm jealous . 
  last year on halloween , i was at my friends ' party and i we discussed it at large and i mentioned that i had it . 
  fast forward into the wee hours of the night , i was curled up next to this guy getting touchy feely , and he started whispering/blowing into my ears/otherwise providing triggers . 
  it was amazing . 
  best one night makeout session ever . 
  yes . 
  `` what have you been up to lately ? '', 
  or likewise . 
  it 's always difficult for me to answer because i never feel like i have anything exciting to talk about and somehow it always reverts back to my career . 
  i thought it was friend , but i guess we goin ' hardcore tonight . 
  i see absolutely nothing wrong with this . 
  pleasure thyself !, 
  * high 5 * i am also a proud owner of a white violin that i can not play . 
  i got it on ebay though . 
  and i always get looks for it cause i 'm a 24 year old female . 
  i love my old man drinks , aight ? 
  you just made my heart hurt . 
  i believe they assume i 've had sex according to some of the things they 've said , but the truth is i have n't . 
  you are a monster . 
  because as i 've stated in other threads , i 'd like to be blasted off this fucking planet into deep space . 
  peace out bitches . 
  fire-roasted bread . 
  i pop those babies on the stovetop for a bit to toast each side and it gives a sandwich stellar taste . 
  also , fresh garlic sauce . 
  get yourself some from a middle eastern cuisine restaurant . 
  burned by ellen hopkins, 
  i 'll give you the sun by jandy nelson, 
  the handmaid 's tale by margaret atwood, 
  it 's in my book queue , but i loved the movie . 
  i rarely see movies twice in theaters , but i went twice to this one . 
  i started reading this the summer before senior year of high school and got pretty far in before i quit for some reason , but i recall it being engrossing and easy to read . 
  i 'll have to pick it up again . 
  * frequently interrupting and not allowing the person to get back to what they were saying . 
  ghost shark, 
  because the guys i 'm into are one of the following : emotionally unavailable , taken , hundreds or thousands of miles away , not into me . 
  partly because i probably do n't go out often enough to meet guys who are n't the above . 
  & other miscellaneous reasons . 
  ooo laaaawd noooo, 
  i can attest to that - my best childhood guy friend was very `` flamboyantly gay '' when he first came out . 
  he 's since chilled out very much . 
  being wasteful in general . 
  i 've long thought it 's stupid that we do n't just have like reusable containers that we can go fill up on products at the store from - like detergents/various foods . 
  it would make so much more sense to have large dispensing vats of stuff to go refill from than having billions of plastic containers that get thrown away more often then recycled . 
  i 've done this to get rid of headaches . 
  what the fuck, 
  i imagine the sex lives of strangers ( and people i know ) in detail based upon the energy i 'm picking up from them . 
  mine does too , with various cooking oils . 
  may natural selection weed them out . 
  yes , but i meant for big box stores . 
   masturbating into 100 dollar bills while pouring champagne over their nipples . 
  10/10 will incorporate this line into my vernacular . 
  toni collette . 
  as someone who sees my friends do this to each other , i agree !, 
  there is no need to take your relationship problems into the public domain for everyone else to know your shit . 
  it 's embarrassing and as a friend , i do n't need to know about it unless one of you specifically tells me . 
  [ bubak and hungaricus from amadeus ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmxa-bf8wyi ), 
  1 in b flat minor ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ztiw2r1ealm ), 
  maybe we could have like cute little icons that represent each type of synesthesia ? 
  like a rainbow for grapheme , musical note for sound , some kind of food related for taste ( coffee or something ? ), 
  etc, 
  kinda . 
  mine shows up more like a feeling of knowing that ` x ' feeling is this color or texture . 
  so drawing from my synesthesia , my advice for you is to first and foremost decided what elements you definitely want to incorporate in your deck . 
  but more importantly , pick what elements you want to specifically represent each suite . 
  for example , for the swords suite , i 'd choose something that 's like pointy or rough around the edges and embodies the significance of the suite , you know ? 
  is that a turd, 
  [ yes ] ( https://24.media.tumblr.com/bb090983f200862bccc3d5b69ed2ef7b/tumblr_n0uw3xlsid1t6742xo2_400.gif ), 
  [ thicker than a bowl of oatmeal ] ( https://38.media.tumblr.com/c58bada9bb36bcc7385acf431a32cf75/tumblr_ncdiaqwgxc1qkd8xuo1_400.gif ), 
  not mine , but my brother 's most recent response to everything is `` does a bear shit in the woods ? '', 
  to be so filthy rich that i do n't have to go work tomorrow for my money . 
  being able to truly not give a fuck about chronically stressful situations .
