  every day . 
  especially when i just folded these tables and now you have the fucking audacity to touch my perfect tees ? 
  you swine !, 
  that 's weird . 
  we just hired a second tps and our whole ap team has been doing ap stuff not being weird and overly friendly with guests ? 
  thank you for that sub link , i went down a deep rabbit hole there . 
  richard ? 
  it 's not atrocious , it 's just not visually coherent/uniform . 
  compote , in english for you . 
  literally we 're not that much better , aside from the friendliness . 
  they got rid of their handbaskets . 
  fuck you wal-mart and your no-hand-basket-ass . 
  i came here to add them to the list . 
  their first album was amazing in that it had that gorgeous rock twist to just your generic pop music . 
  and then slowly they started incorporating more digital sounding instrumentals and more top40 style tunes and i 've just been so over it . 
  i 'd rather hear harder to breathe every day of my life until i die than listen to their current style of music . 
  blegh . 
  wuuuutt . 
  i 've heard this song a million times and never knew it was about him !? 
  but this is the first time i 'm watching the video so ... 
  chocolate cheerios ( or some kind of cocoa cereal ) with buttermilk . 
  the only time i 've liked balsamic vinegar was with a watermelon-arugula-gorgonzola cheese salad . 
  i 've never heard of this ? 
  this has never worked for me . 
  that gave me anxiety . 
  93 % english , 6 % random romanian words and phrases , 1 % spanish words like `` naranja '' for orange . 
  thank you !, 
  i just got the glass box today and i 'm really pleased with it . 
  it makes them look better , 
  i thought this was gon na be about lady stoneheart . 
  thanks !, 
  the container is about the size of a platter ? 
  about 12 inches long , 6 or 7 inches across and about 4 inches high . 
  that sphere in the corner is solid copper . 
  i probably should 've uploaded a photo today cause i just got 4 new specimens . 
  when i graduated high school , my aunt gave me the bible my great-great-grandparents were married with in the brief time they spent in ohio before they sailed back to romania . 
  it 's over a hundred years old now and in nearly like-new condition . 
  my aunt also had to go through a lot to get the bible into her possession because some distant relative had it for some reason . 
  i will now request my mom to make her baklava . 
  jesus christ , it 's good . 
  i had a friend who was a terrible driver to begin with and one time i was in the car with her when she pulled out her phone and started texting - of course she started swerving all over the place and i yelled at her that `` i want to get home in one piece to my family thank you very much ! '' . 
  she also would speed up in right turn lanes before making a turn . 
  i feared for my life many times . 
  [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rz-kwk2svh0 ) . 
  a little background : i have n't properly worked in illustrator since i graduated from college , about 4 years ago . 
  this is a challenge for me cause i definitely forgot how to do a few things and i had to google/watch other videos to figure stuff out . 
  plus , the person in the video has cc and i have cs6 so that whole rounded corners shortcut is not as easily accessible to me . 
  buuut i really like the way it turned out . 
  hey thanks !, 
  i really like this . 
  kinda reminds me of the art from wildwood dancing . 
  it also gets stuck zooming out and jsut gives the dotted box any which way i go , no matter how many times i click or whether i click with my wacom pen or laptop mousepad . 
  anyone know what 's up ? 
  hmm , i know i had the magnifier selected on my screen , it 's strange it 's showing that . 
  i think it was malfunctioning because i was streaming to twitch via obs . 
  it did n't get stuck zooming in and out when i stopped streaming . 
  you 're probably right . 
  alright , thanks . 
  i do my eggs like this for easter but i only dye them once . 
  my designs take anywhere between 30mins to an hour . 
  hers probably take a little longer . 
  keeping up appearances . 
  i 'm sad netflix got rid of it ( again ) cause i was in the middle of a re-watch again . 
  i 've seen a lot of milky way core photos but this is probably the most beautiful . 
  frank , an elderly man i met two nights in a row at the gym in the pool who initially complimented my backstroke and then talked with me for 4 hours and told me all about his love of motorcycles and his numerous near-death experiences . 
  the guy who stopped to make sure i was alive and well when i got in a high speed accident . 
  do n't know his name but he stayed with me the entire time until my dad and state police arrived . 
  more like who . 
  my boss . 
  ashley , amanda , brittany , caitlyn , hayley, 
  aiden, 
  spelling variations included of course . 
  does she strive to live in the world of idiocracy ? 
  jeremy irons would literally be perfect as lord arryn, 
  wow . 
  you 're a translating champ . 
  they were great for when i forgot a hair tie , but otherwise , i completely agree . 
  any name that ends in the sound `` ayden '' makes me want to projectile vomit on the people who picked it out . 
  hey guys ,, 
  is anyone interested in doing a career reading for me ? 
  i do tarot myself , but i 'd * really * appreciate a reading from another perspective . 
  thanks . 
  it 's nice to know guys do this too . 
  i feel physical pain from the shame because i know i should n't be doing that . 
  every time . 
  [ a map i found . 
  ] ( http://www.infobarrel.com/media/image/141626_max.png ), 
  [ and another map . 
  ] ( https://atlasoficeandfireblog.files.wordpress.com/2016/12/the-world-of-ice-and-fire-with-latitude.png ) on this one it 's right down by ulthos . 
  hoping for something about sothoryos . 
  literally every time our gstl is in charge , or the starbucks tl watches . 
  i could n't find an appropriate merlot/burgundy fabric :( but at least my robes match the book description , 
  thank you !, 
  i actually bought prescription colored contacts from desio specifically for this cosplay . 
  hahaha someone said something along those lines to me today . 
  well , i did birth a black balloon demon on stage for the costume contest . 
  they 're good , right !, 
  thanks !, 
  i made sure to get contacts that looked the most like carice 's shade of blue, 
  thanks !,
