  i still sleep with it . 
  a walk to remember, 
  the fault in our stars, 
  it may take a minute to get used to their taste if you 're used to american style pickles that have that super strong taste . 
  lowell pickles are more subtle imo . 
  but that juice tho . 
  does n't iasip use this ? 
  i would love a tv show - much like game of thrones , there 's plenty of content to do a tv show and do it right . 
  i have recently started collecting stamps . 
  mineral specimens . 
  hellboy art . 
  i also have a vast collection of pens and stationary cards . 
  pumpkin pie . 
  cashews . 
  i feel like texas would try to take over its neighbors . 
  i 'm observing . 
  true , however , the people we elected in congress who pick the members of the electoral college are the majority that matters , and they let us down . 
  what thrift stores do you shop at !?!? 
  i keep going to salvation armies and value worlds around here looking for hp copies - no luck . 
  i find butterfingers to be particularly disgusting . 
  i love pb + chocolate , but butterfingers are an abomination . 
  i salivate in the presence of pad thai , stuffed cabbage rolls , jet 's pizza ... 
  when someone asks me `` having fun yet ? '', 
  ( which happens really often ) i immediately start singing `` is n't hard , when you 've got a library card ! '', 
  ( thanks arthur ), 
  snape looks particularly disturbing to me . 
  probably a vampire . 
  appropriate instrument . 
  and beautiful sound !, 
  you 're the second person to have mentioned he paid in exact change . 
  this is interesting . 
  nikon . 
  i grew up with it , i learned on it . 
  and i used to be loyal to calvin klein eyewear until bobbi brown rolled out my current pair of glasses . 
  eta : lucky brand leather purses . 
  i 've been collecting them for ~ 10 years now and even the most used ones i have look like new and continue to withstand the abuse they go through . 
  15/10 will always recommend . 
  oh , and also , ferrero rocher . 
  a few years ago , one of their execs sent me an array of their pens to try out after i gushed about my g2 's on instagram i think it was . 
  i still have the acroballs she sent me cause they 're also * amazing * . 
  was sad not to get an orange g2 though :( . 
  i 've got ta say though , of the little copic markers i own , i prefer them over prismacolor 's . 
  but my wallet does not . 
  i do n't even eat beef , but that was a nice video . 
  [ i 'm glad i was n't the only one to make the ariana-obscurial connection . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  also , i want a bowtruckle . 
  lol i actually do consume meat , just not anything other than birds or seafood . 
  why thanks !, 
  i do n't generally like decks that do n't have the all the card names spelled out on them , but this one is one of the few where i 'm okay with that . 
  [ the moment he brought that necklace out , i knew it was grindelwald . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  [ they panned on his head right after the opening scene . 
  that was my first `` hmm , * probably * is grindelwald ... '' moment . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  i came here for this . 
  the customer is right like maybe 5 % of the time . 
  i thought the same thing when i saw this picture earlier today . 
  love this idea . 
  and you do an exceptional job !, 
  you 're welcome , 
  are you sure ? 
  jfc . 
  yes , and not just cause she 's conventionally pretty . 
  i can never forget the time this girl two grades above me said there 's no way you can drive to alaska from the continental united states . 
  the whole class had to give her a geography lesson and she still did n't believe it for a solid 10 minutes after . 
  ghostbusters . 
  saving private ryan . 
  firstly , they greet my family before my family has a chance to greet them . 
  they offer to take their shoes off/help with dishes if they ate . 
  they say thank you often . 
  i 'm not a teacher but i remember in 7th grade we had a packet to do that * apparently * was based on some sampling of a book we had to read . 
  i did n't know this and i had no idea what the questions were asking about , so i invented a scenario i could use to fill it out . 
  i was the only one who missed this crucial info , but i still got credit for it because i finished the whole packet . 
  i was always taught that i should greet people first if i 'm entering a room . 
  i really do n't think it matters . 
  i 've walked into larger groups and said hi first . 
  what is this sorcery . 
  the chorus but it 's currently available to stream . 
  also blue is the warmest color . 
  so good . 
  two nights in a row at la fitness a few years ago , i was in the pool and ran into an old army veteran named frank in the pool who initially complimented me on my backstroke . 
  we ended up chatting until the gym closed and he told me all about his life , his near-death experiences , his love of motorcycles and going to dallas to visit his son . 
  he was charming and nice and sharp-minded and i still look for him every time i 'm at that particular location , but i have n't run into him again . 
  everything about this is gorgeous . 
  tbh i had to look up what it was , and now i want to try an experiment . 
  it 's snowing outside so it 's not like i have anything better to do . 
  probably still my favorite phone i 've ever had , however :, 
  battery life is blah . 
  i charge it like 2-3 times a day . 
  also running out of space so the sd card option not being an option with this generation is a major bummer . 
  lmao too much . 
  i hate myself for being on it so often . 
  i 'm replying to you from my phone right now . 
  if i 'm working though , i only charge it like once or twice . 
  there were no words exchanged , just a literal neckbeard looking guy got too close to me , sniffed me , and looked me up and down like a juicy steak before making a `` mmmm '' sound . 
  i wanted to vomit . 
  have you tried meetup.com ? 
  there 's groups for everything on there and it 's a good tool for meeting people with common interests . 
  i have a varying schedule , but my day generally consists of work , getting a work out in , going out and about by myself , browse the internet , read , watch netflix .
