  i just read it for the first time a couple months ago . 
  i thought it was engrossing until like halfway through and then i was like zzzzzzz are we done yet ? 
  not washing their hands , but i * always * want to scream `` ewwww u nasty !!!!!! '', 
  i have a couple old acquaintances ( brother and sister ) who are so mordibly obese that they have all kinds of health problems , but i recall them always coming in to work saying they went to the doctor for this and this but the doctor does n't know why this and this is happening my thoughts were always like `` o_o literally it 's because you 're obese '', 
  ewwww, 
  this particular situation is hilarious , but i totally understand . 
  ca n't stand slow people . 
  especially when they take up the whole damn walkway . 
  nothing all too special . 
  i 'd just finished a dinner date with my best high school friend at our favorite indian restaurant . 
  i was walking back to the parking structure , and out of no where this lady pops up and asks me if i have any money to spare for food , so i just gave her my leftovers . 
  she thanked me profusely . 
  it felt good . 
  doctors here in america seem very happy to prescribe drugs so easily . 
  ( personally , mine is reluctant and often recommends homeopathic avenues if possible , but anyway ), 
  i never once heard these friends tell me their doctors recommended they lose weight to solve their health issues , although i hope they were told so . 
  unfortunately , they 're both obese in the same sense as those `` my 600 lb life '' people where they look like wall-e blob people . 
  i wish them the best , but i ca n't stand to hear them complain about their health problems that they literally would n't have if they were n't that large . 
  yes , we 're going to do pwat again sometime soon . 
  lmao do n't make me laugh, 
  i 'm genuinely sorry about that . 
  my grandpa had diabetes , so 5 years ago when i finally decided to be serious about weight loss for my health , my greatest consideration for doing so was that i resemble so much of that side of the family , that i refuse to allow myself to get closer to diabetes by things that i can control . 
  if that makes sense . 
  that 's a good point actually . 
  i mean , i used to get offended when my doctors told me i needed to lose weight when i was younger , even though i knew i should . 
  when they `` seen '' this and that . 
  no bitch , you did not seen . 
  you saw . 
  i had a lady at checkout this past holiday season who insisted that the $ 28 sweater she was trying to purchase was $ 10 because the sign above that rack said $ 10 , even after i told her i knew exactly what the sign said and what it was for , and it was not for the $ 28 sweaters , it was for the tank tops that were sharing the rack . 
  likeeee bitch i work here . 
  i know my fucking merchandise and how we do our sales . 
  i found out my biggest turn off is when a guy is n't into squirting . 
  i literally dead-pan stopped being aroused and dried up when a guy told me that once . 
  pushing them up . 
  cleaning them , even though the process and end result are satisfying . 
  $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ on new ones when your old prescription does n't work anymore and they do n't make your frames anymore . 
  aaaaaaaaaand this is why i 'm terrified for the well-being of this country when it 's in the hands of ignorance . 
  spending too much time in missionary . 
  * zzzzzzzzzzz * next . 
  eat bleu cheese , crackers , and granny smith apples all day every day for a week . 
  birthed a poop so big that i could n't flush it down the toilet . 
  i was certain i 'd have to go to the er and have it surgically removed after being constipated for that whole week . 
  that 's because that 's correct . 
  but `` i seen this movie '' is not where as `` i 've seen this movie '' or `` i saw this movie '' are . 
  and the amount of `` i seen '' i 've heard is gross . 
  i will pray for your asshole . 
  when i worked in fine jewelry , i had to explain , on multiple occasions , that gold is a metal and diamonds are rocks after being asked `` but is it gold or diamonds ? '' . 
  bitch , it 's both . 
  they 're two different things . 
  yes . 
  i find that doctors in america are quick to give you drugs to assist the symptoms rather than get to the root of a problem and actually do some healing work . 
  but then again , the american healthcare system is n't about healthcare so much as profits that benefit the pharmaceutical companies . 
  it 's all a business , which is infuriating . 
  and then you end up having a nation hooked on drugs and you wonder why the fuck all these tragedies happen and why there 's so much emotional discord among people and all this other stuff . 
  sarmale in romania !, 
  made with either sauerkraut ( my preference ) or grape leaves . 
  romanian - we have a lot of food i feel i should recommend . 
  but i 'll go for [ placinte cu branza ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwa_n5lxzrq ) which is basically like ... feta cheese stuffed fried pan breads . 
  but can also be stuffed with potatoes or sauerkraut or whatever else . 
  pretty sure it 's regional . 
  we 're romanian and my mom makes some pretty amazing orange infused baklava with walnuts . 
  in 6th grade , i recall interrupting two of my teachers while they were having a conversation to ask a question ( that was time sensitive actually , but alas ) and the one that ended up being of my favorite teachers of all time chided me and told me i should never interrupt two people speaking to each other . 
  because of this , i 'm always careful to wait until a conversation is over or at the very least apologize for interrupting before i interrupt . 
  we 're supposed to go out to painting with a twist again , but i 'm not sure when . 
  i ca n't even handle how awesome this is . 
  did you do the other houses too ? 
  #poufsouffle . 
  i love that there 's a subreddit for this . 
  you * would * be lurking on reddit . 
  cheers jb !, 
  not offensively , please !, 
  but of all the game of thrones actors in the realm , you seem like the most down-to-earth & likely to spend time on the interwebs surfing reddit . 
  also * oh my god * john bradley just replied to my comment , i 'm not fangirling or anything right now ... 
  the quadratic formula . 
  i came for the asmr , but the message in this video was what i needed to hear today . 
  i had to stop watching half way through cause i could n't handle fucking pajamas for $ 46, 
  right !? 
  i was like why is anyone buying flat for $ 40 i hope they got them on sale , damn . 
  9 , no 1 in b minor by chopin ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfgvwyjhkco ), 
  that babies came from storks dropping seeds on the ground for the mom to eat and then 9 months later , they delivered the baby . 
  it 's my favorite section . 
  i 'm always down for reaadings - i 'm in if you 're still offering . 
  omfg , and i watched it when it was on the air . 
  it 's how i learned about the game of squash . 
  and they sha n't be fed because they ai n't gon ' die . 
  i 'm pretty sure no one has forgotten this as it 's all over the press at the moment . 
  that said , he * is * a disgrace to the state of michigan and it brings me glee to point out to people who voted for him that * this * is the idiot you gave your vote to . 
  makes me want to vomit . 
  is that the quadratic formula ? 
  man , fuck that shit . 
  my great-grandmother fell into a well and drowned but was rescued and revived . 
  anyway , she told the family dying was peaceful and that god told her it was n't her time to die yet so she had to come back . 
  she said also saw the most beautiful blue sky she 'd ever seen ( always tried to pin-point the color and never could ) and spent the rest of her life wishing she could die for good . 
  i 'm sure she was hella happy when she finally did . 
  have you ever had them roasted with provolone , bacon , walnuts , and cranberries/craisins ? 
  delicious . 
  that recipe is how i got my bff who hated brussel sprouts to like them . 
  one time , i bit into pizza rolls and the innards were not pizza roll deliciousness , but rather chunks of some yellowy-clear hard but gummy substance . 
  almost vomited . 
  have n't eaten pizza rolls in at least 10 years .
