  our hrtm is really nice - she 's peppy , understanding , can relate to a lot of stuff we complain to her about , etc. 
  ca n't say the same about our hr-etl though . 
  ours is worse . 
  that 's what i was about to say . 
  stop being so attractive , damn . 
  no because i look like a bridge troll when i 'm working . 
  i have n't seen it in 3d and i lived hahaha . 
  i thought it was fine as a normal movie . 
  damn that 's hella old . 
  but those zones tho . 
  one of my coworkers just says he 's with a guest . 
  i usually do n't answer and say i 'm in the backroom and give me a minute . 
  whether or not it 's a `` real '' easter egg , i think it 's a really neat one . 
  i want dis vinyl . 
  i wrote out a `` 100 reason why you should date me '' list and gave it to him . 
  10/10 , i still have that book . 
  you own uggs , b ? 
  i 've found that all of your novels feature the following set up : nerdy boy with hilarious sidekick falls madly in love with seemingly out of his league/unattainable girl . 
  will we be seeing any other types of character setups in the future or are we going to continue reading the same story with different character names ? 
  same, 
  this is beautiful and the photography is fantastic, 
  that fire agate looks really neat . 
  looks like jasper, 
  i 'm digging that square piece a lot . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  do you sell them ? 
  i 'd love that if it 's not too much trouble . 
  what other kinds of stones do you have ? 
  awesome , thank you !, 
  i 've followed you on instagram & etsy . 
  you do have a pretty awesome collection . 
  do you have any citrine ? 
  the dumbo octopus is adorable though . 
  i have antibiotic allergies to several antibiotics . 
  equally scary . 
  `` everything is about sex , except sex . 
  sex is about power . '', 
  [ this video of this guy laughing . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxu3kzplzx8 ), 
  i was just about to comment basically the same thing . 
  the artistry of like , `` pre-mass-media '' harry potter was infinitely more magical and captivating than let 's roll this shit out with their faces plastered on everything . 
  i have a couple fantastsic hp journals from the early years that are superior to any of the stuff they 've come out with now . 
  i loathed harry potter solely on the fact that everyone suddenly was screaming about this series and being the very anti-mainstream person i sometimes tend to be , my little 10 year old self was like naw son , i 'm good . 
  then my mom took me and my brother to the dollar show to see the first movie and i was so * captivated * , i remember requesting the first 4 books for my bday that summer ( which i got from sam 's club on sale , yay ! ), 
  and spent that entire summer reading and rereading the books like a maniac . 
  i 'd go with wisdom . 
  money would fall into place after that . 
  but did you die ? 
  ( did it work ? ), 
  my parents never taught me this , it 's just something i picked up on my own . 
  it 's still difficult to believe any guy * actually * likes me . 
  that used to be me until 6th grade camp when i discovered that in fact , i should shower more often . 
  i 'm sorry you had to go through that . 
  if you like sweet wines , i highly recommend st. julian 's wine company 's catawba and niagara wines . 
  i had a professor in college from ct who told me he was from the `` slums '' of ct and i was like `` aaaah yes , the slums where you grew up rich in a giant house and never worried about money , right ? '', 
  the answer was yes . 
  ... ... . you did n't know ... what an onion ... looked like ... ... . o_o, 
  reckless drivers . 
  people who do n't fucking move and/or pretty much walk into me . 
  rude . 
  people who stand too close to me at checkout and breathe down my neck . 
  like damn , i did n't know we were sardines . 
  in the early 2000s , i wore eyeliner only on my bottom eyelid . 
  omg it 's shot in hfr < 3, 
  high-frame rate . 
  it looks like you 're watching real life , not a video . 
  i was n't aware a had the official title of `` team trainer '' alongside brand , but alas . 
  basically , i get a lot of the new team members and i show them the ropes . 
  i make sure to be the face of help in their first month or so of being at target and making sure they 're understanding their role and so on . 
  as a matter of fact , i know both . 
  the latter of which due to my family teaching me how to make pasta from scratch in my youth . 
  i find it willful ignorance to not know what an onion looks like - * especially * given growing up in a privileged family with easy access to learning about such things . 
  i 've lived in america for 18 years and i still think that the gaps between stall doors in public bathrooms are fucking weird as hell . 
  i do n't need to be making eye contact with anyone when i make offerings to the porcelain god . 
  like aldi ? 
  that shit makes me anxious . 
  3 ways :, 
  i boil water on the stove in a beaker . 
  i heat up water in the microwave in my cup . 
  i run the coffee maker . 
  reading or watching/listening to [ asmr ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/asmr/ ) videos . 
  i generally prefer the unintentional asmr vids . 
  especially the cooking ones . 
  sounds like you have [ synesthesia . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/synesthesia ) welcome to the club . 
  i ca n't sleep without pjs either . 
  or underwear . 
  you 're probably secretly a superhero . 
  skipping , hula-hooping , admiring barbies , dressing up as characters ( cosplay for comic cons , woo ! ), 
  my 25 year old best friend tells me frequently about how much money she 's recently spent on new legos that she does the same with . 
  [ my body is ready . 
  ] ( https://media0.giphy.com/media/8miyqyfpol1qu/200_s.gif ), 
  yes , i have it . 
  once upon a time , stopped watching after season 3 episode 1 . 
  it was just too boring . 
  piper reminds me of the 100 's clarke as in their both shitty blonde main characters who oscillate between good and bad and you only keep watching cause the rest of the cast is interesting . 
  i 'm currently on watching hiatus . 
  i finished that season a couple months ago but i have n't watched further than the first or second episode of the following season . 
  my mom watched it all the way through and keeps telling me i need to keep watching it so i can be as angered as she was by what happens . 
  from billy talent 's * devil in a midnight mass * :,
