  - switched to a menstrual cup over 2 years ago , have saved hundreds of dollars ( also much healthier for my body and the environment ), 
  - i bank at multiple banks , one of which i only have money in savings , which means it makes it more inconvenient for me to use that money - have n't touched it at all other than to add to it . 
  - i keep any cash i get out of my wallet so i 'm not tempted to spend it . 
  or i add it to my savings account . 
  - i cut out unnecessary monthly bills like spotify premium ( not gon na lie , i still miss it ), 
  nearly everything that you can do with other people , tbh . 
  i regularly go to the movies by myself , walk the gardens around here , museum trips , zoo trips , etc. 
  one with a farm exhibit . 
  i consistently have all kinds of unrealistic daydreams , but after reading this title , i 'm brought back to my long-time daydream of being prince harry 's s.o. 
  the girls come easy and the drugs come cheap, 
  same, 
  - waking up in the 6am hour, 
  - learning for tests, 
  - ridiculous rules like no gum allowed , no tank tops unless they 're 3 fingers in width , etc, 
  - how ugly i was as a teenager - thank god that 's over . 
  they already have domesticated foxes , and i want one like you would n't believe . 
  thankfully i live in a state that allows them as pets , so my dreams are within reach . 
  yes , [ menstrual cup . 
  ] ( http://divacup.com/ ) it 's changed my life . 
  a couple years ago when my bff was staying in town for a few days , ( we sleep in the same bed ) i woke up sometime in the morning due to the awkward way i 'd fallen asleep on my arm which led to its entirety , from shoulder to fingertips , falling dead asleep . 
  i 'm talking like harry potter loses his arm bones thanks to lockhart asleep . 
  i jumped out of bed , scream-whispered her name , to which she opened her eyes , squinted at me , and then rolled over . 
  i was fine . 
  but it was terrifying having an completely jellied arm with no power to control for a couple minutes . 
  pizza . 
  pumpkin pie . 
  9 no 1 in b flat minor ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfgvwyjhkco ) is my favorite . 
  i first heard it while listening to [ a recording ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b84y_gxdruw ) of a famous romanian poem , and every now and then i 'll listen to that recording again to help put me to sleep/calm me . 
  the voice/music combo is fantastic . 
  same , until i found the kind of beers that appeal to me ( fruity ) . 
  pumpkin pie is the shit , since my tastebuds changed . 
  i like it by itself though . 
  i 'm a cancer and i get along best with capricorns ( 3/4 of my bffs are capricorns ) and i think it 's because we 're polar opposites on the astrological wheel , which means we bring each other balance . 
  at least that 's how i like to view it . 
  i find my bffs and i balance each other out often . 
  i seem to attract a lot of geminis and aquariuses in my life . 
  i started reading the sequel but stopped cause it 's just not right without will . 
  i ca n't say i hate him , but i am also angry at him for like the 5 minutes of love he allowed louisa . 
  like they did n't even do the piddily diddily and they should have damnittttttt . 
  and i think i mentioned in my op that i cried for a long time after i finished this book . 
  people who * constantly * interrupt me while i 'm talking and do n't let me finish what i was saying . 
  you . 
  i feel like i just read a script for a movie . 
  i 'm sorry , but as a teacher of science , i feel like you must be absolute neutral in discussion of such things with your students . 
  just because you believe the earth was created 6000 years ago does not mean you should be voicing that to young minds goddamnit . 
  you are teaching hard sciences what are you doinggggg who gave you your license . 
  one of my former bosses did this and it was excessively annoying . 
  she not only * always * interrupted me while i was speaking , but she 'd somehow turn every . 
  single . 
  thing . 
  about her . 
  this reminds me of my one of my old high school classmates - her `` motivation '' for losing weight is putting extremely self-derogatory sticky-notes all over her kitchen telling herself not to eat this and that because she 's ` fucking fat ' ( she 's literally not even though , she is a beautiful normal looking person ) and all kinds of other ridiculous and self-demeaning terms . 
  i remember seeing this particular photoset she posted several months ago and my heart just hurt . 
  low self-esteem to that caliber is n't even annoying at that point , it 's just depressing . 
  that 's absolutely insane . 
  our individuals 3 tiers get filled up so quickly there would be no way to make that feasible let alone * organized * . 
  i will pray for you . 
  i 'm pretty sure our flow team does n't cause i never had to when i was on flow , but i like the idea . 
  does not let 5-10 minutes go by before she feels the need to say something inane on the walkies that nobody fucking cares about . 
  no bitch the guests are not listening , shut the fuck up . 
  you know , i came here to recall a story about one of my former high school classmates , but instead i 'd like to point out and embrace that nearly everyone here also has a story about a * former high school classmate . 
  nooooooooooooooooooooooooo, 
  i was just thinking about this while i was shaving my legs today . 
  i think it * is * alcoholic . 
  but i think the lax attitude about youngens drinking it might have something to do with the european setting . 
  also , i think it 's lightly alcoholic , kinda like angry orchard might be , as someone else mentioned . 
  well , i 'm european as well , romanian , and i do n't doubt it cause my parents and others i know have definitely let their kids younger than 16 drink more than the occasional glass of wine . 
  i distinctly recall my mom letting me drink out of tiny teacups when i was very young . 
  people are petty . 
  fisherman robert is hot . 
  lmao probably a little . 
  as a side note , the middle pack is stickers , but that long strip on the left is tattoos . 
  i 'm so glad i never used any of this stuff . 
  i forgot to take a picture of the chamber of secrets giant stickers i have too . 
  lmao that cereal one comes up on my tumblr dash frequently and i always reblog it . 
  i 'm not sure , but i know i 've had them for over 10 years . 
  great placement too . 
  the lower part of your face is 10/10 , good job . 
  ohhhh . 
  i never got those !, 
  but i like them . 
  but biceps 6/7 , imo . 
  look squeezable . 
  good job again . 
  tbh , i do n't remember if i had more than one strip of the tattoos - it 's a possibility i did and that i used that strip , but i ca n't remember . 
  listen okay , adult me is has trouble not using any of this stuff , i 'm telling ya 'll . 
  i just did this today with my sweet potato fries . 
  was worth it . 
  awaiting link . 
  i cut my pizza and eat it with a fork and knife if i 'm eating out anywhere that is n't my own home . 
  okay so wait , it is has be a pre-owned vehicle ? 
  alright , i 'll have to try it out . 
  right in the feels . 
  accurate . 
  def will not miss jason carr . 
  i waived fines all the time when i worked at my college 's library . 
  as they should be . 
  i sleep with the panda bear i 've had since i was a toddler . 
  i still shop for barbies/toys . 
  97 % of the time i do n't get anything , but i enjoy those aisles .
