  i find that 95 % of the guests i get when i 'm up for backup that have chip cards do n't know how to use them and get flustered but my spiel is always `` oh you have a chip card ? 
  okay , so you 're going to turn it like this , stick it in all the way , and do n't remove it until it tells you to . '', 
  i find this is the easiest way to have them do the transaction right cause otherwise , i get people who are all ( very annoyingly ) confused who do n't stick it in all the way and/or stick it in and out real quick a bunch of times and i 'm like stahp wut ur doin . 
  jesus rollerblading christ this made me crylaugh . 
  after the big switch to digital a few years back , i had no choice but to give up several shows on the cw ( gossip girl , one tree hill , some others ; did not have cable at the time ) because our receivers did n't pick up the channel anymore . 
  i gave up on a few others due to work/school including new girl , once upon a time , fringe in it 's last season , prison break , the big bang theory ( but i binge watch it when i get the latest season on dvd ) and some others . 
  mmmm , idk about that , but i did find season 1 to be the most frightening . 
  ( have n't seen season 4 yet . ), 
  i thought seasons 2 and 3 were interesting though , but i was pretty annoyed with what they did to evan peters in season 3 . 
  amadeus . 
  and before i get asked this again , the theatrical version , not the director 's cut . 
  in my family/homeland , we crush up organic garlic with a little oil , heat it up in a pan , and then eye-dropper it into the affected ear . 
  she told me she liked watching her blood being drawn and the taste of it . 
  i 'm not sure what this is , but it 's very aesthetically pleasing . 
  story time : the night of high school graduation , after the ceremony , we had an `` all-night party '' at the school and at the end of the night , everyone was herded into the auditorium for the fun hypnosis part . 
  i 'm all about hypnosis and i love it , so i was one of the people that was up there participating . 
  there was a part where the guy said `` i 'm going to tell you the funniest joke you 've ever heard '' and i do n't know what the joke was because i started laughing so hard , i cried and right as i was starting to not be able to breathe from laughing so hard , i remember he said `` now i want you to think of the saddest thing you 've ever seen '' and suddenly my tears of joy were tears of pain because i was imagining in my mind 's eye the scene in a walk to remember where mandy moore tells her movie bf that she has cancer . 
  gets me every time . 
  people always talk about the notebook being sad - no , a walk to remember was sadder . 
  eta : also , when dobby dies in hp7 .1 . 
  anytime someone thinks transylvania is made up/it 's own country/doesn ' t know where it is . 
  do you work at target ? 
  i always thought it was zimmerman too , but apparently it 's zimmern . 
  are you kidding ? 
  it 's in enough american entertainment media to be at least known as a real place and not just fictional . 
  i do n't think that 's asking too much . 
  hahahah i can see how you made the correlation . 
  i disagree . 
  dracula ( although a famous fictional character as well , thanks bram stoker ) was the nickname of real life romanian vlad the impaler that was ascertained by his family who took the name `` dracul '' after being indicted into the order of the dragon . 
  that to say that although dracula/transylvania do nearly exclusively come up in relation together , the lore is based on a real people and a real place . 
  it 's not too much to ask to not be an ignorant twat and think it 's completely made up . 
  do you understand what i 'm saying ? 
  sounds like associative synesthesia . 
  i 'm not beer verbiage savvy - is it on the sweeter side or bitter side ? 
  it 's probably romania 's biggest claim to fame . 
  it 's not that harsh . 
  well , thanks for proving my point all along with your comments !, 
  okay , so i do softlines racks flow , but i can still answer most of these questions for you . 
  first of all , do n't feel like you 're holding your team back , it was your first day and you will get used to doing things quickly and efficiently in no time . 
  that said :, 
  i 've never heard the term ` bowling ' used in flow before , but the way i remember how to count the sections in aisles is by looking at where the `` front '' of the aisle is . 
  so let 's say c & d blocks , in my store , the beginnings of all of their aisles are going to be on the sides where they face the main walkway , and the endings of the aisles are against perspective walls . 
  so the portions that are closer to the walkway are going to be lower numbers starting with 1 , and toward the wall is where i 'll find sections 6 etc. 
  you can also check out the numbers on the labels in the aisles to figure out where you 're supposed to put stuff . 
  most boxes should still have stickers on them with info about where the contents go . 
  g32 1-p1-16 ) ( btw when there 's a p in the numbers , it goes on a peghook . ), 
  your trainer sounds like they suck - ask someone else who might be more apt to teaching for help when you need it . 
  it means you experience it in your mind 's eye , not in the 3d world . 
  most synesthetes experience synesthesia as associative . 
  game cube , probs . 
  windows me . 
  my mom has the martian chronicles i think , so i may have to borrow that . 
  btw , how do you pronounce montag ? 
  it 's one of those i ca n't decide on . 
  i 'll have to remember to do that . 
  this is my favorite reply thus far . 
  badass , love it . 
  too soon . 
  i have n't heard anything about a midnight release , but i know it 's `` super secret '' according to my softlines etl and i 'm not allowed to put any star wars clothes out yet ( i push softlines flow for half the day ) . 
  i 've never been able to check my schedule online from anywhere but at work . 
  depends on the work out . 
  i like 365 days ( zz ward ) when i 'm boxing as well as purple hills ( d12 ), 
  you 're a jerk ( new boyz ) if i 'm hooping . 
  any upbeat halestorm song during walking/running . 
  we need that at our store . 
  they need to keep that forever though . 
  i do n't need to rewatch hp5 to know that the amount of shit they left out and replaced with stuff that never happened still pisses me off to this damn day . 
  food , inc. 
  princess diana 's funeral . 
  i was really young back in romania , remember watching it with my grandma and great-grandma at our country house . 
  i do n't recall when the power actually went out , i just recall the events of that week leading up to it - i was one of 5 other students at my school who got chosen to do participate in a special summer project where we got to do all kinds of activities related to marine biology etc , and at the end of the week we got to talk live to dr. ballard ( the guy who discovered the titanic ) while he was on a mission trip in the black sea off the coast of turkey , unearthing urns and stuff . 
  i think the day after the project ended was when the power went out . 
  i was hanging out in my room with two of my friends who were n't yet dating and we just sat on my bed and listened to the radio as they kept sharing the news and playing his music . 
  oh okay , just casually having a puma suckling your fingers . 
  close enough . 
  they took out large chunks of stuff from that book . 
  they left out the whole quibbler debacle , explaining squibs ( would 've literally taken like 30 seconds ) firenze teaching divination , visiting lockhart and neville 's parents at st. mungo 's , the whole fucking amazing shit that happened at the ministry at the end that they did n't show etc etc. 
  i remember when i first saw it in theaters with my best friend - my mom picked us up and she was like `` so how was the movie !? '', 
  and both of our answers were `` meh . . it 's was okay : / '' and she was shocked . 
  my stl and hr-etl ( and the rest of the etls ) want me to interview for this position and i was told i got ta apply for it online as well ( there 's a long back story to all this ... ) anyway, 
  i came here to see/ask whether anyone knew what kind of pay salary i should be putting into the desired pay section for the online application ? 
  so glad i 'm not a cashier . 
  thank you . 
  i shot for around the middle there . 
  backup cashiering is enough for me , but i agree , it is all about attitude . 
  basic keyboard shortcuts . 
  i 've come across too many people to count that do n't know them and i ca n't handle it . 
  that is some next level shopping , okay . 
  did that store really have moving pencils in the entrance ? 
  i 'm kinda jelly . 
  this video : http://mackere.tumblr.com/post/87075012806, 
  not using my gym membership ( at the moment anyway ), 
  eating too much bread . 
  staying up later than i should . 
  the wicked witch of the west, 
  do n't lie to yourself , it 's still creepy af to this day . 
  lmao i would n't be surprised tbh, 
  i saw a ufo hovering above my aunt 's house about 15 years ago . 
  it had red , white and blue lights on the outer rim , made no sound and it was completely still until about a minute or two after i noticed it . 
  it started spinning on a center axis horizontally , and then vertically , as if someone had it on a string and was pulling either end to make it spin , if that makes sense .
