  that 's what i try to do . 
  last night i was hungry and ate pretzel chips to fill me up . 
  afterwards i had eating-regrets and i realized i could 've eaten baby carrots instead . 
  #lessonlearned . 
  that makes sense . 
  my nose does that . 
  i refuse to take out my nose stud cause i do n't need to be repiercing it . 
  the body is amazing . 
  +1 on the shoes good lord . 
  is management a problem in other stores ? 
  for sure my homie , for sure . 
  nobody likes our stl , so it 's a definite trickle down from there . 
  over a decade ago when i still drank pop , i used to dunk bread into pepsi/coke and eat the soaked bread . 
  i enjoy chocolate after fish cause it tastes better for some reason . 
  my co-workers are constantly baffled that i eat peanut or almond butter out the jar , or out the jar + a banana . 
  it was on tv and i was like ooo jackson rathbone . 
  nope . 
  nope . 
  probably being able to pinpoint actors , obscure and not , and what they 've previously played in . 
  eta : also , i can tie sections of my hair into knots using my thumb and pointer finger . 
  i just saw them working on one today by division st while i was at the aia event . 
  looks awesome . 
  we have sparkly denim ass jeans at target . 
  amadeus . 
  typical . 
  i was told the tale that kids were brought to parents via storks right ? 
  the way i envisioned the whole pregnancy thing was that a stork would drop seeds on the ground and women would eat them and magically get pregnant and then storks would deliver the babies 9 months later . 
  yup . 
  photography studio lights & setup, 
  this has been my theory since i was young . 
  we 're always looking for evidence of life supported by the same or similar conditions of earth , which is great . 
  but what if life can exist in conditions that we normally deem inhospitable and we just have n't understand how to look for it etc. 
  i put mine on the shower wall because it 's convenient . 
  however , i do n't rinse it off cause i do n't want to clog the drain . 
  i swirled it around into a ball and take it off before i leave the shower and then throw it away like a goddamn lady . 
  i watched that video and then looked up and starting loling at the amount of pillows we have in our living room . 
  also , i sleep with 8 pillows of varying size . 
  why !? 
  because reasons . 
  i pretty much buy a new pillow every time i go to ikea . 
  yes , but hotels usually have crappy polyfill pillows that give me the `` bounce back '' feeling . 
  i need feathers . 
  i just fucking laughed out loud at `` where does it end ? '', 
  it does n't . 
  it does n't end . 
  our bags are the dreams of mary poppins . 
  you got indigestion ? 
  i got enzymes for you . 
  you hurt yourself ? 
  do n't worry , i got bandaids . 
  also snacks & water & notebooks & ... ... etc. 
  next level nerd . 
  i approve . 
  i still play . 
  buddy4u omgggg, 
  von dutch . 
  65 % of my texts to my friends are regarding my bowel movements . 
  8 ) i get pretty technical with it . 
  one time at my bff 's ex-bf 's bff 's bachelor party , a local radio host arrived who happened to be friends with the guys and my involuntary reaction was to shoot my arm up straight in the air while simultaneously gasping in air so loudly it sounded like i was choking . 
  i have n't used my fitbit cause i have a bellabeat leaf , but yesterday it logged about 18,000 + steps . 
  i laughed out loud . 
  that 's excessive . 
  if by that you mean you get to wear red plaid , then yes , we 've been doing that all week . 
  at night because i want to go to bed clean . 
  however , my showering habits vary . 
  i always shower after work , which generally ends up being early evening . 
  i also shower after gym/working out which can be any time of day . 
  and on weekends , i 'll generally shower in the morning . 
  the happiest/most excited i 've ever been were the book releases for harry potter 5,6 , and 7 , as well as the the last 5 movies . 
  like , literally jump up and down hysterical giggling and laughing turning into crying , flipping stomach happiness . 
  the wicked witch of the west . 
  i 'll tell you how i did spend my birthday alone this year :, 
  i went to the zoo . 
  i then proceeded to go to my favorite froyo shop and purchase my favorite froyo . 
  after shopping and treating myself a little , i picked up my favorite birthday cheesecake and then gobbled down a slice . 
  i do n't remember what i did at night , but it was probably netflix . 
  i think it 's really cool , but i 've never been able to get it to work correctly on any smartphones i 've ever had . 
  sons of anarchy . 
  lift me the fuck off this planet and send me into deep space . 
  i 'd be first volunteer for starfleet academy . 
  peace outtt . 
  tom & jerry , sailor moon , and powerpuff girls . 
  softlines and flow softlines rack push . 
  today i got 28,000 + just in softlines . 
  i have it , and i can get pretty passionate about discussing it , but most people ca n't understand it . 
  i know but :, 
  leather kuttes & motorcycles . 
  there 's a [ subreddit ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/synesthesia/ ) in cause you 're interested in checking it out btw . 
  yes . 
  i have orgasm  color synesthesia as well . 
  i generally feel it as a cloud of static color in the back of my throat . 
  can star trek plz be real already ?? 
  same . 
  you spent $ 300 on a north face jacket ?? 
  like what does it do for $ 300 ??? 
  does it have ample pockets ? 
  is it soak proof ? 
  lmfao some people be too extra . 
  our power went out around 2 am this year . 
  right , they did mention they wanted this process to help me in terms of having more content and examples to talk about in future interviews .
