  i can get behind exchanges like that . 
  i have no idea . 
  i have n't received any new information as of yet , but from what i currently understand , i 'll be shadowing/working with other lods and/or my sl-etl during my shifts . 
  i just watched this episode earlier hahaha, 
  why big lots ? 
  star trek ( next generation preferably ) because as i said in a similar thread , i 'd be the first volunteer/recruit for starfleet academy . 
  blast me off the fucking planet into deep space bitch . 
  amadeus . 
  but also , inherit the wind . 
  never fully allow weighted items to measure correctly , just semi-hover my bag of apples so it 's only 1.27 lbs , not 3.04 . 
  amazon + no tax = love . 
  the beatles . 
  i just ... ca n't . 
  i think she looks like a pinched baby alien . 
  but like , have you had smoked gouda ? 
  dubliner ? 
  havarti and dill ? 
  maybe you 've just had bland cheeses and you need to try some more with more robust flavors . 
  lmao okay but for real : the stinkier it is , the better it tastes . 
  communication . 
  it 's like when they get to that level , they suddenly forget how to talk to people effectively . 
  golden . 
  visual merchandising tl ? 
  old navy . 
  my first dslr ( d3000 ) which i later upgraded to my current dslr ( d7100 ) . 
  it makes my lenses do magic . 
  where do i get these, 
  i thought so cause the designs looked familiar , but i was too lazy to check . 
  thank you !, 
  we have far too much room for licensed . 
  we 've been getting a lot more in in the past couple weeks though . 
  sweet baby jesus, 
  out . 
  as someone who cut out carbs and sugars almost completely for the past month due to a temporary medical condition , i can definitely agree with this article . 
  i dropped 10 lbs already . 
  wait okay , if i live in est , what time do i need to be refreshing ? 
  thank you . 
  calm down , satan . 
  actually wait , is this going to be affected by daylight savings time ? 
  at the 59th minute it 'd still be prior to falling back , right ? 
  but that would mean we 'd refresh at 1:59 or ? 
  top notch rent allusions , 10/10 . 
  lip biting . 
  i have a lot . 
  but , diana/andrea . 
  i slept right through both of these times . 
  this was the spread i used :, 
  i have so so so many . 
  i 'll share this one from rabindranath tagore :, 
  power said to the world ,, 
  `` you are mine . '', 
  the world kept it prisoner on her throne . 
  love said to the world , `` i am thine . '', 
  the world gave it the freedom of her house . 
  i always thought banning chewing gum in k-12 was ridiculous . 
  yes , there were people who were too lazy to spit it out in the trash , but for the majority of us , we were responsible enough with it to just chew gum and not do anything devious with it . 
  i 've noticed this too , but in my school district , we have an annex school for kids with downs and so on and there are quite a handful of african american kids with downs . 
  they do exist !, 
  anywhere between 1-3 daily . 
  if i do n't poop for a day , i am not happy . 
  i am extra not happy if i have n't had my morning poop . 
  ruins the whole day . 
  why did i watch this . 
  [ tits and wine ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/bz3ksudccaev9w8.jpg ), 
  throwing the infernal red and khaki to the wayside and drinking alcohol in the shower . 
  only when i 'm taking a nap . 
  thanks !, 
  sounds about right . 
  i forgot what it was like until i went back a few years ago - my uncle ran several red lights because he did n't feel like stopping for them . 
  wtf . 
  that is fantastic and terrifying . 
  sumata and [ asmr ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/asmr/ ) play . 
  but 50 % of the time i 'm turned on by asmr . 
  did you wear earbuds ? 
  it 's a better experience when all other sound is blocked out . 
  before bed . 
  puts me in a better mood for sleep . 
  at self-checkout , i never allow my weighed items to fully rest on the scale . 
  this was literally painful to read . 
  i 've had mold grow in my shower because i did this . 
  probably mozart . 
  and gene kelly . 
  omg fuck yes . 
  sign me up . 
  the bakery inside of produce palace at 12 & dequindre is really good . 
  one year , i received a religious/bible-themed self-help type book from a friend as my bday gift . 
  worst gift ever . 
  i frequently go to see movies and do a lot of things that normally you see couples doing together , by myself , like go to the zoo , out to eat , out to events etc. 
  this makes some people i know uncomfortable cause they think it 's weird , but when you 're #single 4lyfe , you got ta do shit !, 
  i 'm not gon na sit around and mope cause i do n't have anyone to go with , you know ? 
  eta : this year for my birthday , i spent it entirely alone - went to the zoo , hit up my favorite froyo shop and some other fav shopping locations , watched netflix by myself . 
  i 'm already in a crying mood , do n't do this to me . 
  i hate when people do this at store checkouts . 
  like , back the fuck up homie , i do n't know you like that and you do n't need to be breathing down my neck while i 'm punching in my pin . 
  second-hand embarrassment ftw . 
  oh god . 
  yes , i think it 's cute . 
  did you guys get the fancy props/signing too ? 
  watching cian twomey videos . 
  i was feeling down last night and i watched a couple and instantly felt better .
