  but i love the outcome !, 
  i need friends like you . 
  i collect hellboy fanart . 
  my favorite has to be [ an original watercolor portrait of ron perlman ] ( http://imgur.com/2jfe2wp ) as hellboy that i managed to talk down the price of on the last day of motor city comic con 3 years ago . 
  bruh . 
  i 'm always a slut for anything hp related . 
  it 's time and a half , and then + $ 1 after midnight i believe . 
  your store looks like a store i 'd actually like to work at . 
  that 's exactly what my last guest told me tonight , as she was purchasing groceries at 11:10 pm . 
  gtfo my face bitch . 
  our store is more like ( for starting pay ) :, 
  - base : $ 9, 
  - gsa/flow/brand : $ 9.50, 
  stl is around $ 100k , plus $ $ $ $ $ bonus at end of year if the store is profitable, 
  student loans , car payments, 
  then , charity !, 
  i just saw steel panther , who is like half a real band , a couple weeks ago and it was the best damn show i 've ever been to . 
  also got vip session after the show and went out to the bar with them after that . 
  sounds about right . 
  i got chased by a pig . 
  united states of tara, 
  i just laughed out loud . 
  it has been downloaded !, 
  also interested if you 're still doing these !, 
  lmaooo these are fantastic . 
  super mario bros for gameboy color aaaayyyooooo, 
  this turns me on . 
  i 'm a girl . 
  i notice others girls ' boobs when we hug and i 'm sure they notice mine . 
  that vascularity tho omg, 
  oh my god . 
  oh my god . 
  my heartbeat just got faster . 
  i 'm all about this . 
  i watched a short video from the photo shoot when they announced he was their guy of the month and i was like swooooooooooon . 
  veins ( vascularity ) specifically on the arms . 
  amadeus, 
  the sound of music, 
  my fair lady, 
  interstellar, 
  bonus : blood diamond, 
  this was n't me , but i recall someone called in to my favorite morning radio show a couple years ago to answer a similar question and she said her husband uses nails ( like the kind you pound into walls ) to get his boogers out because they 're that huge . 
  i remember she said he used a 6 inch nail once to get a booger out the size of your thumb . 
  i also find this disgusting , but also sinful cause i grew up learning it 's a sin to sell/cook fertilized eggs since life has begun . 
  mind you , i am not * religious * but i still find it sinful . 
  omfg , baked chicken livers with salt are so good . 
  i do n't recall having any other type of liver before . 
  but i know i love chicken livers . 
  i may have once . 
  do n't tempt me like this . 
  that scene in wolf of wall street where leo is high off his rocker crawling on the ground trying to open his lamborghini . 
  thought it was a bad pimple or bug bite at first . 
  it lasted a good couple weeks until it burst and i had to go to the er . 
  the er nurse was impressed at how well i was handling the pain , however , because she told me she had grown men come in for it before who fainted/screamed bloody murder while i was just `` sweet baby jesus !!, 
  but did you experience the pain of the internal hemorroids ? 
  feels like someone stuck a 6 inch knife straight into your colon for a good hour . 
  bruh . 
  my surgery went fine ( got all 4 out at once ) , but i had dry socket on both my bottom ones and it was da worst . 
  our store calls the electronics and jewelry registers boats as well . 
  no , because the chicken is matured . 
  did you draw this ? 
  the walking dead . 
  zzzzzzzzzzzz, 
  i did n't even think of this , but i had a lady in my line while i was on backup yesterday with a pregnancy test . 
  i really enjoy painting with a twist type of things . 
  funny story , a couple weeks ago i was walking down the street after exiting one of my favorite shops , and there was a guy standing outside of pwat with a sign saying his date had bailed out on him , so i took him up on the offer to replace her and paint with him . 
  10/10 , would do again . 
  [ pics cause it happened . 
  that 's fucking nasty . 
  i work in retail and any time i have to be in the `` chemicals '' aisles ( detergent , cleaning agents etc ) i always wish i had safety goggles to zone over there because the chances of finding spilled tide or something are always pretty good and i 'm always terrified of something from the top shelves falling and spraying into my eyeballs . 
  i do too , to ensure that i do n't get whatever germs may be on my coochie by accident . 
  i do this too and then i get mad for doing other people 's work for them . 
  that 's crazy . 
  dang what is you doing to charge $ 300 ? 
  we got the line a couple weeks before i transitioned out of flow and into brand . 
  i like the brand , but i 'm annoyed by 2 things :, 
  we have to pair it with those ugly paisley brand jeans with the atrocious top stitching and bad color wash choices . 
  we have 2 sets of 3-runway mannequins , one in xhiliration and one in knox rose , but since knox rose is still new , the selection of clothes is so small compared to like mossimo black ( no mannequin ) or merona ( 1 mannequin ) that it becomes difficult to outfit the girls with anything cute because we always sell out quickly . 
  well , we exchanged phone numbers so we could send each other the pics we took . 
  i sent him a merry xmas text and he texted me back and asked if i 'd like to go to pwat again cause he really likes it and feels like he 's getting better so i said yeah , let 's go . 
  tbd when it will happen , but sometime in the future . 
  i 'm pretty sure our rtw is average sized . 
  i 've never seen a `` small '' rtw though cause all the stores in my area are pretty normal/slightly larger in size . 
  i guess that makes sense . 
  that 's incredible . 
  oh my god . 
  well , i actually ended up sharing this in another thread last night , but a couple weeks ago i was walking down the street after exiting one of my favorite shops , and there was a guy standing outside of painting with a twist with a sign saying his date had bailed , and did anyone want to paint with him ? 
  so after intense questioning and reassurances that he was serious , i took him up on the offer to replace her and paint with him . 
  [ 10/10 , would do again . 
  that was my least favorite . 
  oh man , i have a few . 
  animal farm, 
  the great gatsby, 
  candide ( although i 'd read it 4 years prior of my own accord and i thought it was hilarious ), 
  the catcher in the rye, 
  i read this one my first year of college , but of my own accord . 
  i really liked it too . 
  i think this was one of the books where i read the whole book before i was supposed to cause i really liked it . 
  i read this one of my high school summers because i liked animal farm so much , i wanted to read more george orwell . 
  a little hard to get into at first , but then i sped through it .
