  * sigh *, 
  i 'm an orgasm-color synesthete . 
  double minority . 
  if you drive so fast to catch up to me that you 're car skids and then ask me if i want a ride in my own damn residential neighborhood ... 
  just stop . 
  i recall my senior year of high school in psychology 2 , my teacher said something about one of my classmates having a small dick and compared it to the size of a very tiny clothespin she had in her desk . 
  damn , i do not envy that amount of emotional labor you got ta do . 
  management . 
  our management team is shit . 
  idk if you 're interested in cutting your hair , but i 'd suggest chopping off a few inches and adding light layers . 
  my hairstylist has been managing my mane for over a decade and we 've found light layers to be a good way of making my hair look presentable at all lengths . 
  i 'll have to comb through photos when i have time later today and post a couple . 
  ooo it 's 11:16 i think i can still get in on this ? 
  if so , i 'm def interested in a career reading . 
  growing upward ? 
  like defying gravity ? 
  i had mine chopped from the top of my butt into a bob twice in my life - the first time i got it thinned because the hair stylist knew what she was doing , and it turned out fine . 
  if she writes them like hp and not the casual vacancy , that 'd be great . 
  it took me about 2 years to finish cause it was so slow until the last 3rd of the book . 
  the tv adaption was enjoyable though . 
  these are really impressive pieces !, 
  i really like that bismuth . 
  i 'm happy you finally found something that works !, 
  i used to have this issue a few years ago due to the products i was using + dying/straightening my hair often and my hair stylist told me to just try washing with johnson and johnson baby shampoo a couple times to strip it of build up and that worked really well for me . 
  i still do this sometimes when i get build up . 
  i have recently heard about this and i 'm interested in trying to . 
  i see rough citrine , fluorite , rose quartz , selenite , crystal quartz , calcite . 
  i was just wondering this last night as well . 
  it 's so annoying when i accidentally hit a direct share . 
  not me , but one of my former college classmates accidentally sent a sext pic of her piddidling herself with a dildo to one of her friends instead of the guy she was seeing . 
  it turned out okay . 
  i 'm pretty sure there would be a lot more bits of comic relief . 
  and like , no robes . 
  i personally disliked the wardrobe changes . 
  [ my body is ready . 
  ] ( https://40.media.tumblr.com/4d6a63e4dc99e87f389ddce2b4ce20e7/tumblr_mv8qmdegmj1svrs8zo2_500.jpg ), 
  [ my answer ] ( http://38.media.tumblr.com/1978e2e40db2df3bf5dd5c310dc311b6/tumblr_n8r8obpvpq1qciah5o2_250.gif ), 
  i clicked on this thread thinking you 'd found the addams family in the trailer . 
  i 'm excited for fantastic beasts , but i was hesitant to even preorder cursed child when i heard jkr did n't even write it . 
  i 'm still hesitant about receiving it . 
  are you sure ? 
  i think he was a horcrux from the moment voldy tried to kill him as a toddler , and that 's when he made the accidental horcrux aka harry . 
  it would sound like rhubarb . 
  i feel like based on the context , fudge was already in a delirious/shocked state of mind . 
  it 's easy to forget your usual mannerisms and speech patterns when you 're in that state . 
  my thoughts : desperate times call for desperate measures . 
  please explain `` soap launchers '' . 
  it is a thing . 
  i 've been trying to regrow my hair to nip-covering length for 7 years now ( damage from dying and bleaching and too short trims has hindered progress ) and i 'm getting close to mermaid hair again and i ca n't wait . 
  sketchbooks, 
  notebooks, 
  tea, 
  i came here for this . 
  so good . 
  at least in the finale , it was just enough of a cliffhanger and wrap up that it was relatively satisfying . 
  i like that frank x sia hair pin . 
  a sailor moon backpack that i definitely brought over from romania but mysteriously disappeared within the first year of living in the usa . 
  the last memory i have of it is sitting in my walk-in closet playing with it . 
  mia since then . 
  aahahaha i forgot about this episode . 
  brilliant . 
  + the new emoji merchandise trend, 
  i 'm cringing writing this , but a couple years ago , my best friend 's boyfriend 's best friend ( ... ) and his fiance were having their bachelor/bachelorette parties starting at a mutual friends house . 
  i was pleasantly surprised and excited when a local radio personality walked through the door for the bachelor side - so excited in fact , that i let out , or rather inhaled , the loudest , most embarrassing gasp the world has ever heard , while simultaneously throwing my arm up in the air , to which my best friend 's reaction was to quickly , thank god , smack my arm down and tell me to calm the fuck down . 
  oh , also , in sophomore year of high school , i wrote a `` 100 reasons why you should date me '' list for my crush at the time . 
  and gave it to him . 
  * 1st hand/2nd hand memory embarrassment/squirming *, 
  the mortal instruments : city of bones, 
  i went into it thinking the reviews were biased . 
  * i should 've listened to the reviews . 
  it * is * wrong . 
  you 're welcome . 
  it 's such an embarrassing memory that i conveniently stuffed the details of it so far into the recesses of my memory that i thankfully do n't remember the things that were on the list . 
  i squirm enough just imagining when i gave it to him . 
  it is real life . 
  i appreciate that . 
  i do n't think so hahaha, 
  i 'm mainly distracted by how spot-on that ginny casting is . 
  i do n't :(, 
  yes !, 
  it 's totally a full body gasp !, 
  `` the customer is always right . '', 
  no , the customer is a fucking idiot . 
  i 'll always like ed skrein 's daario . 
  he was perfect for the role . 
  michiel huisman 's daario will always seem like a downgrade to me . 
  he did n't exude the aura of leader of the second sons to me , ever . 
  no matter how many dudes he chopped off horses . 
  i concur with this . 
  retail airport employees exude 10x more misery . 
  there 's still kmarts ? 
  my preferred big lots has an employee who is like the epitome of misery in not only her demeanor , but how frumpy she looks in her uniform as well . 
  she literally wears her misery . 
  i really hope he does n't though cause that 's super awkward . 
  he 's expecting his second child with his wife right now - also hoping he never told her about that . 
  i find this super creepy , but maybe the person has like tickets for cursed child for you ? 
  that 's my brightest optimistic outlook . 
  but that first text message reminded me of saw . 
  well , i recently won 24 cases of 24 packs of arizona iced tea . 
  i have given/sold a majority of them to friends .
