  barbie aisle in comparison to what it was 15 years ago is disappointing though . 
  stop unfolding shirts and then just crumpling them back up and throwing them in there . 
  also , why the fuck do you need to look at the size at the bottom of the stack ? 
  they all look the same . 
  goddamn , yes . 
  stay home on thanksgiving . 
  the fakest of my fake laughs comes out when people say this shit to me . 
  dude , why you got ta remind me :(, 
  i went back to free as a means of cutting out my unnecessary expenses , but i really miss being able to listen to whatever i wanted on mobile without shuffle . 
  where do you live that you get drone delivery ? 
  i would give you gold , but my soul-crushing minimum wage job prevents such luxuries . 
  * rubbed * bands, 
  `` so , what do you do for fun ? '', 
  uhhh let 's see , i spend a lot of time on the internet and i shop . 
  read . 
  hit up the gym . 
  take a bike ride . 
  i squish it in the hbic 's face . 
  does your friend make ruppits !, 
  username checks out . 
  how do i get into this ? 
  do these dogs participate in the iditarod ? 
  i generally say `` i 'm going to make an offering to the porcelain god . '', 
  a goddamn bathtub where i do n't have to choose which half of my body gets to be submerged under water . 
  downvotes for questions where you 're genuinely asking for help . 
  i 'm sorry my question seems vain to you , but i 'm asking for help , not judgement . 
  currently , my brother 's uses of the word ` chum ' . 
  he wo n't stop calling me ` chum ' after everything he says to me and i want to throat punch him . 
  was the watch nice though ? 
  where ya at where ya at where at ya there ya go there ya go there ya go, 
  hahahaha there are !, 
  it 's actually `` he '' instead of `` ya '' but i like to change it up sometimes . 
  the fast drill , specifically . 
  i do n't mind the fat and slow one . 
  have you ever tried waterlase ? 
  that 's fantastic , sounds like popcorn . 
  freshman year , during the high time of myspace and their bulletins ( remember those !? ), 
  there was a bulletin going around that was a list entitled `` you know you go to '' ourhs '' when ... '' and it listed a load of funny stuff but also some very controversial things like this one guy raping someone at a party , teachers fornicating , etc. 
  the administration found out and there was a whole lot of hoopla about it . 
  i do n't think anyone got fired , but i 'm sure they were intensely interviewed . 
  i 'm not a `` real '' teacher , but i did teach those painting with a twist style classes for about a year . 
  anyway , one time , i had this couple in my class , and the guy was one of those guys that felt like he was just the king of the world , knew everything , told his girlfriend how to do this and that - i do not do well with these kinds of people in that i do not respect that attitude and i * will * put my foot down . 
  so we get to the part where we 're painting the leaves on the palm trees , and i had made a point to explain in detail how one does this so that your leaves look natural and fall correctly . 
  he did not pay attention and decided to do his own thing , and his leaves came out upside down . 
  his girlfriend had n't started on hers because she was afraid of messing up . 
  after he 'd made his tree look like it somehow survived a hurricane , he decided , while i was going around helping others , to paint on his girlfriends canvas and fuck her tree up too . 
  when i finally got around to this and saw what he did , i was really upset and made to sure tell him `` so you messed up your painting and that was n't enough so you decided to mess up your gf 's too !? '', 
  he was very sheepish after this and while i was running around helping others again , they quietly left the class . 
  it was just so infuriating after spending the whole class dealing with his sassy mouth that he felt he needed to `` help '' his gf after he fucked up his own painting . 
  my freshman year , we had the most badass bus driver in our district . 
  she was an older lady who did n't fucking care about your sass . 
  one time , i think someone had thrown an empty coke bottle into the aisle and would n't pick it up , so she stopped in the middle of goddamn traffic and would n't keep driving until the culprit picked up their trash . 
  she did some other badass stuff like that , but the best part was on the last day of school , she was retiring , and one of my friends had jokingly said to her throughout the year that she should get us burgers - and she goddamn did ya 'll . 
  i remember we started loading into the bus for the drive home and she was handing us 2 burgers each from these like 2 huge boxes she 'd bought from bk . 
  she was the best . 
  nooooooooooo, 
  okay but dude , that is totally awesome nonetheless . 
  where do you live that you get paid over $ 200 a day for subbing ? 
  same thing with brand ? 
  i find the vml position to be so interesting at other stores and from different perspectives . 
  i always feel like our vml does absolutely nothing other than dust the mannequins all day long , run her mouth non-stop on the walkies all . 
  damn . 
  day . 
  and delegate tasks too often instead of help out every once in a while - but it sounds like yours is either downright lazy or has absolutely no idea what to do with themselves/the position . 
  i 've been a visual merchandiser for other stores before and there is always something to be done - i do not understand vmls who just putz around . 
  especially when you 've also got ` leader ' tacked on to that position title . 
  especially not back-up cashiering when i 've got 5000 other things to do in my damn zone . 
  why do n't you like canada ? 
  it seems pretty enjoyable to me . 
  looks like a hairy mammalic platypus . 
  dem tattoos tho, 
  my mom . 
  i was in 5th grade , everyone was raving about the new hp movie coming out and all that and me , being the spiteful child i was , refused to go see it/read the books because everyone else liked it . 
  fast forward a few months later , my mom took me and my brother to see hp1 at the dollar show and i fell in love . 
  and then we went and bought books 1-4 at sam 's club that summer . 
  and now i 'm re-reading them for the 6th time . 
  so fun to say . 
  i know , i looked it up after i posted . 
  i find it interesting that it 's an egg-laying mammal though . 
  i am hahaha, 
  i 've recently discovered blendoku , which may not be a fun time for anyone who is colorblind . 
  also , wordzup !, 
  your outrage = me crylaughing, 
  i mean , that 's the basis of the entire fashion retail industry . 
  lol it 's a mix . 
  ravenclaw x arryn words . 
  even with rapid charge ? 
  but why ? 
  are you romanian ? 
  lmao i love myranda in the background too . 
  i think iwan is hot af as ramsay too , but in that horribly twisted way where you 'd be scared of what 's coming next . 
  is it gon na whip me while we do it ? 
  idk , but i 'm into it . 
  yes , i 'm on verizon and i 'm using the original text app that came with the phone . 
  this is neat !, 
  i ca n't keep my mouth shut on this one - i remember reading about the tooth phone well over a decade ago in discover magazine and it 's still not a thing in 2016 . 
  reminds me of the toothpaste my dentist gave me after i told her about my reading about it - it reverses cavities ( very tiny ones ) when used regularly . 
  every time i see that commercial i laugh because it looks so goddamn fake . 
  i feel like i 'm being trolled irl . 
  after i updated , it also told me google play services needed to be updated or it would n't work , so i updated like 5 times and it still kept giving me that error .
