  i imagine it as a butterscotch beer . 
  i 'd like to try firewhiskey tho . 
  true . 
  but i 've always imagined the hp alcoholic drinks to be on the sweeter , less fuck you up , side of alcohol content . 
  unfortunately i do n't have a video , because it was pre-youtube days , but during my k-12 education , i did n't have cable , so my go-to morning tv show was always the local news ( got ta know that weather ) . 
  we had a new weatherman on my favorite channel , and one day , they had him reporting outside in the rain on their weather terrace , with an umbrella . 
  after he 'd finished his spiel , and waited a few seconds smiling as the camera feed was * supposed * to cut off , he let out the most unprofessional rage i 've ever seen on live tv . 
  i remember he swore while angrily trying to close the umbrella and throw it at the same time before they finally cut away from him . 
  i * wish * i could rewatch that with my eyeballs , but all i 've got is my memory of it . 
  i 'm not looking forward to tormund dying , though the way this show goes , i 'm sure it 'll happen . 
  the furthest reaches of essos ? 
  idk how much essos wraps around their earth though . 
  i 've been thinking of using the hp stars for my upcoming constellation tattoos . 
  it would be a subtle nod . 
  an accurate picture of me every night . 
  my brother does this + he lines the toilet seat with about half the damn roll of tp . 
  i 'm a girl and i used to change my bedsheets ~ every turn of the season , but upon finding out that apparently that is disgusting ( even though i prefer night-showers and do n't go to bed dirty most nights ) , i 've taken to changing my bedding at the beginning of each month . 
  which according to some people is still not often enough , * however * , i like to think of it as immune building . 
  y' all americans have allergy issues cause you clean so much . 
  i 've had a lot of people tell me they thought i was a stuck up bitch/other form of that term before they got to know me and realized i 'm one of the kindest people they know . 
  it 's that resting bitch face syndrome . 
  this is probably one of the neatest snitch tattoos i 've ever seen . 
  love the colors and design . 
  dude . 
  i 'm impressed with the tattoo overall , but i 'm super impressed with your artist 's lettering skillz . 
  those are some a + fine lines . 
  wow , that 's amazing !, 
  i 'm jealous of your clearly ungrateful giftee . 
  as an aside , my giftee was exactly the same . 
  by their prefernces , it seemed like they did n't care about hp at all . 
  their fav character was `` snape or hermione i guess '' . 
  i 've had quite a bit of trouble lately on redditgifts in that all ( but one ) of the people that i 've gifted have not responded to my messages/posted their gift/communicated at all that they received anything . 
  smh . 
  it makes me so mad . 
  especially when i put substantial effort into making sure they get cool shit . 
  i 'm currently cleaning my room section by section , and i plan on cleaning the rest of the house like this too . 
  what i did before i began was i sat down and wrote out my plans :, 
  figured out the sections , described how i was going to clean them/what my goals were for cleaning them and their propose final outcome . 
  if you break up a space into sections , it 's a lot easier to get it done . 
  also , do n't forget mood music . 
  kind of . 
  i started out with my skinny bookcase as section 1 . 
  section 2 was my desk , which i further broke down into top and bottom . 
  section 3 was my small ikea bookcase . 
  section 4 will be my big ikea bookcase . 
  section 5 will be my hanging closet . 
  idk if anyone else knows that gutty feeling you get when you 're super excited and want to literally scream , but mine is still doing the internal screaming thing half an hour later . 
  i 've never had a favorite episode until now . 
  that 's the point where i started crying . 
  i am sad the umbers did turn out to be shits siding with the boltons . 
  smalljohn umber was hot , rip . 
  i did not notice lord karstark on the battlefield , however , and i was wondering where he was as well . 
  maybe we 'll get a scene like that for tyrion as well . 
  trio unite !, 
  yes , he should 've zigzagged . 
  but , he was running for his life . 
  when you 're honestly running for your life , your main thought is to get the fuck away as fast as possible , not serpentine your way across , even though that would help you survive longer . 
  idk man , i was more concerned with the gut wrenching feeling in my stomach of knowing ramsay was purposely missing until he was close enough for jon to grab him . 
  yes . 
  when i saw him have his helper whip his bow and arrow out i was like oh shit !!!, 
  archery is his strong suit . 
  he hunted his girls with his dogs and myranda when we first met him . 
  you can also see his archery prowess when jon gets into winterfell . 
  even though it 's close quarters , his aim is true and if jon had n't blocked those arrows , he would 've killed him . 
  he was literally just playing his sick fuck ramsay games with rickon when he was running . 
  those arrows could have killed rickon easily , but he missed on purpose because what 's the fun in having him die so far from jon ? 
  he wanted jon to see him die within arm 's reach . 
  now come the days of the queen !, 
  may they blessed . 
  quote gandalf , in my head . 
  thank you . 
  okay but can we just take a moment to appreciate how fantastic he looks in black ? 
  she 's an uppity white bitch who does n't know what cooking is . 
  i was personally outraged by this scene . 
  yess !, 
  i do n't often pay too much attention to the music , other than picking up on character theme songs - but this episode broke that monotony of sound . 
  really striking pieces throughout . 
  got : the only series that makes you feel okay with incest . 
  yes !, 
  my brother pointed it out and i was too hype at first , but then they panned on her again and i was like yes , yes she does look like dany . 
  maybe to ensure that he was killed ? 
  he was on his way while lancel was crawling toward the wildfyre , which means he probably would n't have made it there in time to blow up . 
  also , cersei really disliked pycelle , so she may have wanted him to suffer in a particular way . 
  basically . 
  he went to dorne , talked to the sand snakes before olenna got there , then was like hey olenna , let 's do this . 
  and then , if you pay attention to the sails on the ships in the final scene , he gathered the martells/dornish fleet to set sail adjacently with dany 's fleet . 
  this was my exact thought . 
  jon letting mel go gives her more of a chance of running into arya in the wild . 
  yes , i dislike michael gambon 's dumbledore . 
  richard harris was perfect for the role , rip . 
  i recently read something saying that michael gambon refused to read what dumbledore was supposed to be like , and instead did his own interpretation of what the thought dumbledore should be like , which is why he 's more surly/vivacious/not calm in hp4 . 
  exactly !, 
  game of thrones finale was last night . 
  it was an homage/reminder to post a status update about it . 
  i do when i try to type or swipe with one hand . 
  generally though , i 've taken to typing with both thumbs and i 'm okay . 
  i use the adaptive charge wall plug the phone came with along with a 10ft cable . 
  tbh , anything shorter than 10ft is too short for me . 
  they work great together . 
  i hope that happens .
