  mouth . 
  also can we just take a moment to scrutinize that over the top phallic scene with mclaggen . 
  it makes me uncomfortable every time i see it . 
  great snape pic choice . 
  sounds like `` hang to the left '' ? 
  wow , the cringe was palpable . 
  but i guess i ca n't expect better when the groomsmen are wearing bandannas . 
  i did n't come to name this one , however , i watched the pilot and it was like fuck yeah !, 
  and then i watched the 2nd episode and i was like hell no . 
  i stopped watching when they introduced the peter pan story . 
  i 've been in the middle of watching season 5 on netflix for like a year . 
  i ca n't get over this hump . 
  i 'm bored with it . 
  but i want to not be bored with it . 
  a bathtub within which i can fit my entire body and not have to choose whether i want my titties or my ass submerged in water . 
  [ diamonds . 
  ] ( https://priceonomics.com/post/45768546804/diamonds-are-bullshit ), 
  wtf ?? 
  this sounds like something straight out of my deepest nightmares . 
  i 'm not like a tarot guru or anything , but i 've chosen all of my decks myself . 
  my friend did send me the miss cleo deck for shits and giggles though . 
  if you 're still taking readings , i 'd love one regarding career . 
  thanks . 
  my parents * still * wash sandwich ziploc bags and reuse them . 
  it 's economical . 
  my 11th grade chemistry teacher did this with the soap we had at our work stations . 
  he 'd been doing this for so long that it was mostly water with a smidge of soap . 
  the real mvp . 
  it is known . 
  if i was n't a poor millennial , i would give you gold for this comment . 
  ** honorary gold **, 
  this was exactly my train of thought . 
  in high school , my friend checked out flowers for algernon in the beginning of our senior year to this girl who had been bullying her since middle school and then hid it behind like the world books so that she incurred fines all year long for the book . 
  me too . 
  that 's why i titled it boudoir . 
  stfu . 
  learn something new every day . 
  if you 're still accepting requests , i 'm in !, 
  so basically , they 're gon na rake in the galleons because people like me will want each version . 
  ahh teenage drama . 
  that 's super ridiculous of her but i 've heard similar things before . 
  if she 's being that petty , she 's not worth your time . 
  i 'm sorry she did n't end up being the kind of friend you expected . 
  you will find better . 
  i sat here scrolling through all of this thinking i do n't really know anyone with helicopter parents , but then i realized i kinda do . 
  one of my childhood friends is the daughter of a single mother . 
  her mom calls her incessantly to make sure she 's okay and get a checkup on where she is/what she 's doing . 
  my favorite part though is that my friend is now married 2 years and her mom is also now married . 
  but her mom and her mom 's husband live with her and her husband in my friend 's house . 
  this is a grown ass woman who 's about to be 27 and her mom still wo n't `` let her leave the nest '' as it were . 
  or wo n't leave her own daughter 's nest , really . 
  i work with her cousin who has expressed that her family thinks is really weird and wrong . 
  thank you . 
  yes it did . 
  it 's a whole lot of what my horoscopes have been saying as well as other readings . 
  looooove !, 
  i have n't seen a rhaegar x lyanna cosplay before , but you guys nailed it . 
  those photos are incredible , i am so jealous . 
  i 'm done lmaoooo, 
  current swear word substitutes i 'm using :, 
  - fudge popsicles !!, 
  - what the snick snack paddy whack, 
  - what the frickle frackle, 
  are you still taking requests ? 
  if so , i request the highest of 5s . 
  and also a reading ? 
  thank you !, 
  how does breathing occur ? 
  mouth alone ? 
  is ^ it ^ ^ just ^ ^ ^ fantasy ^ ^ ^ ^ !, 
  yes, 
  thank you, 
  this one is just the cutest ever , i ca n't handle it . 
  fucking crying, 
  omfg that is literally my favorite vine . 
  i have it bookmarked so i can laugh when i need to . 
  why are you so amazing ? 
  jfc that vine makes me lol every fucking time . 
  flat earth chips . 
  this fraction denotes perfection in film-reviewing situations, 
  damn it , that 's 3 am for me . 
  i 'm not waking up for this . 
  right you are . 
  i bet you have , pelvic sorcery . 
  i was just telling one of my hs friends on sunday that i regret not buying my yearbooks for sophomore and junior year - partly because those were the years i was in color guard and there were a ton of pictures of me in there . 
  but also because i have an incomplete set of yearbooks . 
  you got ta pay the troll toll to get into this boy 's hole, 
  pickled herring , beets in all forms , apparently people do n't like sauerkraut or vinegar ? 
  i 'm all for both , chicken livers, 
  i know there 's more . 
  sardines in mustard or tomato sauce omg . 
  my mouth is watering . 
  okay , listen . 
  lowell brand pickles and their pickle juice are like the creme de la creme of pickle juice . 
  they do n't use colorants and it 's not too vinegary . 
  it tastes like a slightly sweet but tangy drink with dill type spices and i wish i could have everyone who loves pickle juice try it . 
  eta : i left to go eat a pickle and drink the juice after posting this . 
  so good . 
  omg . 
  the panda bear plushie my dad brought back from ohio but i always thought was from his trip to china .
