  although i do believe asoiaf is probably a reference to multiple things in the series . 
  i was going to say the same . 
  he was most likely waiting for his weapon of mass destruction . 
  i saw that as well ( i watch everything with captions , lol ) and i was like ???????? 
  i 'm thinking it was an error at captioning that probably was missed during the double check . 
  lmao i 'm crying, 
  i wonder if catspaw is a play on words . 
  like catelyn 2.0 ( sansa ) full circle rejects lf . 
  wikipedia definition : `` cat 's paw . 
  ... cat 's paw is a phrase derived from la fontaine 's fable , `` the monkey and the cat '' , referring to a person used unwittingly or unwillingly by another to accomplish the other 's own purpose . '', 
  also seems relevant . 
  at my last job , my boss became so comfortable talking to me about her sexual adventures in dating that she once excitedly mentioned `` i 'll let a guy do whatever he wants - cum on my face , whatever ! '', 
  thanks for the visual carol . 
  i 'm not bisexual but i 've kissed more girls than guys . 
  anyway , my observation has been that ladies kiss softer/more sensually/more meaningfully ? 
  than guys . 
  guys tend to be rougher/more hurried/doing crazy shit with their tongues as a way to show you `` what dat mouf do tho '' . 
  what a cool shot . 
  i ca n't recall ever really seeing a photo composition like this before , it 's definitely non-traditional . 
  good job !, 
  was re-watching before finale came on, 
  thanks !, 
  i made my whole costume , including the necklace . 
  thanks !, 
  i tried to copy the makeup as closely as i could and even got colored contacts ( hard to see in this photo ), 
  bonus : this was my costume for motor city comic con this year and i `` gave birth '' to a black balloon demon on stage during the contest ( by gave birth i mean i moved it out from behind the overwrap of my dress and smacked it into the audience ), 
  i 'm just so impressed and in love with the a + rhaegar casting and styling and everything about him . 
  damn , hello . 
  bruh . 
  that would be cool , but i 'm pretty sure melisandre will perform the feat in the books as well . 
  not use the proper past tense of `` see '' . 
  i can make that happen for you at a cost . 
  * y' all . 
  [ reminds me of this sebastian maniscalco bit . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0swzvm-gxhg ), 
  this looks like the cover art from a cassette tape of romanian folklore i have . 
  in justin timberlake 's [ summer love ] ( https://youtu.be/p-h1udc3sla?t=74 ) , there 's a part at the end of the chorus where he says l-o-v-e but it sounds like `` oh vivi ( pronounced veevee ) '' and i like it better cause my name is viviana and it sounds like he 's singing to me directly . 
  god , there 's just so many . 
  how about when every picture is a picture of multiple people . 
  like who the fuck are you in these pictures ? 
  omg where 'd y' all by fiind that jacket ? 
  or did you diy it ? 
  either way , i 'm in love . 
  i recall reading a post in the facebook group i 'm part of ( i have synesthesia : i 'm not a freak , i 'm a synesthete ) where someone brought up the fact that made up languages and synesthesia have a correlation in that there was a study , i believe , that found that many synesthetes had made-up languages as children . 
  i am part of that statistic , but i was wondering whether anyone else in the synnie subreddit community is too ? 
  i started reading this book for pleasure a few days ago because i never had to do it for school . 
  i 'm not entirely sure if it 's because i do n't have to overanalyze it and write all kinds of reports on it , but i 'm really enjoying it . 
  it 's easy to read and the vocabulary is fantastically rich . 
  did anyone have to read it for school and not like it ? 
  or did you like it nevertheless ? 
  or have you read it for pleasure as well and what do you think ? 
  hey guys, 
  i 've had an on-again off-again relationship with ww for the the past 2 years where i 've joined/unjoined a couple times and today i decided to rejoin again in the hopes that i would stick to it like i did 4 years ago when i first started . 
  my biggest problem with it is becoming lazy with tracking and doing mental tracking instead , and ultimately losing my grip on the program . 
  when i first started ww , i was adamant about tracking because paying for the service kept me making sure i was using it . 
  but again , toward the end of that first 2 years , i started doing mental tracking more than actual tracking and i eventually quit because i was stagnating in my weight loss due to not following the program correctly . 
  i lost about 40 lbs with it the first time around , but have since gained back about ~ 18 in the past 2 years and i am super frustrated . 
  anyway , all that to say - does anyone else have this problem ? 
  how do you keep yourself in check and make sure you 're tracking ? 
  generally the whole giving my money away thing keeps me line , but i still tend to veer off . 
  i ` ma make a long story short :, 
  i interviewed for the vml position and did n't get it , but i am now on the bench and my stl/hr-etl/sl-etl are grooming me toward being able to interview again in 4-6 months . 
  i 'm being promoted to a brand team member with an additional 25cents added to my hourly . 
  my stl told me today that i am on the schedule in nov/dec as an lod , `` training '' with my sl-etl , and that she 'll be telling me more about it tomorrow . 
  that said - is it/how is it okay for me to be a brand tm and only get an extra 25c , but also be training/acting lod with all the duties that come along ? 
  while i will be getting more info , i doubt it 's going to be anything about appropriate compensation ( though i 'll make sure to inquire ) . 
  is this something typical of target , or is this just another round of shenanigans from my particular store ? 
  i understand they 're trying to train/prepare/groom me for the future , but i certainly feel like if they 're only going to give me a mere 25c raise , this is an exploitation of my talents . 
  i did my usual research to understand the meaning of the cards , but i was hoping someone here may want to put their intuitive two cents in ? 
  upright the lovers, 
  upright queen of swords, 
  upright strength, 
  reversed 7 of swords, 
  upright king of cups, 
  the trailer for the film adaptation was suggested to me by some pages i follow on fb a couple weeks ago and i was so enamored with it , i downloaded the book and got to reading . 
  immediately engrossing and easy to read and lovely and * goddamnit * so heartbreakingly good that i 'm still crying . 
  anyone else read it ? 
  [ here 's the trailer for those interested . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t0mmkg_ng1u ), 
  i 'm curious as to what the vml does throughout the day at everyone else 's store ( for those of you who have a vml ) . 
  just wondering whether this is a company-wide thing or just our store - but do you guys not backstock folded softlines ? 
  it frustrates me to no end that we have so many damn shirts in rtw that * barely * fit , but we 're `` not allowed '' to backstock them . 
  it looks absolutely terrible from a visual standpoint to have so much merchandise out , imo . 
  i understand we 're not a boutique store and we should have ample amounts of merch out , but this is just ridiculous . 
  tbh , i send infant and girls backstock to the backroom all the time , because idgaf . 
  does anyone have any recommendations for longer quick-charge cables and where to buy them ? 
  diagon alley chapter , page 71 in the illustrated edition, 
  `` it seems only yesterday she was in here herself , buying her first wand . 
  ten and a quarter inches long , swishy , made of willow . 
  ** nice wand for charm work . 
  mr. ollivander moved closer to harry . 
  harry wished he would blink . 
  those silvery eyes were a bit creepy . 
  `` your father , on the other hand , favoured a mahogany wand . 
  eleven inches . 
  a little more power and ** excellent for transfiguration . 
  a little light went off when i read this and realized oh yeah , lily - charms , goldfish for slughorn , and then obviously , james , illegal animagus . 
  does anyone know of any lighted selfie cases for the note 5 ? 
  i did n't find any on amazon , just the clip on light rings which are overpriced imo , and kinda clunky . 
  i just got the marshmallow update this morning and i 've noticed that i ca n't find any text bubble display options to change the look of them .
