  ice . 
  the cup should n't be 3/4 ice , 1/4 drink . 
  it really bothers me . 
  overly enthusiastic/fake ass people . 
  i have a manager at work who consistently puts on a `` happy face '' even when shit hits the fan and while that can be admirable , i see right through it and i just want to slap her and tell her to allow herself to be vulnerable for once . 
  she 's also super chatty and i wish she 'd shut the fuck up . 
  i do n't trust anyone who hides behind masks like that . 
  the content creeps me out tbh . 
  this is something that genuinely upsets me tbh . 
  i ca n't program my body to fit your expectations of when you think i should use the bathroom . 
  i mean , just , wtf . 
  even if i could , i goddamn would n't . 
  it 's the same kind of bullshit they would say to us in school - use the bathroom in the 4 minutes between classes where you have to cross half the school to change books and do n't you dare be late . 
  fuck that trash . 
  swimming . 
  * shudder *, 
  baked chicken livers are delicious and now you 've made me want some . 
  i was the only person in the theater whose reaction was an immediate `` oh my god '' to that line . 
  i 'm pretty sure we are . 
  what broadway musical ? 
  i 've never skipped any intro , but i go out my way to listen to the game of thrones and house of cards themes . 
  i find that 's often how overall attractiveness works . 
  you might find someone even minimally physically attractive but if they have a great personality , it bumps up their attractiveness to you like +100 pts . 
  i might have something relevant to share . 
  when i see someone come through an area i just folded or hung correctly and shit is suddenly on the ground or bunched into balls , looking like goddamn hurricane katrina blew through my zone ... 
  or jeans, 
  coupled with negligent parents who cop an attitude when you ask them to please stop your child from fucking with our thousand dollar mannequins . 
  or when you 're making a turn out of a street and they do n't signal so you do n't even know what they 're waiting for . 
  like when you 're at checkout and the bitch behind you is so close to you , you got ta be like damn i did n't know we were fucking sardines in a can . 
  i had a seasonal coworker this past winter who would do that and talk at the same time , while continuously shoving food in her mouth . 
  holy fuck , i 've never been more disgusted in my life by that . 
  i experience rage like no other when i see someone turning out of a traffic lane instead of a turn lane . 
  like , who the fuck gave you your license !? 
  same , i 've always associated them with swinger couples . 
  they are this year 's visual trend . 
  last year it was giant palm tree like leaves all over the place . 
  after finishing se5ep12 , uh , yeah . 
  absolutely . 
  like two rotund boobies with a lot of space between them . 
  the ` no bs managing the style team ' varies from store to store . 
  our vml manages the style team so much and does a million other things , that 's she 's behind 60 hrs on her workload . 
  it just depends on your store tbh . 
  jesus christ no . 
  and i really hope we never do . 
  in fact , it 's something that i occasionally think about and then knock on wood for never happening . 
  i personally find it appealing that there 's no music , as i 've worked in plenty of places that do and hearing the same music all the time just means going home and hearing them in your head the rest of the night . 
  i 've heard guests noticing that we do n't have music before , most of them have felt it 's weird . 
  they 're getting real close to my final straw , especially with this entire over haul again of end to end . 
  and they expect us to cater to guest 's like we 're a boutique with 3 ppl shopping ? 
  there 's a lot of other bullshit . 
  my stl has come in during his vacation , like the entire week , to work/check on the store . 
  among a thousand other things . 
  you can wear capris that cover your knees . 
  and skirts . 
  i do racks with one other person , we usually take 45min-1 hr per pallet . 
  mondays it 's usually 4 pallets . 
  shit takes us all day to break out and push . 
  and her and i are the only ones that do racks . 
  i literally do n't give a fuck what you 're buying , i just want to get you out as fast as my hands can scan your shit . 
  i do n't think people are afraid of the condition itself but of the work that goes into taking care of someone with autism . 
  probably because of those reasons . 
  it 's like being afraid of the dark - you 're really just afraid of what you do n't know . 
  i think this new generation of parents will do better with sexual education . 
  i agree . 
  but i also believe that as people become more open sexually themselves , they 'll be more likely to discuss sexuality with their children in an honest way . 
  wow . 
  i 'm just not a cop , guys . 
  just saw a snapchat from bretman rock rocking a pair . 
  i never had them , but i kinda want some to roll around in at work . 
  last time i visited my home country of rom\u00e2nia , i was surprised by all the colored toilet paper everywhere . 
  i really like my xtava peony with their big orchid diffuser . 
  i 'm on mobile right now so i ca n't link properly , but you can find them on amazon . 
  i could 've used this lpt yesterday when i was testing them and ordering them, 
  that is a particularly gorgeous chunk . 
  i do n't go often enough but i keep it cause they 've got a pool and i love the option to swim 365 days a year . 
  damn , son, 
  i do n't buy bottled water , but one time at the frankfurt airport , i spent $ 12 on 2 bottles of water . 
  damn , he looks exactly on point . 
  this is why i exclusively use the backroom bathroom . 
  okay serious question though , why are they locked up ? 
  are they special edition ? 
  ours are in a lock case . 
  me right now but i have no angel wings . 
  people wearing masks . 
  doctors/anyone in lab coats . 
  tbh , still kinda am . 
  the wicked witch of the west . 
  i 'm not sure i 've seen this one before , but it 's gorgeous !, 
  thanks, 
  love . 
  reminds me of like 90s mermaid type merchandise with that specific scent of a high pitched plastic . 
  tell 'em to take me with them next time . 
  it gives me the same kind of uncontrollable-pit-of-my-stomach-giddiness feelings that harry potter book and film releases did and that is a rare occurrence in life . 
  bless you grrm for creating such an incredible world . 
  cleganebowl confirmed . 
  such gorgeous clean lines, 
  they both have acid tongues , which is a huge part of why they 're so likable . 
  they do n't take no shit and will call you out for it . 
  i honestly ca n't choose between them , because they 're both incredible characters . 
  pretty sure i just had a space orgasm .
