  i passed !, 
  shoutout to whoever your artist was , their lines are beautiful and crisp . 
  hahaha yes - i did n't like any other chameleon/iguana i found and pascal was the cutest , so i chose him . 
  he confused a few people before they saw the bus on the other shoulder . 
  ahhh i 'm so glad !, 
  if she uploads it on instagram , my handle is the same as here !, 
  perfect , thank you !, 
  dude , i do n't even watch the walking dead , but i saw you a few times throughout the day yesterday and you were perfect . 
  my mom loved your portrayal as well . 
  miss frizzle gives you an a +, 
  first , i did n't realize there was a subreddit for my #foreveralone status , but searching for mccc brought me to this post and now i 'm like sadly happy that i know there 's a subreddit for it . 
  secondly , this is my 4th year going to mccc and thankfully , i have n't had to be the extra wheel during any of the years i 've gone ( although my first year , i was with my bff and her bf , but we were with a much larger group of wrestlers the whole weekend ) but , i 've been the extra wheel in * so * many other situations and it 's awkward and it really * does * make you feel the whole ` alone and lonely ' feels . 
  i 'm sorry your couple friends were turds and did n't want to do cool stuff at mccc . 
  i also keep doing a lot of things solo , and while most of the time i enjoy it , there are certain times and places that make me feel really alone and singular - like going to the zoo for example . 
  i 'd add going to the movies , but i really enjoy not having to match my schedule for that with anyone else . 
  yes and no . 
  yes because it gets aggravating . 
  people are always asking me `` so are you seeing anyone ? '', 
  followed up with `` omg why ? 
  you 're so an amazing person and you 're so pretty '' blah blah blah and i 'm like well clearly i 'm not since i 'm like always #foreveralone . 
  and also no , because i 'm a sappy romantic . 
  i 'm about to turn 25 a couple months and continue this foreveralone train . 
  you 're not alone . 
  and you 're not better off dead . 
  i love olive phelps :'), 
  i mean , he is learned . 
  i 'm also starting to feel the whole ` my friends are settling down and idk wtf i 'm doing with my life ' but i 'm just about to turn 25 and a lot of ppl keep telling me to chill the fuck out cause i 'm still young , so i 'm taking it in stride . 
  but 31 is n't that old either . 
  you 'll be fine . 
  i walked pasted a loooot of batmans yesterday , so i may have passed you guys . 
  i was lost in space miss frizzle from the magic school bus . 
  does anyone know where/in what trailer the stabbing children are ? 
  i did n't see them in trailer 2 ? 
  i ca n't believe i have the blu-rays but i 've never explored the extra content . 
  how do i call myself a true fan ? 
  * swoon *, 
  thanks !, 
  she also * looks * like mel . 
  i love littlefinger . 
  but i also love the look of terror on his face when she 's questioning him in that preview . 
  i was n't aware people would be angry either . 
  this was the most badass thing she 's done in a long ass time . 
  i * pumped * . 
  i watched a breakdown and now i see it . 
  [ i ship this so much . 
  it 's short for ` relationship ' and turned into an action verb . 
  to ship . 
  to wish x and y are in a relationship . 
  shipping . 
  i shippeth thee . 
  i mean , her hand was so outstretched for that knife . 
  and ramsay might play dumb , but he 's not . 
  ayy girl , 
  possibly . 
  personally , i like to think it 's genuine because he 's realized he 's helped create an incredibly strong female who 's about to put his ass on the chopping block and he ca n't weasel himself out of it . 
  no apparent reason ? 
  they just witnessed this white haired foreigner walk out of a burning building * unscathed * . 
  i think you 're taking it at face value . 
  yeah she just walked out of this burning building unscathed , which by the way is still bloody amazing , but she also just annihilated all the khals in doing so , single-handedly , and * then * walked out unscathed . 
  she is the unburnt x2 . 
  she is khaleesi of the great grass sea who just fucking took that shit because she could because like she told the khals before she killed them , she 's a better ruler than all of them . 
  that 's pretty fucking badass , bro . 
  have you missed the not-entirely-subtle scenes she 's had this season thus far where she 's showing her growing strength ? 
  she 's been beaten down for 5 seasons , she 's starting to finally come into the light of her strength and accepting that * she * has to take what she wants and not let others control her . 
  omfg , i 'm secondhand blushing and giggling by myself . 
  i ship t x b so hard . 
  =o torriene is a perfect name mashup for this union , brilliant . 
  this was my old boss 's favorite song . 
  she 'd blare it on repeat on her drive home nearly every day . 
  great song to work out to . 
  so much shoulder shrugging, 
  overnight celebrity by twista, 
  i just heard this one on the radio a couple days ago and i was like oh shit , i literally have n't heard this in 12 years . 
  holy moley that 's amazing . 
  my childhood . 
  my grandpa used to bring me fresh off the comb honey all the time . 
  it was divine . 
  it 's torienne , get it right . 
  ( 5/7 great job tho ), 
  [ i mean he just witnessed this ] ( http://38.media.tumblr.com/1978e2e40db2df3bf5dd5c310dc311b6/tumblr_n8r8obpvpq1qciah5o2_250.gif ), 
  well , technically , you could say the brief period between sansa escaping and rickon arriving is a winterfell with no starks . 
  and yes , in the earlier seasons , after bran & rickon escape there 's quite a long time with no starks in winterfell , which paved the way for the boltons to take over . 
  i literally cackled . 
  meanwhile , i 've always been more empathetic with dany than jon and i 've always found her story to be more interesting . 
  maybe that makes me more inhumane and inhuman . 
  * shrug *, 
  i want to say if they i 'd been forced to read asoiaf in high school , i would 've been interested in analyzing themes & symbolism in literature , but i 'd be lying to myself because in depth analysis in a high school setting always ruined everything good . 
  the only reason i was okay with analyzing candide my senior year was because i had read it for leisure the summer before my freshman year . 
  but your post got me thinking for a bit - i too now obsess with analysis of the show and books . 
  and it 's * fun * and i analyze all kinds of non-asoiaf/got stuff for fun now as well . 
  he 's gon na need some sour cream for that burn . 
  that 's just another day in the world of asoiaf . 
  grrm tends to do this a lot with characters . 
  makes us feel empathy for characters we hated and hatred for characters we loved . 
  i think i recall him saying something once in an interview about like how you have to imagine when writing/reading that a character does n't inherently think themselves bad . 
  this made the most sense for cersei 's chapters to me . 
  everyone else perceives her as this bad person , but in her chapters , we get to see her point of view and it 's never really * bad * , it 's her trying to look out for herself and her own . 
  she does n't see anything she does as bad . 
  torienne is much nicer sounding than any other name mashup i 've heard . 
  i 'm sticking to it .
