  [ this is the cable i have . 
  ] ( https://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/b017dctjdg/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o05_s00?ie=utf8&amp;psc=1 ), 
  thanks for the heads up . 
  update , your suggestion worked . 
  thank you . 
  but this is beautiful !, 
  do you sell these ? 
  i 'm still not okay with these house names . 
  so am i !, 
  hmmm . 
  perhaps they might not be blockable ... but cruciatus and imperius can both be fought , as seen in the books . 
  in hp4 , when crouch/moody imperius 's harry , he fights it . 
  and so does barty crouch , when he 's found by harry and krum on the edge of the forest . 
  the cruciatus curse is harder to fight , but i think harry does that in hp5 ? 
  zombies/the walking dead . 
  never had any inclination to be interested in this particular part of culture . 
  thank you !, 
  i came here to name her . 
  i totally agree . 
  it 's not even that she 's so sweet . 
  it 's that she 's so innocent and pure . 
  like a little flower to be cherished . 
  i do n't feel this vehemently about him , but he is definitely one of my least favorite characters . 
  his accent trips me up to read and any chapters that focus on him are slow for me . 
  i constantly think about the money i do n't have . 
  as a romanian , i constantly run into people who think that transylvania is a made up place . 
  it 's not . 
  it is true . 
  * it is known . 
  hahahaha , i always have to include [ this wonderful website ] ( https://allromaniansarevampires.com/ ) when someone mentions vampires x romania . 
  yes . 
  vlad the impaler . 
  he was a boss who killed our enemies who were constantly invading our land like the turks and so on , and as a reminder for what happens to those who dare to do that , he impaled them/their heads on spikes all around so people were aware of the consequences . 
  he also did this to his own peoples ( thieves/criminals ) . 
  if you 'd like to learn more about him specifically , there 's plenty of stuff out there via the internet/books and so on . 
  hahahaha omg , my mom made stuffed cabbage rolls this weekend . 
  thanks for reminding me , i forgot that was a dinner option tonight . 
  true . 
  but as we saw with slughorn 's memories , you can * tell * when they 're altered . 
  what ? 
  that 's a new one . 
  i think so, 
  the dreaming way deck is my favorite/primary . 
  got it on amazon . 
  also got the linestrider deck there last week . 
  i got one of robert m. place 's decks ( the seven something ... 
  i 'm not at home right now to check the name ) at my local crystal shop . 
  i 've always thought it was something like sexual abuse , but given that hp is set in a world with magic , probably not . 
  probably something equally as mortifying though . 
  i 'm satisfied with my regular illustrated version for 1/16th of the price, 
  almost sounds like black eyed susie, 
  nope . 
  i get motion sickness on boats for sure and a little on airplanes at take off . 
  ugh , so jealous . 
  i miss the homeland . 
  are you selling these !? 
  and if not , can i have one !, 
  thanks !, 
  yes , and i think it 's brilliant . 
  i wish there were more . 
  those look awesome . 
  good job . 
  i am a girl . 
  i do not find him attractive . 
  he looks perpetually sweaty and lazy eyed and i just ... ca n't . 
  this is an excellently apt review . 
  looking forward to the rest of them since i feel like the movies diverted from the books much more as they go on . 
  mmmmm ... hp5 was the worst imo . 
  hp3 was just ... * different * from all others . 
  suddenly we there was humor , shrunken heads on the knight bus and no robes wtf . 
  but i feel like they butchered ootp . 
  i 'm a cancer who just spent a whole week with one of my best friends who is a capricorn ( 1 of 3 ! ), 
  and maybe it 's the cancer season , but we did have some emotional tension . 
  we often do , however . 
  i find that we definitely balance each other out and pull and tug at each other and so on . 
  i agree . 
  and i find that my capricorn friends balance my lofty dreams and emotions by bringing me down to earth , even if i do n't always like it . 
  every time i see professional chefs making scrambled eggs , they 're undercooked , imo . 
  i personally would n't eat those . 
  you 're romanian , are n't you ? 
  i wish i could take the tickets , but i 'm all the way in detroit . 
  also , condolences . 
  that magikarp though . 
  i was under that impression that guys ' balls were inside their penis and that when they dropped , they would fill out the penis . 
  like balls into a tube . 
  around ~ 4 years ago , i met this old man named frank at my favorite la fitness gym while we were both swimming . 
  i was doing the backstroke and he complimented me that i had the best backstroke he 'd ever seen . 
  then we spent the remaining 3 hours that the gym was open talking in the pool and in the hot tub and he told me incredible stories that spanned a variety of topics , though i specifically remember him telling me about his love of motorcycles , his death experiences in which he was close to reaching heaven , and his love of travel ( and that he was leaving for texas the next day ) . 
  i always hope i run into him again when i go swimming at that gym , but i have n't yet . 
  i hope he 's doing alright , he was so kind . 
  thank you for all your suggestions !, 
  i 'm going to head over to all these sites and see what they right now . 
  joe ? 
  why do i find that hilarious, 
  sometimes i honestly just do n't feel like opening my mouth to say hello back . 
  i generally just smile back in those instances . 
  my god . 
  should n't be too hard . 
  too soon . 
  now if only grrm could take a leaf out of her book and write as quickly while still including all that foreshadowing .
