  i think it 's a waste of time , tbh , if you 're constantly being called up to grab more reshop . 
  also , while i see the benefit of doing it this way , it completely falls apart if someone does n't do reshop fast enough or whatever during their reshop hour . 
  and getting rid of all the bins ??? 
  there goes any hope for a buffer zone in case you get inundated with a sudden influx of reshop . 
  i heard about this on the radio yesterday morning and it 's just ridiculous . 
  what is $ 3500 out of a multi-billion dollar profit ? 
  just pay the damn lady instead of getting sued ? 
  i like that too . 
  i think they suggested season 3 first because they gained rights to producing season 3 onwards so they can call it a netflix original now . 
  soooo , is ship from store supposed to have been a part of the `` innovation '' tech savviness ?? 
  and self-checkout ? 
  simply : stop fixing shit that is n't broken . 
  my stl is the worst micromanager i 've ever had the mispleasure of working for in my entire life . 
  and then he wonders why he has so many opportunities and wants to know why the team reacts the way it does etc. 
  seriously if you just give me clear directions and trust me that i 'm going to do my job without you constantly checking up on me and `` partnering '' with me to finish this caf because you think i ca n't do it myself for i really do n't know what reason other than you 're own insecurities , i promise you , boo boo , i will deliver for you . 
  see , that 's the mentality of someone who 's been through it before though . 
  the problem with management who has n't been on the sales floor before is that they have little to no empathy concerning shit like this . 
  yeah , story time dude . 
  nope . 
  target celebrates diversity in its workers . 
  i 've been every shade of red , orange , yellow , pink etc and no one has ever said anything like `` you ca n't have that here '' . 
  there are no rules about hair color in our handbook . 
  similarly with tattoos and piercings , you 're allowed to show them off and have them . 
  one of the team leads that left 2 years ago had green hair when she did . 
  i did n't like playtest either . 
  i felt like the main character came off as a cocky dum dum and that assistant lady seemed too full of herself imo . 
  the episode idea was certainly interesting though . 
  this is prior to changing the back panels to the darker gray . 
  i had to help our signing lady with that . 
  we have n't received the new logo photo panels though . 
  based on what i did n't give up when i was hardcore into losing weight , bread . 
  my weakness . 
  my love . 
  my mouth just started watering writing this . 
  came here expecting a bunch of country songs ; was not disappointed . 
  burned by ellen hopkins, 
  me before you by jojo moyes, 
  harry potter and the deathly hallows, 
  the fault in our stars by john green, 
  fun fact : this is a fun fact i have not come upon anywhere else before . 
  you 're saying the end that does n't have the stem in the bottom ?? 
  that 's always been the top of the banana in my world . 
  and i bite into it to open it up . 
  crocs with the heels ... 
  creels . 
  what the fuck . 
  the mortal instruments : city of bones . 
  could n't even finish it , it was so bad . 
  indoor rock climbing, 
  movies, 
  go to the zoo ( it 's might be cold , but a lot of the animals will actually be out ), 
  hit up a museum or planetarium or science center, 
  remembering everyone 's phone numbers  calling said phone numbers based on memory  picking up calls blindly not knowing who was calling you  having a separate machine for caller id for your landline, 
  i do n't lose them , i just break them often : 10ft charging cables . 
  i just buy 3 packs all the time cause i know i 'm gon na fuck em up , it 's just a matter of when . 
  all of it . 
  i thought penises had like 2 ping pong sized balls in them and that 's what everyone meant when they talked about boy 's balls dropping during puberty - that they fell into the dick . 
  i 'm sure i 've heard louder things , but the one that stands out in my mind is a couple years ago when i overextended my knee while squatting in the shoe department at work . 
  loudest pop i 've ever heard , it fucking echoed in the store . 
  are we not allowed to just post the link ?? 
  if not , can i get the link as well please ? 
  the best photos i could manage with my phone through the telescope . 
  thanks mate !, 
  how . 
  i keep a recorder in my car so i can bust it out in the middle of traffic sometimes . 
  the way i peel my bananas , i 've been told . 
  i bite into the side with no stem and peel down . 
  sometimes i 'll crack them open long ways too . 
  he was wearing jeans . 
  sure !, 
  i used a meade etx-60at telescope that i got in like 1998/1999 and took the photos through my samsung galaxy note 5 phone . 
  i did not do any post-processing . 
  meanwhile in my house ... literally all my succulents die . 
  [ bubak and hungaricus from amadeus ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvwf6xbhjje ), 
  you can find real answers to this at / r/synesthesia, 
  when the actor/actress is `` crying '' but there are no tears . 
  the first time i noticed it was when jlo played selena and i was like hold up ... this bitch ai n't cryin ' for real . 
  i do n't fear death itself , i fear how i 'm going to die . 
  i do n't want to suffer . 
  have you tried / r/asmr, 
  thank you . 
  the latest messenger update fixed the problems , although now it 's acting weird and cutting off pictures i take in app . 
  smh . 
  yes . 
  we were on backup all night long last night . 
  okay but i hate myself for dancing and swaying to this . 
  lol do we work at the same store cause this sounds familiar . 
  snuck into comic con using passes from the previous year , twice . 
  the guy that checked my badge did so twice and decided that twice , even though the pass looked different from the current year , that it was valid . 
  on my last trip to romania , i ran into my dad 's friend - who i had just seen back in the states a couple months prior to my trip - on the street walking with his wife and kid while i was getting ready to go visit my other grandma with my uncle . 
  like , i was half way around the world and we ran into each other at the same time on the same street in a different country ??? 
  ayfkm ? 
  she 's a keeper . 
  sirius xm to shazam to spotify . 
  the golden trifecta of finding new music . 
  at least for me . 
  about 3-4 days i wan na say . 
  i 've only offered readings once but i 'm pretty sure i got responses from all 3 of the ppl who i did them for ( thanks ppl ! ), 
  and i always make sure to say thanks at the very least when ppl give me readings . 
  it 's just common courtesy , no ?
