  and i 'm shipping it hardcore . 
  but rises again harder and stronger, 
  i think imdb . 
  also , i just saw it on tumblr earlier this morning in tags . 
  i did n't know it while making this post though . 
  lmfao the layerfees . 
  i love it . 
  damn dude , you did some hardcore binging , good job . 
  i was just gon na say , my theory is that it was a guillotine style execution chamber . 
  buuuut since jkr says it 's for study that leads me to question how exactly does one study death when the veil kills you ? 
  is she selling it/copies of it ? 
  because that 's not creepy at all . 
  no , this is not happening at any of the targets in my area . 
  honestly people like this need better shit to do with their lives . 
  idk if it has to do with the bathroom policy , but i just read today that target annual revenue is down 5.4 % from last year and headquarters says it 's because of the weather . 
  i * also * saw a ton of posts on fb that were reposted by crazies who want to crash the target stock . 
  idk though , last year around this time , i was definitely getting more hours than i am right now . 
  thanks for the link !, 
  you could also include tyrion in here via his support from the mountain clans of the vale . 
  i could just about see the double heart eyes on his face in that scene . 
  i * really * hope nothing bad happens to them to split them apart before this ship can really sail . 
  this gif is giving me life . 
  i thought this was incredibly clever . 
  those * wrights * really got him . 
  omg , i 've watched this half a dozen times and i 'm still giggling and secondhand blushing and squirming with joy . 
  torienne ftw, 
  send him to the library/get him the books after you guys finish the series . 
  i do n't think she 's pregs . 
  like others have mentioned , i think she means the trauma of being raped and beaten and whatever else he did to her . 
  i imagine you do n't quickly forget what that feels like . 
  a sailor moon backpack that mysteriously went missing a few months after i arrived in the us when i was 7 . 
  this would 've been really cool to see while i was in school for fashion design . 
  what is this witchcraft, 
  that sounds so fancy too , i 'm into it . 
  last summer , my job fired one of our backroom guys , and instead of walking him out , they let him walk out on his own . 
  so he was like fuck it - he decided to go into the cooler-freezer and trash . 
  and i mean trash it . 
  and then he stupidly sent texts to his team lead and told him he 'd done it . 
  they ended up charging him with vandalism of company property and such . 
  one of my former high school classmates consistently overshares all kinds of personal stuff . 
  i specifically remember two instances that have stood out to me , however , and both involve her dad . 
  the first was a status about being on her period and having her dad pick up her tampons for her . 
  this is n't * too * scandalous , but still , nobody needs to know this . 
  the second was a status about her rabbit vibrator that her dad found and how it was awkward for her . 
  i 'm not condemning her for getting treating her crotchola right because i 'm all for it . 
  but again , * nobody needs to know this . 
  my children-laden former classmates do this all the time . 
  the quadratic formula . 
  i was absent on the day it was introduced . 
  it never stuck . 
  and i 've never used it outside of math classes anyway . 
  the most attractive coworker i have has this issue . 
  i used to want to get in them pants , but after spending a couple solo nights with him where he just did n't get these social cues that i was definitely done , i 'm like nope . 
  no thanks . 
  please stop talking . 
  i noticed when i came to america that in fact , quite a handful of americans do n't take their shoes off ( and thusly have rather disgusting floors ) . 
  the other thing i noticed is that they chill out at home in fucking jeans . 
  wtf . 
  so uncomfortable . 
  those are street pants , not lounging on the couch pants . 
  * should * , however , at the houses i 've been to that have had disgusting floors have had carpets everywhere that are walked on with shoes daily and are just ... unbelievably disgusting . 
  like at that point , i might as well keep wearing shoes cause i do n't want my socks or bare feet to touch the floor . 
  right , that 's what i was thinking too . 
  but just because you take a couple seconds to wipe your shoes does n't mean the remaining dirt is n't going to carry into the rest of your house and build up over time , regardless of how relentlessly you may clean the rest of the carpet/floor in your house . 
  and from the houses i have seen , ai n't nobody taking that much time to clean their carpets daily . 
  i vaguely remember the art contest . 
  i think i even participated , but i do n't think i sent anything in . 
  if it 's live-action , yes . 
  however , i would * love * for them to do it in the style of the tale of the three brothers , and i know i 'm not the only one . 
  do n't fuck me up like this . 
  goddamn that 's sad . 
  i want to hug you too and tell you it 's okay . 
  and it 's going to be . 
  you clearly have a deep wealth of compassion and selflessness , you are definitely going to do great things in this world . 
  a 10 ft charging cable for your phone . 
  tbh , i 'm not sure how much i 'm buying that they 've both ` atoned for their sins ' and seen the light of the seven . 
  the whole king 's landing section of this episode had me questioning . 
  did margaery * really * see the light , or is she faking and was like , hey tommen , low-key bae , we got ta pretend for a bit so we can undermine the sparrow the take this bitch down ( ? ) . 
  that 's what i 'm hoping is happening . 
  to answer your confusion about why he did n't turn into a ww , i 'm assuming the dragonglass/obsidian has both properties in that it can take a man into a ww , but can apparently also stop the process . 
  idk why other than it can . 
  it 's the same titan of braavos as always for the opening credits . 
  the one * in the show * is different , however . 
  unless there 's something else you 're noticing that 's different about him ? 
  i also noticed this . 
  in particular , just how quickly this change occurred . 
  in this same thread , i think he wants to study valyrian steel - construction , it 's properties , etc , at the citadel , what with their large library . 
  and conveniently , since dany has birthed 3 dragons into the world , there might just be a way of creating new valyrian steel . 
  + maybe the red priests and priestesses ? 
  yes . 
  after they launched the new one , i went on it and i was like wait ... where did all the information on the characters/events and things go !? 
  i 'm still trying to figure it out . 
  i do n't like this new one much at all . 
  yes it is !, 
  observations :, 
  tonks ' hair for the movie character . 
  did they scrap that white hair after taking that photo and have her dye it or did they use it as a canvas to cgi different colors on it ? 
  i do n't recall every seeing tonks with hair that color in the movies . 
  lmfao at matthew lewis , look at him holding that fucking frog . 
  idk why i find this so hilarious , but i 'm dying here .
