  a bible from the 1800s that my great-great grandparents were married with in columbus that was then taken back to romania and somehow came back to america again . 
  @steaknshakespeare : to be ? 
  not to be ? 
  bruh , these questions got me likeee, 
  - one time a guy shat his pants in the grocery section and just shook it down his pant leg and kept walking . 
  - recently a lady shaved her legs in the fitting rooms and wiped them with baby wipes and a shirt and left all the evidence in the stall . 
  - one time , a guy came in claiming the cross he bought was n't real gold and demanded a full refund because `` look , when it bite into , it bends '' and proceeded to bite the fucking thing full force and create a tooth indentation as well as bend his cross like 30 degrees . 
  we had to explain to him that gold is a soft metal and that when pirates bit gold coins , they did it to make sure their teeth marks did show up because that meant it was real gold . 
  he did not get a refund . 
  - one time , i had a lady who refused to understand that gold and diamonds were two different things and kept asking me `` but is it gold or diamonds ? '', 
  and i had to tell her `` it 's both because gold is a metal and diamonds are rocks '' . 
  this happened with at least 2 other customers afterwards . 
  - one time i had a lady try to return a ring she got in clearance ( non-refundable ) that she also had in layaway ( also non-refundable ) claiming she should get her refund because she was n't verbally told it was clearance ( doubt it ) even though literally her receipts and paperwork stated it in multiple locations & we had several signs up throughout the store about clearance and our policy regarding it . 
  bitch would n't leave until she spoke to the manager at another store and then ended up keeping it and leaving with a smile on her face . 
  such a waste of time . 
  - one time a guy yelled at me that the sign above a rack of boys pants was incorrect because he could n't figure out which pants were the ones in the ad and that we should have only those pants on that rack . 
  i explained to him that we have so much product , we ca n't dedicate an entire rack to 5 pairs of pants because we would n't have anywhere else to put the rest of the products . 
  he blatantly refused to understand this concept and kept yelling at me like it was my fault that corporate comes up with the way we advertise sales . 
  i told him to call corporate and tell them how he really feels . 
  i could honestly go on . 
  she 's still my bff from high school and she recently moved back here and is preparing to have a baby in a few months with her so . 
  pretty wholesome . 
  i guess it 's more a comfort snack , but aldi 's penguinz crackers are my go to `` i 'm gon na be fat and just stuff my face with this delicious food '' food snack . 
  `` fuck hashtags and retweets, 
  a hundred and forty character in these streets '', 
  boob sweat . 
  quite stupid . 
  and illiterate . 
  my leather jacket . 
  this is so crisp and beautiful . 
  it really draws you in and makes you feel like you 're there . 
  great job !, 
  this is gorgeous . 
  love the focus and blur aspect, 
  do n't tempt me to renew my membership ... 
  my reddit ss sent me samples from them for the coffee and tea exchange and has ruined me for any other teas , tbh . 
  it 's near luxembourg . 
  since i 'm currently sick : feverish sweats - feeling cold but also hot and sweaty . 
  also , not being able to breathe because you 're sinuses are plugged up and then , when you lay down and everything in there shifts to one nostril , having the other one burn from all that oxygen inhalation shooting straight through . 
  yes , hello . 
  when i cross the street as a pedestrian and when i 'm done , the car that was waiting for me speeds off . 
  fuck you too . 
  it 's so accurate that i tldr it . 
  i had a coworker who did this and always talked to me while doing so . 
  she sounded like a fucking cow . 
  i 'm about to switch to power mode  =[, 
  idk why it was canceled ; imdb says it was a mini series but the ending was a cliffhanger . 
  uhhh you looking for more sugar babies ? 
  a giant forum with a million subforums for every interest and beyond . 
  me too . 
  i pride myself on being able to tell you who that obscure person is and what else they 've played in . 
  tbh imagining this turns me on . 
  oh , my god . 
  i honestly do n't ever think about it . 
  this bothers me too lol . 
  i saw this in the nasa instagram yesterday and i think it 's awesome but also i am disturbed by the amount of craters on mimas . 
  oh , my god . 
  this episode was definitely one of the more beautiful ones . 
  reminds me to add the mucha tarot deck to my wishlist . 
  and yes , they do match well . 
  i like how the `` hufflepuff '' one is straight chillin . 
  typical . 
  they look like they 're on a mission . 
  bittersweet is probably the correct word here . 
  she kept him around as a buffer and a friend for her daughter , but by her body language when her daughter calls her upstairs into the attic , it does n't look like she visits him often , if ever . 
  and even though he 's an ai robot and probably does n't have actual feelings , i still feel bad for him that he just gets to stand around doing nothing in an attic for eternity . 
  what a life . 
  according to their imdb trivia page , it refers to the black screen of a tv or computer screen when it 's turned off . 
  imdb has it listed under 2017 , so hopefully this year . 
  nose dive was my favorite ep tbh . 
  i thought it was a sugar coated version of a lot of today 's society where people `` do it for the vine '' as it were or live for the instagram likes etc. 
  my mom said she 'd be like the truck driver lady in that society lol, 
  i 'm undecided , but i 'm definitely the kind of person , like the main character in this episode , that replays bad memories/embarrassing moments etc in my head and the nice thing about not having a technological implant is that my brain can naturally process these scenarios and then warp them/erase them/store them away so that i 'm not traumatized further . 
  having a grain would mean that i would definitely do what he did when he replays his interview and analyzes every tiny detail and i find that extremely damaging . 
  we 're made to have our brains naturally fuck with our memories , especially after we 've slept and reset ourselves for the next day . 
  being able to replay that shit over and over and really watch it in 3d and not just your minds eye would have grave consequences that i 'm not ready for . 
  but , on the other hand , i can definitely see the positive benefits and the cool aspect of having a grain . 
  ^ ^ this . 
  and also , irl , there 's an app that has n't yet launched called replika that essentially is supposed to be like a cookie and while it 's kinda creepy , the cool factor of new technology like this is often the quickest stepping stone for someone to say yes i want this . 
  that 's a good way of putting it . 
  i also think it was just disgustingly mind blowing that they made that into an entertainment thing ? 
  do n't get me wrong , if victoria really did commit those crimes then damn , karma 's a bitch , but also , how far is too far ? 
  that shit seems worse than waterboarding imo . 
  i think if the grain had like some kind of on/off switch for being able to replay bad memories like that , it would be more easily appealing . 
  i just laughed out loud . 
  thank you . 
  look up at the stars more bro . 
  meanwhile , i 've had at least one cavity 93 % of my dentist visits for the past 15 + years . 
  same . 
  that 's the worst part ( aside from her screaming ) - she thinks she 's innocent . 
  that 's what really disgusted me about this episode . 
  but at the same time i still feel like okay , she did do a horrible thing . 
  but at the same time i can go in circles . 
  i 'm annoyed for you that the administration made her stop . 
  it 's not like she was doing something lewd . 
  i have n't seen westworld :(, 
  we 're doing this at my store as well and i honestly do n't like it . 
  we have n't gotten rid of all our bins just yet , but i 've been told we 're transitioning into doing that . 
  our current set up is that all hardlines reshop goes into one 3-tier cart and one sales floor team member has reshop for the whole store for 1 hour each day and your reshop hour is broken out on the breakout board . 
  i think we still have our softlines bins so that 's just separate for the operator .
