  gender equality . 
  i believe i did n't even pick up my phone while watching it . 
  it was really good . 
  * i * do n't see it as out of the norm , but everyone i 've whipped out bananas & peanut/almond butter around think it 's weird that this is my go-to snack . 
  ( i also carry pb in my purse ) . 
  this year at my friend 's xmas party , the invite said `` please arrive at 7 , do n't be the dick that arrives at midnight and keeps everyone waiting '' ( it was a white elephant ) . 
  i arrived at 7 because that 's how i roll . 
  the next person to show up was around 8:30 and everyone else trickled in later until the last person showed up at 12:30 isham . 
  my hands are no where near the water . 
  how are you wiping your booty to achieve this effect ? 
  you sound like my malebff . 
  i always wipe with baby wipes after normal tp so i can feel clean 2 inches up my butt . 
  nearly 25 , also living at home . 
  when are you q-tipping your ears ? 
  i do mine right after i shower and it 's definitely not dry in there . 
  heat up a qrunch quinoa burger and fry an egg . 
  plop egg on top . 
  eat . 
  everytime i watch that bit , i always feel like i 'm being transported to another movie entirely . 
  and i know i 'm not the only person who wishes they could redo the movies in that style . 
  remote controls , * steering wheel * , refrigerator handle, 
  my double root canaled tooth is bothering me . 
  i 've discussed this before with other people - it 's not genuine synesthesia if it 's learned . 
  synesthesia is a naturally involuntary process . 
  to learn how to do it would n't really be synesthesia because you 'd have to think about it rather than your brain instantly being like `` yes , 7 is green '' . 
  it 'd be more like `` oh yeah , 7 is supposed to be green , now i can see it . '', 
  i 'll take you up on this !, 
  general reading , moon in gemini . 
  thanks !, 
   that really tickles my nipples . 
  read it as nipples , but thought pickle , then re-read it as both . 
  i really hope i never have a freudian slip with this one in the wrong situation . 
  i swear this was what the guy at meijer was doing tonight . 
  general cheeriness with confidence & eye contact . 
  i work retail and it 's so much easier to look someone in the eye and help them out with whatever when they 're not being weird or shy or closed off . 
  i went to the zoo by myself with my dslr and took pictures of flowers and treated myself to dippin ' dots and then i went to a local downtown area and went to my favorite shops . 
  first birthday i 've ever celebrated without a party . 
  i 've always made my bed and i ca n't understand people who do n't . 
  tidy bed , tidy life . 
  ticking off things i 've done on my calendar - check for exercising , x for oil-pulling , and soon an asterik for taking my vitamins . 
  really helps to keep me on track and makes me feel better overall . 
  the gecko . 
  stomachy-side , one leg out , the other bent up , one arm under the pillow , the other hugging my panda bear cause i still sleep with a stuffed animal , yolo . 
  i 've been really slacking with it in the past year , but i did it for about 2 years straight and did n't have any cavities !!!, 
  after having cavities just about every 6-12 months for nearly all of my life . 
  ( i had 1 on my past visit cause of slacking , boo ) sooooo , good !, 
  i recommended it to one of my former coworkers , who 's a smoker with receding gum lines ( measuring at 3 's , 4 's , and 5 's aka bad ) and she 'd been doing it for about 3 months before her next dentist appointment , and when she went , her 5 's were back up to 3 's and 4 's and so on . 
  oil pulling is amazing , i highly recommend it . 
  lotus seed pods . 
  * vomit *, 
  my boobs are fantastic handfuls . 
  curvature of my body - i got dat hourglass and i like it . 
  my hair . 
  although it 's often a hassle , i appreciate it 's thickness and fullness and all the damage i put it through . 
  i love my legs . 
  i 've been working out 6x a week for the past 5 months , and i 've really been able to see nice definition in my calves and thighs and it 's so gratifying . 
  i 'm known for being the 24 year old unicorn virgin . 
  i was gon na say this !, 
  this was hands down the most enjoyable star wars movie for me . 
  i went to see it twice in theaters , and i rarely go to see anything twice in theaters . 
  i 'm so excited for the next one . 
  lately, 
  1/2 cup nature 's path hertiage flakes & 1/4 cup original fiber one cereal with 1 tbsp peanut butter powder and soymilk, 
  chia seed pudding , flavor differs but i enjoy banana & peanut butter , with coconut flakes and blueberries, 
  5 ' 7 '' girl . 
  yes , but sometimes i wish i was maybe like 5 ' 9 '' . 
  idk how unknown it is since it * is * on netflix , but [ the chorus ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=64ijrlvel9a ) was a very lovely movie , 10/10 will always recommend . 
  hellboy ii : the golden army . 
  and * then * i saw hellboy years later . 
  i love both of the movies and i really wish they 'd make a third . 
  `` stuffs '', 
  i work retail - we have several devices at my store that we get to use to help us and guests out ( walkies , pdas , souped up apple ipods ) and when i have them all hanging around my beltline , i feel pretty badass . 
  all the harry potter books . 
  mary , bloody mary by carolyn meyer, 
  drown it . 
  i need those crabs . 
  heath ledger cause i 'd liked him long before he got big . 
  i thought he was a brilliant actor . 
  i have 2 scars on my left hand from when i was about 3 or 4 years old , separate occasions , trying to cut a watermelon , and then trying to cut a canteloupe . 
  not really funny other than i clearly did n't learn my lesson the first time around . 
  after you by jojo moyes, 
  i had a few people ask me what it 's about yesterday and i told them to go look it up cause it 's too difficult to explain easily . 
  i was visiting my home country of romania back in 2009 - ran into one of my dad 's best friends casually strolling down the street with his wife and kids as my uncle was picking me up to take me to my grandma 's . 
  it was small worldly cause we 'd just seen him a couple months previously here in the usa . 
  my week-long vacation right before my birthday . 
  garlic . 
  my lil bro 's nickname is pukey cause when he started cross-country training in high school , he 'd puke from pushing himself too hard . 
  what are the `` appropriate authorities '' for this ? 
  #youths !, 
  identical by ellen hopkins had me [ like ] ( https://media4.giphy.com/media/jjjnyc0upzy36/200_s.gif ), 
  just watch it now ? 
  you can literally watch all of these now though . 
  i 'm a white girl who orders pumpkin spice lattes . 
  i do n't wear uggs and north face jackets though because that shit is expensive and ugly . 
  i always feel like the cart attendant is the least appreciated in terms of verbal recognition , but , even though we do n't know each other , let me tell you that i have the utmost respect and heartfelt sympathy for everything the cart attendants have to do and all the weather they have to endure and the horrors that are the bathrooms . 
  you guys rock . 
   expects more . 
  pays less . 
  ftfy . 
  so are you asking about the hrtm or hr-etl ?
