  leather goods . 
  and fur . 
  i do n't have a picture of my merch to share with you guys today , however , i do have [ this awesome hallows print ] ( https://society6.com/product/the-hallows-e2m_print#1=45 ) that you can purchase to add to your collections at my society6 shop . 
  i do n't mind the sexual aspect of them , it 's just the fanfic idea in general that i ca n't seem to get behind . 
  and it 's probably a lot to do with the fact that i like the way the original author ( s ) of whatever series/book i read wrote the book , and anyone else 's style never matches . 
  cause they 're fucking stupid and also cause clickbait . 
  disney . 
  i need dis . 
  i will cheers to that with my triple shot of rum eggnog that i 'm guzzling down right now . 
  rub it in . 
  it 's company wide , but depending on how we feel , we 'll tell them no more than 6 at a time . 
  i think it 's stupid , personally . 
  this is a thing of beauty . 
  if all of this is held to be true as a legit symbolic parallel , i can understand why grrm takes 5 million years to write these books . 
  i 'm infamous for saying/doing embarrassing shit in regards to my love life . 
  examples :, 
  in sophmore year of high school , i wrote out and gave a guy i liked a ' 100 reasons why you should date me ' list . 
  did not work . 
  i have told a guy i could n't eat my food because he was blocking my dopamine receptors . 
  answer ? 
  silence . 
  in retrospect , the list is hilarious , embarrassing , and still sweet imo . 
  the second one deals with how the brain works when you 've got those ` love ' feelings for someone . 
  idk about you , but mine gets pretty hyped and i lose my appetite ( and usually about 10lbs for a period of time ) . 
  thank you , btw . 
  i mean , i do this when i got ta poop . 
  never expect to see results fast . 
  the best way to fail at losing weight is to set unrealistic time-frame goals that you will inevitably fail at and then feel like shit about not achieving . 
  recognize that losing weight is a journey that can take all kinds of winding roads where you will fail and start again numerous times . 
  keep your head up and move forward . 
  shake off the disappointments and missed goals and keep persevering . 
  [ i try to keep this in mind at all times . 
  ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/09/27/fc/0927fcc76515263148c1d20ffcaa5081.jpg ), 
  daily , i read [ astrotheme ] ( http://www.astrotheme.com/free_personalized_horoscope.php ) and [ astro ] ( http://www.astro.com ) and the dailyhoroscope app on android . 
  monthly , i read [ susan miller ] ( http://www.astrologyzone.com/forecasts/ ) and [ cafeastrology ] ( http://www.cafeastrology.com/monthlyhoroscopes.html ) . 
  mine always fall out when i 'm running . 
  starbucks . 
  apple . 
  north face . 
  oh god , so many good ones , so hard to choose . 
  movie : gulaab gang , blue is the warmest color , the chorus , nymphomaniac i & ii, 
  tv show : hj\u00f8rdis , borgia , house of cards , keeping up appearances, 
  personally love halestorm 's cover of slave to the grind . 
  always jamming out to it after a particularly hard day of work . 
  in 2009 , i went back to romania to visit for 3 weeks for my uncle 's wedding . 
  i 'd previously seen one of my dad 's close friends while he happened to be back here in america in the months prior . 
  but it just so happened that while i was in romania , as an uncle from my other side of the family was picking me up go to visit that side , i ran into my dad 's friend taking a stroll with his wife and kid . 
  i had no idea he was back in the homeland and i definitely did a couple double-takes before it registered that yes , i know this person on the street . 
  never saw it , but one of my friends and her ex-bf would pick each other 's noses . 
  oh god , the secondhand embarrassment is so strong . 
  i mean , i 'm always interested to know what kind of porn people ( my friends definitely included ) like to watch . 
  i do n't see what 's ew about this - i find it fascinating to get into the psyche of what turns people on . 
  i almost always imagine the sex lives of strangers . 
  especially while i 'm waiting in lines for checkout at stores . 
  burned by ellen hopkins . 
  so heartbreakingly good , you 'll finish it in one sitting . 
  worms in the titties . 
  ca n't look at lotus pod seeds the same way again . 
  my eyes every day in retail . 
  [ relatable classic secret on postsecret this week ( last one ) . 
  no , goddamnit . 
  this sounds like some gross harassment that belongs in like another country , in a different century . 
  well , i guess that 's understandable , as a view point from the other side . 
  when i do n't get a quick response ( or any response ) back from a person i know is on their phone all the time . 
  i recently discovered that deodorant should be applied before you go to bed to ensure you do n't stink the next day . 
  i 've been testing it out , and it does actually work better this way . 
  pee after masturbation too . 
  always . 
  true . 
  that fact that i 've even had to think about trump and his idiocy is infuriating when there are far more important issues to address , that 's how i feel about it . 
  those baby doll bottles that appear full upright and when you turn them upside down to feed , the ` milk ' disappears . 
  i realize now that they 're double walled , but still . 
  excuse me , but i need this . 
  seriously . 
  omg okay . 
  vacuums ( dyson ) , vehicles , violins and violas, 
  the scent of irish spring soap instantly reminds me of a guy in my past - aaaaaaand the time i slept in his hoodie . 
  literally after se3ep1 is where i stopped watching . 
  hey , i have a degree and i 'm still struggling with this . 
  i love how amused he looks . 
  rival sons & steel panther, 
  the chances of getting hit on by creepy guys is greatly reduced . 
  but so 's the chances of getting hit on by not creepy guys . 
  innocent me always like to think that these are incidents of just making out , not the piddily-diddily . 
  i 'm pretty sure it was explained somewhere ( i think in the books ? 
  by dumbledore ) that he chose ` meaningful ' objects belonging to the founders of hogwarts definitely due to vanity , but also because hogwarts was the first place that felt like home for him , so he had a strong connection to it and its history . 
  he was n't going to just make an old shoe a horcrux , like a portkey . 
  i do , however , think he maybe could have hidden them better . 
  are we talking irl or hpl ? 
  cause irl , i say definitely . 
  but hpl , i feel like once the sorting hat sorts you , you 're team-whatever 4lyfe , even if you may have a partial allegiance to another house . 
  i 've always oscillated between slytherin and gryffindor in my mind - i love the slytherin colors and all the gothic inspired darkness etc , but i love the warmth of gryffindor and daring etc. 
  but , as it turns out , i always end up getting sorted into ravenclaw , which has grown on me considerably . 
  minus the cave - that was quite elaborate . 
  yes . 
  feels like a slip and slide . 
  hello new lockscreen . 
  eta : you should totally do all the other common rooms too . 
  were they first editions ? 
  i could do this with non-first editions , but my heart would break otherwise .
