  how do you have a hair stuck in your mouth for a day or two ?????? 
  wtf, 
  i 'm cringing from the biohazard this situation presents . 
  i 'll pray for both of us . 
  i need these, 
  how exciting !, 
  thank you . 
  you were spot on . 
  i thought melisandre mentions azor ahai in the show . 
  why did you decline the use of those photos in the lawsuit ? 
  [ choceur coconut crunch white chocolate ] ( http://www.exotic-chocolates.com/images/choceur-coconut.jpg ) and i 'm not even a huge fan of white chocolate but this shit is so good . 
  i just polished off the rest of a bag last night . 
  does n't your tongue feel like ... spicy/prickly after so many ? 
  oh my jesus yes . 
  do n't tempt me . 
  your tongue is a champ , i 'm impressed . 
  aaaaah , well that makes sense then . 
  this is * beyond * revolting . 
  i hope she found peace in her death . 
  i pronounce the l in salmon and i refuse to change that . 
  also , one time i was trying to tell my friend i like this guy who 's last name was leonard , but i pronounced it lee-o-nard and she was like `` do you mean leh-nerd ? '', 
  yes . 
  yes i did . 
  meanwhile , the siobhan i knew pronounced it sh-bawn . 
  crow-sent . 
  that 's a new one . 
  i ca n't stand that . 
  like when i hear people say lie-berry for library . 
  where are your r 's ??? 
  marry me . 
  she probably did , but i meant peace in her death as in being dead , not the act of dying . 
  i 'm sure that was n't peaceful . 
  i * will * be 25 this year and i * am * a cute european girl , but i do n't live in europe anymore . 
  i 'm a cute almost-25 european girl who 's heteroflexible sooooooooooo, 
  hahaha my parents won a specialty lottery that allowed us to move to the us . 
  that makes sense . 
  do you say it like `` gud fer yeeewwww '' cause that 's how we say it , with a fake smile . 
  hahahaha idk if that dog is supposed to be sirius . 
  `` you ca n't drive through canada to get to alaska ! '', 
  yes . 
  yes you can . 
  and `` australia 's only a country , not a continent . '', 
  people are dumb when it comes to geography . 
  thought of another one :, 
  one of my mom 's coworkers did n't know how to cook because she 'd grown up with her parents all her life and they coddled her etc etc. 
  after they died , she had to fend for herself . 
  anyway , she was asking coworkers how to cook chicken and they told her recipes and whatnot and told her to stick it in the oven ( you know , as one says ` stick it in the over and you 're done ' type of thing ), 
  she follows directions , comes back the next day and tells her coworkers that her chicken did n't turn out right because it was still raw . 
  and they asked her how long she 'd kept it in the over for and she said `` all night ! '', 
  and they were like what ???? 
  finally , someone realized they should ask her if she turned on the oven . 
  she had n't . 
  she `` did n't know she had to do that . '', 
  honestly any of those 100 calorie pack things . 
  it 's still processed , it still contains all kinds of stuff that may not be conducive to your diet . 
  have a sit down and do some internal work to figure out what makes you happy and work toward figuring out how to implement that into your daily life . 
  find a goal or whatever it may be , that makes you * excited * to get to work on it and achieve it . 
  pumpkin pie . 
  my mouth just started watering . 
  i just ate raw garlic . 
  i 've never had a problem with stinky urine from asparagus . 
  now arugula on the other hand . 
  straight up makes it smell like weed . 
  the fast and the furious, 
  america 's murder capital . 
  seattle, 
  romania ? 
  nearly a quarter of a century . 
  sweden . 
  i suppose if i really think about it , a lot of my self readings are like this . 
  but i feel like they describe the situation as well as offer some advice on what i need to do to overcome my problems . 
  that was originally my first guess but then i was like well , maybe denmark . 
  yeah , that 's where i found it . 
  i found the magazine on the japanese amazon , but i 'm not sure if they have that issue for sale . 
  i 'll have to double check . 
  i 'd be an astronaut and/or astronomer . 
  [ beauty part iii by carvens lissaint ] ( https://youtu.be/6n7cetu3ymq?list=pl21a7e7899e6bed94 ), 
  i own 2 original prints by the artist/author , robert m. place , and when i saw this deck at the store i got the prints , there was no way i could leave it there . 
  the art is incredibly beautiful . 
  thought you guys might enjoy it as well . 
  in case anyone is interested in purchasing any of his decks , [ you can do so here . 
  ] ( http://alchemicaltarot.com/ ), 
  we used to have a loophole where you did n't have to buy your books from school , so i 'd rent mine from ebay for the semester for like 1/8th of the price and use the stipend i 'd get from not buying books from the school on whatever i wanted . 
  and then they caught on and started incorporating the cost of our books into our tuition . 
  in case of panic attack , reassure constantly, 
  glad it 's not of his own choosing o_o, 
  i find anybody who would rather delegate tasks they could easily accomplish in seconds to those `` below '' them is a pretentious asshole . 
  you could 've picked that up off the ground , why are you calling me away from my duties 20 minutes later to tell me it 's still on the ground bitch ? 
  you got arms too , damn . 
  preaaaach . 
  fashion design major here - my stem friends constantly made ( make ) fun of me for my choice of career and i know they 're joking , but it 's still so pretentious and assholey , it makes me feel bad about it when i already feel bad about the lack of opportunity in this field . 
  i would n't call myself a huge fan , but i love me some keeping up with the kardashians . 
  the only time i 'll eat hershey 's is in smores . 
  swiftly . 
  guillotine , one slash of a sword to decapitation town , you know . 
  normal stuff . 
  aldi 's savoritz penguins crackers . 
  so ... who set up the cameras ? 
  what a pure little soul . 
  this breaks my heart .
