  i thought it was a photo for a second . 
  i listen-watch to a lot of stuff . 
  i generally listen-watch long running comedy shows ( friends , fraser ) and stand-up comedy that i 've already seen is good for that too . 
  i remember getting second place at the spelling contest borders had going on , when i spelled leprechaun as leperchaun . 
  the shame . 
  but also , i remember being in the car after getting the book and freaking out , shedding some tears because this was the final book omg . 
  i would n't read anything but the jacket until i got home . 
  i still get the feels . 
  time to step up my embroidery game . 
  this is goooorgeous !, 
  i had the exact thought process during every rewatch of that scene . 
  it 's definitely noticeable that she says my lord and after having that lesson with tywin , i do think it was intentional . 
  [ same . 
  ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/3o7btyrcgpdrq0yty8/giphy.gif ), 
  * barf noises *, 
  god bless the internet . 
  am i the only one who had flashbacks of the hobbit during that whole part ? 
  the only song i requested at the piano bar on my cruise the other week . 
  personally , i do n't think so , unless you 're carrying a large bag etc , and the reason i do n't think so is because i am the kind of person who does this all the time . 
  i 'll spend like 2 hours in a store with several things in my hands wandering around deciding whether they 're needs or wants and inevitably end up putting back most , if not all , of what i have in my hands , i do n't automatically assume someone is stealing because i know what i 'm personally like as a shopper . 
  i spent a month or so catching up and got to the underworld storyline and i just ... ca n't ... finish it . 
  and now they 're starting it all over with fresh characters but the same concept ? 
  if i want to explain : i have synesthesia . 
  if i do n't want to explain : i can point out at least 4 constellations and the pleiades . 
  hypnosis did help me feel less afraid of speaking in public . 
  but so did working in retail and having to go out of my way to say hello to people , in conjunction . 
  [ scream with me - mudvayne ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7q2bnqe0xyk ), 
  guest : `` do you work here ? '', 
  me : `` no . 
  i just wear red and khaki and a namebadge for fun . '', 
  [ bitch ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/xrhc1gdorei1q/giphy.gif ) ... 
  this is really gorgeous . 
  does she have other examples of work ? 
  definitely towards the top because she was pretty goddamn stupid `` in love '' ( with her cucanella ) with baelish to notice how well he was using her for his own ends . 
  also towards the top , for sure . 
  absogoddamnlutely . 
  `` she 's just like her mother , she 'll never love you . '', 
  the one accurate and sane thing lysa said tho . 
  i assumed that wardrobe and hair change was voluntary on their part . 
  king 's landing is known for following suit after whoever 's on the throne in term of style of clothing and hair . 
  when sansa was there she wore her hair like cersei 's / a southerner because she was in the south . 
  i feel like now that cersei 's declared herself queen , legions of sheep girls will imitate her style . 
  maybe . 
  unless i 'm just wrong and she was like listen bitches , this is how we gon na dress from now on . 
  everything feels too sped up . 
  i like savoring the time spent on semantics and whatnot . 
  i absolutely believe in the power of a great personality . 
  i 've often found that someone who 's okay looking is way hotter if they have an interesting and captivating persona . 
  give this dude a chance at least . 
  average , 3-6 . 
  but i 've had days where i 've been inundated with messages , and as someone said , out of all of them , there 's usually like one , maybe two , that are even worth responding to . 
  ... marry me . 
  stick them in your cooter and experience non-semen cum shooting in there . 
  obvs . 
  relatedly , pretending you do n't know minute details of someone 's life when you totally do cause you 've dug 5 years deep into their social media life . 
  i was gon na say , working in the retail industry - faking empathy . 
  i 'd like to say i 'm pretty well versed in pretending i care about your shit . 
  i do n't . 
  that emotional labor is real y' all . 
  so accurate . 
  it 's absolutely emotionally exhausting . 
  probably why i prefer holing myself up after work instead of being social . 
  hey , thanks . 
  that 's what i was gon na say , although it was more cause i attended a commuter college and we did n't really throw parties like that . 
  he needs to get a part time job in retail for like , a couple months , so he can fully grasp the bullshit we got ta deal with . 
  unpopular opinion : reading hagrid chapters . 
  her and me ... 
  do you listen to dave and chuck the freak by chance ? 
  y' all got too much time on your hands . 
  relatedly , one of my bffs and i had a two hour argument once about how math is the basis of all things ( she argued science is ) and i drove home that science can be broken down into math etc while she tried to tell me not the soft sciences to which i said those are based off hard sciences which are based on math . 
  anyway , your math bulletpoint reminded me that i often think about this concept and how * literally * everything can be broken down mathematically . 
  how 's she goin !!, 
  that comic was actually used in the argument haha . 
  just had a conversation about this with my friend where we both considered life outside work as `` real life '' . 
  you 're not alone . 
  emotional labor is real y' all . 
  we cycled through 6 in a year a couple years ago . 
  that number is higher now . 
  yes , and also , tbh , i find the original one hotter . 
  where is your gold sir, 
  it 's not only that , but it 's also the being able to actively participate in such an active community and get everyone else 's reactions and thoughts on what 's going on . 
  like the hold on to the walls and make birthing sounds poops . 
  i can see it . 
  although i do wonder if he would 've been cast as rhaegar just cause i feel like got like to cast unknowns more often than big stars and i think he would 've been really big at this point . 
  i am in love . 
  tbh though , robert did pay for gendry 's smithing schooling and made sure he was well taken care of in flea bottom . 
  he did n't exactly leave him to rot . 
  they probably decided they needed a clear head to deal with their newfound positions and power . 
  ca n't be a drunkard and rule/attend to the ruling . 
  i love how childish he looks when he pulls that sword out his belt . 
  you can see the naivety . 
  i will say that second part is very bittersweet for me . 
  i do pretty much everything couples do together , by myself . 
  i go to movies by myself ( which i do n't mind because it 's just easier in many ways ) i go to the zoo , i go out to eat by myself on occasion , etc. 
  i 'm usually okay with it . 
  the part that sucks about it all is having to witness all these couples around me doing all these things together and it really tugs at my heartstrings and makes me wish i had that significant other to share these experiences with . 
  tbh the hookup culture ruins so much . 
  some of us do n't want to just snick snack paddy whack for one night . 
  shit . 
  this is a good analysis .
