  there are definitely cultural attitudes within the refugee cohort from the middle east which basically treats unaccompanied women as fair game . 
  unaccompanied , non-muslim and short skirt wearing european women have no chance . 
  not bigoted to call out these cultural ideas as barbaric and wrong . 
   but he actually does nothing about the problem ... you expect him too start up a nightclub ? 
  i do n't know about the german situation but we 've had plenty of obfuscation of issues brought about by mass immigration and multiculturalism in the uk . 
  i 'm sure there is some overlap with the german situation . 
  the most prominent of course being the mass rape of children in rotherham by males of pakistani muslim origin . 
  it was pretty much common knowledge amongst police officers and child protection services for a decade but it still continued . 
  way back in 2004 channel four ( actually a left-leaning channel ) was basically forced into shelving a documentary exposing grooming of white girls by pakistani-muslim men in another northern town - bradford , because it was feared it would validate the bnp . 
  there has been a `` fight back '' of sorts and there is a bit more honesty when dealing with these issues but we 're still a long way away from agreeing on problems and sorting out a solution . 
  so it appears they 're staying in germany !, 
   i remember years ago when this was being done by gangs of ` youths ' in council estates in britain . 
  uhmm when was this ? 
  youths from council estates used to turn up in massive groups and grope women all night ? 
  this is really the important point . 
  who cares about sexaul assault and alleged rape ? 
  the real issue is avoiding any negative perception of refugees . 
   south korea is a terrible example for what you 're trying to say . 
  it was almost drowned in us money due to cold war rivalry . 
  parts of africa have been drowning in western money for decades as well though . 
  you do n't have to be a red piller to point out shit like that bro, 
  that 's the spirit , we can have beautiful canals like in venice, 
  i 'm looking forward to warmer winters tbh . 
  yeah i suspect finnish tv is picking out the best of british telly . 
  hell will freeze over when eastenders is exported around the world !, 
  although i am surprised michael ` choo-choo ' portillo has been picked out ... yes it is very good but a posh brit abroad appeal seems limited to me !, 
  a lot of trash on british tv tbh . 
  bbc1 in the evening starts with pointless , a quiz format which has gotten quite stale . 
  the `` one show '' some light hearted look at current events stuff which is going on in general in britain , really dull shite . 
  then eastenders is on which is just a soap about miserable losers in a small part of east london . 
  after that you usually get some kind of `` drama '' which most of the time is some detective story which seems to be extremely popular over here . 
  depending on the time of week you might get a comedy ... the bbc have lately been pushing their `` muslim comedian '' thing a lot . 
  yeah i know . 
  on the weekend they broadcast `` strictly come dancing '' which is where some celebrities learn a dance during the week and then are judged , i think the audience votes on who leaves . 
  it 's rubbish . 
  bbc2 ... have n't seen much of this recently . 
  they 've been showing michael portillo travelling across countries on a train which is surprisingly quite good . 
  mastermind/egg heads/university challenge are on quite a lot ... they 're quite difficult quiz programs with zero charm or personality . 
  sometimes there is a rick stein program on about foreign food which i quite like . 
  itv , like bbc1 is mostly trashy or boring . 
  the only program i watch on itv is the chase a quiz program . 
  they 've done quite well with downton abbey ... which whilst i have n't followed it the few episodes i 've seen are quite good . 
  channel 4 . 
  they do the best news program on british telly albeit it does have a slight left leading bias . 
  hollyoaks ... shite ... simpsons ... depending on its age amazing/shite ... the best thing about channel 4 recently has been peep show which is fantastic . 
  they do have their `` dispatches '' series which most of the time is tabloidy `` investigative journalism '' but every now and again they make a really good one . 
  8/10 cats is quite good ( comedy ) . 
  channel 5 ... have n't watched anything on this for years . 
  i even think the people who run the channel have just given up . 
  all in all , for 24 hour , 7 day a week channels there is unsurprisingly a lot of rubbish but every now and again there are is some high quality broadcasting . 
  i really do think the bbc is vastly overrated though ... 
   you ca n't have a common market without market regulation/authorities and laws why ? 
  it may be more inefficient if you have to deal with 28 different standards for some boring technical safety detail when it comes to selling cars around the eu but it could still function . 
   it really is just london . 
  it 's not ... london is the worst place for first time buyers but where i live in the south is pretty bad too and it 's not even a commuter area . 
  it was considerably more affordable 20 years ago even when accounting for wages . 
  georgia is `` european '' now ? 
  lol no sorry ... not this caucuses hilly mountain race . 
  thats a beautiful bit of english there, 
   the closest there is to a `` list '' is the index at the end , but it 's just a normal index which tells you in which pages someone or something is referenced , which is quite normal and useful for a 180 pages report . 
  from page 56 they go through multiple countries detailing their anti-islamic organisations and their most `` prominent '' anti-islamic/muslim/islamist activists in that country , with a clear picture , a short bit of information and their name . 
  it does n't even declare the criteria they 're using which gets you into the list and in many cases there is literally nothing in their description which suggests any wrongdoing . 
  for example stephen c coughlin 's profile on page 148 basically details some ex-spook who now writes academically on the doctrine of jihad and works for those `` think tanks '' . 
  that 's good enough to be included in this report apparently . 
  if you were some jihadi who raged against the likes of robert spencer and geert wildeers , hope not hate have now published another load of targets for you . 
  although the bigger impact will be to the reputation of the people included in this report which has conflated basically serious academic thinkers wrt islam and genuine bigots . 
  maajid nails it here :  the irresponsibility of this conflation is self-evident . 
  by being included on the same list as genuine anti-muslim bigots , any muslim , and any other intellectual for that matter , who wishes to hold a serious and genuine conversation about islam and its place in today 's age , is smeared by association , and is intimidated from expressing themselves from fear of being labelled an racist or bigot . 
  i did n't think much of hope not hate in the past and this has just condemned them further in my view . 
  `` absolutely useless in field conditions '' is definitely an overstatement . 
   during wwii soviet women were well known for being excellent snipers , flew bombers and fighters , etc. 
  as he said `` in field '' i 'm not so sure he 's referring to pilots . 
  i do n't think people have pilots in mind when they 're discussing women in the military . 
  a typical british soldier in afghanistan would have to leave base with 50kg of kit , travel for hours on foot and be prepared to engage in a fire fight with the taliban . 
  how many men could do that day in , day out ? 
  when you ask the same of women the number must be even smaller . 
  i reckon only a handful of women can make it on the frontline . 
  the real freaks who can keep up with men . 
   the peshmerga have plenty of women fighting daesh today . 
  does n't mean that 's the logical or most effective way of doing things though . 
  just that it is happening . 
  fingers crossed the us get their man one day . 
  pretty dumb idea tbh . 
  most children are quite competitive , remove that instinct and the games feel like they 're meaningless . 
  they 'll have less fun i can guarantee it . 
  nah they 're pretty common . 
  you send your children to a local coe school for example and nobody thinks anything of it . 
  i went to a coe school at the primary level and on reflection we did sing some religious hymns ( among secular ones ) in the daily assemblies , occasionally we would all say the lord 's prayer . 
  that was about it !, 
   but gender equality is n't up for debate in 21st century europe . 
  why not ? 
  nothing should be unquestionable . 
  seperate prisons for muslim prisoners but we 'll call them `` camps '', 
  can you swedes do anything right, 
  embarrassing ... 
  you should bring a big stabby thing to work man, 
   the blame for his win has been mostly placed on left-wing entryists nobody has claimed that since the results ( the ones you posted ) became known . 
  yes , the labour voters sunk another nail in the coffin :p, 
  yeah it 's a stupid reaction tbh . 
  islam inspired terrorists commit terrorist attacks in paris ... `` lets crackdown on church of england schools !,
