  prices are so high and that means the fee for a deposit is very difficult to save for . 
  i suspect most people will have to rely on their property owning parents to give them a hand-up but if your parents do n't own property , you 're just stuffed . 
  people in very well paying jobs will do alright but the middle and the bottom will suffer more than the middle and bottom did even 20 years ago . 
  ... and still it almost lost scotland in 2014 . 
  it lost a big chunk of ireland a century ago as well . 
  has n't shown to be a very stable model tbh . 
  denmark has shown itself to be a beacon of common sense in the past few years . 
  they 're not as great as orban 's hungary but they 're not far behind . 
   as far as i 'm aware football is big part of cultural influence and fc barcelona has the most influence right now . 
  it 's the most successful club in europe over the past 10 years ... four european cups in that time frame i think ? 
  which has coincided neatly with european football being broadcast/streamed across the third world . 
  so far it does n't look like a migrant-pull . 
  106k euro compensation is obscene tho, 
  dont get upset, 
  yeah, 
   it is much easier and non-controversial for the uk to take a position like norway or switzerland . 
  what already exists is obviously precedented and thus more easily achieved . 
  we are far more important than those piddly countries . 
  the uk will get an amazing deal in contrast to them . 
  dont excuse them m8, 
  ireland obviously, 
  whatever you do , do n't join the eu . 
  up to a reasonable level aye . 
  special guards ? 
  also cost is a non argument we are talking justice here . 
  jesus eritrea , try harder ffs, 
  they are euphiles and traiterous bremainers . 
  to your 2nd point looking at the figures the eu without britain will slip behind america and be the 2nd largest economy . 
  what is unclear ? 
  without britain , the eu will cease to be the largest economic bloc on earth which is a fact i see the neo-napoleons bragging about all the time . 
  check mate . 
  i see [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12wqvfpulqw ) one quite a lot . 
  obviously it 's shortened a tad for telly . 
  ... we need a wall, 
  so legally your still a refugee even after moving through several safe havens ? 
  thats dumb, 
  ca n't fool us again bro . . `` oh yeah just building up the armed forces to . . err prevent war !!! '' . 
  not falling for that again . 
  i agree , of the eu leadership had some balls they should have just said `` no '' and it would have strengthened the cause to leave . 
  now dc is gon na play this as a victory and the mugs are gon na vote to stay in . 
  yup i will let you get back to your apologetics , got ta defend their reputations, 
  dont think you would be any good at interrogations mr apologist . 
  not even denying eh, 
  that 's quite the orwellian comment m9, 
  no no no you have to be sent out to work to make a profit for mr moneybagz . 
  your child raised by strangers , whilst you and your husband will be too tired after a full days work to give your child proper care and attention when you get home . 
  sounds like a dystopia to me but it is the norm view in the west . 
   like encourage people to learn at least one slavic language     nope . 
  lol, 
  would like to see a feasible future issue as an example where britain is worse off by not having eu benefits . 
  my imaginations not very good , can you help me ? 
   and politically weaker hang on a minute , at present we 're literally implementing legislation decided in brussels/strasbourg and have been for years . 
  if we left the eu , all that decision making and power returns to our parliament . 
  that means we can actually forward our interests rather than the interests of britain + the interests of 27 fellow member states . 
  the british people and it 's institutions would gain political power . 
   i think that southern england is more like america than anywhere in europe , but it is still pretty distant to america . 
  how so ? 
   lost 45kg jesus christ ... well played m8, 
  worth a trip on holiday ? 
  saw a documentary on british islamists the other day . 
  at one point they got into a fight with kurdish nationalists and later almost escalated an argument into a fight when they were provoking pakistani muslims by goading them with criticisms of pakistan . 
  great idea letting all these people living here . 
  i do n't think britain had both radical islam and kurdish and pakistani nationalists in the country 50 years ago . . but we do now !, 
  progress . 
   or something along the lines of `` let 's resist '' or `` let 's protest '' . 
  they should lock 'em up and throw away the key !, 
  yup the political class in britain is happy to mug us off . 
  all the major parties in '05 and 10 promised a referendum on the eu ( cast iron dave ) , it 's taken till 2017 for one to finally take place . 
  the westminster bubble has its blind spots . 
   you are right , but a shake up is necessary . 
  i do n't mean they should win , but a high vote percentage would be a very necessary wake up call , before they can actually win or this illegal immigration madness totally derails . 
  this criminal act is literally tearing eu apart . 
  that 's what happened in britain i reckon . 
  bnp got many votes in the 2009 eu elections . 
  lots and lots of discussion with respect to that . 
  suddenly , labour adopts a points-based system for non-eu potential migrants . 
  tories promise immigration in the 10,000 s if they win the election . 
  those votes did n't stay with them mind , by 2015 they all went to ukip . 
  ronnie pickering, 
  horrifying , i reckon if the protest was led by the edl on an entirely different topic the police would n't be anywhere near as lenient . 
   when you add a spoonful of ... eh ... say , fish oil , to a bucket of jam , there is no jam anymore , it is ... eh ... fish oil all over . 
  aka the `` shit sandwich '' . . no matter how much bread you get ... 
  cameron is a scottish name ... 
  i did warn you, 
  dont embarrass yourself m8, 
  intergration has failed . 
  better to eliminate the problem by just kicking them out . 
  they bring more grief than good . 
  would be interesting to see the distribution of sexual incidences around the population . 
  i might get lucky once a year whist a friend of mine just goes up to girls , smiles , says hello and the deal is done . 
  he is very good looking . 
  birmingham is often forgotten in the uk . 
  if you had to name the 2nd city after london you 'll probably get manchester followed by glasgow . 
  even liverpool will probably sneak ahead of birmingham . 
  brummies need to buck their ideas up tbh ... 
   indeed , and the west happily buys it . 
  the same west which ridded the me/na of saddam and gudaffi ? 
  and is now doing the same agajnst assad ? 
  the west doesnt like strong arm secular dictators in that part of the world, 
   primarily caused by members of a specific race/culture/mindset then that race/culture/mindset is to blame is xenophobia/racism dunno why you 're bandying up race with culture + `` mindset '' .
