nooooooooooooooooooooooooooo, 
  lol ... you guys will be back in the union within the century . . , 
  the british answer is trolling me, 
   it 's claim is that , deep down , the afd people look down on other types of families ( divorced , only one child , both parents working , or * gasp * one of the parents not being ethnically german ) . 
  ahh so the headline is assuming they know the true feelings in the heart of all `` afd '' people ? 
  why do n't they deal with the facts rather than make these assumptions ? 
  there is no such thing as european values . 
   , found out that majority of soon to be terrorists are hateful , frustrated and failed sociopaths . 
  so what if these guys are failures or losers ? 
  always see this line used when discussing terrorists . 
  what has this guy done which has enraged so many ? 
  looking at his wikipedia he does seem to be quite ... outlandish in his proposals but they are not rage inducing . 
  what makes bucharest an it hub ? 
  you fellas been investing heavily in computer science ? 
  you can clean my toilet m8, 
  jog on ira, 
   on a political level , being european to me means to have the concept of liberty , democracy , rule of law and the open society in every cell of my body , and that i abhor the totalitarian political ideology of islamism as the ultimate alien . 
  you can thank britain for those things , most of europe has been pulling in different directions to that for centuries . 
  not us . 
  even where you point out where you think we should stay , it 's quite difficult to forget the meat of your post where you outline the brexit position m8 . 
  thanks for the coverage , 
  nice to see an elegant rebuttal from a german advocating the brexit side ... seems to me , the pro-eu side has been dominating this sub reddit for the past few weeks , so it 's refreshing to see such arguments . 
  no i did n't say that , i said the germans `` could '' so something similiar . 
  if there is a desire to protect the reputation of a certain group and a desire to prevent the tiny `` far right '' groupings gaining popularity then the authorities will throw white girls at these groups to maintain that facade . 
  we 've seen it britain , it could happen in europe . 
  lets not rule anything out . 
   however , it was just one city . 
  not really , there was also evidence of the exact same type of crimes and reluctance by authorities to deal with it in oxford , telford , luton , rochdale , manchester etc etc etc. 
  basically wherever pakistani muslims live in significant numbers in the uk . 
   my main point would be that those claiming refugees are creating a large increase in crime and especially sexual assaults , then there needs to be evidence . 
  i think the limiting factor is that the authorities take statistics over the course of the year and then publish them at a certain point . 
  so we 're going to have to wait to see what that is . 
  i 'm just pointing out , if the authorities are determined they can hide what 's really happening - they will , and it can last for years as shown in britain . 
  and as germany , like sweden , is afflicted with this kind of `` let everybody in , the negative consequences are worth it '' attitude i can see the figures being `` altered '' . 
  there was over a decade long cover up in rotherham , uk , i 'm sure the germans could do something similar . 
  why, 
  too many to pick from britain , the bbc , aston martin , rolls royce and cadburys to name a few ( i know , i know cadbury 's has been poisoned by kraftfoods ), 
  yeah he 's a very brave man, 
  i was expecting to see some huge turks in suits hitting people . 
  remember when peter tatchell got battered by mugabe 's security guards ? 
  horrible . 
  i knew it was going to be murray when i saw the thread . 
  the man 's a patriot . 
  he even can not advertise events he is attendijg now ... too dangerous for him . 
  agreed, 
  yeah to me it appears to be quite logically flawed . 
  it simply does not account for supremacism of non-white groups take [ korea ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/korean_ethnic_nationalism ) ... 
   yeah i did and it involved support of jews , putting troops on their holy land which was at the request of their government and establishing a world wide islamic state . 
  were n't those some of al queda 's demands ? 
  honestly , they seem far more reasonable in contrast to isis which is effectively : `` convert or die '' . 
  it 's the agreed academic definition of the word . 
  according to the sociologists of the world , white people can not be racist because they have `` power '' and have a history of `` oppressing '' non-white people . 
  the norfolk of ice . 
  aye they seem to be oblivious to the potential abuse of such a system . 
  all it takes is a bit of cooperation between a shady government dealer and an unscrupulous judge and suddenly innocents are being hounded , it 's not as if our system does n't do that already . 
  take the former leader of the edl , tommy robinson , he 's been established to be an enemy of the current order so the police have been on his back for years , getting warrants to search his house and the like . 
  eventually they get him locked up on some minor mortgage fraud technicality . 
  if you stick your neck out and say uncomfortable things they will come down on you like a ton of bricks . 
  you permit these laws banning speech and you will just get more abuse . 
  if you get radicalised for running around and shouting that , then you 're already poised to become radicalised anyway . 
  if a moderate muslim heard that , they would just ignore it and carry on . 
  not think to themselves `` lets join that death cult in syria !, 
  it 's typical of my countryman . 
  they have this belief that the state is fully trustworthy and you can trust your `` betters '' to do the right thing . 
  it 's disgusting really . 
   fuck that !, 
  they 're fucking isis fighters . 
  put them on trail and imprison them for life so they ca n't do any more harm to anyone . 
  one step away ... just one step ... just put a bullet in 'em, 
  that 's a `` third wheel '' in english, 
  you have seen hot fuzz m8 ? 
  crusty jugglers ... 
  are we just inventing extra languages for britain now ? 
  project fear is moving into top gear, 
  similar thing happened in britain last year . 
  a film crew went to southampton to make a film called `` immigration street '' . 
  after 15 minutes of actually covering the subject matter , the documentary basically switched to 45 minutes of the challenges they faced just trying to film it . 
  there was intimidation , threats and violence against the producers , journalists and cameraman . 
  ironically the local feeling was that they were going to be negatively portrayed ... but they did it all themselves lol, 
   what happened to us ? 
  we 're losing decades of culture being cheap arrogant asshole tourists and nobody 's doing anything about it . 
  i 've actually had good experiences with le french tourists . . here and abroad, 
  typical americans, 
   ) i really prefer it if the streets where i live are well lit . 
  definitely and this reminds me of a personal axe to grind . . there is a reasonably used street near me which requires public lighting . 
  there are lights at every interval on this road but they 're useless . 
  they light up a tiny fragment of the street and they have a tiny effect . 
  they barely reach down to the street . 
  it has to be the worse use of public money i 've ever seen . 
  yeah i assumed that would be the reason . 
  i 'm guessing nationalist/unionist leanings are still firmly split by catholic/protestant lines ? 
  i do hope that the generation born after 1990 transcends the old divide and each community can live in harmony with one another . 
   the ` northern ireland flag ' is not actually the northern ireland flag ; it has n't been official since 1973 . 
  it 's just nothing has replaced it as the topic is to divisive . 
  do you really need it to be approved by the state to be your flag ? 
  come on m8 ... but good knowledge anyway . 
   i think you might be out of luck , you definitely need one grandparent to be an irish citizen , though that is anywhere on the island , north or south i think . 
  fingers crossed i can produce one somewhere . 
  i wish my unmistakably irish surname would suffice :(, 
  what is the common understanding of how the war started in russia ?
