  is there any anger at britain for not doing more on the field pre ' 44 ? 
  kinda left you guys to it ... 
  is n't it obvious that leaving iraq was premature and that obama 's decision was more to do with political gain over strategic sense ? 
  he is the president under which isis has blossomed , we should n't forget that ... 
  there is a norn ireland flair available if that 's what you mean . 
   i still have my irish passport :p i 've done some research and i have a slight chance of that . 
  have n't figured out one of my grandparents exact origins but ireland is a strong possibility . 
  i definitely have an irish background but you require at least one grandparent to be an irish citizen darn it ... also have a minor chance of acquiring german citizenship . . so i can gain the benefits of brexit and those of a private citizen in the eu mwhahahahahaha, 
  gon na have to confiscate your flair on the way out m8 ... 
   joining was the best thing that happened to my country in the last 100 years . 
  i suppose it 's quite a low bar ... polish history from 1916 would be a horror film, 
   there wo n't be a swift `` free trade '' deal with the eu . 
  why not ? 
   there 'd be a trade deal where we 'd have to uphold all the basic eu trade regulations * to avoid us becoming a middle man trader with parties that are n't on the eu 's christmas card list . 
  sure , whenever british firms export to non-eu countries we have to abide by their standards and regulations . 
  so in the event of brexit nothing will change much on that front , for the meantime , as our firms are already abiding by eu laws . 
   we have hundreds of different types of out who are all making mutually exclusive statements about what out would look like . 
  aye and that 's because we just do n't know for sure what the settlement will be . 
  i do n't trust europhile tories like dc to make a good deal for us either . 
   you ca n't do all these things . 
  hell in some cases you ca n't even do some of these things at all . 
  yeah we can probably rate each `` scenario '' by it 's likelyhood . 
  i suspect we 'll see a free-trade deal swiftly reached with the eu and then where we have an appetite open up trade talks with other nations . 
  i think the chance of any political entanglement with the commonwealth or the us to be 0 . 
   well plenty of global banks think the # will lose 30 % of its strength by leaving the eu . 
  lol `` strength '' ? 
  you do know that there are pros and cons for a `` weak '' or `` strong '' currency and that one is n't necessary superior to the other ? 
  when has farage ever claimed we would be a ` huge power ' if we left the eu ? 
  i dont think he has ever made an argument based on anything like that . 
  so put up or shut up, 
  glad ive entertained m8, 
  we 're like the parents with grown up kids , we give them money , let them move back in when they need too but we do n't expect anything back from them . 
  do n't get upset m8, 
  funny you should say that , there 's a campaign to leave a european circus right now ... 
  well we 're the greatest country that has ever existed and we ought to protect that . 
  58 % backed it and 20 % opposed it , so presuembly 22 % were indifferent/don ' t know . 
  i do n't think that 's hypocrisy m8 . 
  free movement with the anglosphere now, 
  i mean having free movement with the eu is already traumatic enough ... 
   if you work for even a week in the uk , you have to have a national insurance number , even if you immediately leave again afterwards . 
  and how many do that ? 
   and you act as sweden is in a civil war . 
  no i do n't . 
  i just see a formerly stable , prosperous and happy society harm itself by permitting the worst of the muslim world into it 's country . 
  i also witness a further acceleration of this happening since the refugee crisis started . 
  i 've given up hope for sweden . 
  i hope everyday it 's population suffers even more . 
  that the situation becomes so intolerable it pushes the rest of europe into an alternative route . 
  if sweden fails then . . who cares ? 
  but if a germany , a france , a uk , a spain or italy fails then the consequences are severe . 
  sweden 's current problems are self-created . 
  these self-created problems show no sign of slowing down , not even stopping . 
  in fact they appear to be accelerating . 
  you 're electorate and politicians have ruined it m8 . 
  well done . 
   the funny thing is that someone from a country more right than the uk , like the usa or hungary , could say the exact thing you said about sweden but about the uk . 
  totally agree , the uk suffers the same problems in sweden . 
  yet swedish politics is ahead of the curve . 
  i hope that when it fails it will provide us an example of the dangerous paths we could tread if we abandon reason . 
  hopefully it will jolt us into action . 
  sweden is guinea pig . 
  do n't get upset m8, 
  many times ... and it 's been transferred from a country walking it 's own path with a stable , low crime and happy society into one which has happily embraced changes from abroad under some misguided multicultural utopia . 
  swedes deserve all they get . 
  they voted for it . 
   do you think that is coming to an end though ? 
  it 's been a lot better in the uk since about . .2009 imo . 
  up to that point there was next to no discussion on the effects of migration . 
  now we have far more balance to it , still certain sections of the left + big business still cling to the `` racist/xenophobe/bigot '' card . 
  fortunately the middle has mellowed considerably . 
   artillery fire and summary executions do n't win hearts and minds - strange huh . 
  mistakes were made , but ultimately there is no more similar people then the irish to the english . 
  it is an unnatural state of affairs that our kin should be estranged by political differences . 
  also it would make the world map more fluent , 
  indeed , a united ireland was a reality a hundred years ago but the nationalists tore it down . 
  ireland will return to the fold one day . 
  part of the definition i find strange . 
  a housing development of at least 10 homes where 50 % or less has been completed counts as a `` ghost estate '' . . so does n't that mean construction sites are basically `` ghost estates '' as well ? 
  even if they 're reasonably believed to be filled when they 're completed ? 
  apart from that , it does look like a real problem . 
  i just wander what forces led to this overbuilding of homes . 
   we lost 11k people in 2015 to emigration : cso immigration statistics still hemorrhaging people eh ? 
  you 'll be back in the union by 2100 m8, 
  did they just build homes in the middle of nowhere ? 
  eu doesnt work im looking out for our mates in europe, 
  would love to see the dominos falling in the event of brexit . 
  that was a great bit of text, 
  like our rohan, 
  do n't think you 'll be alive in 84 years m8, 
  i 've considered going north . 
  not midlands north but proper right up there in places like newcastle or durham . 
  far more reasonable prices there . 
  you 'll be back in the union by 2100 m8 . 
  can definitely see this in britain . 
  the biggest thing is probably the cost of accommodation . 
  rents are very high and house share is becoming ubiquitous . 
  in the past you might house share till your mid-20s before you advance in your work so you could get on the property ladder or rent out a pad for yourself . 
  now more and more people are delaying that shift and are sharing homes into their 30s . 
  more and more `` generation y '' are living at home with their parents too . 
  it 's getting harder and harder to get onto the property ladder as well .
