   sus have always been radical and have always had attendant political societies of various stripes i dispute that , the vast majority of the time it 's radical left wing politics of the day . 
  we should be free to say what a load of dumb shite it is . 
   where they speak scots , a germanic language similar to english ) come off it ... that 's only true according too scots nats . 
  to be fair , the number of female liberal mps was something like 27 % . 
  so trudeau is saying that his women mps are twice as better then his male mps and twice as more likely to get cabinet roles . 
  of course , it may be entirely reasonable . 
  that this particular batch of female liberal mps are fantastic and that 's why they ought to be in the cabinet but statistically that would seem highly unlikely . 
  i think it 's just a gimmick . 
  off you go lad, 
  least you 're being consistent ... 
  200,000 abortions a year ?!, 
  in a country of 7.2 m ? 
  so the majority of pregnancies are terminated . 
  that 's not a nice thought . 
  does n't sound very liberal to me ... state authorisation to be able to preach ... some kind of iron curtain stuff is it ? 
  as friedman pointed out you ca n't have a welfare state and open borders ... 
  u wot m8, 
   gove will dismantle/privatise the nhs as soon as he possibly can . 
  well he would seal his electoral fate with such a move, 
   the turnout was :     18-29 : 81.3 %     30-49 : 86.3 %     50-64 : 88.7 %     65 + : 85.8 % that 's incredible ... how do you manage that ? 
  is that normal ? 
  i know that ... im referring to eu migration ... you cant in all honesty say the uk can control that . 
  uk has run its course . . scotland now throws its toys out of the pram whenever it doesnt get its way . 
  and there will be no recession pal . 
   talking about eu citizens : citizen of eu-land a travels to eu-land b. 
  does n't manage to get a job . 
  money runs out . 
  eu-land b can throw them out . 
  can i see a source in eu law where you can kick out a migrant who stays for longer then three months and has no job or funds ? 
  so why did n't the uk government just do this ? 
   and since you are not part of schengen you could absolutely control who crosses the borders . 
  register their entry , if they have n't either left or registered residency within whatever it is ( 90 ? 
  ) , throw them out if you like . 
  stop it , stop lying . 
  we could n't stop eu migrants who had a job in the uk and were living here with a clean record . 
  you 're pointing out a tiny number of eligible migrants who could be kicked out in a very specific case and saying `` look you could have stopped these guys !, 
  therefore , you have control over your immigration policy '' . 
  that 's clearly nonsense to any honest observer . 
   not quite thanks for making my point . 
  britain can not deny an eu citizen who wishes to live and work here . 
  ergo , britain is almost powerless in it 's border control w.r.t eu nations . 
   and you could actually throw out eu-citizens with no job or funds to support themselves if they stay longer than 120 days or whatever . 
  the eu would n't have stopped you ( maybe made disapproving noices , but you would n't have needed to care about that since you retained the right to stamp their passports and opted out of what meager social dimension there is ) . 
  yeah i do n't care about non-eu migration in this discussion . 
  i 'm just interested in / u/cubesnack 's big claim that we can control immigration without stepping out of the eu ... when in fact ; as you point out - we ca n't control what comes from eu countries . 
  so britain has the power to turn away eu migrants who wish to settle and work in the uk ? 
  but being a part of the single market means we have to accept freedom of movement around the eu . 
  are you saying that britain had an opt out from this all along and did n't exercise it ? 
  wow . . how very european of you m8 . 
   generally it looks like you are going down hard . 
  and i 'm happy to see it wow ... . . 
  liam fox just said on daily politics he does n't believe there is n't a contingency plan so maybe there is a top secret document in the treasury with some recommendations . 
  i think the government deserves criticism for not getting the treasury to work on some sort of contingency plan . 
  you ca n't seriously believe that ? 
  that 's just wrong . 
  he does n't represent the people of europe true but that does n't stop him holding the reasonable judgment that eu membership and the associated policy intrusion makes europe worse off . 
  so he is n't wishing maliciousness against europeans ; he reserves that for the top officials in the european union . 
   his goal is to destroy the eu altogether , and he 's brought this up many times . 
  because he views the eu as harmful to the people of europe . 
  everything is being done to toxify brexit right now . 
  go on , do it . 
  i dare you . 
  gon na be fun watching the `` european union '' struggle on with one of the most outstanding and influential members culturally and politically leaving . 
  the euro-rump union lol, 
  i will be thoroughly enjoying watching you smug eurotwat germans try and foot the bill when we leave . . enjoy it m8 lol, 
  i 've read that a small group of irish fans have actually cured cancer in a small french cafe ... greatest race of men who ever existed . 
   not only does the pool of money shrink , the uncertainty and damage to the reputation of the eu , the biggest anti-eu member is gone . 
   you might want to have a good hard look at the iraq war justifications or this . 
  that 's all you got ? 
  hahahaha ... ahahahahahahahahaha  norway and switzerland are n't in `` servitude '' because they are , to the eu , or more precisely the eu 's internal market . 
  they have to obey the rules but can not influence them . 
  wow , we 're in new territory here . 
  norway and switzerland are `` in servitude '' to the eu ... what does that word mean again ? 
   the state of being a slave or completely subject to someone more powerful . 
  so what 's the corollary ? 
  if you 're a member of the eu you 're with us , if you 're not , you 're our slave . 
  gosh you 're really selling the eu to me m8 !, 
  hold me junker, 
  jesus ktulu is rising from the depths as well ? 
  just found the following m8 :  could brexit see expats deported by eu members ? 
   almost certainly not . 
  first , there are numerous political reasons for eu states not to do such a thing , including the treatment of their own , numerous , nationals living in the uk . 
  mass expulsions of citizens from another developed economy would also startle foreign investors and potentially cause economic turmoil in the expelling country . 
   expats would also enjoy significant legal protections that would apply after brexit . 
  many lawyers argue that british expats living elsewhere in the eu at the time of brexit would have individual `` acquired rights '' under international law . 
   this is based on the vienna convention of 1969 , which says that the termination of a treaty `` does not affect any right , obligation or legal situation of the parties created through the execution of the treaty prior to its termination . '' the house of commons library says that `` withdrawing from a treaty releases the parties from any future obligations to each other , but does not affect any rights or obligations acquired under it before withdrawal . '', 
   in other words , brits who have already exercised their right to live in eu states would keep that right after brexit . 
   one important point though : this only applies to people who have started expat life in the eu before brexit . 
   after britain had left , brits ' ability to live and work in eu nations would depend on new agreements the uk negotiated with those nations . 
  checkmate, 
   the modern western world britain basically developed and exported the `` modern western world '' . 
  you do n't get to jump on the bandwagon because you 've been a democracy for 5 minutes . 
  start claiming these `` western values '' are yours and start dictating to britain what the `` modern western world '' should be . 
  britain was the only vaguely politically free country for centuries whilst the rest of europe were butchering one another or stuffing jews into furnaces . 
  i do n't blame you , britain just does n't have its heart in the eu and never will do ( flair up btw ) . 
   the british government in its wisdom shall in the future be able to decide between servitude to the americans or the chinese . 
      sovereignty on paper means nothing if you have to fight the unjust wars of your special relationship or pre-emptively bully the critics of your new moneylenders . 
  rather a 51st state or the newest chinese province than the building block of a truly democratic europe . 
  the gall to call this freedom is either born out of ignorance or utter foolishness . 
  there 's our fearmongering .
