   as far as i know , it is the only fully-recognised country in the world that is not a member of fifa ( other than the vatican , but you need more than a bunch of old cardinals to have a national team ) . 
  [ actually ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vatican_city_national_football_team ) but yes , you 're right : fifa does n't recognize them , so they play with other national teams in the same position : vatican , micronesia , tuvalu , etc. 
  yay , i think i 've understood 5 words !, 
  listen , i completely agree with your sentiment and personally i would 've been so happy to see it succeed ( the creator is a researcher at my university ) but no , it did n't work well enough to be a serious contender to bing - let alone google - and at this stage more support from the public would n't get it much further . 
  to make things worse , the team behind it has basically acknowledged its flop and given up on it , to work on other projects . 
  oh lord , volunia . 
  it 's a trainwreck , unfortunately . 
  it was developed by one of the guys who where behind the algorithm google is based on , but it was trying too hard to be the new google and never ended up anywhere . 
  i 'm not exactly an expert , but as far as i know fascism apology is not a constitutional crime but a ` normal ' law ( btw , was this really removed by berlusconi ? 
  i ca n't find anything on wikipedia ) . 
  this said , what our constitution forbides is the reconstitution of the fascist party or any other party with fascist ideas ( and we all know how this is easily circumvented : case in point forza nuova , casapound , and all that neonazi scum ) , while the freedom of thought is protected . 
  where in rome , exactly ? 
  i do n't remember seeing any mussolini statues in rome , nor can i find any evidence of their existence on the internet . 
  on top of that apology of fascism is a crime , so i really do n't think there are mussolini statues on public soil - museums possibly excluded . 
   also , some dogs have to wear clothes in the winter here , since it is so cold . 
  i guess chihuahuas and other toy/small breeds ? 
  yeah , i see those poor things wearing all sorts of silly `` jumpers '' all the time here ( in winter , of course ) , and yet they 're still trembling from cold . 
  i really do n't see the point in owning breeds that do n't have a double coat in nordic countries , poor things with only a single coat ( or even hairless ) are bound to terribly suffer from cold - or never see the outside of the house . 
  yup , same here in italy - with the possible exception of bocconi university . 
  but in general private schools - especially secondary ones - are the go-to place for those kids who fail in public schools and do n't want to study too much . 
  they were probably older people : learning at least one foreign language at school has been compulsory only for ~ 20 years , and before that french was the most popular choice among those who chose to learn one ( case in point , good ol' berlusconi : his english is laughable , but he speaks french very well ) . 
  right now i 'd place the cut-off age at 35 years old : older people probably never got around to learn english at school , while younger people surely did - individual proficiency may vary , though , depending on how much a certain person got to use and practice english outside school . 
  wait , at the same time ? 
  or when you 're at the cinema you can choose whether to go to the german-subbed show or the french one or something ? 
  i ask because i 'm finding it hard to visualize how it can be possible to show subtitles in 2 or more languages without having the screen look like a clusterfuck . 
  yup , because it 's tax free . 
  and - shocker here - they do n't sell viagra and birth control pills . 
  there 's also a vat free supermarket but , unlike the pharmacy , it can only be accessed by vatican residents . 
  oh , and a gas station . 
  i remember reading/hearing that the bodies of some animals have to be processed in a certain way right after death , in order to be eaten . 
  the sooner blood and intestines are removed , the better the meat tastes . 
  this particular elk was probably already rotting , unless it was collected right after it was hit . 
  that place was fucking glorious . 
  guys , i do n't understand why you think certain news are hid from us or something : berlusconi does not control all the media . 
  is it true he is in control of way too many tv channels and newspapers ? 
  yep . 
  is it true we desperately need a law against conflict of interest ? 
  yep . 
  but that does n't mean we do n't get to hear things like this one : in fact , this same video was just shown on national tv ( and was posted on most major news websites ) and most people were n't exactly thrilled - to say the least - to hear this piece of news ( or ones about similar stuff happening in the italian parliament , for that matter ) . 
  the problem mostly lies in * his * tv channels : the people who only get their news from those are basically hearing propaganda , but if they wanted to hear another pov they only have to switch to another channel . 
  it 's gon na take at least another couple of years , i guess . 
  and get some popcorn , because the guy 's extremely resourceful and you never know what trick he 's going to pull next to save his ass . 
  it 's a first-degree sentence , he can - and will - appeal . 
  he ca n't be jailed until the third-degree verdict ( which , unlike the previous two , can be asked only to verify that there were no irregularities in the previous two rulings ) . 
  so it 's the second-degree verdict the one we should cross our fingers for . 
  that explains it . 
  you 're certainly not to be blamed if you like to keep track of crime news , but this said it 's hardly what most people are talking about in the country . 
  as for the second part , i certainly will when i 'm done with university and can follow news more closely . 
  i also invite all the other italian lurkers out there to be generally more active in / r/europe , it makes for interesting discussions . 
   about price/quality : my 20mbit dsl costs 19 euros per month . 
  yeah , if your area is cabled - and you wo n't have to reach the top of the alps to find a place that is n't . 
  if it 's not cabled , forget ` normal ' dsl ( telecom or fastweb ) , and you 'll have to do with lousy internet keys ( with plans that are full of the most idiotic restrictions ) or little else . 
  digital divide in italy is still a problem . 
  yeah , i think it 's goerz that focuses too much on crime news or something , i could n't recognize most of those deaths ( not that i pay too much attention to local news , to be honest ) . 
  even last week , his post was basically a long list of epitaphs , when there was much more interesting stuff going on from a political standpoint . 
  i do n't know . 
  `` if i die , tell my wife ... ` hello ' '', 
  really ? 
  i 'll look into it !, 
  square flag , one of the few ( i reckon they 're only two , but i ca n't remember the other country which uses one ) in the world . 
  an amazing cuisine that is a mash-up of french , italian and german . 
  first thing that comes to mind is delicious fondue . 
  also chocolate ( lindt ! ) . 
  cern is in geneva !, 
  a friend of mine got to visit it for free , i was so jealous . 
  in montreaux there 's queen ex studios , and the most epic statue to date ( freddie mercury 's - he loved the place , and spent some of his last years there ) . 
  italy has an exclave ( well , barely , thanks to a lake ) in switzerland which is sometimes chosen as one of the * tappe * of the giro d'italia . 
  lots of people from piemonte and val d'aosta work in switzerland , but i gather that some swiss political parties are n't too thrilled about it ( there was some kind of campaigning about it last year ? ) . 
  oh , and lots of people go there for groceries , because some items ( milk powder being one of these ) are actually cheaper . 
  also fuel . 
  a couple of years ago the swiss army `` invaded '' liechtenstein during a trek . 
  the world leader in clock and watch designing : think of a popular watch brand and it 's probably swiss . 
  and balle = balls ( as in ` testicles ' ) in italian . 
   no reselling of used games i 'm no keen gamer , but i reckon this is the first time such a measure is implemented in any console , is n't it ? 
  how does that even work ? 
  i mean , if my x-box one gets broken and i replace it with a new one , i ca n't even use my old games ? 
  that 's fucked up , they 're basically telling people to go and buy a ps4 instead . 
  uhm . 
  i 'm no linguist , but reading those polish words left me astounded at their similarity with italian , actually !, 
  not that the french ones are much different , though : they 're both romance languages , afterall . 
  for comparison : ** italian : ** matematica , fisica , chimica , biologia , storia , geografia . 
  oh , no room for us non-scandinavians , uh ? 
  fine !, 
  we 're gon na create our own community , with blackjack !, 
  and hookers !, 
  in fact , forget the community . 
  on second thought , forget the blackjack . 
  ahh , screw the whole thing !, 
  the worms one is not a meat-based product , it 's a sardinian cheese . 
  and i 've never seen it sold anywhere in italy ( i guess it 's really hard to find outside sardinia ) , nor would i touch it with a several metres long pole . 
   in italy places like kfc do we have kfc ? 
  i 've never seen one within italian borders !, 
  italy : * ~ ~ heineken jammin festival ~ ~ , not to be held this year because of logistical problems . 
  * [ city sound festival ] ( http://www.citysoundmilano.com/ ) in milan , in june and july ( the killers , toto , iggy pop , skunk anansie , deep purple , santana ) . 
  * [ rock in rome ] ( http://www.rockinroma.com/calendario-rock-in-roma-2013.php ) , in june and july ( green day , arctic monkeys , bruce springsteen , mark knopfler , the smashing pumpkins , sigur ros ) . 
  * [ umbria jazz festival ] ( http://www.umbriajazz.com/pagine/programma-000 ) , in july . 
  [ berlusconix ? 
  berlusconi . 
  err . 
  i think ferroli was italian .
