  to be accepted into university , a certain knowledge of english is necessary - ranging from b1 to c1 , since it varies according to the field of your choice - and so you have to sit a test to assess your english skills , unless you already have an esol certification . 
  unless you 're studying modern languages or similar things , you 're not required to study another language - you can , though , and it provides credits . 
  3 - english is compulsory everywhere . 
  french , spanish and german ( in that order ) are the most studied second foreign languages - but some schools also offer russian , chinese , arabic , portuguese and japanese . 
  and latin and ancient greek , of course . 
  4 - some ( private ) schools offer their whole curriculum in english , from grade 1 to 13 . 
  they 're great if you want to learn english well , but as far as the other subjects go they 're not so good . 
  like every private school in italy , to be honest : they 're easier than public schools , and are usually attended by rich snobs who do n't feel like spending too much of their time studying . 
  my experience : i studied english from grade 1 to 13 , and can use it rather well - well , certainly better than all of my high school classmates - only because i 've been using it * outside * school for 6-7 years ( reading , watching tv , internet ... the list goes on ) . 
  the english of those of my classmates/friends who only use it at school is awkward at best . 
  in middle school i studied french ; i still can understand it a bit , but as far as grammar and vocabulary go my memory is blank . 
  in high school i took latin for 5 years : with a dictionary and a bit of effort i can still translate from latin to italian/english , but my knowledge of grammar is quickly fading . 
  edit : formatting . 
  edit 2 : spelling . 
  from your reply to tilthz a little bit above :  sadly , there are still billions of ** lazy-mental-sheep ** watching-tv-every-day . 
  so yes , you did use the word ` lazy ' . 
  learn to understand what you are writing yourself , before launching in discussions you ca n't keep up with using reasonable and objective points , rather than reaching at straws with semantics . 
   if the elder men can play complex card games , and the old women can embroider intricate bedspreads . 
  this is a weak comparison . 
  playing cards and knitting is something they 've done since they were kids , and they 're so accustomed to it that it comes natural to them . 
  the same can be said for the younger generations ' technology skills : we were basically born with a computer in our hands , so using it comes natural to us - while most of us ca n't even fathom knitting . 
  so it 's not a matter of lazyness , or not wanting to keep up with progress : they just do what their * forma mentis * naturally leads them to do , and changing this is way harder than you might think . 
  sure , there might be a number of senior citizens who are actually familiar with the new technologies ( thanks to their curiosity or background in technology ? 
  i do n't know ) , but they 're a minority : by thinking that every senior citizen can learn how to use a relatively new technology they were never exposed to before only because you 've seen a couple of people doing it , you 're making a generalisation . 
  yes , it 's the same process as far as i know . 
  maybe the fact that bbc has more freedom has something to do with the number of government-appointed directors involved ? 
  in italy they 're only 7 or 8 , and iirc under berlusconi 's cabinet 5 of them belonged to the centre-right , while the others were from the opposition . 
  but i think you 're right , what people think of their own public broadcast has surely an influence on its freedom : i feel safe to say the relationship italians have with rai is nowhere as good as that between the british and bbc - case in point , the annual tax to ` watch rai/own a ` device which * can * be used to watch television ' ^ * is the most evaded in italy . 
  and that 's saying something . 
  ^ * yes : according to ~ ~ italian law ~ ~ a several decade old * royal decree * , those two things are the same thing . 
  so you ca n't own a tv set to watch only private networks without paying that rai tax . 
  and they were this close to enforce this particular tax on smartphone owners , a couple of months ago . 
  edit : formatting . 
  while i ca n't see how ` idiot ' is a rude insult ( it has been so widely used that it has lost all its original meaning and/or strongly negative connotation , at least in my eyes ) i respect your opinion on this matter and concede that my using that particular word might have been influenced by the fact that english is not my mother tongue . 
  that said , i mantain my negative view on monti ; and it 's not simply a momentary sentiment triggered by this particular * faux pas * ( which , as an italian , i find more insulting than my use of the word ` idiot ' , to be completely honest - it 's basically a ` screw that ' directed at our constitution ) , but a firm opinion built on my disagreeing with a large number of his ( and his government 's ) political decisions . 
  the only problem with e/europe is its growing number of subscribers . 
  when this happens ( to any internet community , inside or outside reddit ) , you usually witness two things : the variety of opinions will increase , while the quality will drop . 
  some people will think the greater variety is worth coping with a larger number of bad posts , others wo n't - that 's why every redditor has their own idea of what the golden age of reddit was . 
  as far as i know , no solution towards finding some kind of balance has been found , or else it would 've already been implemented . 
  and believe it or not , i was n't the one downvoting you . 
  i speak my mind , not what the average redditor wants to hear . 
  and i was n't around when reddit was in its `` golden age '' , so ... * shrug *, 
  the problem is that the majority of those over 50 are n't able to use a computer and thus are still getting information from the traditional media ( namely , press and television ) . 
  and being spain a first-world country with a low birth rate , older citizens make up the majority of the population . 
  that 's why protecting the freedom of * all * mass media is of vital importance . 
   the bbc director general is usually in position for a number of parliaments , and he is appointed by a board of directors , who are in turn appointed by the government . 
  it 's obviously far from perfect , but it does seem to buffer the bbc from direct interference . 
  wow , you guys can consider yourselves lucky . 
  it 's the same here in italy with rai , but the bias towards the current government is very strong nonetheless - and it used to be even worse under berlusconi . 
  that was one of the dumbest thing he could say , when he is ill-regarded by half the country for his being a technocrat pm not democratically elected . 
  in this way he wo n't be of any help for italy , and only fuel those populist parties italy needs nothing from ( i.e. 
  not to speak of the image italy has in front of most europeans ' eyes right now - as if berlusconi has n't fucked us up enough . 
  i ca n't wait for the day we 'll finally get a new electoral law and thus be able to hold serious elections . 
  thanks . 
  question on swedish surnames : i 'm no nordic languages expert , but this woman 's surname seems quite similar to icelandic patronymics ( assuming the - * dotter * here is the same as the icelandic - * d\u00f3ttir * , meaning ` daughter of ' ) . 
  now , is this just a trace in her surname of a past use of patronymics in sweden ( so there might have been an anders [ ander ? ], 
  somewhere in her family tree ) or patronymics are still present ? 
   how can the mafia have such an influence in this day and age ? 
  good question . 
  to make a long story short , it 's all due to the degree the mafia is phisiologically linked to the society . 
  mafiosi have been ` in business ' for more than a century now , and during this time they have deepened their connections with both the economic world and the political one ( and the * religious * one as well , might i add ) to such an extent that * people who were born in mafia-ridden places find it normal * . 
  in several occasions local people were actually angered for the capture of the mafia boss who was in control in their area , since they believed he did * good * ( e.g. 
  punishing rapists or child-abusers , funding the festivities for the local patron saint and similar stuff ) . 
  yes : believe it or not , to the uneducated and naive those involved in the mafia appear as benefactors . 
  ~ ~ this is probably the same reason why berlusconi won the elections four times . ~ ~ and yes , i 'm aware it 's hard to understand for someone who is n't italian ( hell , most northern italians like me have the same problem - unfortunately even politicians ) . 
  the main issue to be solved is changing people 's * attitudes * - and no reform can do that . 
  sure , you could argue ( and with reason ) that a better education system - something italy should work towards , imho , regardless of the mafia problem - could help in raising people 's knowledge and awareness and thus lead to the defeat of mafia ( it 's no coincidence that education in southern italy is below average among eu countries ) , but it 'd still be insufficient . 
  the roots of the problem are even deeper - not to mention how there are * different * regional mafia networks which work in completely different ways , and whose connections are probably known to mafiosi only . 
  yeah , it 's a mess . 
  edit : spelling . 
  i remember reading about something similar happening here in italy a couple of years ago . 
  i ca n't recall the details , but i remember that after a german/italian couple split the father appealed to the german court in order to gain the custody of the child while the mother did the same in italy ( needless to say , each court ruled in favor of the parent native to its country ) , and there was a litigation over the kid 's fate . 
  s/he wanted to stay with his/her mother , but at the end the father brought the kid with him in germany ( as far as i can remember the italian and german courts still had n't reached an agreement ) and so the mother tried appealing to the german court with no success ; basically they told her that the german parent - being german - had priority over her , and she ended up kidnapping the kid , thus effectively becoming the less worthy parent . 
  ca n't remember how the whole thing ended . 
  hover over bobzer 's flag - ( s ) he 's irish !, 
   as i see it , being born here was just an accident . 
  and it 's the complete opposite for me . 
   there 's no point in continuing this debate , then , as we would never reach a consensus . 
   my parents are poor and i 've been living in the same tiny hole with them for 23 years . 
  same background here , only a couple of years younger . 
  maybe it 's my naivet\u00e9 speaking , but i ca n't see how we will get out of this hell if we do n't stay back and fight - including making sacrifices . 
  i know that even though recession were to stop now , it would take years and years for our country to be on par with , say , germany or the uk , but imho fleeing will only make italy weaker . 
  then again , i understand that the current situation - especially from a political stand-point - is power-draining and when rl starts hitting you bad , you have no choice but going away . 
  i perfectly know where you 're coming from , but the thing is , we should be able to live a dignified life * here * . 
  and we need someone who will make it happen . 
  brain drainage is no solution : if all the best run away , who will be left to care after italy ? 
  where have i stated that the vatican is not worthy of note ? 
  what i said was that it 's not the * only * thing worth seeing in rome - let alone italy as a whole - and proceeded to list other noteworthy landmarks in rome ( and the fact that the roman forum has a road in the middle of it does n't make it any less historically valuable ) . 
  all of this to prove that the vatican 's input as a booster for italian tourism is minimal/irrelevant ; case in point , the region which generates more income from tourism is veneto and not lazio . 
  and this is not taking into consideration all the money the vatican owes us , starting from property taxes on religious buildings . 
  and my only * agenda * , if you want to put it in this way , is wanting people not to believe italy and the vatican are the same thing , as is often the case . 
  people go to italy to see * italy * , not the vatican ( excluding the bunch of foreign people who shows up every sunday for the pope 's * angelus * ) . 
  your statement would be true if st peter 's basilica and the vatican museums were the only things in rome worth seeing ; the colosseum , the fountain of trevi , the ara pacis , the pantheon , the roman forum , the catacombs and who knows how many other landmarks in rome alone are the proof that this is not the case . 
  sure , when people are in rome they also visit the vatican - but very rarely it 's the other way around . 
  it bears repeating : italy does not equate to the vatican . 
  italian atheists and agnostics ( and probably many catholics as well ) will be grateful . 
  fun fact : my biology teacher in hs totally looked like merkel . 
  after they pointed it out to me , it could not be unseen . 
  being a lazy person , i 'll just crosspost a comment i made [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/wr0qc/sicily_in_danger_of_default_says_italian_pm/c5foyo7 ) on the same topic . 
   the real problem with sicily ( and most other southern italian regions , basilicata excluded ) is that the government has never done anything to contain its * huge * expenses when it comes to administration : while it 's true that it 's the largest region , it is n't the most popolous , and yet it spends more on bureaucracy ( and has way more public personnel ) than any other big region , like lombardia and veneto .
