  [ ishihara tests ] ( http://www.colour-blindness.com/colour-blindness-tests/ishihara-colour-test-plates/ ) . 
  a normal person would see a number inside the circle , whereas i ca n't see anything but a circle made of colored spots - and yet i can still tell if a single spot is red or green . 
  it 's because i perceive green shades differently . 
  you separate coloured glass from transparent glass ?!, 
  that 's awesome . 
  where i live ( i live in padova , but every city does it differently ) we have plastic & metal ( afaik they 're separated with magnets before being recycled ) , glass , paper , bio/garden waste , unrecyclable , used frying oil , and hazardous materials ( batteries , drugs ) . 
  yeah , that 's what i thought . 
  if japan can have [ vending machines selling schoolgirls ' used underwear ] ( http://www.snopes.com/risque/kinky/panties.asp ) , i 'm sure austria can have vending machines for newspapers ? 
  then again the ` austrian method ' might be easier and cheaper to pull off , and probably requires less maintenance , so there . 
  yes , there 's definitely some truth behind that . 
  or else i would n't be able to explain why some people are still convinced to vote for , say , * lega nord * , after it has been discovered that they were wasting public electoral funds on luxuries and holidays - and they 're the same guys who keep saying southern regions are wasting * state money , hypocritically enough . 
  and that 's just an example . 
  of course , just like everywhere else in the world , even here we have people who are completely honest - i 'd like to believe they 're the majority , but i 'm not really sure . 
  * there 's a certain degree of truth to that , but there are northern regions which are just as guilty - it 's a national problem , not only a sicilian one . 
  when i was in vienna this spring i saw what i believed were newspaper ` front pages ' on lampposts , and thought they were used as advertisement ( `` hey , today x said y !, 
  get to the nearest newsagent 's and read our take on it '' ) . 
  when i got closer i realised they were actual newspapers placed in plastic bags , and each bag had a box you could put $ in , in case you wanted to buy the newspaper . 
  i ca n't believe this system actually works and the majority of people * do * pay for the newspaper they take , even if there 's no system to avoid stealing . 
  the same thing in italy would n't last a day , as i highly doubt most people here would put the money in the box if they knew about the lack of surveillance - but man , how would i love to see this actually working here !, 
  there are different types of colour blindness . 
  i have no idea which type ikoh suffers from , but i have anomalous trichromacy ( deuteranomaly ) and can read the map just fine - basically , i just see colours differently from a normal person . 
   italians come to us to eat pizza and pasta . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  til we are nationalists . 
  last time i checked , the majority of italians were spewing shit on everything about the country ( which is something i understand , to certain degree - but still ) . 
  and andorra . 
   the guillotine - coolest execution device [ i beg to differ . 
  opposition is rather happy right now regardless of this piece of news on the showgirl ( we 're so accustomed to this kind of stints from berlusconi that afaik no italian media reported this , go figure ) , given that the * partito della libert\u00e0 * ( berlusconi 's party ) has been steadily losing consensus for months , and at 17 % * circa * it 's now ` only ' the third major party - to put this into perspective , pdl won 37 % of the votes in 2008 ( berlusconi 's coalition as a whole got 47 % , the opposition 37 % ) . 
  right now the main party is * partito democratico * ( the major centre-left party ) , followed by beppe grillo 's movement ( which has been the subject of an astronomical growth , as far as consensus goes ) . 
  so yeah , there 's no way berlusconi is gon na win this time - * hopefully * . 
  well , it was never scorned to begin with . 
  not sure about sicily , but in one of the mcdonald 's in my area you have to ask for a token ( which is free if you have a receipt to show them ; otherwise it 's .50 $ or something like that ) to access the bathrooms . 
  as far as i know it 's a measure they took to avoid having hundreds of shady people ( the one i 'm talking about is right next to the train station , so you can imagine ) using their toilets and leaving a mess behind . 
  on the other hand in the other big mcdonald 's in the city , which is new and nowhere near the station , you can use the toilet for free . 
   * the move came as a surprise because last wednesday berlusconi said he would not run in next year 's elections * i 'm willing to bet he knew he would be sentenced , and staged wednesday 's stepping-back accordingly . 
   there is a two stage appeal process and if that fails , there 's also a third stage . 
  seeing how this first judicial instance took ten years to be completed , he 's never gon na spend a single minute in jail . 
   grillo crashed his suv in the 80 's killing a seven year old boy and his parents , and has been found guilty of involuntary manslaughter . 
  til . 
  well , it 's not like this is likely to happen : even though , say , 50 % of venetians want independence , the other half wo n't let it happen . 
  also , both newspapers cited ( * il gazzettino * and * il corriere della sera * ) are right-wind , so their readers are most likely to side with the secessionist ideas of * lega nord * ( which * liga veneta * - the movement which is the subject of the article - is part of ) . 
  if we were to take into account everyone 's opinion , those percentages would be much lower . 
  that said , if we look up the numbers of the past elections , it 's true that * lega nord * is the major party in veneto so , despite the evident and naive exaggeration , the article has a point . 
   with a dragon it would truly take its place as an advice animal . 
  foul bachelor welsh dragon . 
  but seriously , if scotland gets out and you decide to update your flag it 'll be rather hard on the eyes , with no blue background . 
  italy : green for the fertile fields , white for the alpine snow , red for the blood spillt during its unification . 
  but that 's an explanation * a posteriori * , as the italian flag actually traces its origins back to napoleon ( inspired by the french flag ) . 
  but i like thinking that the three colors represent pizza : green for basil , white for mozzarella , and red for tomato !, 
  i remember having thought , when i was in elementary school and our english teacher explained the origin of the union jack and made us draw it , `` it 's nice , but why did n't they put that awesome welsh dragon on it ?! '' . 
  uk , you have some explaining to do . 
   one of the televised debates between him and monti you 're probably thinking about the leader of the democratic party , and not monti , who is a neutral technocrat . 
  i love the `` galileo , galileo , galileo , figaro '' on czech republic 's apron . 
  uncanny valley for some of these , to be completely honest . 
   pay 5 euros for bear that you can get from a shop in 1 euro you guys get to buy cuddly white * bears * 1 $ each ? 
  i 've always known i have to visit finland one day !, 
  order a black coffee and then ask for some milk in it - they should give you a very small pot of fresh milk and you can pour as much as you like on your coffee yourself . 
  or at least that 's what many people do here in italy . 
  you can also try a * macchiatone * ( no idea what you guys call it ) , which is espresso with a bit of milk foam , instead of standard milk . 
  it 's awesome . 
  seriously . 
  and not only the first 5 seasons , in my opinion : * and maggie makes three * may possibly be the most pro-family thing i have ever seen . 
  if you want something really * hardcore * you should try the dialect spoken in calabria ( in its strictest form anyway ) : a friend of mine sampled it for me and i could n't understand anything , it sounded like cantonese !, 
  i 'm from padova but i was raised in the countryside , where everyone ( except from kids born to parents who do n't use dialect or do n't want them to learn it ) still speaks [ the local variety of ] venetian , so in a way venetian is my actual mother-tongue . 
  but the truth is i learnt italian and venetian at the same time , and always separated the two : i spoke venetian at home and italian everywhere else , never mixing them , and thus i never had an accent ( at least that 's what my friends from southern italy told me ) . 
  what has always impressed me is how much the same dialect varies from town to town . 
  the venetian spoken in venice is markedly different from the venetian spoken in , say , padova ( my dialect ) or verona ; while the grammar is overall the same , in venice they have a different intonation and a somewhat different lexicon ( especially in the chioggia area ) that make them stand out . 
  to be honest i can understand venice venetian just fine , bar some words ( 1 % ) . 
  it 's strange that your friend from garda has real problems understanding it - maybe he never learnt venetian , or lives on the lombard or emilian side of the lake , i assume . 
   i do n't know what rome is like in january , but i 'd bet it 's more enjoyable weather than in mid-summer , the only times i 've ever visited , when it 's an oven . 
  same for florence . 
  the weather will be a tad bit warmer than that of the average continental european city , but still cold-ish and possibly rainy - perfect for visiting , imho , if op does n't mind or is used to put up with rain . 
  for the sake of completeness i 'm adding [ ansa.it ] ( http://www.ansa.it/web/notizie/rubriche/english/english.shtml ) , italy 's main news agency ; it 's only cold facts and no analysis , of course , but at least its english version is kept updated . 
  edit : eafkuor beat me to it , nevermind . 
  other than the things [ i have already stated above ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/xzff2/finland_and_italy_enemies_a_love_story/c5qz6lp ) ( which for some reason you keep reading as `` he 's bad because he 's short , ugly and cracks unfunny jokes '' ) , one of his books on economy is a rip-off of an american study , which he has n't even cited . 
  and he 's been considering himself nobel-worthy for years now - why , he 's the only one who knows . 
  edited to add more information on his papers : your ` respected economist ' has only one peer-reviewed paper published ( in 1993 ) , his h-index is 0 and the same goes for the citations he gets per-year . 
  if you really believe that someone who denied * for years * the existance of the current economic crisis is a respected economist , it 's your business . 
  you 're clearly unfamiliar with italian politics , or else you would n't be making these statements . 
  among other things : * he is convinced the high percentage of unemployment among young people is only due to ` lazyness ' ( going as far as labelling young precarious workers and unemployed people ` italy 's worst ' ) , and has nothing to do with the current economic crisis , which he , berlusconi and tremonti continuously denied , or italy 's infamous gerontocracy . 
  * he has been an advocate for ` transparency ' , especially as far as the public administration goes ; while this was actually a good idea on paper , his decree made it sure the government did n't have to abide by the rules all the others public organs had to follow . 
  * he used the institutional website for the italian ministery of labour to respond to a personal - and not directed to the whole ministery - attack from a centre-left newspaper . 
  and that 's just the tip of the iceberg . 
  renato brunetta , a respected economist ? 
  please do n't make me laugh , brussels blog . 
   setting up a triple a-rated private fund that would use non-strategic public assets allocated by the government as backing to issue bonds when the word ` private ' is uttered by an ex minister in berlusconi 's cabinet , it means ` owned by berlusconi ' . 
  so no , thank you , but having him in control of public assets - even if they 're ` non-strategic ' , whatever that means to brunetta - is the last thing italy needs right now . 
  great idea for a discussion . 
  i 'm gladly upvoting . 
  anyway , here in italy : 1 and 2 - it all depends on the education path a student decides to follow . 
  in general , during elementary school ( grade 1 to 5 ) the first compulsory foreign language ( ~ ~ almost ~ ~ always english ) is introduced : the emphasis is on vocabulary and key sentences rather than grammar , in order to have the kid grow familiar with the language . 
  the study of english continues through middle school ( grade 6 to 8 ) - with more emphasis given to grammar and reading/speaking/listening , now that the student is supposedly familiar with the language - and a second compulsory language is added : it 's usually either french , spanish or german ( it depends on what your school offers ) . 
  the focus is mostly on grammar . 
  as for high school ( grade 9 to * 13 * - yes , here it lasts 5 years , much to my dismay ) , it all depends on what type of high school a student chooses to attend . 
  there are three types of high school : * licei * ( the traditional path for those who want to go to university ) , technical institutes ( with more practical teachings , but they still enable you to continue with university ) and professional institutes ( where you learn a job , basically ) ; each type is then divided into several sub-divisions , according to the curricula offered . 
  now , while english remains compulsory until the end of high school regardless of its type ( with the addition of english literature from grade 11 to 13 ) , the study of a second and third foreign language depends on the high school chosen . 
  latin is compulsory in all * licei * for 5 years ( the first two years are dedicated towards the study of grammar , the other three towards the study of latin literature ) . 
  in classical * licei * ancient greek is also compulsory for 5 years . 
  some * licei * offer you the possibility to study a second modern foreign language ( most commonly the one started in middle school , usually for 5 years including literature ) , and in linguistic * licei * the study of a third modern foreign language is compulsory for three years . 
  the same goes for some technical institues .
