i understand what youre saying and like your writing style and do n't think you 're off topic . 
  fuck the haters , have an upvote !, 
  until your dad overthrows your mom and you accept it and do n't fight back because you know you 'll get chocolate, 
   when college girls are raped by native `` alpha males '' all we see is her being called a feminazi like what happened with the duke lacrosse case ? 
  no one believed her ... it was tragic . 
  hahaha lol , because guns !, 
  is not an ideology ... gun deaths are about 30.000 deaths a year 20.000 are suicides of the remaining 10.000 about 9.000 are gang related do you think the 9.000 people who shot those guys care about laws ? 
  well everything was going great before those idiots tossed the tea over board !, 
  there are literally rape gangs that have been put on trial and convicted . 
  cologne ... wow ... to still deny what happened , ever heard about taharrush ? 
  something similar happened in salzburg , always imigrants , mostly afghans . 
  i 'm still not saying all muslims , my problem is i am not willing to sacrifice security that we have now for multiculturalism and the supposed gains that it could maybe eventually have ... for the sake of the more than a thosand innocent girls in rotherham alone . 
  is there an inquisition going on right now that i 've missed ? 
  because there absolutely is a jihad at the moment . 
  i 'd suggest that saudi arabia not take a million catholics if there were a crusade ... 
   where are the moderate muslims condemning terrorism ? '', 
  bullshit we hear all the time ? 
  it makes a lot of people feel exactly like you are feeling now , and they think `` this whole idea that i 'm at fault for what people i am not related with are doing thousands of kilometers away is unbelievably stupid . 
  the difference is one is connected by belief one is only by race you can change your belief but you canno ' t change your race . 
  ok if thats the case excuse my accusation . 
  the reason it is that way in your country is probably because there is positive discrimination for imigrants for example the rotherham rape scandal . 
  now take a look at sweden why is it now the rape capital of europe ? 
  what changed ? 
  wow , this whole idea that i ` am at fault for what my ancestors did is so unbelievably stupid . 
  stop hiding your heritage and tell me where you 're from so i can play this game too lol . 
  you have yet to tell me any connection though . 
  what i 'd find interesting though would be are todays turks as connected to the armenian genocide as i am or is my race level not good enough ? 
  i 'm actually 50 % serbocroatian does that give me any oppression points because my ancestors were probably oppressed by the austro-hungarians ? 
  lol, 
  do you always downvote people you talk to ? 
  like do you stand in front of them with your thumb down or something ? 
  but seriously , are you saying all vikings were raiding ? 
  because some muslims are terrorising europe now just like some vikings did with england so where is the difference ? 
  if you ca n't show me any long term payoffs how do you know there are going to be any ? 
  what benefit could any religion possibly bring to a country that secular reasoning cant ? 
  your little story about all your middle eastern friends and the food is nice and all but food somehow pales in my eyes compared to to the theft , rape , violance and murder they have brought . 
  you have yet to demonstrate that there is any long term pay off . 
  the negative short term consequenzes are evident . 
  just take a look at sweden what have they gained ? 
  this is like saying the english should have let vikings imigrate to their island . 
  do you think they would have gained anything from that ? 
  i feel the same about people who strawman . 
  what ? 
  ca n't tell if you 're kidding or not . 
  but im talking about : yazidis , mandaeans , sunni/shia , christians , kurds , . . you know , your regular everyday genocide . 
  but were doing all this despite and not because of muslims so why take them ? 
  we stand to gain nothing but lose everything . 
  i know i 'm lucky . 
  thats why i do n't want to lose al ofl this , not to nationalism or to islam and the current imigration policy is fueling both . 
  it is now in austria and thats what someone should base their policys on . 
   if we 're going to talk abrahamic religions , prophets like moses did some seriously questionable things as well ( slaughtering golden calf worshippers , etc. ) . 
  i 'd say any religion actually , but yea thats why i 'm an atheist . 
   i would n't call a jew speaking positively about moses condoning that behavior . 
  yes but austrian jews are pretty much like austrian catholics they do n't really take their religion seriously , almost all the catholic people i know except for the ones that are gon na die within 15 years are more new age than katholik . 
  i think at least most european muslims are conflikted with the whole child rapist thing because ask anyone if muhammed is the perfect muslim and almost everyone will say yes , then ask them what they think about his relationship if aisha they 'll probably stutter a lot . 
   you want to know something ? 
  you strike me as being a bit right-wing and nationalist by your language i actually hear that a lot but i think in america i 'd be declared a communist i even voted for vdb in the last presidential election and will do so again ( we have to re do the vote i do n't know if youve heard ) . 
  i also wo n't vote for the fp\u00d6 thats our right wing freedom party . 
  i generally do n't like the lableing of policys as right or left because it does n't matter who that policy is associated with . 
  hitler was big on infrastructure is that a right wing policy too ? 
  in some sense yes but the process was much slower and cultural aversion was not as devestating as it is now with the muslims . 
  there is also the huge difference that the jews were displaced by the same ideology that is now being imported into europe and causeing huge problems for jews again . 
  i 'm not saying that there is anyone in this that doens ' t have blood on their hands in some way if you go back in history but im saying that it was destabalising and still is to import alien cultures into countrys and therefore i am against it . 
  and how exactly did i take part in that or the culture that made the holocauset possible ? 
  did someone shave my head while i slept and tattoo a swastika in my face ? 
  i was born almost 60 years after the camps were closed . 
  actually , i absolutely can and will take the moral high ground , because i am not taking part in the cultures that commited any of those genocides . 
  i ca n't speak for u/silentbromius but it is absolutely about culture , we have common history and culture with germans , hungarians and slovenians muslim culture is completely alian and inferior to ours and that is objectively true from a secular viewpoint . 
  * ignoring all the genocides and ethnic cleansing committed by muslims right now !, 
  can i run around with a swastika tattooed on my face and in a nazi uniform in israel ? 
  well how are you going to justify that ? 
  they must be held responsible for supressing my culture !, 
  reclaim anatolia for the greeks ? 
  haha, 
  first of all i never said they could avoid punishment . 
  i see it more as the case when you cause an accident and then do n't stop to help the people you have damaged , unless you would have to risk your own life you are obligated to help . 
  something else that does not require prior damage for example could be , if you have given birth to your child you can not then just walk off and let the kid die . 
  or should the mother/father be forced to support the child they have not caused any damge to ? 
  and again , i ` am not against abortion by principle the problem only is the time frame we give people and i think that timeframe should be , for the sake of the fetus or child , set as early as the potential to detect the `` problem '' . 
   pregnancy is not an assault against the fetus abortion on the other hand is , i 'm not argueing against pregnancy or very ealy abortion . 
   i know a girl who gets about two periods a year naturally . 
  thats probably less than 1 % of the population and only anecdotal  what if you do n't have access to pregnancy tests because e.g. 
  you 're 13 , overwhelmed , clueless and your family is n't supportive ? 
  if that is the case then they would also not be helping you getting an abortion i do n't see the point you 're trying to raise here thats an education problem . 
  pregnancy tests are dirt cheap and do n't have an age restriction . 
  how do you not cause your own pregnancy ? 
  pregnancy is precisely the result and risk of intercourse , if you take that risk , live with the consequences . 
  for me , i think abortion is passable until the 6-7th week becuase by that time you missed your period and should have taken a pregnancy test then made the appointment and got the job done if you messed it up you messed up for good unless your life is in serious danger because of the pregnancy . 
  if there is no risk in giving that second kidney i would not wa n't them to be forced , but i would wa n't them to be punished if they had caused the loss of the kidney and then denied to give one of thair own . 
  so , what are we doingw hen one wo n't / ca n't consent ? 
  haha , this fear mongering about assault weapons is ridicoulus , do you know how many legally purchased assault weapons ( eg . 
  ar-15 ) were used in mass shootings ? 
  so when does is stop being ok ? 
  is 7th month ok ? 
  so , wich one of the siamese twins do we kill ? 
  since we cant expect them to live years shackled to another human . 
  yea thats also whats killing me the most about anarcho captialists . 
  saying its the absolute democracy because you vote with your money ? 
  and if all of wales unites behind the labour party it 's the same with the uk . 
  thats how democracy works , it 's the dictatorship of the majority .
