  sure . . 
  examples of `` our '' parochialism then , please . 
  you will need to find an awful lot to outweigh our historical ( recent and ancient ) contribution to the planet . 
  i voted remain , just so you know , but this high pitched whine of self-loathing from a vocal minority comes across as cloying and sickly . 
  i think you 're somewhat missing my point . . but ok !, 
   we have our interests to preserve after all . 
  which is , of course fine , and not related to what we 're discussing . 
  my point still stands . 
  you 're speaking in crass generalisations on behalf of 70m people . 
  this is true , but you 'll find we 're more closely aligned than you think even in modern times !, 
   the wiki article on the alliance is interesting , have a look . 
  we 're good buds , one or two blips notwithstanding !, 
  ah it 's you again adevland . 
  i should have known better than to reply to your post ... sorry . 
  have a good day !, 
   not to mention barely anyone in the uk would describe themselves as european , so much so that when we say europe like `` britains relationship with europe '' , we are excluding ourselves from the term `` europe '' . 
  again with the `` we '' . 
  get off your knees ... seriously . 
   the alliance is no longer important well . . defence seems to be a sore point with the eu at the moment , so i would n't be so sure . 
   we prefer to ally ourselves with the eu . 
  ^ ^ the eu does not prevent member states from holding allegiances with other countries !, 
  lol ... 
  good point . 
   people can be naive at times but if you do n't think it was a deliberate leek from juncker 's camp then you are going beyond nivity . 
  of course it 's not naivety . 
  it 's willful blindness . 
   it wants free trade with all the benefits and no responsibility . 
  a tired old meme with no basis in reality . 
   portugal would n't be your ally this time . 
  so you would obviously lose !, 
  :-p why ?!, 
  our alliance is about the oldest one in the world , and still going !, 
  who gets to go first when picking teams ? 
   two years ... 
  i am already fed-up of this propangada , from both sides . 
  we already had months and months ' worth before the referendum ... now it will continue for years . 
  best thing is just to stop reading the guardian , which is utterly obsessed with the issue . 
   britain 's always been like this , delusional to both project and accept any image contrary . 
  we are a deeply parochial people . 
  attitude extends to foreigners , to other member states of the uk , even between regions with each state . 
  speak for yourself ... britain has always been pretty outward looking throughout its history . 
  self-loathing is a really ugly look . 
   this is why r/europe is not the sub for british people who get offended by the other side 's view of this divorce . 
  a different way to look at it is pure surprise at the amount of bile thrown our way over it . 
  if that 's `` the other side 's view '' then what does that say ? 
   more anglophobic stereotyping ? 
  this author does nothing else . 
  read his back catalogue in the guardian . 
  more invective from joris luyendijk . 
  his articles really are dripping with hate . 
  he hates britain ( england specifically ) with a passion . 
   the jury is still out on the long game . 
  of course this is true , but ukip 's raison d'etre is exiting the eu . 
  in that regard , they 've won . 
   labour seems to be filled with people that escaped mental institutions . 
  sadly , yes . 
  we have no effective opposition , and may could easily have a 150 + majority come the end of june . 
   she also plays the race card every time she is criticised . 
  having said that , she has suffered a lot of racist abuse on twitter . 
  she has also had to publicly apologise for racist comments she has made in public . 
  yes she 's actually jerry 's ex-lover . 
  she is electoral kryptonite . 
  just search for her racist gaffes on google and you 'll be blown away . 
  she can not get near the levers of power . 
   but what is the scoop with abbott ? 
  she 's outed herself as a racist on more than one occasion . 
  [ see this article as a starter for ten ] ( http://news.sky.com/story/diane-abbotts-history-of-gaffes-10482258 ) . 
  bear in mind that 's six years old . 
  since then [ footage of her claiming chairman mao did `` more good than harm '' emerged ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2015/11/27/diane-abbott-said-on-balance-mao-did-more-good-than-harm_n_8660910.html ) . 
  yet there are people [ edit : not in this sub ] saying this criticism is due to racism and sexism . 
  they probably wonder why their views are now being rejected at the ballot box the world over . 
  edit : this is to say nothing of the way she was humiliated by national radio plodder nick ferrari this week . 
  [ see here for details ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/election-2017-39775693 ) . 
   it 'll make them unelectable and kill the party but they got power !!!, 
  yup ... just not the kind of power they can use to help the less fortunate . 
  remains to be seen . 
  maybe it 'll work out well . 
  ukip have accomplished their mission . 
  they won . 
  and now we will all pay for having people like corbyn and abbott on the front bench for labour !, 
  total clowns . 
  how i wish one of the ` coups ' had worked . 
  well , who knows ? 
  neither you or i know for a fact what will happen . 
  i will happily admit i voted the wrong way if brexit goes well . 
  i feel like i 'm in a minority though . 
  edit : not to even bother addressing the point that many brexit voters ' economic interests probably align with leaving the european union . 
  depends how far you take them does n't it ? 
   but the average person in wallonia has probably more in common with a welsh person than a londoner . 
  i disagree . 
  i think i hold shared national heritage and common native language in higher esteem than you do , which is your call i guess . 
   the dude has came up with the 50 to 60 billions euros bill . 
  here is my guess : they did their homework and every single dime they ask is documented . 
  those numbers does n't come out of the blue . 
  beyond parody . 
  by your own logic , a person in brussels shares few interests with a person in wales ... and the average welsh person will generally have more in common with somebody from london than belgium . 
  most people in this country do not live in london . 
  so you sort of answered your own question . 
   they are a bit worried for the brits gee thanks . 
  i 'm sure our society will somehow manage .
