  the mail can go hang as far as i 'm concerned . 
  how long ago was `` hurrah for the blackshirts '' ? 
  what was the political backdrop at the time ? 
  may as well say the tories are unfit for government now because of chamberlain 's policy of appeasement . 
  grow up !, 
  do you think it 's being fascist , or taking the piss ? 
  i mean come on mate , seriously . 
   rational people are n't the daily mail 's target demographic though . 
  no , that 's right . 
  every single person who reads that paper is completely irrational . 
   it 's not tongue in cheek . 
  the daily mail is very sincere in its fascist leanings . 
  so sincere that they can play the faux outrage card at the drop of a hat , like no one else . 
  there is no hope for you . 
  fair enough . 
  i think they 'll definitely increase their # of seats too . 
  it 'll be interesting to see who they take them from . 
   but when the `` far right '' is actually on the doorstep , the daily mail will be cheering them on . 
  like they did in the past . 
  possibly , who knows ? 
  some uk papers cheer on `` the far right '' already . 
  without wanting to derail the thread , the guardian is vehement in its excuse of certain far right ideologies ( but not others , weirdly ) . 
   you think the mail is tongue in cheek , try looking beyond the headlines at the content of their opinion pieces . 
  the hatred and bile spewed there is as vehement as anything you 'll read . 
  you get the same level of hatred in guardian opinion pieces , it 's just spewed in different directions . 
  your name is disgraceful . 
   i think you may be overstating the issue . 
  you reckon ?!?!!????!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!, 
   `` we wun get ovr it '' i voted remain . 
  you 're making yourself , and my country , look stupid by posting such ott crap . 
  save it for / r/unitedkingdom , seriously . 
   the brexit process is increasingly presented as a war by the uk media and establishment . 
  sweeping statement based on reading a few newspaper headlines . 
   there 's a sense among many uk posters on this site that britain is besieged by the rest of the eu . 
  well most uk citizens are sensible enough to realise that an echo chamber on reddit = / = real life . 
  however , on here , uk posters are certainly ` besieged ' as you put it . 
  if europeans irl behaved as they do on here , there would be no tourism industry in europe . 
  the toxicity is just unbelievable . 
  what 's this based upon ? 
   20 is pretty good by lib dem standards today 's lib dems ' standards , yes . 
   as if you needed more evidence that little englanders and erdogan supporters are exactly the same people with the exact same attitudes . 
  its a wonder they hate turkey so much when theyd love the uk to be the same grow up mate . 
   i 'm sensing a pattern here ... me too . 
  people are overreacting and making themselves look a bit silly . 
   indeed , but running a negative campaign was never going to stoke much enthusiasm for the remain side . 
  many leavers felt passionate about the issue , whereas many remainers , were reluctant and just narrowly voted to stay . 
  you are 100 % correct , and i voted remain . 
  why you have been downvoted for this i have no idea . 
   the english are nothing if not hypocritical . 
  up-voted for this xenophobic nonsense . . because it 's anti-english . 
  says a lot about / r/europe !, 
   while the first reaction to seeing the cover was a hearty laugh good start . . this is really the purpose of such a ridiculous headline . 
  at least one person has twigged that it is n't meant to be taken at face value . .  this kind of language really is n't that much different from how erdogan has been labelling the opposition in turkey i spoke too soon then . 
   that 's some fine propaganda - the ones who used lies and fear and ultra-nationalism to sabotage the remain side are using more of the same tactics to slander their opposition . 
   christ alive . 
   fuck me , that 's something else . 
  english media is the only thing capable of making me look fondly at bild . 
  they would n't dream of shit like this . 
  most people will roll their eyes at this and laugh ( aka not take it seriously ) . 
  it 's clickbait designed to wind up a specific , po-faced type of person . 
  yes , i 'm talking about the posters speaking of fascism and the rule of law on this thread . 
   i mean , it 's pretty much clickbait & morons magazine it 's certainly clickbait . 
  they sell copies by triggering/sticking two fingers up at the overly-sensitive . 
  the reaction from this sub tells you all you need to know !, 
   far right you do n't really know what you 're talking about . 
  keep saying `` far right '' and people will not pay attention when `` far right '' is actually on the doorstep . 
  the dm is self-aware in its role as a tongue-in-cheek - tabloid gossip column . 
  they relish the fact that people get so wound up by their headlines . 
  it 's like feeding a troll . 
   honestly , wow . 
  this looks fascist as fuck . 
  really ... ? 
  i think most rational people probably see this is somewhat tongue in cheek . 
  at the very least it 's the physical equivalent of clickbait . 
  it 's amazing that you 've been so heavily downvoted for this . 
  really shows what this sub is all about !, 
  most british people will look at this , laugh , and roll their eyes . . including those who actually like the mail . 
  what is more funny is seeing how triggered people are on this sub !!, 
  the sense of ` humour ' only goes one way on here . 
  pathetic , is n't it ? 
  back to the student union son . 
  that offensive music is n't going to ban itself . 
  i agree , but it does n't invalidate what i said . 
  bombing is still an act of war . 
  lot 's of angry downvotes coming from those macbooks !, 
  then straight on to twitter or fb to complain about how / r/europe is not a safe space , and how triggered they are at the lack of ` wokeness ' on this sub . 
  given how the guardian likes to position itself with voters . . it 's certainly ridiculous that they give this author so regular a platform . 
  you 're the one talking about conspiracies , not me . 
  posted above , but so you know ... [ nougayrede is a bilderberg attendee . 
  ] ( http://www.bilderbergmeetings.org/participants2014.html ) the guardian is not a credible left wing source ... it is neo-lib at best . 
  it 's more apt to describe it as the daily mail 's anti-hero . 
  nougayrede has a serious agenda . 
  [ she attended the 2014 bilderberg meeting , for example . 
  ] ( http://www.bilderbergmeetings.org/participants2014.html ) you have to seriously examine everything she says through that lens . 
  [ nougayrede is a bilderburg attendee . 
  ] ( http://www.bilderbergmeetings.org/participants2014.html ) the fact that she now poses in the guardian opinion pages shows just how low that pathetic rag has sunk . 
   it hope it was so loud that all the old people heard it from the youth that has its privileges stolen ... hysterical . 
  how about neither ? 
  they will not give up the title of `` worst cesspool on the net '' lightly . 
   remain voters effectively do n't exist here nearly 40 % of scotland voted leave .
