  come on old bean , i say you 're living in the past . 
  if it were 1913 you 'd have every right to be a tad on the worried side . 
  nobody is worried about etc etc etc. 
  rewind to 1913 . 
  repeat . 
  i am no friend of our national media . 
  i 'm more amazed at the hatred we get on here . 
  i left the guardian comment section because of the hatred on display . 
  here it 's just as bad !, 
   personally i think your media will be focusing on your economic problems . 
  who knows ? 
  maybe things will pick up after we leave . . nobody can say for sure . 
  agreed . 
  maybe we can get the us involved to help us out though . 
  maybe even the russians if they do n't like the way things are going in europe . 
  ffs . 
  i agree that political union is needed first , but i do n't agree that it 's way far off into the future . 
  even if it is ... the problem exists in the future . 
  the lack of self awareness in your comment is incredible . 
   ( although it certainly wo n't match what the uk media do to europe ) the uk media does n't demonise europe , it demonises the eu !, 
   my instinct is to tell you to get the fuck out now and then to kick the door shut behind you . 
  if this is the kind of reaction we get , is it any wonder our media demonises the eu ? 
   better to be the small , weak country in close geographical proximity to the powerful bloc with a large army , right ? 
  did you actually just type that ???? 
  in the uk saying `` har de har '' is n't really meant to convey salt . . it 's more like , `` yeah , yeah , very funny guys '' . 
  out of interest ... why are people on here so desperate for scotland to leave the uk and rejoin the eu ? 
   the uk leaving is breaking it up . 
  do n't you see that ??? 
  it 's not just about the uk and what it wants . 
   this conflicts with the narrative about how unimportant the uk is/will become post-brexit . 
  which is it really ? 
  when did the eu become europe ?!, 
  i completely missed it . 
  history shows that large blocs of countries in charge of large armies in geographical proximity to each other leads to tension . 
  it 's not a lack of trust in euro partners . 
  it 's a lack of trust in human nature . 
  yes it 's a waste of everybody 's time . 
  imagine if european leadership ends up taking a decisive move to the right ... in charge of a massive eu army . 
  shudder . 
  do n't say it could n't happen . 
  it really could . 
  i did n't see you made this point before i posted above . 
  100 % correct . 
   because there is quite a difference between `` displaying your best wares '' and threatening to be willing to put other nations citizens lives at risk . 
  what happens if i lose my job and i end up dying of exposure on the street . . all because the eu gave us a terrible trade deal ? 
  if you 'll excuse the reductio ad absurdum , we end up in similar situations . 
  the uk is 100 % correct to `` display its wares '' in this instance . 
   i hope uk understands that all this posturing just needs one attack that could have been prevented by their intelligence . 
   to play devil 's advocate ... how would anybody know if we did n't share it ? 
   iam afraid all those small amounts will add up in the end :( let 's just give up and let it happen then , shall we ? 
   you 're just kicking the can down the road to godwin 's law applying which is tiring for all involved . 
  again , it 's just disappointing . 
  the guy really hates the uk , if you read his other comments . 
  no use debating . 
   it 's not that they do n't bother watching , it 's that they do n't see ( spy on their citizens ) in which case there is no moral issue in giving up the uk intel contribution . 
  the thought actually gives me the shivers . 
   we do not want our intelligence agencies to spiral out of control . 
  but happy to use the intel of those that have . . ? 
   what seems to need to happen is that we come to some sort of mutual agreement where we get some stuff we want in exchange for the eu getting some stuff it wants . 
  more fun to pretend that children run the world , and that both sides will run off home with their respective footballs . 
  why would the us need to share intel on merkel 's phone conversations with the eu ? 
  yes , it 's one of those things people would rather not get their hands dirty on . 
  good job somebody does , though . 
  yes , i know , the eu is blemish-free on this issue . 
  it still is . 
  the city has been bleeding jobs in much greater numbers for a decade + . 
  i would know . 
  this is not even really news . 
  yes , we know . 
  it 's blackmail when the uk holds cards , but hard home truths about cherry picking when the eu holds them . 
  not with the sniffer dogs we will be employing ... amirite ? 
  you mean you do n't want all of the reinsurance brokers packing your bars until 1am every week night ? 
  yeah that , and deutsche signing a 25 year lease on a hq building in moorgate for example . 
  massively downplayed or even ignored . 
   dude , you brought it up . 
  :|  i am talking about the societal investment italy made in her education/training ... which is then lost to the uk . 
  it has nothing to do with exchange students . 
  sorry . . this has obviously been somewhat lost in translation . 
   you 're ignoring the fact that italy is not the only country doing this . 
   while italy receives foreign students , it sends out its own . 
  that 's why it 's called a foreign student exchange program . 
   what a country pays for foreign students , other countries pay back for their students . 
   the erasmus program has been doing this for 30 years . 
  and it is a huge success for all participating parties . 
   again , you have a very limited point of view . 
  this is pretty much a dead discussion because it lacks any credibility , but i have no idea why you brought exchange students into it . 
  it has literally nothing to do with your initial claim , or the claims i made . 
  i do n't usually say this online . . but what a moronic comment . 
  as a city worker since basically just before lehman went bust ... this is nothing . 
  this is much smaller than the bloodbath in the city over the past decade . 
  i would n't call it an exodus . 
  the bbc said 11 % of its business is eu-dependent , so it 'll likely be a small subsidiary office . 
  this is a remarkably simplistic understanding of what is happening . 
  lisbon is probably my favourite city behind edinburgh . 
  i would like to see some trade deals with african agricultural centres . 
  i think it will be a huge boost to both parties . 
  either way the statement was incorrect . 
  many of our closest are not in the eu . 
   your whole point for trying to dismiss this is that the figure did n't come from a government official . 
  no . . you brought government officials into it .
