  obvious troll . 
  hence my edit below . 
  edit . . not even going to respond to this troll . 
  downvoted for no reason . 
  you are right . 
  surveillance demonstrably works to stop terrorist attacks . 
  i ca n't believe you posted that and actually meant it . 
  edit : the fact that this has been downvoted is a bit ridiculous ... it 's a fact . 
  why else would intelligence sharing be such a hot topic in europe ? 
  i will be voting accordingly . 
  i 'm also sick of this . 
  time to make my vote count i think . 
  doubtless `` that 's what they want '' . 
  good well now they 'll fucking get it . 
  do n't want to offend them do we ? 
  for fucks sake :( sad to say it , but i 'm not sure who to vote for . 
  i think my vote now goes to whoever 's willing to deal with the elephant in the room . 
   if you use it as `` negotiating card '' then it 's pretty shitty thing to do . 
  as has been repeated over and over , may wanted to do deals with eu states to sort this out before negotiations begin . 
  google it . 
  she was told to get lost , much like cameron was before the referendum . 
  the uk is not the `` bad guy '' here . 
   a lot of banks are moving their european headquarters . 
  citations needed here i think . 
  yep , this `` exodus '' from london has been happening piecemeal for a decade or more !, 
  that there is a lot of work to do should the eu truly wish to open itself up as a centre for capital markets . 
  somewhere like frankfurt is more realistic , but the cost of moving an entire operation to somewhere that is n't much cheaper is not worth it for most banks . 
  or certainly not for the ones i 've advised . 
  yes , it has absolutely nothing to do with the conversation about eu capital markets . 
  what 's the point in that ? 
  sgp is super expensive too and it does n't benefit from spanning time zones . 
  amazed you 're getting so downvoted here ( well actually i 'm not ) . 
  just gon na leave [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/global_financial_centres_index ) here for your amusement . 
  the next eu ` financial centre ' below london is lux , coming in at a stonking # 18 on the global index : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/global_financial_centres_index, 
   what about that couple of million brits living in spain ? 
  this is another meme used to beat the british , and is horse shit . 
   yeah but you , as an englishman , can go into those shops , if you so choose and buy things and speak in english and no one will bat an eye . 
  that 's very good of you , thanks . 
   you 're free to send them back . 
  really ? 
  r/europe keeps telling us that holding on to that negotiating card is really really horrid and racist . 
   even stratfor says u.s. will have secessionist issues in california in some 50 years . 
  i , for one , welcome our new ncr overlords . 
   afaik a non-trivial share of turkish ladies do not speak german at all [ we have a similar phenomenon in the uk . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-35338413 ) a direct quote :  the government says 22 % of muslim women living in england speak little or no english - a factor it argues is contributing to their isolation . 
   i think that future europe is the europe of classes divided by money and connections . 
  bottom class multicultural and divided so that it ca n't rebel . 
  upper classes maintaining their culture of choice . 
  all voted for by the useful idiots of the middle class . 
   the uk is one of the best in the world at combating terrorism and foiling attacks . 
  however you 're right , the uk is a top target although i think we are less vulnerable than france / germany / belgium etc. 
  yep , gchq and the sea are our best friends in this regard . 
  why does it need to get nasty at all ? 
  that 's my whole point . 
   with my remark that the eu wants to preserve its interests i wanted to point to the fact that the situation more or less necessitates a siege mentality to some degree - on both sides . 
  whilst i agree that this is what 's happening , i do n't think it necessary . 
  in fact i think it 's destructive . 
   i know i wanted britain to stay and to continue to be part of the european project but now that you made that decision i definitely hope the eu will be tough during the negotiations . 
  this makes it sound like a cult ... . it turns people off . 
  it 's a weird feeling to read this sub as a remain voter and see how much abuse my country gets . 
  just thought i 'd try some of jean-claude 's banter on for size !, 
  edit : the fact that i understood your post perfectly says it obviously has reach . . 
  i never lived in france but learnt it for 12 years at school ( and loved it ) . 
  lol, 
   plusieurs this is something of a stretch my friend ... certainly speaking relatively . 
   the anglophilia of northern european countries is singular not only in europe but in the world in general . 
  you guys heavily invested in english ; that 's great , but do n't expect the rest of europe/world to follow your lead . 
  flair checks out . 
   can appreciate the wind up though . 
  like i can when farage does similar . 
  although i guess i would n't want the pm being so silly . 
  yup , farage is a sideshow clown with no authority . 
  juncker is the commission president ... image that . 
  wow . 
  i happen to love portugal and everybody i met whilst i was there . 
  no , i do n't think anybody could care less which languages the eu uses . 
  it 's more the constant digs coming from the guy . 
  he snipes away , then accuses the uk of stirring up trouble ... it 's really not constructive . 
  unpleasant even . 
   for me he is just doing his job in the service of eu . 
  but my dear troll brigade ... surely the eu 's job is not to fuck over other countries as a deterrent ?!?!, 
  that is n't very nice at all . 
   i 'm not convinced that the uks influence is , or has ever been , derived from its eu membership . 
  i think where it 's ` influence ' ( which probably is n't quite the right word ) might be strained is when it comes to negotiating big trade deals with countries like the us . 
  plus nato , which will not be going away . 
   i think the great danger to the eu is that ultimately brexit will probably be a success in the sense that even if the uk suffers economically for the next decade , at some point things will bounce back . 
  yeah this is exactly what i 've been saying to people . 
  to speak to some you 'd think we 're about to become a mad max society . 
  edit : good post . 
   the 3 people that i know voted leave never engaged in anything , i think they were afraid of the backlash of others . 
  given your posts on this subject , can you really blame them ? 
  food for thought : the eu is apparently very keen to hang on to the fruits of gchq 's labour . 
  perhaps it 's just that we 're prepared to get our hands dirty where others will not . 
   i prey on ignorance . 
  such as people who do n't the difference between `` to troll '' as a verb , which means to bait , and `` troll '' as a substantive , which is a slow , gentle creature , only rarely feasting on the random , innocent passerby . 
   funniest post i 've read all day !, 
  top trolling from jc . 
  what a class a clown !, 
   many english people really like to pass off deeply insulting comments about foreigners as `` just banter '' , while they are incredibly offended at the lightest of light jokes about brexit . 
   where are these deeply insulting comments ?
