  it 's a vocal minority . 
  most brits do not whine like that !, 
   perhaps it 's the infighting that the left not only in the uk but worldwide has been suffering from that 's weakened us so much . 
  i 'd say it 's more that left wing politics has been co-opted by people obsessed with identity politics  all else . 
  the in-fighting is a by-product of that , and inevitable if we do n't want that as the new normal . 
  what a spanner ... 
  i also did n't know about casualuk , thanks !, 
  it 's another popular meme used to bash the uk . 
  as i said above , wait until a continental country elects an actual representative of the right , and people will drop it . 
   why would you care about fairly representing this country 's shitty , shitty majority opinions on an internet posting site ? 
  my irony detector just exploded . 
   maybe the sad truth then is that the country is a right wing hell hole too . 
  i 'm pretty liberal and it 's absurd to call it a `` right wing hell hole '' . 
  people just need to get some perspective . 
  when we get an actual right winger elected on the continent ( not if ) , maybe people over here will stop beating themselves up so much ) . 
   i 'd say it 's a no-go-zone for tories and brextieers , but it 's also a no-go-zone for anyone whose up for any sort of political discussion . 
  it 's like the guardian comments section . 
  i 've stopped reading that paper and stopped commenting on the site , just because it was a nasty place to be . 
   they think we are right-wing , bordering on far-right . 
  that is the ludicrous nature of left wing politics in the uk at the moment . 
  it 's pretty much in the toilet . 
  i 'm pretty liberal , and i hate what these hysterical lunatics are doing to my chances of having a liberal government . 
   dirty foreigners are n't allowed . 
  needless comment . 
   displaying any sort of national pride will immediately be connected to some how being racist or xenophobic . 
  yep , this is true . 
  it 's not just the sub though , it 's the fake progressive movement in this country in general ... you know ... the ` no-platforming germaine greer/banning sombreros in the student union ' types . 
  the uk sub is occasionally a bit of a self-parody ( e.g. 
  people saying they will dress in black the day we triggered art 50 ) ... but it 's not as bad as some of the others . 
  the russian one sounds awful , for `` worse '' reasons , as does the norwegian one . 
   as he said ( paraphrased ) in the thread you linked to `` you are invited to my house , do n't overstep my boundaries '' . 
  lol what ? 
  how come beer is so expensive over there ? 
  is it all tax ? 
   the swiss raclette was also awesome . 
  love this stuff . 
  they do it well in lyon too . 
  i think it 's what tourists call getting smashed in reykjavik on a friday or saturday night . 
  was pretty fun when i did it !, 
  i would n't be surprised if it was the guardian shit stirring as usual . 
  they love clickbait wording these days . 
  this was the strapline for their article :  divorce settlement must come before talks about future relationship , says chancellor , as eu leaders respond to article 50 letter, 
  i 'm being thick . 
  i 'm not sure i get you ? 
  if employers have no option , they will have to train people or take chances on them . 
  i 'd argue that the way it should be ... business should be training people , not just importing them at a lower cost . 
   we 're definitely going to be making a large payment at some point , but i highly doubt it 'll be the full 60 billion euros that 's been suggested . 
  i agree , i think that 'll be almost politically impossible for may to swallow . 
  you always aim high at the beginning of negotiations though . 
  tbh unless `` sufficient progress '' means `` complete '' , it contradicts what she said . 
  i actually agree that it 's a difficult one . 
  you can either have non-contributory welfare , or free movement , but not both indefinitely . 
  it was one of the big talking points during the brexit referendum . 
  well this is / r/europe after all , 
  if the runtur is anything to go by , i believe you . 
  he 's more likely to be the subject of a pe column to be honest ... 
  whoever said we have freedom of speech in europe ? 
  lol , 
   the eu has outlined its strategy for brexit negotiations , suggesting talks on a trade deal could begin once `` sufficient progress '' is made on a separation settlement with the uk . 
  does n't this directly contradict what merkel said yesterday ? 
  that sub is absolutely ridiculous . 
  if you think people here hate the english , you ai n't seen nothing yet . 
  it 's pretty synonymous , yes . 
  especially in modern day parlance , where criticising a belief system can be called ` hate speech ' . 
  because ranting at people does n't work . 
  we have 1.6 m unemployed , not including people on zero hours contracts . 
  one of the most patronising things i 've ever read . 
   i cant stand this brexit lot . 
  and that includes my own parents . 
  hatred will get you nowhere . 
   i just think some of the more hard-core eu ideologues want us to become a backwater . 
  unquestionably true . 
  you only need to read some of less well-adjusted folk on this sub !, 
  it 's just some brexiters , not all . 
  i wub germany too !, 
  i really hope you guys win . 
  this is not a new discovery , but risotto al salto in milan is about the best thing i 've ever eaten . 
  can not wait to go back to italy . . lol . 
  i can not recommend it highly enough . 
  it 's a brilliant game . 
  the most fun playthrough i had of dishonored was a role play as `` the angel of death '' . 
  i killed every single killable npc in the game . 
  literally all of them . 
  amazingly for a bethesda game it did n't break it !, 
  pathetic . 
  did you play the original dishonored ? 
  i felt they tried to balance it by loading the later levels with hundreds of enemies . 
  the problem was that it became too easy to cheese them by flashing onto a roof and chucking grenades at groups of them . 
  stealth be damned when you were n't role playing it . 
  it was still fun though !, 
  so for example ... the fight in front of the power station in fallout nv . 
  in the mode below hardcore the legion fucked me so hard first time i did it ( i was playing ncr ) . 
  i felt their weapons did so much damage , even though they had spears and i had guns . 
  why ?!? 
  more copypasta . 
  i voted remain . 
  you 're just ranting for no reason about the breakup of the uk . 
  this is a subject about which you know nothing , so i 'm just saying it 's best to stop ranting about it . 
  cool . 
  do you comment on the racism you see in other countries ?
