  they probably already have one planned . 
  certainly not on this sub . 
   only if we let them . 
  this means everything and nothing . 
  so do you think the student union gagging its own paper in the high court is something excusable by ` context ' ? 
  how about banning content a few committee members do n't happen to like ( e.g. 
  nestle , a song ) ? 
   in order to establish large-scale wealth redistribution in europe you need to form a federal state . 
  is n't this where the eu needs to head if financial stability for all is to be achieved ? 
  shameful is n't it ? 
  [ here 's a webarchive link , as the live ones have been removed it seems . 
  ] ( https://web.archive.org/web/20130208072341/http://www.journal-online.co.uk/article/10094-editorial-i-may-not-like-what-you-say ), 
  i am indeed aware . 
  i was responding to an incorrect blanket statement about the us saving europe . 
  consumer capitalism ? 
  lifted lots of people out of poverty . 
  agreed . 
  does this mean the eu is irreparably hamstrung ? 
  the eu needs to massively step up active transfer of wealth between countries to prevent this sort of thing . 
  with a short video hidden away in the depths of its website ? 
  i do n't think this is really meant as an attack on europe . 
   if i recall it was n't too long ago we saved all of europe ... russia takes most of the plaudits for that , although obviously the two front war made things much harder for hitler . 
  i 'm guessing they would have looked into it way before then if they wanted to vote , no ? 
   why are a load of non french people telling french people how to vote ? 
  this is like [ the guardian campaign to send letters to american voters imploring them not to vote for bush ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/3981823.stm ) . 
  edit : added link to text, 
  you can say that again . 
  my old student union recently banned a song it did n't like , banned sombreros , banned dressing like pocohontas , and used the court of session to shut down an ` unwelcome ' article about a senior union member in the student newspaper . 
  actually ... these are all pretty fascist actions . 
  maybe they 're not so far away after all . 
   the poster forgot that every other country in europe has limits about secession movements . 
  definitely liechtenstein is not the normal rule i 'm not going to disagree with this statement . 
  i guess the point is that it 's possible to break things down to a very granular level , if the will is there . 
  anyway i 'm putting words in their mouth now , so i 'll stop . 
  sadly , i doubt you can do any better . 
   after walking through the door at this event . 
  i was instructed to select a colored wrist band to wear , where the color was to indicate my availability status to others . 
   red : no chance why would you go to a dating event just to announce your unavailability ? 
  it 's like dangling a roast dinner in front of somebody on a hunger strike . 
   catalonia is not in liechstenstein . 
  the poster is making the point that liechtenstein does not have a limit . 
  is immigration the main issue driving the fn , do you think ? 
  i 've read that some of their social policy could be said to be fairly left wing . . 
  carmeron is about the dodgiest dave around ... 
   they 'll probably increase their number of seats but i do n't know by how much . 
  might have a fiver on the lib dems to double their number of seats and the tories to gain a majority of 80 + ... 
  exciting !, 
  sadly , i think the opposition will take a pounding just when we need them the most . 
  but there could be some interesting stuff coming out of it ... lib dem resurgence maybe ? 
  i 'm slowly backing away now . 
   is n't there some clarkson you could be watching anyway ? 
  apparently he 's attacking that darned pc nonsense gone mad again ... christ alive . 
   would you really ( well , your government ) cut ties like that due to brexit ? 
  i 'd imagine britain would still be on good terms with neighbouring and friendly countries this is what will ultimately happen , because it 's in everybody 's benefit . 
  there really is no point . 
  i 've learnt that the hard way !, 
   so again , take a look in the mirror . 
  you 're the one drawing false equivalencies and generalizations and making things up left and right . 
  textbook hypocrite . 
  please help me out here then . 
  how ? 
  and my `` conduct in this thread '' ?!!, 
  get off your high horse . 
  opinions you do not agree with = / = bad conduct . 
   m\u00e9lenchon scares me way more than le pen . 
  i ca n't believe people consider him remotely acceptable . 
  i do n't know much about him . 
  what about him is unacceptable ? 
   i 'd say you 're living in interesting times but given your post history in this thread you 'd probably agree and chalk that up to islam invading the country instead of the political class exploiting the situation to grab power and serve special interests . 
  this kind of passive aggressive , patronising rubbish is one of the main reasons we have brexit/trump/chance of far right leaders on the continent . 
  you do not speak for the left !, 
   if you listen only to r/europe you 'll come away believing china is a beacon of democracy , human rights and world peace . 
   it 's really weird . 
  true , but luckily this sub is not representative of reality . 
  agreed . 
   you feel like it 's your duty to defend the uk , but you fail to realize how dumb and hypocritical it is . 
   do you extend that to anybody of any nationality defending their country or culture ? 
  if not ... again , you 're a hypocrite . 
   so , again . 
  you 're the best showcase for the uk having a lot of whiners . 
  you obviously have n't been to / r/unitedkingdom . 
   back to the daily heil you old coot . 
   how is calling dissent traitorous not trying to stifle it ? 
  because the dm does not definitively decide what is traitorous and what is n't . 
  just as the guardian does not get to decide what is racist or sexist , and what is n't . 
  we live in a free country where people can openly disagree with news sources ( as i do on both of these counts ) . 
  if people were being rounded up for voting remain/treason , i would agree with you ( from prison ) . 
   it 's not an attack on the uk , its people or its institutions to attack the daily mail for being a trash-tier newspaper . 
   the frustration is n't just from this thread , to be fair . 
   however , that does n't matter for you in your blinded hypocritial duty . 
  this makes no sense . 
   so you 're saying that the daily mail is just pretending to be retarded ? 
  quite a funny way of putting it actually . 
  yes , i reckon they 're cynical in how they do it !, 
  i do n't think it 's being widely reported though . 
  may get away with it . 
   but plenty of dm people talking and cheered about cockroaches drowning in the mediterranean and other horrible things . 
  well there 's no way for you to substantiate this because such comments would be removed quickly . 
  it 's not evidence for what you 're saying . 
   because facts show that ( some ) of the leave vote was related to racism ?
