  i suppose the difference is that i like to question all sources , even the ones i agree with . 
  neither of those two individuals will be involved . 
   just that so many countries will do better , and the brits not able to solve their problems and getting more and more irrelevant and poor . 
  it 's this arrogance that turns so many people off . 
  for shame . 
  the eu ai n't looking all that rosy from an economic standpoint ... well you guys are , but everybody else not so much ( france included ) . 
  the growth is mostly happening outside of the eu . 
  i say this as a remain voter . 
   that is true . 
  but if the most vocal majority of your position is racist old fuckers again , this is quite an assertion and not backed up by a shred of evidence . 
   you are finally leaving europe , yay !, 
  sorry to disappoint you but the eu = / = europe . 
  i 'm interested to see how the eu negotiators manage competing national interests on the eu side . 
  what does the united future look like to you ? 
  great , you sound brilliant . 
  most people do not experience such landlords . . including me , in 14 years of renting across 3 cities . 
  of course not all landlords are evil . 
  i do think that renting from the state rather than the private market should be an option for everyone , however . 
   as far as i can tell i 'm spreading the contents of the article you linked . 
  again , the relevant part of the article i linked to is motivation of the attack . 
  your quote was n't relevant to the discussion , honestly . 
   additionally , you seem to have me confused with someone else as my former post was the first one in this conversation . 
  yeah that 's true - apologies , 
   sorry dude , i 'm not the one saying racists brexiters are only a meme . 
  but i guess it 's easy for you to say that . 
   i 'm not sure you really understood what i meant , but whatever . 
  i said `` racist elderly people voted for brexit '' is a meme , and then you went off on one about how eu nationals were killed because of brexit . 
  without a shred of evidence to back it up . 
   okay , let 's scratch that if you think it was n't . 
  how about this :  i , like you , do not know whether they were linked . 
  the cps and police do not think they were linked . 
  the op said `` some were even killed '' over this , which is the statement i took exception to . 
  and if we 're being honest , you 've picked two very ` questionable ' sources with clear agendas there to support your argument . 
  edit : just to add - even if we accept your sources , neither of them make the ludicrous claim you seem to be defending . 
  as you already know , my whole point is about the motivation behind the attack . 
  i suppose the manchester attack was ` just a bit of abh ' though ... nothing to worry about . 
  the harlow killing was not prosecuted as a hate crime . 
  you are spreading irresponsible and offensive lies . 
  please stop . 
  i do n't think anything i say will change your mind , but how about the failed attempts to have the cap reformed ? 
   some were even killed . 
  if you have evidence that the one killing was related to the referendum , you should contact the police . 
  they do not seem to think they were linked . 
  in fact , do you have any evidence that what you 've said is true ? 
  this . . on the other hand . . http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/brexit-supporter-attack-eu-referendum-european-union-remain-manchester-a7362956.html, 
  who knows . 
  my view is that it is in neither party 's interests to put up super-hard barriers , and i think ultimately this will be reflected in the settlement . 
   the uk however left without even trying . 
  hmmmmm ... ... 
  i 'm not so sure about that . 
   i have lived in the uk for the past 3 years , thanks . 
  i think i have a pretty good overview of the population . 
  no , living here for three years does not give you `` a pretty good overview of the population '' . 
   you voted over ideology and dogma . 
  i 'm quite rational about this . 
  you do n't know me , or how ( or why ) i voted ... what you 're saying is that there is no rational argument against the eu . 
  it 's a silly position to take . 
   could those of you tempted to jibe , make fun and act hostile towards the uk , and in particular the english , remember that this was a narrow vote , overwhelmingly disparate between the generations ? 
   also remember that not everybody who voted out is a racist lunatic . 
  there are genuine reasons to dislike the eu as is , even though i would rather not leave it . 
  the whole ` racist elderly people ' is a divisive and unfair meme . 
   it 's in everyone 's best interest to have a soft brexit , may herself wants it . 
  with ukip more or less dead , there would n't be much retribution in the voting booth . 
   agreed . 
   i 'm pretty torn between my euphoria and the occasional schadenfreude i feel thinking about what 's going to happen . 
   i would n't be so sure about `` what is going to happen '' . 
  nobody really knows . 
  do n't let dogma/ideology cloud your judgement . 
   absolutely no point in being excited either , but there you go . 
  i 'm sorry you ca n't see it that way . 
  i 'd rather be staying , but realistically we are n't heading to the mad max scenario most of the other 48 % seem to forsee . 
  as somebody who studied ec regs for a law degree , i 'm aware of this . 
  we will be able to work on the continent if employers can get us visas ... i.e. 
  exactly the same as 90 % of the countries in the world . 
  it 's not necessarily isolationism though , is it ? 
  why use such hyperbole ? 
  it devalues the discussion because people switch off . 
  for example , why ca n't we import from ` cheaper ' countries once eu restrictions are no longer in play ? 
  it 's not as black and white as you make it out to be . 
  besides which , age does not equal wisdom ... and you do n't know my age anyway . 
   so you tell me that england does not have prejudices or ignores how the eu functions ( while calling it an unelected , faceless dictatorship ) ? 
  or you tell me that there has been no casual racism towards eu nationals since the referendum ? 
  some people dislike the eu 's institutions . 
  some for valid reasons , some for invalid reasons . 
  i studied them for my law degree , and i like some and dislike others . 
  some people ( a very small minority in a population of 60m ) may have been xenophobic to eu nationals since the vote . 
  an overwhelming majority have not . 
  to make a blanket statement , like you have done , makes you just as bad as them . 
  that 's like linking to an article quoting berlusconi . 
  johnson is a known clown . 
  i think many people in fishing towns blame the cfp for their town/industry 's demise . 
  many folks competing for ever-rarer zero hours contracts blame the increase in unskilled labour . 
  many other folks blame an increase in competition for housing on the influx of folks from abroad . 
  you can argue that our government could have done things about this , but none of them have . 
  in fact , they 've all made it worse . 
  but when you 're presented with a vote on one of the perceived contributory factors , you 're tempted to vote against it . 
  true , i 'm not talking about that really . 
  i 'm not happy about the problems the eu faces , and i hope they can be solved even though member states are often at odds over what to do about it . 
   no more prosecco !, 
  we will be using our own wine as a bargaining chip mr discrepancy !,
