   oh god and the people knocking on the door two words : cattle prod . 
  nice sigh !, 
  i 'm regularly accused of being a brexit voter on here , in spite of voting for remain !, 
  great sub . 
   no different than stripping isis fighters of their citizenship . 
  grow up . 
  hard to tell whether this is a serious post . 
  i 'm going with `` no '' . 
  most 21 year olds have learnt not to behave that way . 
  i 'd say it 's mostly the newer , more radical elements of student union politics . 
  you know . . the type that ban blurred lines , sombreros , or men dressing up as women . 
  or ban nestle products , or no-platform germaine greer . 
  the list goes on and on . 
  you actually read that cancer-fest ?!, 
  it 's genuinely one of the worst places on the internet ... probably worse than most 4chan sub-forums . 
  this was my first thought too , 
   the party base loves him , the other party officials hate him . 
  and , crucially , the voters hate him . 
  she 's up against opposition that claimed mao `` did more good than harm on balance '' . 
  it 's insane . 
   people do n't vote when it rains ffs . 
  what does this say about students , if they will not take 20 mins to vote because they have an exam that week ? 
  to me it says that they do n't actually care that much about the outcome . 
   if you live in a safe seat so be it - but if you live in a marginal you have no right to complain . 
  yep i know all of the arguments against spoiling your ballot . 
  but when the dislike of all candidates overrides even them ... well ... you 're left with little choice . 
  yes i completely agree . 
  and i think that the people under the bombs deserve the respect of an investigation before action is taken . 
   it 's understandable that you do n't like the stereotype , but there is no need to be defensive when you disagree with the uk government . 
  what i dislike is that i can not `` stereotype '' ( as you lamely put it ) about other nations without being called bigoted or prejudiced . 
  fine to `` stereotype '' us though . 
   exam week too . 
  what a clever little fucking tactic . 
  fuck you . 
  people can vote in exam week . 
  it takes all of 20 mins . 
   wenger out hahaha , 
   why does n't labour drop corbyn before this election ends in a disaster for them ? 
  a couple of reasons . 
  firstly they 've tried to do this twice , by force , and failed . 
  if he left now then it would probably ruin the party 's credibility for ever . 
  secondly they have no viable alternatives . 
   you must also remember that the uk does not use a proportional system , it 's a winner-take-all vote based on small constituencies , you want want to google the constituency results for the referendum ... 
  excellent point . 
   we also know the regime used chemical weapons before , that in this situation the gas was dropped using air power . 
  since the only powers in the area that have this capability are either the syrians or the russians , it logically follows that the most likely perpetrators are those that have a motive and capacity to do so . 
   so does the us . 
  i 'd argue that the ` other side ' had far more motive to use them than assad . 
  he 's winning the war and does n't need to enrage the international community by using chem weapons . 
  given the downvotes i 'm receiving , we 're in a minority  lib dem landslide in the offing !, 
   what we need to hold up our international responsibilities and make chemical weapons use unacceptable . 
  can you publish this evidence that assad did it ? 
  you should also share it with the un . . they do n't seem to have any yet . 
   two wrongs do n't make a right but i guess i feel using gas on your own people is such a heinous crime it justifies a response of this nature . 
  so where 's the evidence ? 
   i 'm not . 
  the prospect of the us bombing countries without any proper investigation into what happened or any international consensus is fucking terrifying . 
  nobody has published evidence , but there are folks saying `` assad needed to be punished '' . 
  europe is full of people desperate to go to war . 
  it 's horrific . 
   what 's the point of this cheekiness ? 
  fuck off mate it 's a dog whistle to the anti-brit/english fervour prevalent in this sub . 
   i do n't understand this hate that reddit has for corbyn . 
  it 's not just this sub . 
  it 's the majority of people in the country . 
   hahahahahahahahhahahahahahahaha agreed . 
   it is on the map ? 
  they got the ball rolling on brexit , so yes . 
   i am glad something was done against these war criminals that are using chemical weapons on their own civilians . 
  cool . 
  i missed the publishing of the evidence , do you have a link ? 
  what a bizarre position to hold . 
  explain why ? 
  cool . 
  another war in the me is just what we need . 
   so you 'd rather may i assume - someone with her head so far up trump 's ass ? 
  i will probably spoil my ballot as usual . 
   easily half the voters are unhappy about it and many will vote against the tories for this very reason remain voters i have spoken to are not as rabid about it as those on reddit or the guardian website ( edit : myself included ) . 
  the rabid pack are a small minority . 
  i highly doubt tory remain voters would help to elect a labour government just to stop brexit . 
   labour needs to run on an `` abort brexit '' platform . 
  corbyn spent years criticising the eu . 
  this wo n't happen unless he leaves . 
   who really knows what the labour party want ... [ diane abbott would like to emulate chairman mao . 
  ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2015/11/27/diane-abbott-said-on-balance-mao-did-more-good-than-harm_n_8660910.html ) not sure about jezza ... he 's mia . 
  it 's suffering from very high demand , which has led to accusations of under-funding . 
  in honesty the system is not sustainable without some kind of contributory system ... which is what they 're moving towards . 
  farron has been calling for military action in syria , and supported trump 's bombing . 
  my comment was somewhat flippant , but farron is just another neo-lib warmonger ( \u00e1 lar blair ) , and nothing more . 
   im rooting for the lib-dems tim `` trump is fine when bombing syria '' farron has no credibility i 'm afraid . 
   but , that 's how the brits like it !, 
  sigh . 
  they are highly likely to increase their majority ... 
   i wonder if this early election call will hurt the tories a bit because of voter fatigue . 
  not when the opposition looks like this . 
  good political move by may . 
  she clearly thinks now is the time to go for labour 's jugular . 
  expect a bloodbath . 
  well i had two separate groups of athletico fans try to attack me in hamburg after the final fulham played in there . 
  and then another group in brussels on the way back .
