  you might dispute the facts , but on my previous account during the campaign i had a discussion with a guy about brexit and after we went through all the motions of immigration/sovereignty , he went `` well that does n't matter , as much as the most important thing , making gb white again '' now that does n't represent a majority of leave people i spoke with , but it was n't entirely a fringe element either . 
  all you 're saying is , `` it 's ok for the guardian to categorise people in this way , because in my opinion they 're right '' . 
  get my entire point now ? 
  as an aside , your conversations with nutcases on reddit are n't really evidence for what you 're saying . 
  i could just as easily copy and paste what you wrote , change a few words , and it would add just as much to the conversation . 
  you can usually tell by the tone of posts . 
  on here , it 's especially easy to tell given the way threads usually pan out . 
  the dm piece is , at the very least , melodramatic `` clickbait '' . 
  up to you whether that qualifies as `` tongue-in-cheek '' i guess . 
  if you think they are seriously advocating the crushing of opposition ... well ... 
   meanwhile , in lib dem land their leader just refused to say if he thinks being gay is a sin . . fuck . 
   are you serious ? 
   think you used a double negative here you did n't mean . 
  yes you 're right . 
   and plenty of people are willing to critize the guardian , that does n't mean it is remotely as shit as the dm . 
  i suppose shitness is in the eye of the beholder . 
  i think they both peddle division and hatred , just in different ways . 
  both can be equally damaging in the wrong hands . 
  i actually think the guardian played a significant part in brexit , as its messaging is usually inflammatory and almost always patronising . 
   yeah , you 're deflecting completely valid criticism of an indefensible practice because of your intention to defend the uk . 
  as i 've said in this thread , my annoyance is at the lack of balance in response . 
  people on here genuinely seem to believe that this is a fascist attempt to crush dissent ... incredible though that sounds . 
  somebody else pointed out that this is `` predictable '' on reddit . 
  i agree to an extent , but why should n't i point it out ? 
  as i 've also said , i do n't give a toss about the dm . . it can go hang as far as i 'm concerned , along with other news outlets . 
   you 're a goddamn pretentious hypocrite , nothing more . 
  why ... because i 'm tired of reading constant attacks on the uk , its people and its institutions ? 
  they run pretty regular articles linking the leave vote to racism , which amounts to the same thing `` on the other side '' really . 
  check out owen jones ' `` brexitland '' series , and read the comments under the articles . 
   but you just know what 's going on with me . 
  well your post calling the dm `` my fear mongering friends '' ( without knowing me ... back at ya ) certainly did n't give the impression of a balanced individual !, 
   you 're just a pretentious hypocrite . 
  my only pretense is that i 'm sick of the uk being mindlessly bashed on here . 
  i do n't care about whoring for up-votes . 
   i 'm sure this piece was ironic and understood by the readers as such . 
  / s i 'm sure you 're clever enough to distinguish between the 1930s and now , in terms of political backdrop . 
   you missed the point of how divisive this kind of fearmongering by the daily mail is . 
  even if you like to pull back to a neutral ground , you 're defending a cancerous practice . 
  if you apply the same standards to other news outlets , your comment is valid . 
  if not , you 're a hypocrite . 
  my bet is that you do n't . 
   so go and cry in a corner about how unfair the world is to your fearmongering friends . 
  grow up . 
  right , but sad . 
  hysterical . 
  not protecting it , no . 
  i just think has two sets of standards . 
  in fact i think it 's hard to find a news source that does n't . 
  my main gripe is that people are only unwilling to see the faults in media they disagree with . 
  christ . 
   `` do n't hate on my daily mail , weeeeeeeeeeeeeh '' so you missed the point entirely then . 
  i do n't read the indy , but the guardian certainly does n't spare the emotive language when talking about groups of people it does n't like . 
   no , i do n't like the stifling of dissent . 
  does a newspaper printing a ridiculous headline count as `` stifling dissent '' ? 
  does somebody expressing an opinion you do n't like on a political chat show count as stifling dissent ? 
  of course not . 
  these amounts to the same thing as redditors whingeing about being offended by a headline , and me being downvoted for disagreeing . 
  no dissent has been stifled . 
  it 's unlikely that person voted remain tbh . 
  well , take it at face value then mate . 
  it 's up to you . 
  i do n't think anybody is attempting to forbid anything are they ? 
  you just do n't like some of the opinions expressed . 
  please do n't turn this place into / r/unitedkingdom . 
  it makes us look like a nation of whingeing crybabies . 
  why do n't you get back to `` working for a living '' , rather than arguing ? 
  i agree that two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  i find the lack of balance on reddit quite funny though . 
  i bow to your superior knowledge of dm readers !, 
  you can say exactly the same of the guardian . 
  hehe , 
  ha ha , invading poland . . top bantz mate . 
  see how silly it looks ? 
  well if you read the top comments on here , they are n't meant as piss takes or melodrama ... that 's the big difference here . 
  and if you read this sub regularly you 'll know what i mean by anti-english sentiment . 
   not thats just you getting upset that your senpais are getting downvoted . 
   have you ever spent much time talking to the average daily mail reader ? 
  you need to stop , generalising about , and hating `` the other '' . 
  i 'm sure you 've scientifically gone around speaking to dm readers to back up you post , but i wo n't claim to have done so . 
   i would n't be surprised if ` saboteur ' quickly becomes a new slur to throw at remainers and those who oppose the tory government . 
  it 's not as if either side lacks abusive terms and hatred for the other , is it ? 
  fair enough . 
  either way , i think you 'll find they 're taking the piss with this headline . 
  i hope you have not been drawn in too much ... 
  could be . 
  it 's going to be an exciting election !, 
  go and have a beer or something . 
  and wipe the crusted flecks of spittle away . 
  so i guess we can say germany and italy are still far right then ? 
   a lot of their contributors have little more credibility than the mail 's . 
  some , certainly . 
  i would n't say a lot though . 
  i think both papers are unreliable sources of opinion . 
   but at least the guardian attempts to be impartial when simply reporting news . 
  agreed , on those pieces that it chooses to report . 
  it notably omits ` inconvenient ' news items though ( see : racial shooting in the us last night , front page bbc , not even on the g website ) . 
   ow look who came out to defend the daily heil . 
  `` hurrah for the blackshirts '' was satire , right ? 
  for fuck 's sake ... 
  i 'm defending common sense ultimately .
