   http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/04/20/english-sparkling-wine-beats-champagne-in-paris-blind-tasting/, 
  so much prejudice/ignorance in your post it 's hard to know where to begin . 
  i voted remain , but i 'm excited to see what the next few years brings . 
  there is absolutely no point in being salty and abusive at this juncture . 
   i can only wish eu the best of luck for the future . 
  me too , and i have a feeling it will probably need it . 
  it 's in all parties ' interests to make it as painless as possible . 
  luckily adults run countries , not the kids you get in the guardian or mail message boards !, 
  it would struggle under current eu rules for deficits . 
  well the key tenets are the free movement of goods , workers and capital . 
  these were deemed untouchable , so enough people were convinced to opt out . 
  it 's an aggressively neo-liberal construct that has n't played well with the worst off over here in recent years . 
  you 'd be surprised by how many people are badly off over here . 
  triggered . 
  it 's `` buckle up buckaroos '' , not `` in '' . 
  well the guardian is more likely to ban you for saying brexit is a good idea . . 
  yeah i also thought that savage attack on bulgaria was a bit xeno . 
  lol, 
  i still think that if the eu showed a bit of willingness to tweak its key tenets , we would n't be talking about this today . 
  do they train dogs that brave ? 
   it 's entertaining in the same way that 9/11 was grow up matey . 
  well , when a door closes , a window opens etc etc. 
  maybe we can buy cheaper food off , say , african farmers to offset this . 
  at the moment there are some quite protectionist measures in place ( eu-originated ) hindering this . 
  it may even help african farming states , too ... 
  are we talking guardian style , or / r/the _ donald style ? 
  does a sniffer dog count as part of border control ? 
  you find it funny , i find it embarrassing !, 
  which i suppose is about right ... hehe , 
  so we wo n't be allowed on the continent anymore ? 
  sir robert walpole . . read halfway down here : http://qi.com/infocloud/10-downing-street apparently donated 10 & 11 downing st to all future pms and coes , rather than accepting it as a gift . 
  donald makes a startling reddit debut , having been banned from twitter . 
  i know you think this is british humour , but lots of people ( mostly comfortable and middle class ) actually think this way . 
  thank heavens they will never be called upon to show any real backbone in their cushy lives !, 
  thoroughly unpleasant . 
  it becomes draining though . 
  you would n't believe the inter-familial and friendship tensions all this has caused . 
  he has lots of money to feed his face with . 
  all made off the back of rent slavery for others . 
   well , that 's what she 's doing basically . 
  guardian writer ? 
  who would they be ? 
  whatever this guy said , he was being bigoted . 
  he 's also a nasty piece of work , and probably broke the law here . 
  that said , the changing nature of language catches even the most pious individuals out . 
  the punishment for doing so is immediate damnation , until a full and grovelling acknowledgement of successful re-education has been made : https://www.theguardian.com/culture/2015/jan/26/benedict-cumberbatch-apologises-after-calling-black-actors-coloured, 
   most likely an eu immigrant in the uk . 
   they seem the most butthurt in this . 
  my italian girlfriend immediately took british citizenship and got on with her life without whining . 
  she did the adult thing . 
  charming . 
  i would rather have authentic bolognese sauce than waffles , thanks . 
  trump did n't invent that . 
  good luck with turkey then , chum . 
   of course some people will be happy about brexit while others wont be . 
  that 's only natural . 
  however , wearing all black for the occasion is pretty out there . 
  the reaction of some brits to this has been genuinely embarrassing . 
  brexit , on balance , is probably not an ideal outcome . 
  but the middle class liberal brigade ( which i 'm now trying to distance myself from ) come out of this episode looking pathetic . 
   with the eu out of the way , who will the uk blame for its problems now ? 
  find out next episode . 
  the whole world is screwed anyway . 
  there are structural problems that can not be fixed without lowering the total population considerably , and stabilising it . 
   he 's an asshole with a history apparently this is a nice way of putting it . 
   jesus christ , `` coloured people . '', 
  is this the fucking 1950s ? 
  up until 10-20 years ago , that was the `` correct '' way of saying it . 
  now it 's `` people of colour '' . 
  the man 's comments are crass and racist either way , and he 's a hate figure over here . 
  but it 's not hard to see how people get caught out by the changing of the pc guard . 
  just look at benedict cucumberpatch ... 
  which was , of course , my point . 
  thanks . 
   do people like you ever grow up and stop assigning blame for everything onto others ? 
  so i 'm to blame for them leaving am i ? 
  sorry , this is one of the stupidest things i 've ever read on the internet . 
  very informative , thanks !, 
  whatever my opinion on the eu , for the leader of the catholic clown fiesta to come out with this is just too delicious an irony !, 
  pretty shameful , but as usual the root causes wo n't be investigated ( least of all by the guardian ) . 
   there are so many dutch < insert thing here  that mean negative things : dutch courage , dutch date , dutch oven , etc. . . 
  these are all exceptionally positive things ... ... ... especially dutch oven . 
  hey ... we have mayo , mustard , hp . 
  strength in diversity !, 
  yeah i get the point he 's trying to make , but to speak of ` german domination ' as a leaver would lay you open to charges of xenophobia from remain . 
  i do n't like the tone of what heseltine is saying at all . 
  it 's embarrassing that he should come out with this crap imo . 
  germany is an awesome country , generally full of decent individuals , and he just comes across badly with this . 
  hopefully people do n't ascribe his comments to broader british sentiment . 
  you beat me to it . 
  upvoted , and curtailed my own sharp tongue . 
  the carpark of maccy d 's , i think you 'll find . 
  a german joke is no laughing matter ... 
  the two are not mutually exclusive . 
  europe : strength in diversity . 
  it 's not real hate !, 
  i genuinely think that a ` face saving ' deal will be arranged . 
  the conversation , in private , will go : `` so ... '' `` so ... '' `` let 's try to minimise the damage here shall we ? '', 
  `` sold . '', 
   ye second one i find funny , but first one is prime trigger material noted .
