  seems like a worldwide thing . 
  edit : hilarious that i 'm downvoted for suggesting that people can behave badly in my country !, 
  take at look at yourselves ... seriously . 
  win/win !, 
  edit : please still do not take it in london . . lol . 
   we took one of the tourist tuktuks and they wanted 60 $ for one tour i believe . 
  but after the tour they suddenly wanted 20 $ more . 
  we paid them because the tour was good , but we also saw other people trying more obvious and worse scams . 
   never take the tourist tuktuk/cycle cab . 
  same applies in london . 
  in fact one of the main benefits of living in a tourist city is that you see in advance how tourists can get ripped off !, 
  in which case what is the point ? 
  you have that now . 
  you get folks on the street coming up to you a lot . 
  it does n't detract from lisbon at all though , it 's my favourite city behind edinburgh . 
  wow , it was a joke . 
  i went to ruzomberok for a week to stay with an ( ex ) gf and her family . 
  nicest bunch of people ever !, 
  they also got me horribly drunk on homemade borovicka . 
   yes , you suggested that other countries than poland should do something to improve the attitudes poland has brought onto itself . 
  errr should n't poles be arseholes to the turks in that case ? 
  no . . because in reality it achieves nothing and you come across badly . 
  you mean `` european partners '' ? 
   i got somewhat ripped off ( nothing major really ) lol ... 
  i bet i know how . 
  you get ignorant wankers everywhere . 
  no point in taking it to heart . 
  i certainly have n't heard any anti-polish propaganda , unless it 's a weird turkish thing . 
  all of the polish folks i 've met in the uk have been delightful . 
   spearheading taking the uk back 25 years on immigration and workers rights . 
  how has she done that ? 
  all their mosque are belong to salafi . 
  the guardian is very prone to clickbait these days , sadly . 
  it used to be the best news source around . 
  explain why they are not even remotely similar ? 
  to my mind they tick the boxes i 'm concerned about . 
  military cooperation . . fine . 
  that 's what we have now . 
  eu army - a step towards something altogether different . 
  i thought somebody else was leading the negotiations from the eu 's side ? 
  why is merkel piping up ? 
   examples ? 
  because that seems very dishonest . 
   you need examples of times that large , opposing militarised blocs on each others ' borders in europe has led to war , either real or very-nearly-real ? 
  blind optimism . 
  you are n't ... 
   countries can do whatever they want in their own borders ( as long as it does n't cross any international laws of course ) and we should n't stop co-operation just because someone else might get nervous that they are not the big guy in the gym anymore . 
  fair enough , at least you understand what i 'm getting at . 
  although the `` big guy in the gym '' comment is a bit reductionist . 
  my view is that the risk/reward is not worth it , you think it is . 
   i can see that , but just because something is n't in the uk 's best interest , does n't mean that the eu should n't do it , especially when it 's in the eu 's and its member 's best interest . 
  do you see my point ? 
   when the uk was a member , it could and did block any kind of joint military proposal , so it makes sense now that the uk is on its way out that its interests will not be catered to by the eu . 
   of course i see the point . 
  this is in fact my whole point . 
  the eu will be in a position to throw its weight around , backed by a alrge army , and the states on the edge will get nervous . 
  history shows that this leads to war . 
   you ca n't let russia bully you around . 
  look what they are doing in ukraine . 
  the russians do n't want a war , they 'll back down if they see strength . 
   why bother taking the chance ? 
  nato is there to defend against the russians . 
  as you say , the threat is minimal if they see strength , and nato contains the largest army in the world by miles . 
  so why bother ? 
   and its army would be purely defensive because eu is inherently a peace project . 
  again , history shows that a large `` defensive '' army in one bloc in europe inevitably leads to another large `` defensive '' army being built up in another . 
  it can only lead to conflict . 
   co-operation in the eu has never been this high . 
  as soon as you create a large bloc of cooperating , militarised countries in a space , every other country on the edge of that space is going to get nervous . 
  russia is on the edge of that space . 
  as will be the uk post-brexit . 
  they are well within their rights to be unhappy about this idea . 
   he 's obviously talking about russia what better way to pacify relations with russia than to militarise the entire eu bloc as one ?!, 
   perhaps even including turkey the way things are going well turkey is a nato member so i think they would be dealt with through other channels . 
   it 's the most baseless argument i 've seen . 
  the argument seems to be , `` come on , relax guy , things have changed since napoleon '' . 
  except that two large scraps happened between then and now , for reasons well known to most . 
  edit : three scraps if you count the cold one . 
   it 's a pretty ludicrous tangent though , do n't progress in defense cooperation because of a very niche-possibility ? 
  it makes no sense . 
  can you see why neighboring countries , not within the eu , would be nervous about this ? 
   not sure why you are more worried about the eu doing it . 
  i just think that we should learn from past mistakes . 
  loading the continent with competing armed blocs does n't usually end well . 
   we can find a lot of problems to the current eu but leaving problems is just not the way i was taught to deal with them ... 
  i agree . 
  i voted remain primarily because i think it can change , and i wanted to see if the uk can be a part of that . 
  your post reads like copypasta to be honest , but i 'll reply . 
  there is no fascist government in the eu right now , but can you honestly not conceive of a single scenario in which that happens ? 
  i can think of one major issue on europe 's doorstep now , that is already pushing europe to the right . 
  well if you read my other comments ( which you have , because you 've replied to all of them ) , then you know the main thing is that i do n't want huge blocs controlling huge armies in europe again . 
  it never ends well . 
   the eu has practically no reason to get into tensions with the uk . 
  then what possible relevance could your previous comment have ? 
   better to be the small , weak country in close geographical proximity to the powerful bloc with a large army , right ? 
   the eu is europe , ffs . 
  it really is n't . 
  i voted remain , fyi . 
  sorry mate , but history is on my side for this one . 
  rewind to 1938 .
