  we already have sanctions in place against russia . 
  i 'm referring more to this constant talk of russia threatening europe 's borders . . in reality it 's the other way around . 
  i honestly do not blame russia for being afraid of western european expansionism , given how many times it has been invaded in the past few centuries . 
   fun fact : the uk will have over 80 million people in 2100 . 
  i would be amazed if it is n't well before 2100 . 
  the official number is just more than 15m shy of that now . 
  in reality , that number will be a lot higher . 
   not even london feels really packed ... ... . 
   you buy my friend a few pints of guinness and he 'll sing these in english pubs it 's hilarious . 
  charming . 
   same thing happened with the 2013 attack . 
  the un human rights council report stated that the attack bore the `` same unique hallmarks '' as the sarin used in the khan al-assal attack , which was used against assad 's forces . 
   it 's quite nice that most european leaders do n't jump to conclusions without an official investigation . 
  agreed . 
  i wish may would button it until some kind of investigation has been carried out . 
  just look to libya if you want to see what happens when we stick our noses in . 
  [ regular public slave auctions , for one thing . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/apr/10/libya-public-slave-auctions-un-migration ), 
   disappointing , europe needs to grow a backbone , especially when our own borders are threatened by putin . 
  we are lucky that trump has changed his foreign policy on russia . 
  why are people in europe so desperate to go to war ? 
  probably the right option . 
  we need to work with russia and assad to bring about a sensible end to this ... 
  anything else would represent a shameful failure to learn from very recent , and very painful mistakes . 
  the last country we `` helped out '' by removing a dictator now has regular public slave auctions , [ according to the guardian ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/apr/10/libya-public-slave-auctions-un-migration ) . 
  syria does not need this kind of help . 
  i was making fun of your insipid reference to the multiplication tables , and `` learning only things , that you really need '' . 
  it was an attempt to sound clever , and it feel flat ... badly . 
  attempt at being clever fails . 
  hmm . 
  it 's easy to accuse somebody of something without publishing evidence . 
  you are in a position of power . 
  publish it then . 
  wow . . you banned somebody for that ? 
  shameful . 
   sweden didi n't engage in nazism or colonialism ummm ... 
  i hate to break it to you ... 
   people are denying there is an issue and are essentially writing it off as a part of daily life . 
  a decreasing number of people , as you can see in election results europe-wide . 
   deporting their family as a reaction would be stupid . 
  the op said it might solve terrorism ... not a price worth paying then ? 
  your fact sought to downplay terrorism . 
  why else would you post it ? 
   they want you to hate them , to hate people who have something even minutely in common with them , because through being hated they gain more people who are also hated . 
  and they also want the affected countries to do nothing . 
  more people will die that way . 
  so what to do ? 
  again , people in here talking down terrorism and saying `` car accidents are far more likely , ban cars '' . 
  it 's facile and insulting . 
   there is no solution to terrorism other than maybe deporting all muslims which of course would be incredibly stupid . 
  is it any more stupid than letting somebody repeatedly punch you in the face ? 
  did all of the bomb victims vote for putin ? 
  pretty much . 
  so did they deserve it ? 
  apols if so . 
  it 's not uncommon to be attacked for that in r/europe !, 
  are you going to disagree with my post , or attack me based upon my nationality ? 
  are we really surprised ? 
  europe has quite an insular mentality . 
  russia is png on pretty much a permanent basis . 
  it 's sad . 
  we have `` hitler '' ladies and gentlemen , thus bringing this discussion to a premature end . 
  hatred will really only get you so far . 
  i suggest trying to manage it . 
  nice prejudice there . 
  fascist behaviour ? 
  oh do grow up . 
  this is like a university political forum sometimes . 
  war ? 
  are spain planning on invading ? 
  which country is doing that ? 
  what would the eu be able to do if they stopped ? 
  edit : downvoted for asking this entirely reasonable question ?!, 
  i think i 'm done with this sub . 
  you 've been schooled here . 
  just leave it . 
  it 's genuinely pathetic is n't it ? 
  drop the hatred , you come across very poorly . 
  someone who actually gets it . 
   i 'm just sad that people cry when something bad happens in their country , but do n't give a fuck what atrocities are happening a few hundred kilometers away . 
  actually , only sociopaths behave in that way . 
  do not project your own failings onto others . 
  shameful post . 
  it is a minority of humans who think that way . 
  most humane people do n't make the distinction . 
   thousands of innocent people have died from russian invasion and here you are crying over 10 people . 
  hang your head in shame . 
  thoughts with russia and the russian people . 
  what is the world coming to :(, 
   i would n't be surprised if they have more pubs per capita than anywhere else . 
  edinburgh does apparently . 
  or that 's what people love telling newly arrived students anyway . 
  you think people wo n't react when you basically call an entire country xenophobic ? 
  if so then you lack self-awareness . 
  think ` salta ' means flip or jump , because you basically fry risotto flat in oil and then flip it over , like a pancake . 
  overly used to seeing people actually attacking on here tbh . 
  i voted remain . 
  why so hostile ? 
  yeah , but published by bethesda . 
  they have a ( maybe unfair ) rep for releasing buggy/breakable games ... it 's probably down to the scale of them and the impossibility of testing them fully .
