  ctrl + c. ctrl + v. 
  if this does turn out to be islam-inspired , i wonder if they will go after his regular places of worship ? 
  i really do n't what ? 
  i 'm happy to inform myself of horrid ( registered tm ) things my country has done in the past , and i do n't try to justify them . 
  your mate above seem to think murdering civilians is fine under certain circumstances . 
  i do not . 
  these kind of articles are starting to grate on me . 
  it 's just ctrl + c and ctrl + v the same article , a few nice hashtags , change facebook profile flag , rinse repeat . 
  thanks for the heads up . 
  it always amazes me when people ca n't see they 're just as bad as what they hate . 
  i 'm fully aware of the history . 
  unlike you , i 'm not attempting to justify the actions of either side . 
  look up : the slippery slope fallacy . 
  have a nice day , and stay safe !, 
  you really are just justifying terrorism here , are n't you ? 
  `` they voted in the evil men who did it '' . 
  do you know who you sound like ? 
  the guy in westminster yesterday will tell you that he had been pushed too far . 
  we 're used to it from the ira . 
  in fact the armed presence seems less today than it was when bomb threats were regular . 
  it did n't take long for the usual guardian call for `` moderation '' to come out : https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2017/mar/22/westminster-attack-tragedy-not-threat-democracy copy , paste , repeat . 
  well add at least 3 more people killed by cars , right ? 
  what a lame statement . 
  because there is a bigger cause of death in existence we should ignore this one . 
  pathetic . 
  sadiq : '' ... message to those that want to harm us and destroy our way of life is : you wo n't succeed , you wont divide us , we wo n't be cowed by terrorists '' . 
  good statement . 
  there 's a book in this ... 
  i 'm in the pub in the city . 
  more coppers with machine guns than usual , but people do n't seem to care much . 
  sorry to hear that . 
  how near to the incident ? 
  that 's where i am . 
  hearing a lot of police cars , but nothing else . 
  where is he based ? 
  london is enormous so the chances are he 's not near this stuff . 
  that said , hopefully it turns out to be isolated , and not part of something bigger . 
   is there ever a good timing to say : you people will never be safe !, 
  no , but you know exactly what i mean . 
  i was thinking this too . 
  very poor timing . 
   it 's only happening because we acknowledge it as a big deal . 
  it 's happening a mile down the road . 
  no , i meant nutjobs . 
  the quotation marks were because i was quoting the op . 
  very poor timing considering what 's happening in westminster . 
  the reporting here on this incident is pretty neutral so far ... 
  the police being stabbed , a shooting outside of parliament , and people being run over counts as something `` happening '' in my view . 
  all it takes is one or two `` nutjobs '' with weapons to kill as many as in paris . 
  hope this is isolated and that the victims are minimal ... this is happening just a couple of miles down the road . 
  stay safe . 
   so if you agree , why on earth would you make it a political thing ? 
  it is a political thing . . that much is obvious to anybody who bothers to look around them . 
  should have done the / s thing . 
   then you come along and inject political values into it for absolutely no reason you 're right , there 's literally no reason this could be a political thing . 
  literally none . 
   you should be deeply ashamed . 
  get off your high horse . 
   seeing trump and may ( and others before her , like obama and blair ) sell arms to and legitimise and prop up the most heinous of regimes indirectly causes these things to happen . 
  yes , this is something that should stop immediately . 
  the saudis being a key part of this . 
   if you want to be upset about something , be upset at yourself for trying to make politics of this horrible incident , dipshit . 
  i 'm not going to lower myself to your level by abusing you , but i think `` making politics '' out of my country being subject to repeated attacks is sensible at this point . 
  i desperately hope you do not have to do the same in your country at any point . 
  i have nothing against sadiq khan , i like him too ( voted for him in fact ) . 
  i hated that statement though . 
  edit : to clarify , i hated the fact that the statement is even ' a thing ' . 
   what does ` keep calm and carry on ' mean today ? 
  it 's a politically acceptable way of reiterating sadiq khan 's sentiment . . that this is now a regular part of city living and that we should get used to it . 
   i think that entirely depends on what you think the problem is . 
  stating it openly will likely get me banned , which underlines what i 'm saying . 
   what do you think is n't being done and what would you like to be done ? 
  i think we need to start calling out problems rather than blaming everything else under the sun ( including ourselves ) . 
  i do n't know what solutions look like , but we are not even on that path at the moment . 
   lol , are you 12 ? 
  `` lol '' . . no . 
   i 'm asking what you think your vote will do to remedy the situation . 
  you can ask the same of any vote for any reason . 
  if a political party says they will address a problem honestly and like adults , why should somebody not vote for them ? 
  we currently have nobody doing this . 
   your original comment seems to suggest violence so i 'm asking for clarification . 
  sorry , but this says more about you than me . 
   what do you think your vote will do to remedy the situation ? 
  you appear to be asking , `` what 's the point in voting '' ? 
  is that a serious question ? 
   i 'm not sure i painted you as anything , `` make them pay in blood '' . 
  get stuffed . 
  sod the tories !, 
  i actually have no idea who to vote for . . nobody seems willing to deal with this problem . 
   so you 'll vote for someone that actually wants to stop selling arms to saudis ? 
   just read your username . 
  you follow me around r/europe trolling me for some reason . 
  blocked . 
  no idea who . 
  we will see what happens i guess . 
  nice attempt to paint me as the violent lunatic though !, 
  those were your words . 
  suicide bombers and their source . 
  i stand by my original comment , just not my response to the troll below . 
  our `` progressive '' society will end up banning concerts without a hint of irony .
