  yeah i agree . 
  this is one of those scenarios in which a mutual ` face-saving exercise ' may actually work well . . 
  the problem is that the remain team failed to effectively prove these ` facts ' wrong . 
  they also did not present a positive enough view of a future within the eu . 
  now we have this . 
  trolling it is then !, 
  have a nice day !, 
   what a great specimen of full denial . 
  hmmm ... either bigoted or trolling . 
  hard to tell which . 
   multiculturalism is not the problem . 
  monoculturalism is . 
   the reason so many muslims are radicalising is because they are living in muslim enclaves by their own choice and refuse to integrate . 
  from the point of view of the ` host ' culture ... this is multiculturalism . 
   parent comment is basically so not actually . 
   i am supposed to provide source on something that 's basically common knowledge ? 
  barely even worth replying to . 
  it 's not even clear what you 're trying to argue . 
  are you trying to say that a majority of people are proud of it ? 
  your own statistics say otherwise . 
  the op said `` british like to boast about their vast colonial empire '' ... again , your own stats say otherwise . 
   they completely ignore the fact that they 're british , french or belgian . 
  accusing muslims of terrorism is wrong , but treating all muslims as victims is right . 
  great mental gymnastic . 
  100 % correct . 
   both sides were wrong . 
  agreed . 
   most brits are proud of the british empire and colonialism again , this is not backed up by evidence . 
  that under half were proud ? 
  does it say anywhere that they `` like to boast '' about it ? 
  no , it completely undermines his bigoted assertion . 
  unless you too wish to generalise based upon a minority ? 
   right , we need citations only when it 's something negative about uk . 
  you should generally be prepared to back up sweeping generalisations about 70m people . 
  anything less is pure bigotry . 
  `` yougov found 44 per cent were proud of britain 's history of colonialism while only 21 per cent regretted that it happened . 
  23 per cent held neither view . '', 
  this does n't really support his claim :  no , british like to boast about their vast colonial empire . 
   no , british like to boast about their vast colonial empire . 
  citation needed . 
  obvious troll . 
  i know it 's awful . . but i immediately thought : all our mosque are belong to salafists . 
   we consider those shocking in nature , but ultimately do n't even entertain the possibility to influence our policies because of them . 
  how about the hard restrictions we have on owning or carrying weapons ? 
  some people in the us consider that to be unthinkable . 
  if you read the thread comparing the front pages of the daily mail and the irish mail , you 'll be amazed . 
  some are comparing mcguinness to mandela . 
   somehow , i do n't think people who go around murdering people are thinking straight to begin with . 
  yes , they 're brainwashed . 
  we are n't really active in syria , so that does n't stand . 
  what can i do other than protest , like i did before we blundered into iraq ? 
  i believe violence is always the wrong answer . 
  i do not vote for politicians that have a history of supporting it . 
  yet this maniac would happily have run me over if i 'd been a mile down the road yesterday . 
  as interesting addition to the ` civil liberties ' conversation . 
  my view is that this validates the action being taken by our security services . 
  arguably any kind of surveillance is an infraction of civil liberties , but without it they presumably would n't have stopped these attacks . 
  wow , we 've been battered over the decades have n't we ? 
  another apologist for murder . 
  it now appears that the attacker was known to mi5 ... 
  i hope the security services do n't come in for a lot of criticism here . 
  they generally do a ridiculously good job . 
   khan said that terror attacks are part of living in big city and he 's right , and it is politically acceptable to say that that is n't the same as saying you should n't try to address the problem !, 
  we have have far , far more deaths if they sat and did nothing . 
  so we 're back to the beginning of the circular conversation ... 
  being seen to do nothing is politically unacceptable . 
  how do you address the problem ? 
  like i 've said all along , i have a lot of sympathy for what you 're saying . 
  i just lean more towards the other side . 
  yes , they 're now saying that 's the `` working assumption '' . 
  what individual freedom of yours has been restrained in response to the paris and nice attacks ? 
  i 'm genuinely interested because i do n't live in france , but have been over hundreds of times . 
  we 're generally said to have very authoritarian security services here in the uk , but i 'm not really prevented from doing what i want . 
  i would agree with you if we did n't have things like car safety minimum standards , the highway code , bans on texting while driving etc. 
   we do n't know whether this attack was related to islam yes i agree . 
  but we do n't agree on the significance of 25 % of 3m having sympathy with the motives of the ch killers . 
  that is a very concerning number ... nearly 10x the size of the british army for example . 
  left unchecked it could easily end up carrying political weight . 
  edit : they 're now saying the `` working assumption '' is that the attack was related to islam . 
  well they are continuously working on ways to reduce the road death toll . . so i 'm not sure the comparison stacks up . 
  again , i get what you are saying , but there is a clear distinction between road accidents and religious zealots attacking a way of life . 
  undisclosed as yet , because they now seem to be going around arresting his associates . 
  i assume they do n't want to accidentally tip off their targets . 
  edit : fixed typo . 
  a pretty alarming study have shown that a very sizable minority supported the charlie hebdo massacre . 
  source : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/one-in-four-british-muslims-have-some-sympathy-for-motives-behind-charlie-hebdo-attacks-10068440.html, 
  so your suggestion is to just cross our collective fingers ? 
  whilst i completely understand what you 're saying , i liken this situation to a drunk guy ( terrorists ) attacking you ( europe ) outside a pub . 
  you really , really do n't want a fight . 
  sometimes , however , you just have to realise that you 're already in one . 
   i think this is one of the few things cameron did right . 
  i 'm actually with you on this . 
  you are more than likely right , but the police have n't announced anything yet . 
   martin mcguinness is no different to nelson mandela . 
  end of sensible conversation really . 
  again , i 'm not attempting to justify this . . unlike the guy above . 
  i did not reach majority until 2003 , so `` my government '' did nothing of the sort . 
  i was nearly blown up on a couple of occasions , however . 
  ... and fingers crossed for next time . 
  these articles are quickly becoming tiresome .
