  it just seems that people are very quick to call the british out on things that are far worse in other european countries . 
  why ? 
  `` it 's given that we talk about annoying minorities that exist nevertheless . '', 
  there are n't too many different ways to read that comment , friend . 
  `` you 're left the eu because of the battle of britain '' if that 's what you took from my post then there is no hope . 
  your hatred is too deep . 
  when you grow up it 'll subside . 
  i actually agree that we 're all ultimately doomed . 
  lol . 
  it 's not a given at all . 
  it 's just more up-voted to slag off british tourists than anybody else . 
  the tone of your post is so laden with hatred it 's hard to know what to address . 
  which `` point '' should i address ? 
  i 'm very happy to . 
  i feel like i have to clarify this . 
  i 'm such a gaming geek . 
  i do n't think hardcore mode is impossible , but i ca n't imagine it being fun . 
  the stimpak and radaway hypos working ` over time ' rather than instantly does n't bother me . 
  it 's just like system shock 2 . 
  it 's the drinking water and eating food that turns me off . 
  who can be arsed ? 
  a heavily up voted comment by somebody who does n't really get the politics here , but it suits a narrative . 
  / r/europe to a tea . 
  no fucking point in even replying . 
  the love of my life is italian and i live with her in london . 
  she despises italian men , in part because of the way they treat women , but also because they behave disgracefully abroad . 
  i do n't pay much attention to her opinion , in the same way i do n't pay much attention to yours . 
  i actually find italian men to be decent guys and fun to go clubbing with . 
  horses for courses . 
  how generous . 
  i still love france and will be taking shit loads of holidays there . 
  sounds like you have a few projection issues to work out but , no . 
  people here are not all racist morons , in spite of what / r/europe keyboard warriors who have never been here would have you believe . 
  the uk is also defending its interests . 
  if you fuck over the uk its citizens will suffer . 
  so it 's defending its interests . 
  who needs em . 
  i played all the way through the one below hardcore without using a single stimpak . 
  i think it would be impossible to do that on hardcore mode though . 
  grenade launchers mate . 
  you need to get over your hatred of my country mate . 
  it 's weird . 
  edit : also read up on the battle of britain . 
  that 's the reason you are n't russian . 
  a good , long spell at her majesty 's pleasure beckons for these scumbags . 
   i hope they somehow find every single one of the scumbags involved . 
  the police here are pretty good at finding people once caught on cctv . 
  i 'm confident they 'll do the business . 
   not sure what exactly you 're referring to here , could you clarify please . 
  it 's made up nonsense . 
  reality will ultimately prevail . 
  the world is n't run by keyboard warriors . 
  classic cult behaviour . 
   but you do agree that brexit is an opportunity for the eu to show that leaving is not a great idea . 
  you 're making it sound like a cult , mate . 
  embarrassing . 
   um , no , that is n't going to happen . 
  cool , that sorts that uncertainty out then !, 
  it 's at times like this i 'm thankful that adolescents are n't in charge of the negotiations . 
  always preferred the legion personally . 
   you mean what if california voted to secede , but central california did n't ? 
   since they 're a single state like the uk is a single nation ? 
   i do n't know . 
  try to carve it up & break it apart like the eu is doing the uk ? 
  lol 100 % correct . 
  it is n't that much different . 
  i will be downvoted . 
  why is this deemed nsfw ? 
   turkish cockroaches wow . 
  they obviously are n't defending xenophobes . 
  but to say , `` only people who do n't like poles are lazy brits who live on welfare and blame society for their failures '' is a ridiculous generalisation . 
  you know . . the same kind of generalisation the op is complaining about . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/all_your_base_are_belong_to_us , 
  i 'm tired just thinking about it . 
  probably not real to be honest . 
   sort of small dick complex ( sometimes literally ) . 
  sounds like you have other reasons to hate turks . 
   in the uk only people who do n't like poles are lazy brits who live on welfare and blame society for their failures . 
  i have family in scotland and they told me that aka about 10 people . 
  as you have found out , stereotyping is wrong . 
  well i remember when i was thinking of doing erasmus , the places at my uni were limited , and everybody wanted to go . 
  we ranked our choices and got what we were given . 
  in the end i could n't even go because the waiting list was too long !, 
  maybe they just did n't get their first choice , and were bitter . 
  either way , fuck em . 
   outside , you should queue appropriately and tut-tut the queue breakers . 
  triggered . 
  people who barge in at the bar are the worst !, 
  why would erdogan be spouting anti-polish propaganda ? 
  i think it 's more likely that you just ran into some unpleasant people . 
  turks seem super friendly whenever i 've met them , but every country has unpleasant people . 
  sort of , but even they are too expensive now . 
  malaysia is a big offshoring centre now ( even that is now getting `` too expensive '' ) . 
  it 's a bit of a joke to be honest . 
   we 've had a dutch family casually join us for dinner once after they saw what we were eating . 
  just lifted the pot lids and liked what they saw . 
  they did bring food to share as well but it 's still a really strange thing to do . 
  this would make most brits extremely uncomfortable . 
  this is very true . 
  the behaviour of many tourists over here is appalling as well .
