  you should not be revealing this information in public !, 
  that is actually hilarious !, 
   well it basically reinforces the `` establishment vs. people '' message by making a mostly leave audience up against remain speakers . 
  i 'm inclined to agree . 
  i do n't think `` the establishment '' has truly woken up to this yet , and will keep hammering the same line of ` ridicule and abuse ' . 
  it does strike me that they fall over themselves to be `` pc '' ( registered tm ) , and it 's counterproductive . 
  yes , their coverage of indyref v1 was unashamedly pro-union . 
  people only moan about bbc bias when it 's shown against their pet topic . 
  yeah it 's a tourism gag . 
  at least your waiter is smiling in the pic !, 
  and they say germans have no sense of humour ... 
  no need to be condescending !, 
  i am saying it 's a poor analogy . 
  drinking battery acid will result in death or hospitalisation . 
  nobody actually knows what the result of brexit will be . 
  well usually they wheel out the `` fuck eu !, 
  fuck scotland !, 
  fuck ireland ! '', 
  brigade to denigrate them on qt . 
  just because they give these people a platform does n't mean they support them . 
  the rest of the panel is usually against them 4v1 . 
   still do n't like the bbc for all the saville stuff and their other hidden gems . 
  and their licence enforcement people are simply thugs . 
  hard to disagree with either statement . 
  i 'm not `` left wing '' . 
  i 'm left on some issues and right on others . 
  i 've never met a single person who is completely ` left ' or ` right ' on all issues , so i do n't get why people self-identify this way . 
  i do n't think they are always fair and balanced at all , i just think they 're generally better than our privately owned press . 
  if the bbc were to go , it would be a very sad day imo . 
  brexit = / = drinking battery acid . 
  fair enough , you just have to be able to prove that 's all it 's for . 
  if you ever watch live tv on any device , or any bbc programmes on demand , you need one . 
  the left also moan about alleged pro-government bias . 
  just read the guardian comments ( if you can bear the toxicity ) . 
  i agree with the op tbh . 
  i wholeheartedly but respectfully disagree . 
  however biased people say the bbc is ( i agree it tends to show something of an ` agenda ' ) , it 's generally a lot more credible than our other news sources . 
  it 's compulsory if you want to have a tv . 
  they need to stop this asap . 
  is the only solution to blockade the main culprits in north africa ? 
   recreate the doggerland !, 
  we already have plenty of land dedicated to dogging , thanks . 
  i know , right ?!, 
  we also do n't all wear monocles and throw bones at the eu ... what gives !, 
  any country that makes chips with loads of mayo is ok by me !, 
  and make chips with mayo . 
  nobody who 's been to nl can really maintain that stereotype . 
  it 's 50 % us frat boys wandering around shroomed off their faces , with dutch people not showing the slightest bit of interest in drugs . 
  it 's obviously a tourist thing . 
  this made me giggle !, 
   i used to have a slovak girlfriend , and the slovenia/slovakia thing especially made me laugh !, 
  it used to really wind her up ( understandably so ) . 
  24th march 1707 - acts of union signed !, 
  obviously a pretty big part of uk history . 
  i 'd dearly love to read a transcript of this explanation . 
  how do you explain your way out of that one ? 
  western christianity has undergone a reformation . 
  islam has not , and we are arguably importing some unpleasant practices as a result . 
  christianity in the middle ages was just as bad , but it has been neutered ( thank goodness ) . 
  must be trolling at this point . 
  he did n't mention ethnicity once . 
  it actually says more about you that you brought ethnicity into it . 
  muslims are n't one homogenous race . 
  if it 's ok to question the motives of capitalism or communism , it 's ok to question the motives of islam . 
  the kind of toxicity that drove me away from the guardian . 
  i do n't know the solution to this problem , and see both sides . 
  however , to call generalising about muslims `` racist '' completely misses the point . 
  fingers crossed that she pulls through ... 
  france : one of my favourite places on earth . 
  as said above , just a poor choice of words on my part . 
  bad choice of words and obviously not what i meant . 
   because everywhere else is a shithole . 
  wow . 
  we will still be able to visit europe after brexit !, 
  these relentless `` woe is me '' guardian articles come across as over dramatic and cloying . 
  question to folks in wales : is it likely that the country would vote out of the union ? 
  some people have absolutely no common sense . 
  sadly , yes . 
  try not to do that . 
  you wo n't find much love for mm where i 'm from tbh . 
  it was so laughable that i 'm surprised people were insulted tbh . 
  i 've been to nl a few times and ca n't think of many places less nazi . 
  maybe iceland . 
  born in kent , where i grew up . . :( wonder which town he was from . 
  nazi collaborators , probably . 
  the man is off the rails . 
  dark humour , but hilarious . 
  if your main concern is that the `` far right '' may gain more credence ... you 've gone wrong . 
  how did they stop the driving from running people over without killing him ? 
  people here do n't really seem to be talking about it . 
  the only discussion i 've seen is online !, 
  plenty still remember decades of the ira bombing them regularly . 
  the only stats i can find suggest that ~ 70-130 people died in mk attacks ( wikipedia and https://www.nelsonmandela.org/ ) in the context of the ira 's campaign , that 's not many . 
   a statement published by the group 's amaq propaganda agency said a `` soldier of the islamic state '' had carried out the atrocity by the houses of parliament . 
  lame . 
  it 's almost as if they 're trying to stay relevant . 
  i 'm prepared to bet the real source of radicalisation is closer to home . 
  why were n't these `` real facts '' presented before the first sodding referendum ? 
  to be honest , both sides lied relentlessly . 
   a nominal brexit that minimizes the damage would be reasonable .
