  my point is that your calcs are very crude , are heavily based upon assumptions , and fall into the same trap you accuse others of . . i.e. 
  being too simplistic . 
   there 's a net cultural exchange gain from these because it tightens the relations between the participating countries . 
  even if we accept this unsubstantiated claim , your initial post was about financial contributions to the eu . 
  you did n't try to address my claim that italy , romania , poland , whoever , lose out on tax take or vital public servants when we poach their people . 
   why did those uk companies setup shop in eastern europe in the first place if it were n't profitable for them ? 
  that 's not what i said at all . 
  i just said they are n't certain to pay tax in those countries . 
   if you really do n't know what will happen , then why did you vote to leave the eu ? 
  i did n't . 
  but i 'm not arrogant enough to claim to know the future . 
  it may out well , it also may not . 
  who knows ? 
  one thing for certain is that your analysis does not stand up to scrutiny . 
  yes , i do n't particularly agree with the op 's point . 
  if , in 5 years ' time , we have agreements in place and burgeoning trade with every other country in the world ... will it still have been isolationist ? 
  there 's a bigger picture here . 
   it 's a removal from a larger trading bloc with everyone one of your closest allies and neighbours and a statement that you do n't agree with their policies and beliefs in favour of your own . 
  i 'm not sure how this is n't isolationist . 
  the world does n't begin and end with the eu . 
  and as much as i love europe , to say they are all our closest allies ( certainly historically ) may be a bit of stretch ... 
  studied this at edinburgh uni a decade or so back ... had no idea it was a different legal system to england & wales when i signed up . 
  moral : do not be a lazy prat . 
  always do your research . 
  that said , edinburgh is now my favourite city in the world . 
  london confirmed as a great place to find ladies !, 
   they are estimates , not assumptions . 
  these estimates will be based upon a set of assumptions . 
   the difference is that they are made by people who are officially appointed to make them because there are never any exact figures . 
  the analysis you linked to was not carried out by officials , but by a newspaper . 
   you are ignoring the uk companies that operate in eastern europe and pay lower wages than in the uk because that 's how the local economy works . 
  profits made by such multinationals in ee generally wo n't be paid in the uk . 
  they will pay tax in the most `` efficient '' country they can . 
   you 're saying it 's `` immoral '' but you are ignoring the fact that it 's a mutual benefit . 
  how does italy benefit by educating my girlfriend , paying for the infrastructure she uses for 21 years ( hospitals , roads etc ) , then losing her entire future tax contribution to the uk ? 
  how about doctors and nurses ? 
  it 's not just tax in their case , but a vital public service these other eu states are losing . 
   after brexit , both the uk and those local economies in eastern europe will suffer . 
  i 'm always amazed at the sweeping statements people are prepared to make . 
  neither you , nor anybody else , knows this for a fact . 
   there is no winner after brexit . 
  there will only be losers of various degrees . 
  again , who knows ? 
   it 's cheap because nobody punishes your companies for hiring them at a lower wage than they would a local . 
  as long as they pay local minimum wage , they are n't breaking any rules . 
  i can imagine johnson saying just one more stupid thing during the negotiations , and being sacked to , `` prevent the derailment of negotiating with our euro friends '' . 
   some people are just overreacting , they are currently i want my ex to suffer mode . 
  this . 
   despite it being massively isolationist well this remains to be seen . 
  it is n't a self-evidently isolationist move . 
  he was given that role for two reasons . . 1 . 
  to shut him up 2 . 
  so he can hang himself and be sacked it was a clever political move by may . 
  or they will opt to shop elsewhere . 
   those that say that the uk is giving more than it 's receiving from the eu have a very limited point of view . 
  without wanting to be mean , the calcs you 've provided here are very crude as well , and rest upon a lot of assumptions . 
  if they did n't then we would be able to scientifically calculate the cost of brexit . 
  one of the main arguments against the eu from my pov is that it 's morally wrong to poach people from all over europe for our own benefit . 
  it 's actually worked out to my benefit because i found the love of my life that way , but i imagine her home country would rather she was paying tax there than here . 
  long story short , i 'm not sure that citing the mass import of ` cheap work force ' ( as you call them ) is the best way to advance this argument . 
  i know . 
  sometimes it 's nice though !, 
   something that all countries in the eu can agree on . 
  a rare beast indeed these days . 
  that 's what i 'm afraid of . 
  i suggest you try to get over your hatred of us . 
   and to you it 's just culture . 
  that 's how you talk . 
  that 's how you discuss . 
  that 's how you argue . 
  that 's how you negotiate . 
   to us ... it is n't . 
  christ alive ... 
  it 's not a good analogy . 
  if you do n't know why , then i am right to `` flee instead of arguing '' . 
   why talk about solidarity when there is no fiscal equalization or asylum seeker distribution in the eu ? 
  because it 's a nice soundbite . 
   the british rejected the values of solidarity , integration , and close cooperation . 
  thanks for informing me , this is something i ( as a brit ) was completely unaware of . 
   probably the same . 
  for both sides ' sake , i hope not . 
   you can go around and accuse people who say that the sun will come out tomorrow of being arrogant , but honestly , i do n't see how that 's humble . 
  troll confirmed . 
  have a nice day !, 
   however , everybody who voted decided to form alliances with those racist lunatics , instead . 
  another argument i 've never understood . 
  so , because some undesirable people vote a certain way in a binary plebiscite , it 's wrong to vote that way for any reason ? 
  some undesirable people voted for remain too !, 
   you talk about arrogance in every other comment . 
  maybe this day should be a day for you to be humble , not to tell every other person to be humble . 
   i am a pretty humble person . 
  but i will happily defend my country when blowhards like yourself attack us because you 're upset a vote did n't go your way . 
  i think leaving will be difficult , and i voted against it . 
  ultimately , though , i do n't claim to know what will happen in the future . 
  you claim to know we 'll fail , and you also say that you will enjoy watching it . 
  i 'd say my comments about your arrogance are fair . 
   and if the discourse revolves around so much reporting and talk about brexiteers being old and racist , reporting on their statements , the crimes being committed because of it , then it 's pretty safe to assume that it 's a vocal part of your fucking position . 
  ` no smoke without fire ' , right ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/salem_witch_trials  or are you saying they are not the most vocal part of the brexit voters ? 
  the parts of the media/individuals you obviously listen to must say they are .
