again ... evidence ? 
   redditor for a month , only posts pro-putin dogshit on / r/europe . 
   feel free to say why you 're whining . 
  i 've already said quite a few times , i feel a double standard is applied to some countries . 
  it 's very evident on / r/europe and places like the guardian comment section where people have ( shall we say ) less ` mainstream ' views . 
  you do n't really get it elsewhere though ( i.e. 
  the real world ) . 
  woe is us , the beleaguered masses . 
  grow up . 
   and then you proceed to ignore the comment pointing out the bombs were delivered by an aircraft . 
  so it could have been the us ? 
   they invaded their neighbour for no good reason , that is good call for being demonised . 
  they deserve demonisation as much as any other country that has just invaded another country for no reason . 
  that 's half of europe ... 
   i 'm english . 
  i could n't give a shit if an irishman sung one of these songs . 
  i do n't understand why you 're getting bent out of shape . 
  ah , well that 's the whole discussion sorted then !, 
  i 'm no huge fan of russia , i just think this one-sided demonisation is pathetic and intellectually bereft . 
  neuland and pyatt were caught on tape discussing the composition of the post-coup government ... yet people are strangely quiet about us involvement in events there . 
  read more than one source . 
  at the moment you 're not thinking for yourself . 
  lol , 
  agreed . 
  oh , well that 's iraq sorted then , right ? 
   third time 's the charm , maybe if assad is removed , we can finally awaken cthulhu . 
  the most ` liberal ' posters on here are the ones baying for blood as well !, 
  if only they could see how absurd they are . 
   why are people in europe so cowardly to stand back and watch genocide take place ? 
   what a frighteningly simplistic view . 
  yep , there is no way they can be compared . 
  none . 
  did anything happen in ukraine prior to all this happening ? 
  a `` trigger '' , perhaps ? 
   your knowledge is wrong . 
  you are just repeating russian propaganda it should be easy to prove me wrong then . 
  publish the evidence . 
  yep , i 'm not at all surprised . 
  how do you know it would have been better otherwise ? 
  have you already forgotten iraq ? 
  again , this is just one aspect . 
  the article i linked above speaks about the `` violent chaos '' the country has descended into . 
  you do n't have to look hard to find other sources corroborating this . 
  you 're right , it 's wrong of me to presume anything . 
  if it were up to me we 'd just leave everybody to it . 
  when we get involved in the me , things go wrong . 
  despite what / u/stuijfsande says , i ca n't accept iraq or libya ( even afghanistan ) as good outcomes . 
   that 's a slippery slope fallacy if i ever saw one . 
   not really ... it 's pretty well established that assad is fighting fundamentalists at this point . 
  if he loses , who takes power ? 
   assad is gassing his own people . 
  evidence ? 
  to my knowledge the last un report on this matter blamed the `` rebels '' . 
  why would he gas his own people when the war is practically won ? 
  it 's about the only thing he could do to ensure other powers poke their noses into a won war . 
  if there 's evidence , fine . 
  produce it . 
  edit : down-voted for asking for evidence ?!, 
  who inhabits this sub ... school children ?!? 
   no , they would agree with it . 
  yes , with all that money to be made selling slaves , i suppose you 're right actually . 
  shame for the slaves , though . 
   no that 's what i ca n't understand about it , no one else in the uk sings it , does england not have enough culture of its own for better songs ? 
  you 're really taking this too superficially . 
  the song itself is somewhat irrelevant . 
  it 's the principle that it 's ok for some people to sing about this stuff , whereas it 's not ok for others . 
  none of this stuff happened within living memory . 
  somebody above said `` we starved their people '' . 
  did we ?!, 
  i must have been out of it to not remember a think like that . 
  if unity/kumbayah/friendship is what we 're working toward , none of this stuff contributes to it . 
  on both sides . 
   but why , when no objective evidence has come out , would sanctions be placed ? 
  for the same old reasons . 
  need an enemy . . russian bogeyman . . blah blah blah . 
  it suits the western governments for assad to go and for the fundamentalist nutters to get in . 
  russia has basically humiliated them by doing very quickly the one thing they were pretending to do all along ... bring the war to and end . 
  you would rather the islamic fundamentalists got in instead of him ? 
   iraq and libya are both better of then they were pre-intervention . 
  i think the inhabitants ( both refugees and those who remained ) would probably disagree with this . 
   it 's only england that ever sings it aswell just be honest , this is what you do n't like about it . 
  edit : if you want some ruk comparable stuff , just go to any celtic game . 
   i do n't think you can compare the tragic ballad of the fields of athenry to 10 german bombers . 
  why ? 
  they both speak to historic acts of aggression perpetrated on a country . 
  in fact , one is far more `` historic '' than the other . 
   singing a stupid song on your todd in a pub is n't that bad , thousands of people chanting at an international football game is . 
  why ? 
  syria is n't directly comparable because the dictator has n't been deposed yet . 
  in fact he 's winning the war , thank goodness . 
  see iraq , libya for further details . 
  christ ... 
  i do n't really give a toss either way . 
  very little offends me . 
  my point is that this is the kind of behaviour that is usually condemned ( e.g. 
  german bombers at football matches ) . 
  of course , when certain groups of people do it it 's `` hilarious '' !, 
  there is a definite double standard at play . 
   we starved their people , they sing songs about it , get over it . 
  is it a double standard to criticise english people for singing songs about historical aggression against us ?
