hvala . 
  that guy was a fanboy of a warcriminal ? 
  i 'm glad they got him . 
  hope he rots in jail . 
  copkillers in the us . 
  that 's basically a death sentence . 
  what ? 
  really ? 
  wot why ? 
  wow thanks for the photomath one it 's really cool . 
  mate look . 
  i get it . 
  i understand your points . 
  but if i tell you that it wo n't work you ca n't just say try harder . 
  these people refuse to intergrate . 
  look at the roma population in sweden . 
  sweden of all places and they ca n't even intergrate there . 
  look at the large populations of turks in the netherlands/germany/austria . 
  many have free higher education , free everything basically and yet they are still at the bottom of the barrel societywise . 
  now look at the balkan and eastern european countries . 
  you would think developed first world nations would be able to intergrate all these different people but they did n't / could n't / failed/called it multiculti . 
  how do you expect croatia or serbia to tackle the roma problem then ? 
  we barely have functioning governments and are plagued by corruption and yet our primary concern should be educating roma ? 
  we have programs for them . 
  they do n't show up for school etc. 
  what are you gon na do sterilize them so they do n't have 20 children ? 
  criminilize begging or soliciting ? 
  take away the children on what basis . 
  i admire your sense of iddylic vision but you also have to be grounded in reality . 
  also dude you should change your username that shit is fucked up . 
  good . 
  i really hope orban gets kicked out of his position as soon as possible . 
  he 's like a russian cheerleader . 
  hungary needs a leader who actually cares about hungary . 
  no jesus/jan pawel statues anymore ? 
  awww ,, 
  wait is he actualy a chetnik like fullblown let 's genocide !, 
  or just ... 
  i do n't get it ur-namma objasni lipo molim te . 
  that was during the revolution and stalinist purges . 
  look at russia before 1900 '' . 
  hell they were on par with most of western europe . 
  even during soviet times they were cranking out quite a few bright minds . 
  stop downplaying russia . 
  i do n't like where they are headed but give credit where credit is due . 
  right . 
  i mean it says right in the article that she is n't particalarly fond of her job so i just thought why not just live off the dole if you do n't have anything else . 
  makes sense now . 
  oh god . 
  i know my history . 
  you bring up some fine points but remember there is the host country and as well as the attitudes of the roma themself . 
  also  crnaruka you fokkin w0t m8 ? 
  i see . 
  wow . 
  i like how you generalize all the albanians for what happens inside international crime cartels mate . 
  should i also think lowly of portugese because of what some of your brothers or sisters are doing or have done ? 
  wot the flying fuck . 
  why would you resort to prostitution in denmark of all places . 
  do n't you guys have like a super efficient ss service ? 
  wot . 
  nothing ??? 
  women are nice tho . 
  gib clay . 
  i know . 
  i 'm just saying it 's more like ceuta or mellile then oh let 's say hong kong or macau . 
  it still is more oriented towards relaxation and vacationing rather then work . 
  but overall you are right . 
  topkek . 
  montenegro it is then . 
  falklands is nice . 
  what about straya ? 
  why ? 
  i mean do n't get me wrong . 
  cyprus is beautifull but these kind of islands are more for relaxation/retirement/raising children rather then work etc. 
  basically he was the head honco and supported the corrupting infrastructure . 
  without him the chain breaks and collapses . 
  also the void he 's leaving behind will not be filled up with another carbon copy of himself but rather be distrubuted throughout the city . 
  thanks for the compliment mate but croatia is not nearly finished shedding it 's former socialist corruption skin . 
  i 'd argue that slovenia is in a better position . 
  you guys managed to keep your country together without serious war and on top of that jump right in the eu . 
  big props to slovenia . 
  do n't downplay your country brate . 
  maribor is bootiful btw . 
  topkek m8 . 
  where are you from ? 
  no really i was just having a jab at you . 
  obviously you arent retarded as well . 
  living uo to your username . 
  god is a serb right . 
  atleast our capital was n't burned to the ground 44 times . 
  you guys started so many wars and lost all of them . 
  face it the only thing you had to show for it were dead serbs and territorial loss . 
  fact is that i 'd rather turkey join the eu then serbia . 
  so mad . 
  jasenovac best day of my lyfe . 
  u mad chetnik ? 
  well . 
  you are n't european . 
  you also will never be . 
  is it so hard for you to understand ?
