  if you want . 
  you can look through my post history . 
  you wo n't find stormfront content but keep telling yourself that . 
  as for your eloquent rebuttal . 
  it should be you that needs to brush up on reading comprehension . 
  this is the eu . 
  not the planetery union . 
  refugees are a ok . economic migrants are not . 
  they are not welcome . 
  no country accepts low skilled eco migrants unless they are educated or have money to start with . 
  i will again stress the point that the eastern countries are not migrants but citizens . 
  as such they have no obligation to answer to anyone . 
  the situation of the med migrants is irrelevant as to if they want to work or not . 
  they are n't getting in unless they are refugees . 
  this is a basic tenant of the eu . 
  tbh i wish slavs would stop immigrating to the west . 
  the best and brightest leave to get spit on by far right wingers who look down on them . 
  i have a aunt that has to wait for weeks to get a scan or visit a specialist because germans and brits actively recruit doctors and nurses straight out of school and leave the \u00e9migr\u00e9 countries burdened with the cost of their education . 
  by all means import as much of them as possible . 
  maybe my people will return home once there are enough middle eastern and african replacements so that they are n't usefull anymore . 
  sure wages may suck but the situation is improving exponentially . 
  unless you want a bmw and a small castle i do n't see the reason why anyone would migrate from the ee countries . 
  his logic is flawless . 
  his people are eu citizens hence they get a right to work , travel and live anywhere they want . 
  i do n't known if you realised but this is called the european union . 
  not the planetary union . 
  if some unskilled congolese wants to come here for the douh he is shit out of luck . 
  depressing wages of the lowest echelons of our society is not how you make the world a better place . 
  economic migrants are a symptom . 
  we are treating a symptom instead of fixing the root of the problem . 
   if he gets to do * that , i get to to that great !, 
  i get to do it too ' give me my bike back you kraut nazi . 
  since your people are immigrating to my country that means that the dutch are superior to germans . 
  you should listen to someone who is superior you poor poor sjw . 
  why do n't you wrap your lips around jamal and give him a big kiss . 
  would n't want to upset your delusional worldviews . 
  what 's next ? 
  open borders kaiser ? 
  king stefan aliv in bosnia , remove fez . 
  dat imperial butthurt . 
  makes me feel good to be a slav . 
  we now switched to hating turks . 
  gib money and clay . 
  you are right . 
  i might have used too strong of a word . 
  you forgot bosnia . 
  when we tried to secede we were almost carved up . 
  got a genocide as a farewell package from our `` brothers . '', 
  i hope the macedonians massacre these terrorists . 
  you should n't back down so easily . 
  if a shit for brains kraut sjw calls you a racist you defend yourself hungrybro . 
  while i enjoy your cancerous comments , you should be ashamed of yourself . 
  not long ago your people tried to genocide more then half of europe and now you are on your high horse , shittalking to a hungarian . 
  so what , his country is shit compared to germany . 
  how about that communist yoke after being liberated from the nazis . 
  i see your type alot . 
  you speak but do n't think . 
  try to be witty with percieved edgy comments but the truth is you are the cancer that is killing europe . 
  mindlessly defending these immigrants ( most of which are economic and not refugees ) while discounting other opinions without a second thought . 
  shame on you . 
  unfortunately . 
  are you serious ? 
  source on that ? 
  it would explain alot . 
  last time i was there i saw alot of wahabbis . 
  they were getting funded by saudis from swiss and austrian bankaccounts . 
  we need more people like you . 
  btw . 
  hungarian minority , best minority . 
  i am not talking about the karadzordevic totalitarian mutts . 
  there are 3 royal houses . 
  the savoys , trpomirovic and habsburgs . 
  those were all ok-ish . 
  by all means , keep hating the houses but greater serbia was never gon na happen . 
  ustashe were nationalists , not anti monarchists . 
  they even tried to install the savoys back on the croatian throne . 
  why do you think viktor immaneals grandson is named tomislav ? 
  for the other balkan countries i could care less . 
  i am specifically talking about slovenia,croatia,bosnia-hercegovina . 
  the serbs , montenegrins etc can have the karas . 
  monarchy is n't evil or bad . 
  look at northern/western europe . 
  all have a monarchy , all are progressive/stable , all are wealthy . 
  unless you have a tinpot dictator that is incompetent . 
  chances are a constitutional monarchy with some devolved powers is a better option . 
  does it sound familiar to you ? 
  so much bad history . 
  i am going to have a field day with this one . 
  yes . 
  people knew . 
  it was a unspoken secret . 
  do n't be naive . 
  you mean enthropy ? 
  good riddence . 
  no love for that fucker . 
  lol . 
  is he delusional ? 
  what did he say ? 
  his comment is deleted . 
  nevermind .
