  and ? 
  we also recycle , think about our carbon footprint and actually drive innovation to combat these negative effects and actually improve quality of life . 
  thems fighting words . 
  racist !, 
  be carefull now . 
  that kind of talk could easily get you banned . 
  good for you m8 . 
  stop bullying him . 
  nato will bomb you . 
  i do n't know what is worse . 
  the millenials or the boomers . 
  both are a cancer on the earth in my eyes . 
  that is seems tiresome to do . 
  here it 's mostly skinny jeans , sneakers and blazers . 
  just no . 
  you can try , 
  i still do n't see how that makes them hungarian . 
  wait what ? 
  explain please . 
  the habsburgs are austrian , not hungarian . 
  also give reparations to bosnia , croatia and slovenia . 
  first of all . 
  you are quite wrong about the `` spreading '' . 
  number one , the conquests were mostly expeditionary . 
  with the exception of maybe soutwest russia and the crimean peninsula . 
  exploration and skrimishes for slaves , artisans , arable land and loot . 
  the armies were no more larger then 50k . 
  i do n't know what you are imagining when you think they conquered an area but the populations mostly fled or were exterminated . 
  besides , the occupations were n't that long to have an impact as you see . 
  high cheek bones , eye shape , hair color . 
  these are slavic , not really mongoloid . 
  number 2 , if you really really want to see mixing between `` european '' and mongoloid genes . 
  i suggest you look at the likes of kazachstans ( really any - stan country ) and my favorite example is persia . 
  besides . 
  if you really do n't believe me , you can look up matrilinial and patrilinial haplogroups on google for the countries you are interesting . 
  except for the magyars which are distantly related to the huns etc. 
  are you implying conquest = settlement ? 
  what the fuck are you talking about mongol ? 
  are you retarded or do you just pretend to be ignorant ? 
  there is a shitton of those in ghana and south africa . 
  zimbabwe not so much . 
  south africa might be your best bet if you want ethnic immigration of traditionally european communties . 
  populated by tainos ? 
  about 10 to 12 million colonial germans from eastern europe if my memory serves me correctly . 
  that 's like 25 milimaos . 
  holy shit . 
  p a t r i o t s a t r i o t s, 
  how many stalins is that ? 
  how about a foot ? 
  do n't forget homogenous . 
  have fun :3, 
  1 . yup 2 . 
  then you will have no problem with chekov . 
  the guy just has a way of describing people that just clicks . 
  here are a few qoutes to get you fired up  if you ca n't distinguish people from lap-dogs , you should n't undertake philanthropic work . 
   the unhappy are egotistical , base , unjust , cruel , and even less capable of understanding one another than are idiots . 
  unhappiness does not unite people , but separates them ...  each of us is full of too many wheels , screws and valves to permit us to judge one another on a first impression or by two or three external signs . 
   you look at any poetic creature : muslin , ether , demigoddess , millions of delights ; then you look into the soul and find the most ordinary crocodile !, 
   the sea has neither meaning nor pity . 
   it is not only the prisoners who grow coarse and hardened from corporeal punishment , but those as well who perpetrate the act or are present to witness it . 
   life is a vexatious trap ; when a thinking man reaches maturity and attains to full consciousness he can not help feeling that he is in a trap from which there is no escape . 
   there is nothing more awful , insulting , and depressing than banality . 
   death can only be profitable : there 's no need to eat , drink , pay taxes , offend people , and since a person lies in a grave for hundreds or thousands of years , if you count it up the profit turns out to be enormous . 
   by poeticizing love , we imagine in those we love virtues that they often do not possess ; this then becomes the source of constant mistakes and constant distress . 
   who keeps the tavern and serves up the drinks ? 
  the peasant . 
  who squanders and drinks up money belonging to the peasant commune , the school , the church ? 
  the peasant . 
  who would steal from his neighbor , commit arson , and falsely denounce another for a bottle of vodka ? 
  the peasant . 
   people who live alone always have something on their minds that they would willingly share . 
   there are no small number of people in this world who , solitary by nature , always try to go back into their shell like a hermit crab or a snail . 
   if you really think about it , everything is wonderful in this world , everything except for our thoughts and deeds when we forget about the loftier goals of existence , about our human dignity . 
   better a debauched canary than a pious wolf . 
   country acquaintances are charming only in the country and only in the summer . 
  in the city in winter they lose half of their appeal . 
   by nature servile , people attempt at first glance to find signs of good breeding in the appearance of those who occupy more exalted stations . 
   love , friendship , respect , do not unite people as much as a common hatred for something . 
  hope this helps indibro !, 
  i read it in bosnian/croatian . 
  on russian literature . 
  basically anything by tolstoy and chekov is solid gold . 
  they are also a bit more digestable . 
  warning for chekov , not for the fainthearted . 
  the man is a depression train of feels . 
  i admit . 
  doestoyevski does to much descriptive rants . 
  the amount of detail he puts in a scene is enough to make a small play about but if you are able to power through it you get a real gem of a book . 
  it is an amazing book . 
  read it . 
  now !, 
  i agree . 
  have a nice day, 
  all of it !, 
  not kebab . 
  of rightfull clayclaimers . 
  do n't jinx me . 
  we might dissappear if you stare to long !, 
  bosniak catholic here . 
  we do exist .
