  well . 
  if your goal in life is to be held to the same standards as the albanians and russians . 
  then yes . 
  there are double standards . 
  this is why we ca n't have nice things . 
  i 'm not talking about albanians . 
  i 'm talking about you . 
  that makes it ok ? 
  instead of living as a minority they seek their own republics . 
  newsflash kid . 
  if you do n't like it you can immigrate . 
  that is a viable option . 
  ethnic cleansing is not one of them . 
  keep believing your bullshit . 
  coming into other peoples countries and declaring republics while demonising the kosovars for doing the same thing . 
  reality seems to suck for you . 
  i 'd rather be a small irrelevant state then be part of a block and 40 years down the line get genocided by my supposed `` brothers '' in my own country . 
  edit  royalty hahah you actualy believe that shit ? 
  why not ? 
   nationalism and nationalist voices down by ruthlessly imprisoning , executing and kidnapping his opposition and those who wanted change . 
  what is the right to selfdetermination but to govern yourself without outside influence . 
  ever heard of goli otok brate ? 
   rebuilt and organized yugoslavia . 
  this is not a hard thing to do as the countries were already a rubble . 
  rebuilding and reorganizing is not hard if you start from scratch and crush the opposition  created an actual economy for the benefit of a select few . 
  also look up the catch up effect . 
  economic progress would have happened anyway . 
  i would have much preffered if we went with the marshall plan . 
  i know we would basically be under pax americana but look what happened when we tried it ourselves . 
   raised yugoslavias international standing the non alligned movement ? 
  i admit that was quite cool but other then that we did n't have that much prestige m8 . 
  if you want prestige we could bring back royalty . 
  this is one of my biggest points for yugoslavia and might be one of the reasons why the balkans is a shithole . 
  hell , even sweden , the bastion of progessivenes is a monarchy . 
  it brings stability , prestige etc. 
  it is basically the personification of the country itself . 
  i always wonder what would have happened if the slovenes and croats had the savoys , bosnains the trpomirovici and serbs the karadzordevics . 
  maybe things might have gone differently . 
  the soviets knew what kind of soft power monarchy had . 
  that 's why they always targeted them first . 
   pretty good military . 
  with all serb officers . 
  that worked out well . 
   crazy commie dictator like caucescu , hoxha , honecler right . 
  he was just a degenerate that preached socialist values while fucking american actresses . 
  building a cult of personality around him and all the fucking peasants believed him . 
  this is propaganda 101 serbbro . 
  do n't let yourself get caught by the pink gaze of nostalgia and goold old day stories . 
   yugoslavs were allowed to travel anywhere atleast one thing that was ok . 
  this opened up a can of worms later for the yugoslav wars for independence . 
   watch and listen anything nope . 
  censorship was widespread . 
  you know the joke about the yugoslav secret service and rock and roll ? 
   he really was not anything like stalin bruh . 
  while he was n't stalin per se . 
  as in starving 10 million people and gulags and all that naughty stuff . 
  he was still closer to stalin then let 's say american or british leaders . 
  your flair says diaspora . 
  where are you now if i may ask ? 
  awww :3 . 
  hope the kid comes out healthy . 
  too bad we do n't a monarchy :(, 
  he was little stalin mate . 
  instead of becoming the yugoslav oblast we became the sfyr . 
  it was his own fiefdom were he could whatever he wanted . 
  i get the romatization of him by the older generation but he truly was a incompetent wanker . 
  agree . 
  as much as i dislike the soviets and their fucking tito puppet . 
  i also do n't have any love for the germans that used us and set us up against eachother . 
  fuck the partizans and fuck the ustashe and fuck the cetniks . 
  i 'd like a source on that . 
  please stop . 
  you know it 's illegal to fire shots in europe . 
   webhyperion namestealer !, 
  noooooo . 
  the germans will be coming now . 
  horseshoe theory . 
  also we have communists . 
  is no place for tourism commrade klaus, 
  yesyes , very terrible . 
  no towels here . 
   croatian coast lies !, 
  we have no coasts !, 
  pls take em back . 
  you get workvisas in return !, 
  edit : no one can beat abbasids and their thousand man royal house . 
  it basically becomes muslim marriage simulator 2 . 
  makes sense . 
  let 's agree to agree , 
  why the netherlands though . 
  i hope so . 
  i love everything persian . 
  from their history to their culture and people . 
  saudi arabia can fall apart for all i care . 
  which one . 
  wilhelm the second ? 
  you should take him back . 
  i do n't understand this boner that the french and british have for eastern rulers . 
  half the dictators/emirs/kings fled to paris or london after their deposition . 
  be turk bro and take back the osmans .
