  i think those two and those two only should be the focus of the eu and not federalisation . 
  which ofcourse its fine . 
  you are probably one of those types that screams about the lisbon agreement all the time . 
  makes sense i guess . 
  belgium does house most of the eu institutions . 
  does that have any effects on the populace in general ? 
  how is the eu percieved in belgie ? 
  definitely the transparency and bloating of a parallel supranational organisation that has the power to undermine even the wellbeing of a nation state for the greater good . 
  a small example would be banning red diesel . 
  good points . 
  has france seen any signs or symptoms from the economic crisis since 2008 ? 
  bureaucracy is a problem to you . 
  fair enough . 
  you might be on to something . 
  what else could we expect for the eu which is basically starting to become a paralel government to the aleady established states . 
  i see . 
  thank you for your opinion . 
  i really like norway btw . 
  fair enough, 
  very good statement . 
  i 'm conflicted right now . 
  no need to be rude . 
  we are opening a dialoge towards debate . 
  not ridicule . 
  well . 
  im slavic and grew up in nl . 
  i have travelled alot and seen both sides of the coin . 
  im telling you that no you giving up your sovereignty so that the eastern countries will prosper will not work . 
  besides you have already done that . 
  it seems to me that even though we want to say the eu is united it seems to me that the western countries just use the eastern and southern ones as a source of cheap labour . 
  and eastern countries are poor as fuck atm because russia . 
  thanks stalin . 
  i agree . 
  hmh . 
  good points here . 
  but for me it 's kind of the opposite . 
  whereas nations could have regulated and protected themselves through measures during the economic crisus and now the migrant crisis . 
  is n't it a bit of whishfull thinking that you will keep seeing yourself as a dane first and european second with what is going on in eu parliament . 
  e.g spindoctoring , no allowing leaving the union and the mentality of you are with us or against us like the case of switserland . 
  but since you are dutch . 
  you would willingly give up parts of your sovereignty to brussels ? 
  i mean the netherlands has been one of the members for a long time . 
  i grew up here . 
  as far as im concerned the eu is a cancer qua supranational organisation and the economic aspects could have been regulated without the involvment of it . 
  which it had intended to do . 
  i wish you well likewise . 
  belgium stronk and take care . 
  what human rights are violated . 
  please tell me . 
  oh , and did you read my edit post ? 
  just so you know i was a refugee myself during the balkan wars . 
  we lost our home , family and country , everything . 
  my parents still did not do the kind of stuff these supposed refugees in calais are doing so yeah fuck off mate . 
  fuck off with this shite already . 
  edit : just so you know . 
  these people `` without human rights '' are robbing people on highways by laying on the road . 
  multiple cases have already surfaced where some were run over . 
  furthermore let 's not forget how they attack and taunt the ferrydrivers , one was already stabbed . 
  if you ask me they do n't deserve rights since they are illegals , do n't have any documentation ( on purpose ) and come to the eu to leech off of it instead of creating something in their own countries . 
  but noooooo let 's give em human rights and protection cuz risking the safety of your citizens is less important than giving some wannabee refugee a cushy life . 
  fuck you mate and your liberal fuckbuddies . 
  what ? 
  i live in the netherlands . 
  i 'm not proud . 
  i am `` insert nationality '' but im not a european nor will i ever be . 
  in fact as soon as i get my degree i 'm bailing out . 
  do n't care . 
  high taxes , people are shite , culture as well . 
  i have to live in a neigborhood full of immigrants and i 'm scared whenever i have to leave my fucking house . 
  so yeah . 
  i 'm out . 
  got nothing against europhiles but not my cup of thee . 
  cheers, 
  it 's called yellow journalism . 
  look it up before you try to act like a psychologist . 
  i hate that fucking style of building . 
  the cities i mostly visit are being swarmed with expats that are coming back and building these cancerous monstrosities . 
  they destroyed the surounding of my base city . 
  do n't be obtuse . 
  you know what he meant . 
  unsubbed sam vec i jebo sam ratchetu po spisku . 
  check mod list . 
  i 'm kind of on your side on this one . 
  we went to war and buried the hatchet . 
  time will heal all wounds and i speak this as a refugee from the bosnian war . 
  this however does not excuse what the albanians are doing . 
  what are you on about ? 
  jeban sam . 
  is this for real ? 
  alright fuck this . 
  unsubbed . 
  take that objectivity and shove it up your imperialist ass . 
  it seems alright for a brit to defend a chetnik . 
  did you vote in favor of him ? 
  should n't have started a world war then m80 . 
  oooo noo you didnt . 
  remove serb . 
  oluja best day of my lyfe . 
  krajina no more !, 
  yes !,
