  i do n't really have a dog in the game as most of my yugo brothers ( refugee ) . 
  cheers ,, 
  glad to hear . 
  come at me bro . 
  well . 
  i can tell you something as i have spent a year on a exchange program there . 
  what it comes down to is that no one really likes or cares about them . 
  they mostly are concentrated in one village . 
  it 's called gornja maoco . 
  google it . 
  it has a ton of articles . 
  anyway . 
  you might ask yourself why there are wahabbis in bih ? 
  the aswser is easy . 
  money . 
  they pay people to convert . 
  it happens via a swiss company funded by saudis . 
  you get like 500 euro a month . 
  which is quite a lot for uneducated hicks . 
  the catch is most bosnian muslims are really laid back so those that convert to wahabbi style are checked up by people from those communities . 
  a bit of selfpolicing . 
  it 's kind of retarded really and just a fad . 
  as soon as the money dries up so will the ideology . 
  here is a relevant news article . 
  i 'm so sorry man . 
  that must have been rough . 
  if it makes you feel any better . 
  there are more of us out there . 
  just keep calm and praise the sun . 
  ivo andric , the bridge on the drina . 
  it 's quite a fascinating read . 
  ouch , brings back yugo memories . 
  thanks for the pics executivemonkey . 
  quite interesting . 
  other way around , and i live in belgium atm . 
  nope . 
  i was using the word convert in the sense of i have shed my beliefs and view of the eu which were fundamentally flawed and not based in reality but more as a manifestation of a grudge . 
  simply put i 'm a critical person and i will always be but if you think that i will become a drone that hails to the european reich you are sorely mistaken . 
  cheers ,, 
  no it was mostly because the kind of camaraderie that was shown . 
  i always saw the eu as an organisation that undermined the nations it was in but spending time in this sub and seeing how people retained their identity all the while they still interacted on a higher level with eachother was kind of heartwarming . 
  well , i started out indifferent but when shit hit the fan in 08 ' i saw alot of people going under and basically everything went to shit around here . 
  kind of resented it because it just so happened when i had to start going to college and go jobhunting . 
  a bit unfortunate and the resentment kinda grew towards the eu . 
  not anymore tho . 
  was kind of an edgy teenager . 
  yes , thank you for contributing . 
  portugal is bootiful btw . 
  i knew a portugese girl . 
  oh my god . 
  well , just an observation really . 
  already ahead of ya . 
  alrighty then . 
  eu space war when ? 
  yeah . 
  i already saw this coming but hey i just had to get it off my chest . 
  high five back . 
  ouch . 
  that must suck . 
  im sorry but could you explain what 's so special about 3dom ? 
  i 'm not really up to date . 
  i actually really like belgium more so then the netherlands ( ik bedoel er niks mee ) . 
  it 's not that you guys are better or worse it 's just that you offer more internationallity ??? 
  or something like that . 
  seems hard to explain . 
  look at it this way . 
  in ghent were im right now we have a ton of foreigners as wel , lots of people from everywhere . 
  compare that to a similair dutch city like say maastricht and you quickly see that the appeal just is n't really there . 
  can confirm . 
  good mindset . 
  next time half of germany is occupied and your women are getting raped do n't count on others ubermensch . 
  dissolved . 
  hopefully . 
  no not really . 
  i just want opinions . 
  could n't really care about data . 
  it 's all a google search away . 
  but thank you anyway for sharing . 
  you said pick and choose . 
  we all know you ca n't do that in the eu since the lisbon declaration . 
  just look at switserland and what happened when they did it . 
  democratically i might add . 
  ouch . 
  i read all of it . 
  i 'm so sorry what happened to poland . 
  both before and now . 
  i guess germans really need their cheap labor . 
  fuck the poles and their industry am i right ? 
  frankfurt needs it 's stockprices up . 
  and yes i see what you have written and this is not the first time nor the last time this happens . 
  just look at croatia and how after joining the eu the fishing industry collapsed overnight . 
  not to mention the shipyards are now starting to grumble and we had to sell and privatise almost everything . 
  but hey atleast we can borrow money from the ecb now . 
  it seems to me that the western nations treat the poorer ones like vassal states instead of full fledged members . 
  seems plausible . 
  have an upvote and thank you for contibuting . 
  well . 
  im an eurosceptic and i frequent this sub . 
  what you said about those 2 things . 
  freedom of movement and free trade .
