  nice try erdogan . 
  yes . 
  turkey has an interpretation of the geneva convention , and it never ratified the second amendend version . 
  they only take europeans . 
  kill it . 
  kill it with fire . 
  yes i understand the advantages of a weak germany gives to the other big boys . 
  i do n't understand halving of a deeply connected country and a cushion state like poland and what you are trying to say with it . 
  70 years of shame is a small price to pay for what they did to eastern europe . 
  if they would prefer to settle the debt then germany would have been turned into a t-34 parking garage and playinground for ivans . 
  you understand ? 
  france did not punish germany unfairly . 
  the treaty of versailles is way overblown by nationalist germans . 
  it is extremely hypocritical considering what kind of treaty the germans only months before gave the russians . 
  i do n't give a shit if you are a jew . 
  as a matter of fact , you basically monopolized the word genocide . 
  more slavs were murdered and yet the only thing germans care about are the joooos . 
  so spare me your forgiving victim complex . 
   but let me tell you that i once was in a museum exhibiting wwi events from prussia 's perspective.there was a big poster that told the prussian soldiers `` do n't let a jewish mother cry '' , implying they should also keep fighting for their jewish fellows in the trenches . 
  how nice of them . 
  was her son crushing a polish rebelion or something ? 
   besides all , two things . 
  today , i 'd be soooo happy if russia could taste a bit of its own annexing medicine . 
  and secondly , wwii wiped effectively out a culture , the prussian one . 
  my mother 's uncle was born in territories that now are poland and it 's the little things that i regret we 've lost . 
  for one , they ate sweet salad . 
  so you were basically german colonists and your reminiscing about that ? 
  wow . 
  no words . 
   they had truly a remarkable sense of duty . 
  during the english victorian age , bismarck implemented the first pension system in the world . 
  he fought to have a secular state . 
  it 's the german emperor ( prussian king ) who said `` i 'm the first servant of my country '' he also advocated genocide of eastern european nations and basically laid the groundwork for his junckers to dominate in the nazi apparatus . 
  you really seem like a sick person or just horribly misinformed . 
  either way i look forward to seeing the response of a prussian apologist . 
  the prussians were a militaristic and monstrous people . 
  just out of curiosity , do you have a german or polish last name ? 
  if it 's polish then disregard my colonist comment . 
  do n't worry mate . 
  i know that they stole the name from a baltic tribe . 
  that is n't what i ment . 
  i specifically mentioned the junkers to circumvent confusion . 
  ah excuse me . 
  i jumped the gun a bit . 
  the junckers were destroyed because they were one of the largest supporters of nazism and contribituted the most to the ss . 
  they also dominated the upper ranks . 
  i shed no tears for the prussian people . 
  may they be forgotten as the monsters they were . 
  no they did n't . 
  most left after the war , some stayed and where later expelled . 
  this is n't because of them . 
  this is saudi funded mosques . 
  same thing happening in albania . 
  but if you piss him off too much , you might be eating some polonium soup . 
   why so aggressive mate ? 
  must be the turkish temper in you , cause you know we fucked your women for centuries which pretty much makes you partially turkish . 
  what ? 
  this just confirms my suspicion that you know nothing , maybe pick up a historybook . 
  as for the raping , enslavement , pillaging and subjugation . 
  you almost sound proud of it . 
  i 'm not your brah and it 's common knowledge that turkey is like a cheap prostitute that would bark for money . 
  your the typical turk stronk while running away to europe for those sweet sweet euros right ? 
  go back to playing cs kiddo . 
  that 's so danish of you . 
  according to a belgian newspaper . 
  the one that tried to escape was bludgeoned to death with a hammer . 
  looking forward to the day your backwater nation get 's turned into glass . 
  finally might rid the world of scum like you . 
  aww . 
  salty we removed kebab ? 
  do n't worry , we 'll be more gentle next time shitskin . 
  do n't you have some saudi cock to suck m8 ? 
  yes . 
  now awnser my question you cretin . 
  is this how the majority of turks think and behave ? 
  quick question . 
  are you turkish or something ? 
  i 've seen you in multiple posts fervently defending the turkmen rebels and conveniently ignoring evidence suggesting they are terrorists . 
  fitting username . 
   not excuse me ? 
  turks are not native to the region . 
  they colonized and subjugated the natives , same way the americans did to the indians . 
   justify murder i never said it did . 
  just that it is understandable that when fighting for independence that the former colonists become targets for cleansing . 
  i 'm not justifying it , just putting things into perspective . 
  calling him a white supremacist while defending the ottoman empire . 
  are you delusional or just a drooling moron ? 
  well , to be fair . 
  greeks are natives to the region while turks are colonists . 
   quiet , satelite state . 
  topkek . 
  the salt is real . 
  do n't worry , next war we will be more gentle . 
  should have nuked you tbh . 
   rightfully ours . 
  still salty i see . 
  italy can not into war . 
  like the fsa gives a shit . 
  they 're basically isis-lite . 
  let the russians bomb them to kingdom come .
