  i have no dog in this fight really . 
  i only support armenia because of turkeys disgustig behavior about the whole event . 
  yes he did and i do n't disagree with him . 
  yes they did but that is between us and the serbs . 
  the turks are not relevant here . 
  this is blatant whataboutism . 
  oh my god . 
  perfect bobo . 
  perfect . 
  frenkie - bosnian rapper https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=klqn-uqin0g https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5orntimy6aw edo maajka - bosnian rapper ( mixed i think ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-onaw7i70iu https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=idga5ywisi4 stoka - croatian rapper ( zagreb ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wg0yyschore, 
  nice za playlist moj . 
  thanks bro . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8hnth5jbpna this one is best imho, 
  this is what i fear most . 
  people are bitching about eastern european immigrants but w.europe would really feel the heat of open borders with africa . 
  i do n't understand people like this . 
  it 's like seeing someone advocate mass suicide on a nationwide level . 
  you are so full of shit . 
  i never said every problem was due to colonialism . 
  i am saying that the former colonial overlords have had a big part to play in it though . 
  and if you really think colonialism ended you just have to look at what anglo companies are doing ( mineral rights , food and cloth dumping resulting in impossible competition as you ca n't compete with free ) or francafrique . 
  so yes . 
  they are still fucking up and as such every mali refugee or one from cote d' ivore should be settled in france and every south african or zimbabwean to britain . 
  is it croatia/bosnia/serbias responsibility to take in these peope ? 
  i think not . 
  heck we were the ones who got colonised . 
  you do n't see us getting aid from turkey or seeking compensation from russia for imposing communism on us . 
  if you did n't want these people coming in you should 've stayed on your little island m8 . 
  now bend over . 
  why . 
  do you want a war ? 
  turkey bringing the heat . 
  i 'm starting to like you guys more and more . 
  you want open borders ? 
  why ... 
  colonize the me tho . 
  you do n't want another balkan war do you ? 
  uhm . 
  why should others pay for your mistakes . 
  i 'll give you an example . 
  should poland take in surinamers because their country is shit ? 
  by my reasoning the dutch were responsible for that and should shoulder that burden on it 's own . 
  same with these people . 
  france and britain better step the fuck up . 
  what 's the matter ? 
  do n't like it when reality hits you in the face ? 
  that is correct . 
  glad to be of service . 
  you just do n't understand do you ? 
  stay away from illyrian provinces . 
   start ww2  declare slavs subhuman . 
   rape and slaughter your way across eastern europe . 
   70 years later shitpost on reddit that ivan raped aryan princesses . 
  gib me your tears kraut . 
  why are you so mad about kalingrad ? 
  russians own it and populate it . 
   bosniaks let me stop you right there . 
  intermarriage was extremely rare in the balkans . 
  we were a colony . 
  this is not the same . 
  after we got annexed to austria there was a exodus of turks and general muslim population . 
  we now have around 10k of them left . 
  so no . 
  we are not descended from turks and nor are the albanians . 
  this is a commom misconception as people view religion as a etnicity there . 
  why the fuck were your people in the balkans in the first place huh ? 
  i did n't know . 
  well then . 
  we can finish this . 
  :( stay strong nedervriend . 
  there is no need to be snarky . 
  i was just awnsering your question . 
  how does that even work ? 
  do you have a hook nose ? 
  do you have a skullcap ? 
  do you have the star of david visibly on you ? 
  do you rub your hands together greedily ? 
  are you a banker ? 
  do you feed on the foreskins of babies ? 
  if none of the above apply then i do n't know how that would fit . 
  murderers that would kill a man for his faith . 
  what do you want me to say ? 
  brown or black muslims ? 
  because that 's what they are . 
  reinstate the post . 
  so you openly admit to being tolerant of these kind of people ? 
  rekt, 
  you are being tolerant of the intolerant . 
  i do n't know why but i kind of agree with you in a twisted way . 
  i know man . 
  i grew up here too . 
  i can almost verbatim relate to your situation word for word . 
  the only difference is that i went to a shitty part of school and most of the mena immigrant children were huge pieces of shit . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  my best friend is moroccan and i would die for him and he would return the favor as we grew up together . 
  but the sheer amount of violence and bullying that happened is something i never really prepared for . 
  it was basically a free for all . 
  thank god i got my grades up so they transfered us to the gymnasium down the road . 
  as for the culture towards women . 
  you are correct there as well .
