  they did n't like to be identified as russians in public . 
  the story was that russians get lots of hate for no reason . 
  well , i 'm not one to nitpick but when you are opressed for a couple of decades and on top of that , you get your pretty little velvet revolution crushed with tanks . 
  it builds resentment . 
  not that i condone it . 
   since kind of look middle-eastern , it happened on numerous occasions that i 'd try to order chicken or beef , and get served pork . 
  why ? 
  because i guess that some czechs think its funny to trick arabs into eating pork , and those dudes are apparently too ignorant to be able to identify one properly . 
  your spelling is atrocious btw . 
  this seems particularly shitty and i have a hard time believing this happened . 
  are you sure you were in prague or some ghetto ? 
   had some black friends . 
  they hated prague . 
  to a man . 
  apparently , the worst part of it was dating a girl , because apparently , 10 years ago , czech families did ' t accept seeing their daughters dating a black man . 
  generally , they 'd mostly take the first train to berlin every damned weekend , because that 's how much they hated prague . 
  they hated prague because women would n't fuck them ? 
  wow , that entitlement . 
  also nice jumping to conclusions that they did n't want anything to do with them since they were black . 
  seems to me your friends just have a disgusting attitude towards women . 
  what were you guys even doing that warranted you being in czechia but still being able to get on a train to berlin ? 
  this keeps getting shadier and shadier . 
  are you sure you 're not sex tourists ? 
   knew a lady who was a university lecturer . 
  she was croatian and had been living in prague for over a decade . 
  in those days apparently whether or not you have the right to become a citizen , is a subjective decision which depended entirely on your case officer . 
  i do n't think that this poor university lecturer ever got to be a czech citizen . 
  sovereign nations have the right to deny or accept citizenship as is their right . 
  this also seems very shady to me as how you describe it . 
  czech republic is not some banana republic or an african shithole , it was more developed then most of yugoslavia and we still had our shit together . 
  i find this hard to believe but i 'll give you the benefit of the doubt . 
   skinhead violence was a thing in prague when i lived there . 
  unfortunate but it 's not the only place that it happens . 
   when i was there 10 years ago , roma in usti nad lebem lived in a walled-in ghetto . 
  just like in the warsaw ghetto in the film `` the pianist '' . 
  it shocked me so hard that i said `` fuck this country '' packed my bags & left within a month . 
  ever wondered why they were there ? 
  if i have anything to go on is that they chose to live there . 
  roma have the tendency to refuse to intergrate and actively segregate themselves from the rest . 
  looking forward to your response on my questions . 
  no , what i meant was that your full of shit . 
  tell that to mult kulti merkel dude . 
  i 'm on your side . 
  was n't there some harvard study that said that the more diverse the neighborhood is , the worse it 's off ? 
  social cohesion , trust in institutions , self segregation , white flight etc. 
  i know about most of the stuff . 
  i was just puzzled at how the jews turned against the polish . 
  i mean do n't get me wrong , but if you ass is being persecuted and hunted down and this nation offers you sanctuary for multiple centuries . 
  i 'd expect some gratitude , not a stab in the back . 
  btw , pulled some articles and reading about it right now . 
  thanks for the info though . 
  got me curious . 
  holy shit . 
  i 'm watching the vid now . 
  i guess i am gon na pick up that book at the store near uni . 
  they just got a history of poland , the eagle through time . 
  nordstream good southstream bad . 
  never change merkelland , never change that hypocricy . 
  it is perfectly acceptable to maintain homogenity . 
  i love how you keep getting downvoted even though everything you say is completely valid . 
  fuck this thread . 
  so much bullshit . 
  i think i need to lie down . 
   polish-jewish deterioration just out of curiosity . 
  can you explain to me ? 
  i 'm an amateur historian and as far as i remember polacks were some of the most tolerant of jews in europe . 
  what did they do to change that ? 
  the humanitarian superpower !, 
  do n't forget to fabricate some claims dude . 
  immigrants and germans . 
  i hope he 's a troll . 
  ah missed that . 
  disregard what i said . 
   it goes against eastern europe too what made you say this . 
  i do n't understand why you felt the need to specifically mention us . 
  ehh , so what 's up dude ? 
  can you guys handle it ? 
  shhhhh !, 
  do n't reveal our secrets brit . 
  solidarity in the eu ? 
  oh please , do n't be so naive man . 
  the entire thing was started as a franco-german powerblock and that 's what it is to this day and probably will never change . 
  i do n't know what my goverment was thinking when they joined . 
  that suddenly everything was gon na be easier or better economic projections ? 
  emigration from croatia is growing at a staggering amount . 
  it 's not even funny . 
  the thing that gets me the most is that we do n't even have it all that bad . 
  sure you ca n't pick up a ps4 willy nilly but you wo n't starve to death , you have a roof over your head , if you work hard you can get somewhere . 
  people trade social cohesion and their pride to be looked down upon and spat by the very same people they supposedly look up too . 
  it 's frankly sickening . 
  my parents did n't bleed so they could have their independence from yugoslavia only for their son to run of to somewhere to be a gastarbeiter . 
  on the point of starting fights against injustices . 
  it would never work right now . 
  we had a chance a couple of decades ago but it 's too late now . 
  we are client states in all but name . 
  which uni are you going to ? 
  out of curiosity . 
  honestly , i have played with the thought of that being their endgoal but trust me that if it ever came to that , germans would pay in blood . 
  us eastern europeans are a meek and mellow people untill you push too hard . 
  what happens after that , well , ask berliners .
