  but he was right wing so it 's ok . / s, 
  get your own glorious leader , we are working on reviving him as a commie zombie but have had no succes as of yet . 
  ca n't you ask some swede to rule you guys ? 
  they 're basically commies . 
  get in line then !, 
  they are trying to shut down that channel for `` hatespeech '' . 
  i wish they were n't . 
  i hate that style of architecture with a passion . 
  fucking commieblocks should be obliterated with a orbital bombardment . 
  preferably with nuclear tipped warheads . 
  we could buy some from the russians . 
  she is etnically german . 
  you wo n't hear a peep from the east about this , they do n't care . 
  germans are like uzbeks/caucasus people to them , meaning scum . 
  ~ sobietski aliv in polka , winged hussar charge into male migrant ranks , no survivors , take austrian money and return home to feast ~, 
  fuck that guy to death . 
  https://bs.wikipedia.org/wiki/pivara_tuzla it 's not dutch , they ca n't brew beer to save their lives . 
  may heineken burn in frisia !, 
  why is that a joke ? 
  it was literally the name of the city for centuries and only changed 100 years ago . 
  the german minority was one of the most cited and used reason for partition and annexation an partition of the commonwealth and ultimately the attempted genocide . 
  nah thanks , belgian beer sucks . 
  yes , i know and that 's what i said . 
  too bad we ca n't take the turkish route . 
  if war broke out in turkey then they can flee to europe and if war broke out in europe it 's vice verce . 
  i believe this would n't cause any issues as turkey ( as much shit as it gets ) is still in the european theatre . 
  compare that to for example millions of turks or europeans fleeing to syria or saudi arabia and there would be riots and ethnic cleansing . 
  the geneva convetion is just a retarded piece of paper we should destroy it . 
  you make it sound like a bad thing . 
  you are n't obligated to give them anything except for asylum and basic living . 
  the above poster seems to confuse turkeys interpretation of what constitutes asylum with western europes approach of `` lol here 's some money m8 . '', 
  we said the same thing about yugoslavia . 
  we ended up genociding eachother despite our similairities . 
  i 'm not saying that is your future , just that civil war is n't something that 's impossible to happen . 
  hell , the eastern turkish regions are basically a terrorist warzone with the pkk . 
  well , i 'm not saying that women are or have to cover up . 
  i was more speaking along the lines of how this is unheard of in eastern europe with regards to mass coordinated sexual assault commited by foreigners . 
  a bit of a hyperbole though , yeah . 
  novi sad , beograd , vojvodina , even fucking sandzak where there is poverty and a shitton of bosnian muslims . 
  i have been everywhere and never felt or have been threathened for my safety . 
  you are so full of shit . 
  compare that to the time i went to aachen to buy some stuff , i saw so many women in burkas following their husbands about 1-2 meter behind them . 
  immigrants everywhere . 
  went to cologne 2 years ago . 
  same thing . 
  so please , we are literally in a thread that says eastern europe is more safe then western europe and you still try to actively shit on us . 
  i do n't understand what you are trying to say . 
  also , a coordinated sexual assault in one of the richest regions of europe . 
  this is unheard of . 
  i can guarantee you that even albanians ( which are widely considered as the most criminal ) would n't have happened like this . 
  savage, 
  what ? 
  serbia is safe as fuck . 
  i could strap a croatian or bosnian flag on my back and march through the capital in safety . 
  the most i would get is a dirty look . 
  compare that to cologne where you can get raped for wearing a skirt . 
  czech republic has a huge influx of foreigners over the years . 
  organized crime also set up shop . 
  it 's not really fair to blame the czechs for that . 
  yes , and it cost them the commonwealth and ultimately their independence . 
  rule no. 1 is do n't trust german `` immigrants '' . 
  they have carnival in belgium too ? 
  i have n't seen the dutch news in 2 months . 
  maybe it 's because i do n't own a television . 
  southener here . 
  i ca n't deal with it either tbh . 
  relevent username . 
  i was trying to highlight places where the wealthy and powerfull congregate . 
  thank you for correcting me but it 's a bit pendantic . 
  arrondisement = suburb versailles = name of a famous and weathy suburb paris = capital of france . 
  parijs ruikt naar pis en london is een betonnen jungle . 
  smart man . 
  such civilisation . 
  truly great indeed . 
  hey !, 
  you aswell . 
  woodrow is loved here aswell . 
  knock yourself out man . 
  nice try , i 'm not dutch mate . 
  do n't really care mate . 
  you got off easy after what you did to eastern europe . 
  be glad it 's just pissing on dead nazikrauts . 
  most probably . 
  hope they never find peace . 
  no offense . 
  nice . 
  where are you from that you 're learning all three ? 
  my lord , put down the gun my child . 
  you know it 's illegal to fire shots in belgium . 
  idk , but for example . 
  in my language , the capital vienna , is called be\u010d . 
  other cities are always the same . 
  it 's kind of weird . 
  only correct one . 
  im fucking with you . 
  i 'm a mutt so i mix bosnian with croatian . 
  it 's fun !, 
  you should try it . 
  yes , but the only thing you 'll hear about poland is how racist they are for not letting in millions of third worlders . 
  nevermind that they took in a shitton of ukranians and continue to do so .
