  shitty country ? 
  compared to syria or iraq , czech republic seems like the garden of eden you fucking philistine . 
  bohemian heartlands should not be defiled by these ungrateful pricks and neither should you talk shit . 
  where are you from mate ? 
  probably a kraut . 
  i hope they slap sanctions on turkey like they did on russia . 
  you can bully little cyprus but you would n't be so confident when you would get slapped around by the eu . 
  fitting username . 
  you are n't doing your country justice . 
  going from a little backwater colony to the undisputed global behemot is no smal feat . 
  i say this as someone who does n't even like the us . 
  kek, 
   stray mutt you shut your whore mouth !, 
  never eat pasta in slavonia though . 
  unless you have a deathwish . 
  mountains and rivers . 
  no way to make a contiguious border fence . 
  your second point is apparantly illegal as far as i understand . 
  you ca n't deport people to warzones . 
  oh god no . 
  sovereignty or death !, 
  because you try to shoehorn yourself into every fucking conversation . 
  you like to cry how the evil eu is bullying you but wo n't say no to the eu funds . 
  real fucking classy dude , nevermind the history of imperialism , genocide and opression that you still deny to this day but also conveniently occupying a eu members sovereign soil . 
  your goverment and it 's actions really speak volumes about the respect you deserve , like a pig with lipstick on it , a 5 dollar hooker that still thinks she 's a starstudded diva . 
  nothing really . 
  just felt the need to reaffirm it . 
  no need to call me a idiot though or would you prefer if i called you a shitskin to even the field ? 
  i was . 
  i 've been to turkey and i consider it a totaly alien culture , not at all fitting with their balkan neighbors . 
  ofcourse they would fit in perfectly in sweden , 
  amen . 
   one of us . 
  that 's the point . 
  you are n't . 
  thanks . 
  wow . 
  sick fucks . 
  never realized how lucky i was with my passport . 
  that must suck though . 
  jumping through so many hoops . 
  for what ? 
  ottoman invasion 2 : suleiman boogaloo ? 
  sigh . 
  i 'll fire up the removal camps . 
  the hate is overblown . 
  relax . 
  could you explain ? 
  what 's it like for you ? 
  when i did it it was just a sticker and 30 lira , granted it was a tourist visa . 
  topkek . 
  an albanian calling out a kraut on his bullshit . 
  what the fuck is happening to this world . 
  i know right . 
  meerdere nationaliteiten . 
  shhh . 
  i ca n't reveal my shapeshifting mediteranian slav abilities . 
  i am so so sorry . 
  do n't worry . 
  we have one of our own . 
  he 's called samson . 
  whatever dude , you are obviously biased . 
  when it 's too late for us , promise to drop a couple of freedom nukes ? 
  are you serious ? 
  nah , they 'll just say `` muh anecdotal evidence '' and continue to bury their head in the sand and spread the asscheeks . 
  same here hugrybro , good to see our neighbors have their heads on their shoulders . 
  i 'm sorry how our government handled the immigration debacle with the whole fence . 
  dick move on our part . 
  ca n't ban the orban . 
  i agree with what you wrote , it hits closer to home then i 'd like . 
  there was already some party in our capital that said they wanted a multicultural croatia , not a homogenous one . 
  i could n't believe what i was reading . 
  did this guy not see what was happening to the rest of europe ? 
  the stupidity is slowly growing here as well . 
  the thing is , we are already a multicultural state , we have strong regional identities and we have alot of minorities like serbs and bosnians . 
  i do n't consider these people ethnically different from us though so that just makes us multiculti and i am fine with this . 
  our minorities are very similair to us even though religion causes friction but this has lessened over the years . 
  now one must wonder why this nice western educated politician wants to import thousands of people who are fundamentally different from us in every way imaginable . 
  you just ca n't help but wonder if there is a hidden agenda behind all of this . 
  the guardian must be proud of it 's little left wing brother . 
  you , i like you . 
  i do n't live there either . 
  my lands were the battleground since our conception . 
  we faced the mongols , we faced the ottoman turks , we faced the austrian imperialists , we faced the nazi germans , we faced the russians , we faced the serbs . 
  all of my ancestors could have said , well fuck and flee . 
  they did n't and i am grateful for that . 
  to this day croatia survives , no , it thrives . 
  sure the economy is n't in the best shape and the last war inflicted some scars that are felt today but it still stood tall in the face of overwhelming odds to this day . 
  uh what ? 
  yes , they were ethnic germans and spoke german languages . 
  what 's your point ? 
  do you know what collaboration is ? 
  do you understand how these populations were basically colonists , how they sided with invaders instead of the countries they lived in . 
  this is called high treason . 
  do n't start me on the innocents caught in the crossfire . 
  the overwhelming majority actively participated in expropriation of land , theft , rape and murder . 
  this is grounds for reprisals , do n't act stupid . 
  no fuck that . 
  stand and fight coward . 
  the only reason you are even in your country is because your ancestors did not have the same mentality as yours .
