  saw the same thing . 
  strangely enough the turks and albanians were the biggest perpetrators along with some surinamers . 
  it was sickening to witness but on the other hand i do n't really care enough to help them . 
  i mean it makes me sound like a horrible person but these girls would actively hang out with these kids because they are `` foute jongens '' or bad boys and thus cool . 
  it has become sentient !, 
  kill it . 
  nicholas cage alive in ... where is he from again ? 
  well he is n't wrong . 
  i of not homosex nazi . 
  he 's trying to tell you that you are a massive hypocrit . 
  no i did n't . 
  the guy i was commenting to was doing the opposite . 
  i merely tried to explain to him what the issue was . 
  you on the other hand just continue to argue about how everyone has it out for you which is complete horseshit . 
  progress whooohooo . !, 
  i was ready to board a plane to turkey to throw burek at you . 
  mate listen . 
  just stop . 
  i get it . 
  you seen like one of the less nationalist and religious turks . 
  i 'll give you that . 
  i do n't give a fuck what britain or france does with it 's former subjects . 
  i just gave an example so you could compare yourself . 
  second of all . 
  you keep saying people hate turks and you might be right . 
  some people genuinely do hate you . 
  i also understand why but it seems you do n't . 
  so i 'll repeat again . 
  you can not deny and downplay historic atrocities that were commited by presenting your own . 
  these actions are mutually exclusive . 
  let me put it this way . 
  the persecution and cleansing of ottoman civilians was wrong alright ? 
  on behalf of the balkan countries i apologize and recognize it . 
  there . 
  now tell me . 
  can you do the same for us and the eastern minorities that suffered ? 
  this is n't a dick measuring competion over who suffered the most . 
  that is what i have been trying to show you . 
  cheers mate . 
  it seems you have a lot of baggage and i hope you find reason . 
  cooperation , unity and a common overarching culture that respects history , modern laws and human rights . 
  half the thread got spammed by dracaras arguing how the other genocides were meh while victimising his own . 
  if you look around people were just having a casual conversation about this untill you two and one more turk who was making jokes about armenians showed up . 
  so please fuck off yourself . 
  kralj tomislav alive in bosna . 
  i do n't think he is a troll . 
  honestly mate . 
  i have read all your comments and you are definitely not european . 
  all right ? 
  stop reposting that shit . 
  i saw like 6 of your comments and all are the same . 
  we get it . 
  poor colonisers got genocided . 
  what a shame . 
  just drop it man . 
  like i said . 
  meet the old boss , same as the new one . 
  dude is that like a fucking village or something ? 
  never heard of it but will check it out . 
  thanks mate . 
  dude . 
  you do n't understand because you do n't know the context of the conversation . 
  he was saying sadly because there are some weird nationalists that fetishize the turks and serbians called the bosnains turks to dehumanize and soften them up and you know how that went down . 
  ( i 'll give you a hint . 
  it ended in genocide ), 
  oh i totally forgot about that . 
  thanks for reminding me . 
  i need a drink '' . '', 
   ottomans were not imperialistic ( which i hope they were ) wait what ? 
  which one is it ? 
  also you should look up the definition of imperialism . 
   britain of the balkans ? 
  yes . 
  you were very much so the britain of the balkans . 
  colonisation was a thing you know and do n't get me started on culture . 
  you basically stole everything you could ans concentrated it into one central are while leaving the peripheries to perish . 
  i have no love for the austrians because they were basically the same shit only different flavor but atleast they tried to bring the newly acquired territories into the modern era . 
  you know from that 400 year old glorious occupation of yours . 
  but nono . 
  ottomans let them govern themself and did n't suck them dry . 
  poor misunderstood imperialists just wanted to civilise the barbarious balkans with their unrich history and unvibrant culture . 
  man you know what . 
  now that i think about it . 
  fuck you . 
  yeah go fuck yourself . 
  if it was n't for your stupid conversions we would n't be in this mess right now . 
   even if we do accept your argument . 
  nooone todag hates england . 
  errrr what ? 
  you do realize that the uk to this date sends massive amounts of aid to various ex colonies under the guise of humanitarian and developmental aid . 
  oh by the way they do get blamed for virtually everything . 
  if a massacre happens in south africa or zimbabwes economy crashes or if a cow in afghanistan miscarries it will still get blamed on the french/british/spanish i am actually surpised people do n't critize you more because you people got away with so much shit it is n't even funny . 
  i guess that 's one of the perks of being a strategic nato member . 
  you are dead sick of this hatred ? 
  start changing hearts and minds because you already lost mine . 
  i already told you twice . 
  you ca n't keep painting yourself as the victim to deflect from your history . 
   we were the victim of the balkan wars oh boo hoo . 
  nations and people finally won their independence from imperialistic maniacs . 
  oh the humanity !,
