  amen . 
  ok , give reperation to balkans then . 
  that is still relevant  . 
  wow . 
  thanks for the info . 
  i think i need to lie down for a bit . 
  he got killed ? 
  what ? 
  i thought our government stepped in and payed the ransom . 
  what the fuck . 
  storytime ? 
  are you being serious ? 
  i love this comment chain . 
  good points on both sides . 
  oh my god . 
  this breaks even my little , shriveled hearth . 
  the first story seemed nice enough , but the second one ? 
  what the hell man . 
  how can someone be so naive . 
  did she do it for the money or what ? 
  i ca n't imagine some random arab being richer then most eeu citizens . 
  i do n't understand this at all . 
  why did he come to lithuania of all places , to find a wife . 
  this seems shady as hell . 
  pls more storytime . 
  i am very much so interested . 
  doing a paper on migrationpatterns and anecdotal stories like these are like a goldmine . 
  sorry if i 'm asking for too much detail or if i seem like i enjoy this . 
  partially true but from a research standpoint . 
  personally , i am appaled . 
  can they not go to their embassies ? 
  the thing that she said was completely irrelevant . 
  feminism , per the official definition had always been for womens rights but not mens rights . 
  this has n't changed and her trying to shoehorn it in also got her flak for it . 
  if she really cares she could have called herself an egalitarian or gave a shoutout to mra 's that fight for awareness of mens rights . 
  not claim the fight for it as her own . 
  story time pls . 
  well to be fair , emma 's speech was basically `` men , become feminists !, 
  see , we care ! '', 
  i know right ? 
  it 's like a different class of people all together . 
  my croatian and bosnian friends were able to find a problem with everything . 
  i loved my stay there . 
  they almost got offended when i told them i was planning on making it permanent . 
  just disregard and let them have their greener pastures dude . 
  yes , and i say this as the descendents of one of those . 
  serbia . 
  zizek the hack !, 
  t-take that back . 
  they do it everywhere . 
  ironically , the funding comes from switzerland but i do n't think they have a presence there . 
  thx for info . 
   yes , i get that europe has some really ancient beef . 
  there 's no part of europe where that is n't the case . 
  but you do n't see my expressing my anger over past history at 20 year-old german college students . 
  apparently , in cz , that 's not the way it worked . 
  it is certainly not ancient by any means . 
  as recent as 1990 , the occupation just ended . 
  but it does n't matter . 
  like i said i do n't excuse this , i 've seen it happen myself in other countries . 
  not specifically towards russians . 
   it 's not me jumping to conclusions . 
  it 's mostly that this is what the parents of the girls told their daughters . 
  some specific statements come to mind , if you want to hear about them . 
  anyways , i 'm guess that you 've probably never dated a girl whose parents told her `` sorry , but this guy is born into the wrong ethnic group '' . 
  am i right ? 
  i would love to hear this . 
  you are right about never being rejected because of etnicity but i 've seen it happen in the netherlands so do n't put the blame just on us . 
   in most civilized countries , there 's an objective , impartial legal standard for determining that . 
  the route to legal czech citizenship requires 10 years of residence to recieve a permit . 
  if you do not have czech blood in you then this is the only way to recieve their citizenship as they operate under jus sanguinnus . 
  the other option might be marriage to a czech national but other then then i just ca n't believe the story about the croatian lecturer . 
  if she fulfilled all the requirments for citizenship then she most probably recieved it . 
  might have just been the lazy case worker . 
  bureaucracy does that . 
   yes , i understand that in the east , blaming systemic racism on the victims is a time-honored tradition . 
  in fact , i was on vacation in serbia on holiday this summer . 
  you 'll never guess who the serbs blame for the fact that lots of croats died during the war . 
  but , yeah , it 's nothing special or specific to the roma . 
  i have lots of friends from slovakia and hungary as well . 
  you 'll never guess whom the slovaks blame for any discrimination towards slovak-hungarians . 
  that 's just the way that things are done in the east , as far as i can tell . 
  i hear that its the way that things are developing btw the ukranians and the russians right now as well . 
  look , you obviously think we started the chain of persecution against the roma , which in turn causes them to breed contempt and turn to crime so i 'm not really gon na go into detail here , if you 'd like i could give you a short history lesson and the reasoning behind it if your interested . 
   but , yeah , it 's nothing special or specific to the roma . 
  i have lots of friends from slovakia and hungary as well . 
  you 'll never guess whom the slovaks blame for any discrimination towards slovak-hungarians . 
  discrimination against them is almost non existant nowadays . 
  you are chasing ghosts . 
  there is a small hungarian minority in my city , leftovers from the partition . 
  i 've never heard a peep . 
  neither from the majority towards them or from them towards the majority . 
  why do n't you respond to my other comment ? 
  i asked a couple of questions and i 'm genuinly curious about your anwsers . 
  i 'll give you the benefit of the doubt . 
  he 's full of shit . 
  why even respond . 
  not at all . 
  i 'm just saying that i find it hard to believe what you just said . 
   i had some russian friends .
