  i agree with you on the fence thing . 
  this could be done as a cooperation between our nations . 
  do n't see why you felt the need to shit on nationalists . 
   frontex there 's your problem . 
  delusional . 
  why do you keep responding to me ? 
  if you are just gon na brush off everything i say as me being butthurt then atleast be honest about it . 
  i am dead serious . 
  your government is a two faced , superiority complex riddled whore that bends backwards for foreigners and their ilk in fear of being portrayed as anything other then little angels but then shits all over it 's eastern neighbors , sucks their best and brightest and uses it as a dumping ground for it 's mass produced and dirt cheap products . 
  you are a hypocrite , your goverment is disgusting . 
  no further explanation needed . 
  that 's the thing . 
  the universities and their ilk are where the real power lies , champagne socialists , industrialists , politicians etc. 
  jack-with-the-hat in his pub might agree with what hungary is doing but nobody gives a shit about his opinion . 
  do n't worry about that . 
  this time the invasion wo n't be with the sword but with visas . 
  we should just keep our head down and let the west do whatever it wants . 
  fight tooth and nail against any distribution of refugees and quotas . 
  let them lay in the bed they made . 
  do n't worry , it 's ok if a pure germanic master race does it , filthy slavs only for cheap labor and entertainment . 
  god i 'm really starting to get pissed off . 
  is that why the guardian and it 's ilk painted orban like the reincarnated hitler ? 
  well so are you because sweden also has jus sanguinnes . 
  nice retort buddy , maybe you should pick up a book and put down the antifa flag . 
  so what ? 
  jus sanguinnus is the law in denmark for citizenship . 
  this guy has no danish blood in him and there are no laws to get dk citizenship via jus soli . 
  you are being downvoted but your not wrong . 
  only way is to boost fertility rates of native europeans . 
  i know . 
  still , very tacky . 
  why you got ta go do this czechs ? 
  i love you guys but do n't shit on hungary for defending it 's borders . 
  oh get over yourself . 
  no one dislikes bosnians in dalmatia , i 'm a mutt with ancestry from both and never even heard a peep . 
  stop seeing hate where there is n't one . 
  czech republic/slovenia/bosnia / serbia . 
  is ok . just do n't try to take clay , we cool . 
  to be fair . 
  i know the type that talks like that . 
  it 's a crossover between an uneducated hick and a elitist `` grass is greener '' type . 
  i 've met my fair share and the thing that pisses me off is when i say i was living full time there and now plan to go back even though dutch citizenship and grew up there they talk to me like i 'm some crazy idiot . 
  well fuck them too then , if they 're so shortsighted . 
  migrant crisis is mostly irrelevant . 
  i 've got multiple citizenship but i finished highschool in eeu , after that i wanted a degree so i picked belgium and played with the thought of staying . 
  after these two years i 'm planning on giving up my dutch citizenship and use my other ones . 
  not like my field of study is gon na keep me here anyway . 
  kind of your own fault . 
  first call eeu nazis for building fences and keeping people out that your kaiserin merkel invited and now complain your getting swamped . 
  fucking quotas are a disgrace . 
   only hungary sem to be on a wrong path excuse me ? 
  what makes you say that ? 
  just because you do n't agree with orban does n't make you right . 
  i wish croatia comunicated with our neigbors rather then fucking them over . 
  i 'm finishing up my degree and i 'm coming back asap . 
  made a big mistake . 
  this is why i consider czech republic as the beacon of the pan slavic world . 
  you guys got your shit together . 
  love from croatia . 
  holy shit . 
  can you give me a link ? 
  how 's that going in czechija ? 
  you guys doing ok over there ? 
  run brate . 
  insufferable german , check does n't know what he 's talking about , check superiority complex , check ahh you really make it easy for me to dislike krauts . 
  i was indifferent before but now you are really starting to get on my nerves schwab . 
  fuck trotsky though . 
   bearded women ahh . 
  the austrian specialty . 
  never seen it . 
  dude , stop it . 
  you want thousands in eeu ? 
  let them go to germany . 
  so sorry . 
  do n't you guys hate the habsburgs ? 
  they are universally hated in my circles . 
  what ? 
  for building a fence ? 
  no it has n't . 
  sure . 
  it 's 2 past midnight . 
  kind of late for tea man . 
  not really religious but i am conservative though . 
  istanbul was just mosque after mosque after mosque and then a mall . 
  i kinda hated it . 
  izmir was very similiar to european cities i 'll give you that or maybe that 's just the greek legacy . 
  i do n't see how i 'm embarrasing myself though . 
  it 's just my opinion , no need to get upset about it . 
  jugo ? 
  really dude ? 
  you 're a couple of decades too late . 
  i 'm perfectly calm though . 
   our imperialists never forget . 
  franz ferdinands death best day of my lyfe . 
  ah yes , i remember those good old croatian colonies . 
  croatian south africa , croatian congo free state and ofcourse new zagreb and new dalmatia . 
  those were the times . 
  hey finbro , remember when you had those vast colonies is north america ? 
  what were they called , new finska . 
  topkek .
