  except that 's not what is happening . 
  the dalmatian region was always quite strong economically , tourism was a slight benefit . 
  british people are just uncultured when leaving their rainy island . 
  whatever achmed , come back to me when you speak arabic . 
  dat butthut . 
  go back to your / r/de hugbox and masturbate some more about bashing conservatives . 
  you could draw that kind of parallel . 
  listen man , i have beef with the serb government as well ( cough-bosnia-cough ) but i 'm not really qualified to debate the kosovo question at all . 
  do n't take my word for it but i believe that it 's more akin to having a historical region , like bavaria settled by frenchmen and in some 50 years they become a large minority , then they rebel and demand secession . 
  that 's the gist of it in laymans terms . 
  substitute germans for serbs and frenchmen for albanians . 
  swedish dude attacks kids with sword . 
  a-ok `` french '' dude slices a mans throat while screaming deash . 
  no - local crime . 
  i do n't really see the difference other then selective cencorship . 
  removing any crime committed by minorities or migrants ? 
  it 's not like it has n't happened before . 
  explain how this is a local crime story and not a terrorist attack ? 
  how is this a local crime story ? 
  was the paris attack not a local crime as well ? 
  or are you just removing it because it does n't fit with your agenda ? 
  crickets . 
   freedom for them means being able to park their car without having to find a ticket under your windscreen wiper , or being able to build a house , without asking a welfare committee to give permission , being able to drive a car without having to pay a fine for 2km/h exceeding the speed limit . 
  and all that sort of small things in life that are extremely present in europe . 
  in this sense , most of africa is significantly more free than europe . 
  so they want to live in banana republics ? 
  the whole point of the laws is to provide stability and punish those who step out of line . 
  stability brings prosperity . 
  oh god . 
  i was gon na give you a piece of my mind op but i watched the video . 
  this is friggin hilarious . 
  topkek, 
  please sir , step back into the safespace . 
  i 'm glad we agree . 
  ca n't ban the orban . 
  are you actually a drooling retard ? 
  do you not see satire even when it hits you in the face ? 
  stop responding to me . 
  watch the edge kid , you might hurt someone with it . 
  where are you from ? 
  we did it !, 
   nato ally yes , the keyword is nato not greek ally . 
  reading comprehension is lacking i see . 
  wow , you are a bloodthristy people . 
  no wonder no-one likes you , 
   why is their number a relevant criteria in the first place ? 
  why do n't we instead look at the standard and quality of life that the individual belonging to that ethnic group enjoys as a citizen of modern day germany ? 
  are they second class citizens today ? 
  i doubt it . 
  so if only 10k out of 4 million croatians survive ethnic cleansing by austrians that 's ok because we are now equal citizens ? 
  man the stupidity you show is staggering . 
   and we were conquered and decimated during ww2 regardless , it 's not like having an independent state pre-ww2 helped a lot in that regard . 
  it 's not like that made much of a difference . 
  should n't have started a war then . 
  maybe next time invade france instead of poland . 
  yea , forgot about those . 
  is that it ? 
   at some point the feud has to end and that is n't going to happen if we keep justifying the bloody thing . 
  why ? 
  if one side is blatantly in the wrong then it is n't a feud but a credible threat from a belligerent neighbor . 
   it 's better to be poor and be ruled by your own then be a slave with security . 
  there 's my reply . 
  maybe you should brush up on your reading comprehension . 
   i 'm saying that their descendants would have likely lived better lives several generations later , when they are no longer `` slaves '' , but fully integrated citizens of a highly developed and influential country . 
  by being second class citizens ? 
  look at the sorbs in lusatia , gemany . 
  they built berlin , now they number 80k in a small province and are slowly going extinct . 
  this is in you glorious highly developed and influential coutry . 
  it does n't fucking matter . 
  in you hypotetical scenario we would probably be exterminated during ww2 . 
  just roll over for that lebensraum right ? 
  and refuse to admit the greek and armenian genocides . 
  i 've probably missed a couple as well , probably . 
  tbh , if i had to pick between trump and soros . 
  trump would win everytime . 
   it 's pretty self-evident that countries that were under austrian rule for a long time benefited from it . 
  that 's some grade a revisionism right there . 
  the supression of local languages which crippled the literary movements of those nations , the brutal exploitation and conscription of the various fiefdoms . 
  the worst offense was the colonization of eastern europe by germans . 
  natives living in decrepit squalor while the foreign overlords taxed them into oblivion to build their palaces on the bones of slavs . 
  fuck germany , austria , italy and their people . 
  it 's better to be poor and be ruled by your own then be a slave with security . 
   tribalism more like common sense . 
  greece trusting the turks to such a degree might as well be suicidal . 
  they violate greek airspace and occupy a eu member . 
  this alone should be enough to put turkey in the rogue state list . 
  you think your hot shit are n't you ? 
  friggin normies flooding the market with their low grade pepes . 
  reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  i 've got pepes that no-one has ever seen man . 
  do n't try to toast me son . 
  damn son . 
  wan na trade some pepes ? 
  that 's a rare pepe . 
  where did you get it ? 
  yeah , to be honest , i stopped caring about the un quite some time ago . 
  ever since they condemned the shooting of a afghan in hungary even though the two police officers were surounded and the crowd was getting rowdy . 
  at that point you lose all credibility . 
  might as well tell the magyars to suspend their borders and army and sing koombayaa with the migrants . 
  noble savage and the white mans burden are common tropes amongst the left .
