  godverdomme . 
  topkek . 
   to\u010dni it 's ta\u010dno you phillistine . 
  god damn . 
  stop the brutality . 
  this would cause the immigrants to dissapear overnight . 
  mark my words . 
  if they had been shipped to the highrise district of london , the versailles arrondisement in paris or the hertogzplats in germany , we would n't be having this problem . 
  because they can dump them next to peter the handyman in some dutch ghetto they do n't really care . 
  outta sight outta mind as they say . 
  that 's very noble of you . 
  i hope the best then . 
  at this point , if current trends keep going as is , i fully expect a euro civil war in the near future . 
  i love how the west says we are racist and just need to be more multicultural when their citizens are flocking to terrorist organisations . 
  how many pomaks have gone to them ? 
  i bet it 's negligeble . 
  savage . 
  are you still in contact with her ? 
  if it was me , i 'd probably let her sleep in the bed she made . 
  you know , the whole i told you so thingy . 
  maybe im just a vengefull person . 
  not really , just trying to help . 
  it 's duchy , not dutchy . 
  idk . 
  i thought you would get a message or something . 
  i have some romanian dude following me when i shitpost . 
  he told me how to do it . 
  just click on my name and then on the top right you can click on `` friend '' so you show up with a red name and a { f } in comments . 
  that 's how i track people in threads that comment in a style that interests me . 
  nobody is leaving this train . 
  do n't worry . 
  we would have done the same thing . 
  i 'm glad none of them want to be in croatia or turkey . 
  let them go to glorious western evropa . 
  i do n't remember why i have you tagged as a friend but reading your comments makes me remember again . 
  you are basically spot on . 
  feminism was pretty nonsensical to me as a kid growing up . 
  why would n't women be equal bla bla bla . 
  then i got a 3rd waver in my class last semester . 
  needless to say i changed my view quite quickly after the vitrol i heard from the left . 
  we are more then familiar with other races and cultures . 
  just ask the ottomans what they were doing in the balkans for 5 centuries . 
  but do n't let that get in your way from acting morally superior . 
  this makes sense now . 
  alright dude . 
  have a nice day . 
  you said  half of germany 's typhoon 's are n't airworthy i thought you were talking about this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blue_banana but yes , u.k. is pretty bad . 
   then deport them . 
  it 's not legal ? 
  then change the laws . 
  this is what people do n't understand . 
  they throw away their id 's and refuse to tell where they are from . 
  if you somehow manage to figure out where they are from then the country of origin simply refuses them . 
  it 's been happening quite a while now . 
  pakistan or morocco will just say `` lolno ur problem nao '' and now you are stuck with them . 
  the solution is for the eu to get some teeth . 
  do n't want your citizens back ? 
  fine , here are some sanctions . 
  do n't want to cooperate ? 
  i can guarantee you in less then 24 hours they would jump up and down to take them back . 
  they do this because they can . 
  these third world nations do n't understand diplomacy or nuance . 
  just brute force . 
  the blue banana ? 
  i live in it and the air quality is ok . 
  it get 's worse the more north and towards the sea you go . 
  i believe you , for what it 's worth . 
  your anecdotal story is n't the first one i 've heard . 
  my mother used to be a leftie . 
  you know , proud ex-yugo could n't believe her multiculti paradise fell apart . 
  then she worked in a shelter in the netherlands . 
  the stories she told me of what happened there is horryfing . 
  needless to say we 're both a bit wary of this current event . 
  i already saw it coming . 
  they can try . 
  then four years later berlin will be called new moscow . 
  morocco just refuses to take them . 
  nice . 
  maybe vote fn then ? 
  topkek, 
  i 'd rather join a political school of thought that appeals to me rather then go special snowflake school of liberalism bro.but yes , all conservatives are tribe , protect women ! , no blacks !, 
  have a nice day . 
  c u r r e n t y e a r c u r r e n t y e a r, 
  not at all , knock yourself out mate . 
  i see it as more offensive towards the balkan people . 
  the guy saying how a turk drives his mercedes towards germany . 
  what the fuck is wrong with the author ? 
   if your paperwork is stuck on a bureaucrats desk for 6 weeks here or , you know , call the agency ? 
  i was stuck in belgian beauracracy for 5 months . 
  they said it would take 3 . 
  i called and it was fixed within 2 weeks . 
  they had a backlog and my file got buried . 
  civil servants are people too . 
  they make mistakes . 
  well fuck , i do n't know then . 
  it gets pretty hard when the only interaction you have is rude as fuck pensioners and british girls getting shitfaced on the main boulevard . 
  except the world does n't revolve around british tourists . 
  if i want a bottle of wine at midnight from the supermarket then i 'm gon na get it . 
  the government should n't have to inconvenience it 's citizens just so some foreigners stop acting like fucking barbarians . 
  i 'm more inclined to just give out travel bans rather then make it harder for normal people to buy some drinks .
