  both . 
  i lived for 2 years in tuzla and often visited the villages in the neigborhood . 
  laws are plenty and so are police . 
  one of my friends applied for a permit for a pistol . 
  nothing too serious and he had to wait forever and pay around 2500 km in admin fees . 
  thanks for the info . 
  always interested in these types of things . 
  take care !, 
  ex-yugo countries have nazi-level gun control . 
  yeah sure there are a few still in circulation on the black market but permits take a lot of time and a lot of money nowadays . 
  maybe he bought an airsoft but i refuse to believe he bought a pistol at school . 
   corsica mind explaining this ? 
  i understand our own underground weapons were a leftover of the war but what happened with corsica ? 
  no problem man . 
  he 's talking about when a turkish dicator referred to kurds as `` mountain turks '', 
  nah , bitch left for some cevapi and never returned . 
  got ta be honest , you fucking got me with that one . 
  raisins suck dick . 
  i like the croatian version tbh . 
  in bosnia they put raisins in everything , it 's disgusting . 
  i would n't go that far . 
  yeah we share some things but i 'd say 75 percent is deviation from eachother . 
  krofne aliv in balkans . 
  shitty austrians steal all culture . 
  stop apropriating balkan culture . 
  yes i know . 
  i guess bl soldiers with assault rifles in liege and 4 man policesquads with dogs in gent are just `` theatre '' . 
  over the last year , every time i use the train i see armed patrols . 
  it 's even worse after the latest attack in paris . 
  good . 
  i hope they collapse . 
  beta isrealis = ethiopian jews, 
  looks more like an advertisement . 
  every time, 
  ~ buzzwording intensifies ~ i do n't care mate . 
  my thoughs exactly . 
  yes, 
  lrn2english mate . 
  nobody cares and the sooner your multiculti paradise collapses the better . 
  who will be the reapers then ? 
  putin ? 
  i 'd play the shit out of that game . 
  nobody cares mate . 
  the crux of the matter is you are advocating of tolerance while a capital city slowly degenerates into some non-european place . 
  i doubt they would take kindly to europeans coming into their cities , building churches and eating and drinking pork in saudi arabia or egypt . 
  piss off, 
  let it all burn . 
   and a few remaining eastern european states . 
  fat chance . 
  you might see some pan slavic organisation sooner then later . 
  why would we work with germany after this crisis ? 
  they obviously showed they are willing to fuck everyone over . 
  roman empire ripped itself apart because of it 's vast multi ethnic provinces . 
  usa has had race related crimes and gangs for decades with some cities like detriot looking like warzones . 
  brazil , cuba , jamaica ... are you serious ? 
   xenophobes are the ones who will die out eventually . 
  or maybe you will get beheaded by abdullah while the xenophobes will band together and resist ? 
  yes . 
  you are correct . 
  isreali are n't you ? 
  now you 've peaked my curiosity . 
  tell me . 
  wow , that 's very bigoted of you to immediately jump to conclusions . 
  besides , i 'm just curious what country spawned such creature and i 'm not interested in debating or commenting on it . 
  i 've got better things to do . 
  no it is very relevant to me . 
  why hide ? 
  where are you from ? 
  and this is wrong according to you ? 
  i clicked and was dissapointed . 
  ah , ok . to be honest i would n't have any problem with lithuanians immigrating or driving up the birth rate either way . 
  guess i just like you guys but whatever . 
  are you unable to read ? 
  saying `` our women '' in my case means croatian women . 
  they are ours in that they are fellow citizens that we have a special bond with ( culturally/ethnically etc ) . 
  just because you jump to the conclusion that he means that he literally means owning them shows how half baked your commie brain really is , 
  mostly german colonists from the era of catherine . 
  they can easily immigrate if they can prove ancestry . 
  same way ethnic russians are immigrating from former soviet nations . 
  both inflate the numbers . 
  you might see 1.2 million russians in germany or 200k turkmens in russia but they are actually just returning back to their respective motherlands . 
  why is slavic immigration grouped under pessimistic ? 
  for me , the european continent stops at thrace ( so excluding turkey ) and the caucasus plus armenia but that 's like my opinion . 
  some even count the middle east as europe but they are a fringe . 
  i have the same problems and i 'm doing fine . 
  live alone in a foreign country that has a rep for brutal academia standards . 
  it 's all in your head man , trying never hurt . 
  cheering for his pension that is . 
  relevant username ? 
  brutal, 
  yes . 
  there are even videos where they interview the activists . 
  they were filing charges with the police and pressuring their financiers, 
  mausoleums and chems are n't yugoslav specialty . 
  it 's ethnic cleansing , duh !, 
  you have us confused with the russkies . 
  what 's wrong with a swede ruling you ? 
  you get a nice swedish grill as part of the feminist pacification initiative , armies are obsolete , no one works . 
  paradise !, 
  down with kalmar union !,
