  ataturk must be rolling in his grave . 
  no it was n't . 
  this man is correct . 
  we had a massive war over it and it resulted in the biggest genocide in europe since ww2 so excuse us for not wanting to start another one . 
  which one was the despot ? 
  where are all the bosnians that think turks are their brothers ? 
  do they not know their own history ? 
  but you did commit genocide . 
  what the fuck man . 
  the habsburgs were no better . 
  fuck em for what they did to bosnia and croatia . 
  savoy monarchy best monarchy !, 
  dude where are you where bosnians love turks ? 
  i spent 2 years in tuzla and sarajevo and trust me the younger generation does n't give a fuck about turkey . 
  maybe some 79 year old goatherder in some backwaters village . 
  i just wish they would stop funding all those goddamn mosques all over the place together with the saudis . 
  first of all . 
  i was not the one you were talking to . 
  secondly . 
  i might have a slight bias against turks but i harbor no hatred . 
  now let me preface by giving you a perspective from the other side . 
  first come the invasions , then came the occupation , taxes and other good stufd that comes with imperialism . 
  then you fucking started colonizing the balkan area as if that was n't enough and then have the audacity to link to a wiki about persecutions of the ottoman muslims . 
  do you now understand why people take offense to this type of whitewhasing ? 
  you are basically the british of the balkans and you are gon na have to deal with the flak that comes with it because otherwise you are just gon na make things worse on yourself . 
  just let the hate wash over you and engage those that try to talk rationally to you with some respect because painting yourself as the victim will not end well for you . 
  dude just stop . 
  you are just making things worse . 
  i feel you bro . 
  take it up with the albanians and leave us alone . 
  and this is somehow a good thing according to you ? 
  i whish . 
  no actually i 'm not and you can go through my history to prove me otherwise . 
  now answer my question . 
  are you a troll or are you genuinely stupid ? 
  are you a troll ? 
  please tell me you are a troll . 
  represent !, 
  i love the stadsmagazine i get every month . 
  too bad the dutch do n't do that . 
  no worries and you are right . 
  i keep my opinions mostly to myself but my god . 
  if you just mention an itchy subject like immigration or right wing politics you either go with the hivemind or you are a robotnazi with no soul . 
  gent high five !, 
  someone speaking the truth . 
  better downvote him !, 
  ughh . 
  erm ... are you joking or serious ? 
  genocide happened . 
  what happened between you and your sister ? 
  a dutch putinbot ? 
  still a bit weird . 
  dude calm down . 
  you responded 3 times in 20 minutes . 
  i call bullshit on that source . 
  i 'm not saying all of them are carrying ak 's and waiting to be martyred . 
  just that there are alot of albanians in isis compared to others . 
  the people you see in `` traditional '' style are not traditional at all . 
  in my entire city i only knew 3 people that wore something resembling a hijab . 
  most of the ones you see around sarajevo are either tourists or immigrants from pakistan/turkey/middle east . 
  you do n't have to worry about bosnians , they 're doing fine . 
  you should worry about your own people a bit more . 
  do n't you have a left wing governemt in power ? 
  how 's that working out for you ? 
  my right wing is doing quite well . 
  then they can either vote or leave . 
  sd has been polling around 17 percent for years now and they are the only party that wants to stem the flow of foreigners . 
  if they do n't take action then they deserve to live with the consequences . 
  not really , i have lived there for a while and have family and still visit . 
  the saudi funded mosques are a problem in that they create this extremist sect called wahabbis but they are shunned and basically live in 1 tiny village in self isolation called gornji mackovac . 
  every terror attack like the american embassy siege was perpetrated by them . 
  they have them under 24/7 surveilanance and regularly carry out police raids etc. 
  if you want a islamist community then albania is your pick . 
  crushing poverty + curroptable state without the checks the fbih put on foreign backers that fund these things = a large amount of albanians fighting for isis . 
  yeah , i 'm with the kurds on this one . 
  bombing ypg in syria while they are fighting islamists made me lose all sympathy for turkey . 
  some of them are quite funny . 
  there is multiple factors . 
  first one is that most of these armed militias were `` civilised '' . 
  this might seem controversial but for example the basque liberation group/ira/corsicans all operated under rules . 
  things like do n't target civvies/call in the bomb/targeted govermental assasinations . 
  all these things shape an enemy . 
  you might hate them or agree with them but you can atleast attempt a dialogue . 
  organisations such as isis or the various african rebel groups do n't really have this structure . 
  they start operating from this viewpoint but are n't able to make sense of the chaos that ensues , thus they degenerate into chaos themselves and basically become deathsquads and paint a target on their backs . 
  third , is basically that people might tolerate it . 
  during the yugoslav wars there were blatant sides where people picked their team . 
  pro-serb or anti-serb , pro-ira or against etc. 
  other ( i.e. 
  not europe ) groups and movements do n't really have sympathy . 
  you will find people saying `` free tibet ! '', 
  but you rarely hear `` free the congodemocraticfront army ! '', 
  and thus they get bombed into oblivion . 
  you seem to be confused by the other comments and mine . 
  they give a false picture . 
  while you are partially correct about the after effect of the war had on the black market trade . 
  the gun control is absolutely ridiculous here . 
  think worse then britain but without the idiotic knife = assault rifle thing . 
  they will fuck your shit up if you are caught . 
  mafia gets away with it because they operate like rats and only target soft targets and most civvies do n't talk to cops but you can bet your ass a permit is harder to find then a unicorn .
