  does n't matter what you do there will always be a large opposition for turkey to enter the eu . 
  me included . 
  true . 
  like genocide right ? 
  srebrenica 2.0 call the serbs !, 
  got it . 
  which sub is it from ? 
  i too am right wing . 
  i also do n't care about these people or what they eat/dont eat . 
  said the guy accusing croats of being neo nazis and ustase every moment he gets . 
  oh wow i guess then we should also forget about all the serbs killed during ww2 right . 
  jasenovac no big deal . 
  bosnians need to get over it . 
  it 's going well the last few years . 
  should have seen what it was before . 
  inferior ? 
  nazi over here guys . 
  tell me again mate . 
  who 's economy is kept afloat by handouts and who 's economy actuallt functions . 
  face it . 
  you guys are a failes state . 
  no better then some african fiefdoms run by warlords . 
  relevant username m8 . 
  no not really . 
  just shitposting . 
  i love to rile you up . 
  you are now my favorite user on this subreddit . 
  okay chetnik i will . 
  gib more croat clay . 
  noice mate . 
  autism levels are off the charts . 
  somebody get this serb a burek stat !, 
  no u, 
  dude . 
  you are probably the most autistic serb i have ever met . 
  i 'm not even hating on serbs . 
  lot 's of my ex-girlfriends were serbian so that kind of disproves that i hate you guys and for the record i really think you are a 15 year old just shitposting about croatia all day . 
  if it really pisses you off that much then yes . 
  in context m8 . 
  yes i am croatian . 
  dunno why you would go through my post history . 
  if you are looking for ways to discredit me do it head on through debate . 
  also note i did n't mean to be demeaning or claiming all the knowledge i have about the balkans is 100 percent correct . 
  it 's just that i interacted with alot of people and almost universally it was seen as a dark time for most of them . 
  you seem to be very bitter or i just ticked you off . 
  i do n't know what it is but i respect your opinion . 
  stay mad about croatia retaking it 's rightfull clay . 
  you ca n't go around proclaiming republics that never had a basis in history . 
  how would you feel if croats immigrated to beograd and proclaimed the republic of croatian belgrade huh ? 
  oh and btw nazi croatia was during ww2 i guess all the italians are still romans . 
  where is ceasar when you need him ? 
  no they are n't . 
  stop being stupid . 
  i lived in the balkans for 2 years and travelled all around . 
  it 's mostly the brainwashed idiots that are supporting the chetniks etc. 
  just go and ask a serb wether shit was better before or after the war . 
  as much as i dislike the serbian mentality and glorification of war criminals they are still people and we must n't generalise them lest we also sweep the entire populace under the same rug . 
  i will be happy to put him in my garden . 
  nice . 
  did n't hear that one before . 
  well . 
  here 's to life in prison radovan . 
  hope you enjoy having associated serbian and genocide for years to come . 
  your people must be very proud . 
  rebel against fucking what ? 
  they are defending their country from being carved up and divided in new `` republics '' . 
  russia sometimes fucking sickens me . 
  they did the same thing as serbia and they are willing to pay for it big time . 
  ofcourse the people will suffer . 
  not putin and his entourage . 
  holy shit . 
  dat is brutaal . 
  croatia becomes islamic caliphate and switches to the north of former yugo . 
  also lol at turkey . 
  lol at democracy in russia mate . 
  i knew it . 
  merci beaucoup . 
  yeah im kind of on a binge study session so i might come over weird . 
  mate . 
  quite the read . 
  it was a serbian who attacked the embassy ? 
  i thought it was a kebab wahabi ? 
  my french sucks . 
  because you get flak from right wingers and love from left wingers . 
  reddit loves sweden and it 's a posterchild for the heavily liberal userbase here so you tend to get a skewed picture . 
  while on the other side of the spectrum you are hated or made fun of from the likes of 4chan . 
  personally i could n't care less what people do with their country . 
  i heard lot 's of young swedes move to norway . 
  must be something ( unemployment ??? ), 
  yeah , i 'm getting the same vibe for this . 
  most of the fucks that did the real work probably got off scot free . 
  thank you , where is your flair citizen ? 
  i 'm not really a federalist . 
  maybe more of a confedarist but other then that were good to go !, 
  yeah , the swiss have something called banking secrecy so even if the bosnain government were to get an indicment or interpol warrant they would n't be able to do anything since is classified as `` charity '' . 
  besides that the only thing that happened in a way that you might be able to call terrorism was the article i linked you and there was an attack on the american embassy i believe where a nut with an ak started shooting randomly at the building . 
  he 's dead now . 
  and do n't mention it mate . 
  always glad to help . 
  if you want more unbiased news or info about the balkan area just hit me up .
