  do n't do it . 
  it 's a trap !, 
  exactly . 
  muslims chanting how they are gon na take over europe and convert the world etc etc. 
  some loonies shooting up paris multiple times . 
  while this is horrible in and of itself . 
  it 's just background noise compared to the big picture . 
  they forget that europeans had slaughtered eachother on a industrial scale for two world wars . 
  our business is war , and we do it well . 
  topkek, 
  can you send some to croatia as well ? 
  i do n't care anymore . 
  are you serious ? 
  it 's pure trash and racist to boot . 
  well in that case i do agree with you . 
  i could n't care less what some american says or thinks . 
  they have their own problems of migration from south america . 
  we have ours from africa and asia . 
  different problems , different attitudes and different solutions . 
  to equate the two would be outright laughable . 
   frontex is a piece of shit . 
  i 'd rather my goverment send you some money then have that cancerous agency in charge . 
  is this a problem ? 
  i would go out on a limb and say that it 's one of the most sensible things to do . 
  i think we should revise the charter concerning refugees and go with the turkish interpretation . 
  you guys had the right idea . 
  soon brate . 
  yours is entirely irrelevant . 
  atleast people are discussing shit . 
  they think because they had their secular bosnian drinking buddie bring a bottle of rakija that suddenly all muslims are a-ok . 
  spoiler alert , they 're not . 
  w-w-what does that even mean ? 
  with what ? 
  broomsticks and german girls ? 
  over my dead body , kraut . 
  good . 
  you wo n't mind a couple million more then . 
   stormfront every damn time . 
  did you ever stop and realize that maybe people do n't want mass immigration from third world countries ? 
  or is it the scary nazi boogyman that 's brigading your precious echochamber ? 
  god , i see you in every thread defending mass immigration . 
  where are you even from . 
  insufferable . 
  a patriotic citizen that is concerned about his nation and people ? 
  same here . 
  after the shitholes in limburg for cheap rent . 
  never again . 
  rather have less purchasing power and pay more in rent . 
  now i just look for nice neigborhoods first . 
  rest is secondary . 
  absolutely disgusting . 
  if it means anything , i 'm sorry dude . 
  i 've seen the list of terror attacks in india . 
  you guys have it rough . 
  nice . 
  quick and painless . 
  keep doing what you 're doing . 
  we need to step up our own border security slovenbro . 
  that made me smile czechbro . 
  mostly albanians and gypsies . 
  it 's hardly a exclusive polish sentiment . 
  people still have a lot of beef with austrians as well here . 
  thanks za info . 
  austria 's fence is n't a fence . 
  it 's a obstructive barricade , do n't you see ? 
  completely different / s, 
   only ? 
  are you kidding yourself ??!, 
  dont you know what the hell happened to indigenous people ? 
  yea grass is always greener on the other side . 
  like i said . 
  british would have been better in every way . 
  they were christian like us . 
  the enlightenment helped a great deal . 
  also way more advanced then the backwards ottoman empire . 
  so having your firstborn taken is ok because you get to keep the rest ? 
  do you have children of your own ? 
  how can you even casually say this like it 's no big deal ? 
   `` unfortunately '' dont worry you killed , displaced most of them . 
  including my own grand grandparents . 
  while i 'll admit that everytime i read about the first balkan war that it gives me goosebumps imagining how we kicked out the turks out of europe . 
  remembering how we handled the helpless colonizers just leaves a bad taste in my mouth . 
  yes , i admit we we horrible to them . 
  the looting , killing and rapes are unjustifiable . 
  imho we should have either given them an option for safe passage to anatolia and confiscation of property or conversions and intergration . 
  the `` unfortunately '' you misunderstood . 
  it 's not like i condone it . 
  the communities that are left are extremely disadvantaged . 
  they are either in gangs or commiting petty crime and the women prostitute themselves . 
  it 's a lose-lose . 
   lets compare centuries of turkish rule vs a few decades but very very intense british rule . 
  i 'd wager a guess that the balkans would have been better ruled by the british then the turks . 
  they only wanted resources which are easy to come by . 
  turks wanted taxation and blood tax which had crippled the balkans . 
  manpower does n't grow on trees you know . 
  plus , you saying we removed our turkish populations is patently false , as there are unfortunately still large minority populations of them scattered around the balkans . 
  african nations removed their british populations as well . 
  they still get aid so pay up turk . 
  a swede defending eastern europe ? 
  i think i 'm in love .
