  narnia . 
  ahh . 
  the hypocrisy is almost palpable . 
  these fuckers are funding mosques all over the world spreading wahhabism while at the same time screaming islamophobia at everything else . 
  yes . 
  erm . 
  i 'm talking about croatia . 
  what about mine huh ? 
  where was our empire ? 
  where was our slave trade ? 
  and how did that work out for you ? 
  half your island is occupied . 
  too bad we did n't get the same treatment . 
  good riddence . 
  more like the normie republic . 
  where are you from newfriend . 
  no problem man . 
  yes it is . 
  national identity is something that has been fostered for hundreds of years . 
  if you want a pan-european identity . 
  knock yourself out . 
  just so you know . 
  most of the people identify with their respective countries rather then the eu or continent . 
  i 'm not entirely against the eu . 
  it 's just that i want it gutted of it 's power and devolve more power back to respective parlaiments . 
  this is all irrelevant to what i said and i stand by my comment . 
  not all bosnians are muslim you cretin . 
   federalise no thanks . 
  i prefer my nation states with some sovereignty . 
  you can keep kaiserin merkel . 
  i do n't know alot about it but the gist of it is that after yugslavia fell apart . 
  a few years after that happened . 
  the former henchmen and civilians that had connections to the defunct yugslav secret service founded the mafias of their respective countries . 
  they truly do n't care about racism or etnicity as you will find bosnain maffia partying in beograd and slovenes in croatia etc. 
  mix in some russians from montenegro and you have a worldwide network . 
  they mostly work with bribes , drugs , weapon smuggling etc. 
  the only ones that are not a part of the gang ( no pun intended ) are the albanian mafia . 
  mainly because they are so strong and mostly clanbased . 
  what ? 
  why ? 
  thanks for the info . 
  internet infrastructure is not rocketscience . 
  roads are expensive . 
  highways even more . 
  if you know about the rotunda at the entrance of tuzla or that highway from tuzla to sarajevo you will get my point . 
  alot of corruption . 
  everywhere a german took a shit is basically his criteria . 
  driving up house prices . 
  being insufferable pricks when on vacation and thinking they can claim a spot with a towel . 
  no a towel is not a flag and i will move your stuff if it is n't occupied for 3 hours or more . 
  what are you on about ? 
  why not . 
  they allowed the srebrenica genocide . 
  it is well known dude . 
  no need to pussyfoot around . 
  but they are not byzantines and constantinople is no more . 
  it is called istanbul . 
  turkey is not european in my eyes . 
  better then germans coming in and buying our houses . 
  waterfront property is almost impossible to get on a croatian salary . 
  if you really want to go crazy , look up prices in dubrovnik . 
  sell your kidney while your at it . 
  german again ? 
  maribor was never german . 
  that is kind of fucked up dude . 
  did n't realise lavians were so mixed . 
  are n't you slavic as well ? 
  i mean that is the latvian flag right ? 
  or do you consider yourself baltic ? 
  do n't edit your post . 
  i did n't mean to sound pc . 
  it 's just that western europeans stereotype slavic women alot and it kind of rubs me the wrong way . 
  that is kind of stereotyping mate . 
  just no . 
  that is a nice thing to say about your own countrymen . 
  dis gon be gud . 
  i know about gibraltar which is a total dick move . 
  thanks for the links m8 . 
  wow . 
  thanks for showing me . 
  i thought turkey was the only one occupying cyprus . 
  i just lost alot of respect for the british . 
   some nevermind . 
  i am an idiot . 
  apologies . 
  w. . wh . 
  what did you just show me . . 
  wait the british are still there or are you counting the raf base ? 
  do n't bother debating him . 
  if you want to , read up on his history . 
  he 's a turkish shill . 
  not all europeans are the same you piece of shit , calling others hypocrites . 
  balkans have beef with you and russia because of well documented reasons . 
  there is no `` european '' . 
  what a frenchman said does not apply to me and my country you imperialistic piece of shit . 
  bulgaria bringing the heat . 
  where did i say i was happy ? 
  it was disgusting and can be classed as an act of ethnic cleansing . 
  no one is denying this . 
  you are right .
