  would be wise to tap him too !, 
  3d printer lets you print a gun that might look legal , but would have no code and no signature . 
  it would be untraceable for authorities so they couldnt determine where it was bought . 
  that is probably the only advantage i can think of . 
  wait till the metal printers arrive for consumers . 
  that or stronger plastic alloys . 
  metal printers are already in use for industrial use . 
  15 years might be a reasonable amount of time to develop smaller and cheaper commercial variants for consumers . 
  `` russia will never run out of this shit '' - stalin 's reply on lost soldiers count . 
  i hear milk is good for radiation protection . 
  so nuking russia will only boost our milk sales !, 
  sound marketing strategy indeed . 
  russians have demonstrated and keep demonstrating their ability to not give a damn thing about international treaties whenever they feel like it . 
  it is nothing special , they always been like that . 
  you ca n't expect them to be different as long as the government officials are the same guys for the last couple decades . 
  people do n't change , appearances do . 
  oh boy , what is going on ? 
  i thought we were the god forgotten country nobody cares about and now we are on un security council ? 
  i need a worldview fix to accept this ... 
  another question remains . 
  how much do we collect from taxes from smokers buying cigarettes ? 
  lol . 
  i just love how tolerant and anti-racial comments are getting downvoted in europe subreddit ... real nice . 
  welcome to new/same old europe . 
  place where people hate each other for any reason and would cut your throat . 
   is it true that lithuanian nationalists you lost me there . 
  is it true that polish nationalists believe they are the masters of the world ? 
  / s sure there are plenty of nutjobs anywhere , but you ca n't make this a solid argument . 
  yes , lithuanians have some phobias , but it is not surprising remembering our tough history lessons that were provided by russians and polish at the same time . 
  but we were always friendly , tolerant and accepting . 
  this has not changed and will not change . 
  all minor struggles and phobias will be overcome in due time . 
  big countries have been picking on small lithuania for ages . 
  thanks to that we 've become resistant to it . 
  no russian vodka minibar . 
  this plain can not stay in air more than half a day . 
  it is probably useful for big households and businesses that host websites and other it services . 
  for a single flat it is over the roof though . 
  good thing they have a choice of multiple speeds !, 
  i see no problem , only vast plains of apportunity !, 
  with fast internet as a spice . 
  this is a valid argument , but you have to take into consideration that every smoker pays taxes each time they buy a pack of cigarettes . 
  over a course of time the amount of taxes paid is quite staggering if you take into account how long and how often smokers usually consume their poison . 
  i do n't know the facts , but i have a suspicion that we could heal quite a lot of people from these taxes alone ... 
  whats with the modern goverments thinking they have to regulate every inch of our lives ? 
  soon enough we will not have any choice on anything anymore . 
  everything will be determined by the wise guys in the government . 
  what do you have to eat . 
  what do you have to drink . 
  when do you have to sleep . 
  what car should you drive . 
  how you have to behave in your own balcony and bedroom ... sigh ... 
  well any region that gets shafted too often will eventually become aggravated by their situation and would want to secede . 
  that is not something that russia or any other nation would want . 
  so yeah , i do think that russia cares about kaliningrad to some extent , but their big games end up hurting that region too often . 
  i dont understand why we dont return the favor and block everything that goes from russian mainland to kaliningrad through lithuanian territory ... 
  and its a big bummer that we did !, 
  here is to hoping this will never repeat it self . 
  cheers !, 
  yeah i remember when it was shitty as hell in lithuania during soviet union and then well after the independence . 
  it really took a while till finally things got a lot better , 
  if we are considering only countries in eu , then for most of lithuanians it would be latvia . 
  man , i do n't even understand why we are separate countries . 
  the language is different , yet so similar that it is easy to find a common understanding just by using our languages . 
  those lithuanians that are familiar with or speak samogitian dialect can communicate with latvians even easier . 
  i used to study with a bunch of latvians in klaipeda . 
  man , how many times i thought they were talking lithuanian is beyond counting . 
  time for some other means of heating !, 
  * breaking news , booming child birth in lithuania !, 
  ... and if nsa approves it . 
  add to this the economic war that russia started with lithuania over customs and gas prices ... putin is real mad for something, 
  what do you mean ? 
  there are no jobs the locals would reject ? 
  you are wrong . 
  look how many job openings there are in lithuania . 
  some of them even stay up for half a year and still no candidate wants to accept the position . 
  the lithuanian job market is rampant with high salary expectations and no desire to get hands dirty . 
   back then in terms of % there were very few high skill jobs to do so the immigrants would integrate easier i do n't agree with this . 
  lower % of high skill jobs means that many nationals are in the same job pool as the immigrants/refugees . 
  this does not help to integrate easier . 
  in fact , it makes everything harder , because there is national resistance , because refugees are directly taking jobs from the nationals . 
  if the high skill % of jobs are many in the country , then very few nationals are inclined to take the low skill jobs in the market , thus making immigration/refugees a blessing to patch and revive the economy . 
  keep in mind that almost every lithuanian national graduate from either university , college or professional school . 
  our job market is filled with educated people not willing to take low skill jobs and expecting high salaries for sweeping floors as a consequence of that . 
  the only way to employ a refugee is if no other european national wants to work that job . 
  you have to prove that none eu nationals applied for the position and then get approval for refugee employment . 
  to be fair , point to any country in the world which does n't have dreams of justice and fairness . 
  i bet all them have this `` unique trait '' , except not all of them succeed in it . 
  wooops , sorry but this response is already patented . 
  how ? 
  pretty much this, 
  smart grand duchy strategy never disappoint, 
  seems like you have more in common with greece than you think : latvia : 25820 greece : 25860 greece - the new latvia :d paying for mistakes that they made 10 years go, 
  dis stronk greek math skills !, 
  i clearly remember armed men storming gov buildings even before there were any ukranian response ... 
  dude has a point . 
  if you were a nazi , it would be pretty stupid of you to march into auschwitz all dressed as ss, 
  yeah well , people applauded great ideas . 
  you cant blame foreigners though for your own bad execution . 
  so you say you have many russian minorities ...
