  i would love to see such increases in lithuania :d 50 euros a year is a lot over here :d, 
  well afaik they used to translate games and then sell them with their own `` branding '' ... back then games were distributed in cd . 
  the good old times . 
  many people are upset in lithuania that we failed to build a new nuclear power plant , yet when this question got raised in public referendum , majority voted against nuclear power . 
  now they even wanted to make policies made by referendum extra-legal ... 
  i 'm telling you , decisions made by rule of majority can lead to the worst kind of ruling . 
  i would better opt out for dictatorship in that case :d, 
  damn this latvian language is funny :d  bet tu nevar\u0113ji , tu nezin\u0101ji lol, 
  yeah , typical russian point of view . 
  it is always the west 's fault !, 
  if you would 've taken democracy as a duty and taken care of it , i 'm sure you would 've been just fine . 
  sadly , democracy is a fickle flower . 
  if you do n't shower it regularly it will wither down and die . 
  one day russia will join eu . 
  but only after serious changes in liberties and market economy . 
  no one wants to deal with a market where everything is a big monopoly of oligarchs . 
  i hope you realize that ? 
   atheism til , atheism is western ideology :d no wonder usa is totally atheist and no religion zealotry there . 
  good riddance that vatican is not considered western too , cos that would totally ... oh wait . 
   we waited for it all 90 's exactly your problem . 
  waiting . 
  if you want to achieve something , you have to work for it . 
  every day . 
  very hard . 
  every eastern european country had to tighten their belts and work very hard to become eu member . 
  under proper leadership and proper guide it is doable as the rest of eastern europe has shown . 
  we hang out with latvians though , 
  he owns business in europe , too . 
  i know there is a chocolate factory that he owns in my city . 
   roshen right ? 
  fancy words do n't fancy me !, 
  war is good for business, 
  well , i do n't know exactly why , but we have large business sectors in logistics and automobile trading , so maybe that 's the reason ... 
   people still have a right to make such decisions for themselves , even if they make the `` wrong '' choice . 
  in many cases i would agree with you , but here they still have the choice to decide for themselves . 
  a parent can still buy energy drink and hand it to their minor . 
  potato ? 
  good weather , beer , chikitas and drugs . 
  yep i can see why, 
   all countries in eastern europe had just come out of 30 years of totalitarian soviet rule it was at least double that time for us ... 
  there are many forms of conflicts , not all of them involve dick swinging with ak47 okay ? 
  shooting yourself in the leg would be doing the same mistake all over again - not having allies against russian aggression and getting occupied and exploited all over again . 
  it is good that we are learning from countless history lessons . 
   3 and 4 seemed really weird to me . 
  1 and 2 seemed very plausible . 
  but they kind of lost me when they started talking about how social media would overtake governments and people would like on facebook to vote for government leaders , really stupid . 
   i 'll eat my socks if it 's like that in 2030 . 
  saved for future reference . 
  cu in 30 years, 
  in general we should all look for ways to achieve similar results without natural gas . 
  for example , i installed wood pellet heater to warm my house . 
  if we would look for alternatives and technological solutions , and invest a lot of money , we can increase our gas independence drastically . 
  which is why you will never have friendly relations with your neighbors . 
  clearly you like it that way , but i do n't see a reason why you bitch all the time about them `` evil nato '' encroaching your boarders . 
  we have more to lose than you . 
  it is our friends and partners in question , a concept you will probably forget very soon :d, 
  baltics are on continental europe , which can be accessed through poland . 
  lithuania is connected with poland and there are works starting on trans-baltic railway through finland-estonia-latvia-lithuania ( plans laid down , finance almost there , companies already preping constructions etc ) . 
  also , baltic sea can be easily closed and taken control of by eu , because it surrounds baltic sea completely , while russia has only two entry points ( one of which is more like an isolated lonely island surrounded by angry men ) . 
  sweden , poland and germany have direct access to baltic sea and can use it to deliver ships , army , supplies . 
  the distance from germany to baltic states through baltic sea is about 800 km , 600-400 km from poland and 200 - 300 km from sweden . 
  they can mobilize and arrive for help on time . 
  in addition , many of their avionics are in operational range for air combat on baltic heavens . 
  regarding your links , i appreciate these . 
  but excuse my skepticism ... i really do n't think `` pledge of no first use '' ever meant anything other than some populist deals . 
  even the article you linked says :  `` no one there or here ever had a ` no first use ' policy , '' he said . 
  `` only very naive people ever believed that . 
  it does n't mean any change in operations , in readiness , in technology , targeting . 
  it 's just a very practical statement for a country that now has few other ways of warning off attacks on its territory . '', 
  in general , soviet union and russian federation do not differ much in terms of military tactics and nuclear deterrent strategies . 
  i do not find these posturings surprising , they always liked to wave their nuclear weapons and frighten everybody . 
  that set aside , a nuclear strike on say estonia would be a nuclear strike on eu . 
  eu would respond immediately . 
  pretty sure russian military generals would be deterred by this fact themselves , too . 
  unless suicidal ... which is a possibility edit : here is european railway map just for interest : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:european_railway_map.jpg as you can see estonia - latvia - lithuania is already connected through railways . 
  additional planned trans-baltic railway is for highspeed heavy duty railways only . 
  that 's good for australia , but i do n't think their target market will be europe . 
  there are large countries nearby that would buy lng too , no ? 
   i was simply stating that if the eu does n't prepare itself , does n't up it 's military spending to respond decisively to any russian invasion , to stop estonia & your own country from falling completely , it leaves them in a very shitty position . 
  eu defense spending , stratagems and logistics are all based on defensive schemes . 
  realistically though , it is impractical to station defensive forces in baltics that would be able to defend against russian aggression . 
  you would need like at least 100k stationed troops at all times to at least stand a chance . 
  in addition to this a couple hundred tanks , and fighters . 
  having such a standing army on such a small plot of land is unrealistic in the long term . 
  most stratagems revolve around timely reaction and mobilization of resources for pushing incursions back from baltic lands . 
  nobody really believes that russia would use nukes if a conventional war gets incited ** on eu land . 
  ** that would simply be insane and a guaranteed mad . 
  crimea is a very bad example in general , because it was mostly autonomous region in ukraine and local population were n't exactly resisting the occupation . 
  the only time militaries shed blood was after the matter was settled and a transition of power was taking place . 
  and even then ukrainian army barely shot anything . 
  you ca n't compare this to say a proper annexation of a country where its military and citizens are against occupation , no refendums , no support at all . 
  even if the occupation succeeds i rly doubt it would remain as stable as crimea . 
  last time baltics were annexed there were partizan resistance for a very long time . 
  same would happen now , but it would be properly funded by the west until a proper reclaiming operation can be organized . 
  yes , but these nuclear deterrents were performed on an allied land , which was willing to do that . 
  the case of estonia would be entirely different . 
  also , in case of north korea shooting shells , south korea never retaliated , as part of their military doctrine to await political approval from central goverment . 
  this has changed with recent government and now they retaliate instantly whenever north korea starts shooting at least remotely close to south 's border . 
   polish military is infamous for corruption and misspending . 
  is n't that a coherent story in broadly anything ?
