  ever heard of a good cop bad cop ? 
  yeah well , excuse us europeans for having a gripe with war machines rolling over peoples lives ... eu is an union for peace with peaceful measures . 
  we 've had our share of wars for a lot longer than usa exists . 
  the day when we `` agree '' on military actions is not even in the horizon . 
  : why are you guys getting downvoted ? 
  is that last man to the right stroking ? 
  i guess that 's where the opposition sits ? 
  but we are not shivering in fear . 
  we have russia in a couple court disputes and we are changing our energy infrastructure to accommodate energy resources that does not come from russia . 
  so , really , russia can keep shooting itself to the foot for all eternity . 
  we will be independent from their madness and there really is nothing we are afraid about that . 
  just a few weeks ago somebody tried to convince me that press freedoms are quite good in russia , despite all the evidence of journalists getting killed or persecuted . 
  this event probably wo n't change hardliner 's mind either . 
  on the topic though , why would putin suddenly be interested in tightening his grip on news ? 
  new plans for the future or fear of information freedom ? 
  well , but he is n't exactly a sociologist , nor a scientist of any subject , except art . 
  so he is not really defining anything here and trying to look for something more than just art is taxing the issue a bit too much . 
  i found the whole album extremely interesting and funny , until i encountered that poor dude in bed . 
  that was n't funny at all . 
   greece would be isolated and much poorer than now even after the crisis . 
  the golden dawn would have taken over and a whole new macedonian era would have begun !, 
  they would strike a deal with poland and split germany in half . 
  french would be taken over the last as always , and brits would just be there saying `` u wot m8 ? '', 
  except that we like medians more than averages . . 
   neither can address challenges of the new times + nor america can . 
  nobody can do shit . 
  some good old russian nihilism . 
  from baltic sea to the black sea we shall descend upon thee !, 
  yeah , i studied with a bunch of latvians and i can tell you that i could understand them 50 % of the time without much practice . 
  their language is quite different though and the only similarities between us is our native dialect samogitian ( \u017demaitija ) . 
  since i am an ethnic minority from samogitia , i happen to have quite a handful of common words between latvians . 
  yeah , commons are quick to forget that we once ruled half of europe together with brethren polish . 
  but do n't worry ... one day we shall rise again !, 
  knock knock !, 
  who 's there ?!, 
  cheap shoes , yo !, 
  well , where have you been all my life ? 
   where she keep on hating our president . 
  hey , man ... haters gon na hate !, 
  it thinks the process that got her convicted wants a strong opponent to yanukovych itself, 
  it was bolivian presidential air plane , as far as i remember . 
  but usa officials confessed that it was their orders to do so , no ? 
  i seem to remember something like it . . p.s. 
  so espana does the dirty job again ? 
  so thrilling ... 
  did n't usa break the vienna convention as well when they force landed that bolivian president 's ( ? ), 
  plane and searched it for mr. invisible snowden ? 
  ofc , greek nationals do n't do crazy stuff aaaaaat aaaaaaalllllllllll . 
  / bestfantasyworldever they only do it for 700 euros ;d / s, 
  sounds more like you live in a fantasy world . 
   curious as to what extent these blocks will take place . 
  you can be curious . 
  i am not , cos i know where this all ends sooner or later . 
  it wo n't be curious or amusing in the end though !, 
  so ... did they kill him eventually or did they go for a coffee break first ? 
  no , no , no , no !, 
  we need government agents in our kitchen , bedroom , supermarkets and bank accounts . 
  why you think its a massive leap to assume it . 
  all it says is `` whats going on im american '' . 
  it does n't say `` i did not hear about it because i do not get european news '' . 
  it does though symbolize the usual ` murica attitude . 
  `` oh i 'm stupid but i 'm american so forgive me ! '', 
  it does business in my country , employs hundreds of people and creates prosperity . 
  that 's all i care , tbh . 
  if it is owned by nordic that 's a plus in my book . 
  i like italian restaurants , because its exotic . 
  yeah , local is interesting , but if everything would be local it would be a boring place to live, 
  no potato and dont mention it in public, 
  we have exceptions everywhere for pregnant women or disabled people in almost every place i can think of . 
  not sure whether it is law or not , but it is certainly basic business rules . 
  like no waiting in line , instant service and etc. 
  my friend pretends she is pregnant every time there is a long row :d, 
  omg . 
  that would piss off anyone . 
  ca n't imagine how it is okay to do that in any moral society ... 
  or is it a '' ! '', 
  like `` warning greece here '', 
  i say fine . 
  let them do with their turf whatever they want . 
  as long as they do n't cockblock us everywhere i do n't really care whether they have a 800 million gas storage or potato storage in kaliningrad . 
  unfortunately though , such views are not shared by our russian friends . 
  i hear the same story for doctors here in lithuania . 
  wonder how many other countries do have these stories as well . 
  and ultimately , how can germany employ every doctor in da world ? 
  dis is madness, 
  based on current comments , i have found out that 99 % likes the idea , 1 % does n't . 
  since we do n't have any other means to achieve measurement of such an intricate question , i rule this case closed . 
  almost a haiku poem . 
  true alternative art !, 
  thanks for linking to that lithuanian poster . 
  i missed that glorious opportunity to downvote a heretic !, 
   i do know that the russian people are the biggest victims of the current situation in russia yeah tell that to my friends in lithuania who will not be able to pay the heating bill this winter due to russia milking our little country to da maxxx . 
  sure , those russians have it hard , but food , sleep , warmth comes before prosperity , morality and political freedom . 
  love the oldman cleaning the pavement while it is still raining with stones . 
  he has obviously plenty of free time , can afford cleaning the same place after it stops raining later :d, 
   in 99 % of the case you will see two opposing opinions in the top comments . 
  i think there are more people who dislike hided votes than there are who can not decide for themselves . 
  by a large margin . 
  but you can not say for a fact that this is so . 
  this is all anecdotal evidence we are handling with .
