obvious yurofag nazi troll site . 
  no one will notice ur gone cos you dont have nukes either . . , 
  it is incredibly surprising to me that hunter-gatherers populated europe 45,000 years ago and stayed like that for 34,000 years until finally some farmers came and changed the way it is . 
  is it possible for people to stay the same ( culturally and technologically ) for ~ 35000 years ? 
  it is just really shocking idea considering nowadays there is n't a single day that something is n't changed/invented/developed ... 
  yeah everyone could use some of that russian humanitarian help, 
  the west paralysed as before in history . 
  they will wale up only when russia starts knocking at berlin again ... also something something nato blablabla, 
  yeah , but forgetting the past while continuing to do the same in the future is kinda ... moronic , do n't you agree ? 
  for example , most nations in europe forgot the fascist past of germany , not because they repeatedly asked us to forget it , but because they sincerely reformed and changed their behavior 180 . 
  just you wait till kazakh suddenly becomes facist gay nazis eating babies !, 
  such a glorious thing , motherland propaganda is . 
  one day best pals , the other public enemy no. 1, 
  tbh , usa do n't even have to work hard for its alliance to grow . 
  the ideological opponents are doing magic work for it . 
  if you were given a choice between liberalism/democracy and russian oppression i think it becomes quite easy . 
  also , consider the fact that the west never forced anybody to choose it instead of others . 
  ukraine has a choice . 
  it can join russia 's block , but it does n't want to . 
  and russia has been trying hard to pull them further from them ever since . 
  as was the case with many other eastern european countries as well . 
  now i 'm not saying that one side is evil and the other is saint . 
  all i want to stress is the poor choice of strategy . 
  hard power works only in the short term anyway . 
  nations will try to do their best to run away from your hard power strategy . 
  consider two types of extortionists . 
  one is soft and pleasant but he robs you daily while the other is aggressive and brutal but he robs you on a monthly basis . 
  sure , the later happens less often , but when it does oh boy you will remember while the former happens regularly but compared to the latter it is miles better . 
  it is just human nature . 
  missile defence veapon . 
  problem solved ;d do ve haf an agreement on the anti-missile veapon ? 
  inb4 lithuanian peacekeepers in kaliningrad, 
  look , it was the people of lithuania that went out into the streets and demanded russians to gtfo or else . 
  it was also the same people who chose liberalism and democracy because they wanted it . 
  not because some invisible uncle sam slapped them with a dick and forced us to do that . 
  sure , they might have sent some support , socks , chocolate bars , soda or w/e so that we reach our goal easier . 
  but does that make it right to say that democracy and liberalism was stuffed down our throats by usa ? 
  same goes for maidan , i think . 
  people wanted it . 
  they still do . 
  you can send thousand russian tanks in and kill everybody . 
  they will continue do want what they want regardless . 
  look , lithuania was enslaved for literally centuries . 
  we wanted our freedom and fought for it continuously regardless how hard we were raped . 
  you can kill our language , exile our people , force us pretend we are commies ... but in the end of the day , people will revolt and achieve what they want . 
  if there is someone who sends money to help achieve that goal , it is fine by me . 
  if there is not enough support among the people for the goal you are financing , chances are your money will disappear and achieve nothing anyway . 
  you ca n't force anybody do what you want and make them feel as if its their choice . 
  they make choice themselves and then look for means to reach that end . 
  nah , many countries had a choice and invited western liberalism or chose western liberalism by themselves ... 
  even cases were usa just blatantly invaded countries they eventually pulled out willingly . 
  that 's a very different approach from what russia does in my book at least . 
  stahp crushing their dreams with your logic and stuff !, 
  yeah i remember that things were difficult and unpredictable but there was also a feeling of relief and joy . 
  people were finally free from russian oppression and it dratically changed how people endure hardships . . 
  they really love their ussr days , so ... 
  what was it like ? 
  thats exactly what i said . 
  the west will avoid sending its troops because russia has sent theirs . 
  so they will avoid direct conflict as much as possible but their mission will be to contain this aggression in ukraine so that it doesnt spread further to the west . 
  you can expect increased cooperation between ukraine and west countries . 
  weapons , instructors , intelligence and money . 
  i 'm sure they will . 
  they lifted arms embargo and are sending instructors to train the troops . 
  this is only the beginning . 
  you are being blind and stubborn to deny the reality - nobody wants this russian aggression getting out of hand so the west will want to fight this in the middle ground , rather than its on soil . 
  now , sure , `` russia will never attack eu or nato , its suicide '' blah blah . 
  same as `` russian will never attack ukraine '' blah blah . 
  nobody will take chances here and this conflict will be turned into intense proxy war very soon , except that russia will be involved directly while the west will be supporting ukraine anyway it can . 
  weapons , military equipment , intel , money ... everything except boots on the ground . 
  we will save it for ourselves . 
   put poland above austria . 
  the only thing that truly matters, 
   you appear to have a source of knowledge i am unaware of any other human possessing see , you just lied again !, 
  [ everybody lies ] ( http://www.fearlessformulafeeder.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/wallpapers_30535.jpg ), 
  yeah . 
  lets better try the defensive civilian aircraft downings . 
  never say never !, 
  ooops, 
  these are absolutely not russians !, 
  they are neither drunk nor poor homeless !!, 
  nah sry bro but russia has a right to protect those russian nationals !, 
  and everybody knows that best way to ensure safety is blowing up civilian aircrafts . 
  drinking molotov cocktails and enjoying high explosive bbq !, 
  we may be on the verge of new species discovery over here !, 
   norway is doing fine without the eu wait wat ? 
  norway is in eu . 
  just instead of a proper membership they choose one that enslaves them by robbing their representation and ability to influence decisions . 
  i would be very surprised if their contract has a clause that lets them abandon agreements because rebels goes nuts somewhere far away and shoots civilians ... 
   that was its point during the cold war . 
  as we clearly see , cold war did n't end . 
  its a vehicle ... 
  it has wheels ... 
  because latvia is eu member and usa or some god forgotten african country is not . 
  afterall this is reddit about europe, 
  it was all necessary . 
  just think about the wonders of seeing a modern , happy , politically free and economically viable ussr !, 
  would kill billions for such awesomeness . 
  lol k. every gvt an imperialist pig . 
  what ??
