  you think people hate hidden votes . 
  i love hidden votes ( esp . 
  because i participate in many subreddits that handle voting in temporarily hidden system ) . 
  and yeah , the 99 % case is really imaginary too , because i can count a lot more cases that got downvoted to oblivion with opposing opinions as replies than a few opinions that did n't . 
  in the end of the day , nobody assumes that opposing opinions will be automatically downvoted to oblivion . 
  hidden votes simply gives everyone * fair chance * or equal opportunities to be heard . 
  ... and european borshch support association agreement !, 
  it is hard to answer this question unilaterally , because even the easiest things at hand can be viewed differently by different personas . 
  regardless of that , many young people in lithuania has been brought up with idea how `` bad and twisted '' ussr was and how damaging it was to lithuania in general . 
  so needless to say there is a strong consensus among youth on this topic . 
  yet , the consensus becomes weak majority with elderly generation . 
  because many elderly people started to romanticize the past times and imagine how everything was working properly in those times and everything in general was a lot more simple . 
  the problem is that popular opinion shuns opposing opinion . 
  hiding score for some time would make opposing opinion visible and open to discussion with popular opinion for far longer than 5mins . 
  also , attributing bandwagoning to popular opinion might be correct in * some circumstances * , but it would be foolish to do so adamantly for all circumstances . 
  because bandwagoning and popular opinion * can be different things * . 
  reddit sometimes behaves intricately , by upvoting comments that have many upvotes and downvoting comments that have many downvotes . 
  some redditors would not even vote in many cases , but the situation at hand propels them to act , because a decision has been made already . 
  in other words , saves time from thinking for himself . 
  when scores are hidden , redditors would not have apparent decision visible to them and would have to decide for themselves . 
  which may in many cases change how the voting goes completely . 
  just my 2cents , man edit for clarity : you would still be able to downvote whoever you want and once the score becomes visible the bandwagoning factor would kick in as it normally expected . 
  this would simply give a little more time for the opposing opinion to either defend itself or get more visible . 
  it would stop `` bandwagoning '' , which is often a symptom here in r/europe, 
  indeed , for a french that would be like a small gathering in a park to drink tea and sing songs . 
  but this is n't france after all . 
  i can not say for a fact whether this is huge or small , but based from my own cultural perspective , which is a lot closer to ukrainian culture than , say , french culture would be , this is quite big news . 
  we rarely protest in lithuania , but when we do it is never `` 1 million in the streets '' . 
  50 thousand in street is already major major protest . 
  all things aside , there is always something wrong with any idea or protest once you take an empty bottle of vodka and stuff it into gay man 's ass , proceed to kick him and knife him to death , because , you know , gay are evil !, 
  and you do that repeatedly for several times in different locations . 
  yeah you might not like the `` western values '' and their `` superior morality '' on political level , but when society behaves like i mentioned , it does n't matter what your arguments are anymore . 
  perhaps somebody can still care , but i find it extremely hard to believe any kind of `` reasonable arguments '' from russia nowadays on this topic ... 
  or simply hide the score count for some time : [ score hidden ], 
  the reason why you hear about european corruption so often is that these societies have free press and democracy . 
  so much information is open and free for everybody to read and check . 
  i wish russians would have such a strong hatred for corruption as they have for gays . 
  i did . 
  and it does prove the rule . 
  they do n't do orange revolutions every week . 
  that 's not a culture that specializes in daily massive protests like france or uk ... uknow, 
  i applaud your mathematical skills , but society is not entirely about mathematics all the time . 
  you are analyzing eastern european countries . 
  culturally these people do not protest en masse . 
  and when they do protest , its usually just like what you see now . 
  eastern cultures are a bit more calm and suppressed in terms public display . 
  this is n't france or uk . 
  we do n't do grand things very often . 
  but when we do ... [ it changes the world ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:baltic_way_1.jpg ) . 
  well the playground was not yet built there , it was in the process of being built . 
  so i would n't blame architect for it solely . 
  sounds like construction company fucked up . 
  um ... quick to do judgements yet slow to look for information . 
  well , bad start is half the job . 
  if you enter the link on the right corner you will see a link with capital letters saying `` ranking methodology '' . 
  here is the link in case you still do n't see it . 
  [ ranking methodology ] ( http://www.doingbusiness.org/~/media/giawb/doing%20business/documents/annual-reports/english/db14-chapters/db14-ease-of-doing-business-and-distance-to-frontier.pdf ), 
  lukasenka can be replaced by something else , so i doubt a natural collapse of regime is possible ... 
   the european union does n't know what the european union is . 
  and here i am taking lectures from an american on european union . 
  yeah . 
  eu does not know what it is , does not know why it exists and does not know when it exists . 
  spare me the fuzz . 
  it knows precisely why it exists , what it is and who it represents . 
  it also knows pretty precisely that ** it is not a nation . 
  ** and will never be a nation . 
  it started as a trade block god dammit . 
  not a world government like everyone likes to imagine nowadays . . also , is this conversation weird or are you changing subjects and your own opinions as you go ? 
  before my reply you were all posturing your preferences :  i would much rather the euro become the world 's reserve currency if it ca n't be us now suddenly , `` there will be a collection of great powers '' , no superpowers bla bla , sorry random eu guy . 
  will this also happen with your imaginative description of european union which does not know that it is european union ? 
   it wants to be taken seriously as a single nation , instead of one in name only . 
  i am sorry , but somewhere in your fuzzy posturings you forgot what european union is and what it represents ...  the e.u. 
  still has a long way to go , and a lot more tests , and a lot more integration to go , before it is in the clear . 
  or usa has to continue fuck up international relations and produce more global crises . 
  sometimes it only takes for someone to fall . 
   what i believe is that the eu has been given consistently more and more power and yet has fucked up so royally with the euro project that it has caused more economic and social damage to countries in europe than anything else since the second world war . 
  yeah ... the damage is so extensive and * terrible * . 
  it 's horrifying to think that we have roads , houses , stable governments , food on tables and bright future to think about !, 
  good old bombed out cities , roads , gone governments , poverty , no potato and comrade kgb were the best days !, 
  totally worth leaving , i mean , da price of da euro is too damn high !, 
   they could cause a couple days disruption to a minor stock exchange , but the big boys are ( almost ) immunized by the shear , daunting , frightening volume of the trade they engage in . 
  yes , but eu could make some trade changes , cancel some treaties and make a dent on the big boys earnings ( as well as damage itself ) . 
  now it probably wo n't , cos that would be stupid , but they are at least publicly threatening it . 
  so while the small burglars do not have the capacity to hurt economically the big boys , they could anger a sleeping lion to make some stupid actions and hurt somebody economically . 
  which is what i wanted to say by `` does n't need to be big to cause an avalanche '', 
  yeah , i hear china is pretty attracted to africa . 
  might not be the smartest idea ;d, 
   black markets are an entirely different animal sure , but they are still part of market . 
  and it does n't take a giant to cause avalanche . 
  keep underestimating obvious things and you will get into situation where things get out of control and everything you did n't want to happen , happens . 
  like orwellian mass surveillance , corporate and political espionage ... eh . 
  i do n't really need to tell you why it is bad , do i ? 
  oh crap i already know where this is going . 
  i need to find an uninhabited island fast !, 
   i do n't doubt that they would cheat at the marketplace if they could . 
  i just do n't believe they really can . 
  yeah , because history has taught americans that cia and other secret intelligence agencies do not have capabilities and desires to cheat the system and do illegal things they are not supposed to do . 
  you know , like trading cocaine and arming terrorists . 
  phew ... [ ohwait ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/allegations_of_cia_drug_trafficking ), 
  i hear their president is a muslim african radical .
