  i 'm sure that will crack you up !, 
  we 're still blamed for warring against russia in 14th century ... so ... 
  that 's not surprising . 
  gazprom positions are highly political and thus have inside information . 
  yeah . 
  join russia today and we promise to solve all your problems with a brick in your face !, 
  really good read , appreciated . 
  hope for the best for ukraine, 
  all hair the soviet re-union peaceful expansion !, 
   those countries also heavily rely on ** not having balls ** . 
  it 's really sad that they 're in this situation ftfy, 
  education would be hard to achieve having a cactus stuck in your anus ... just sayin, 
  listen to yourself . 
  eu has an ally to gain from helping ukraine . 
  otherwise , not only they lose a potential ally , but also disappoint a lot of current members . 
  i for one know that i wo n't be supporting eu anymore if they fail to support the european ideals that they so fevershly advertised beforehand . 
  i hope so too , but economic sanctions work in the long term . 
  there still has to be some kind of short-term deterrent to stop any desires to expand offensives on ukrainian soil or any other soil for that matter . 
  doing nothing is not an option as well as ww2 has shown . 
  it 's only been 70 years . 
  no , i do n't want to fight russians , but it is not my fault they are waving weapons while being drunk in our backyard . 
  if you just ignore them more and bigger trouble will follow . 
  there has to be diplomatic and military deterrent in place . 
  no one says that we have to send tanks to fight them , but we should send these tanks to show off that we are there if need be as a deterrent . 
  add economical sanctions and maybe they will never escalate to a real conflict . 
  either way , they have already passed the red line . 
  tally dallying is already too late . 
  they could use some of those german leopard 2s though !, 
  yeah . 
  let 's all lay down our weapons now and surrender to the new overlords and their nukes . 
  scrap that european union and embrace the soviet re-union !, 
  come on , they wo n't use nukes , because they are on offensive and in foreign territory . 
  as long as it is kept that way there wo n't be any nukes involved ... if russians manage to stay away from vodka during the conflict . 
  they will get on each other grip once eu vs russia begins . 
  the whole world will divide into camps and slit each other throats . 
  just like any other ww . . 
   eu would need to build some of those nuclear plants they are so afraid of to pull that one of . 
  which is the sad part . 
  we have these old generation 1 and 2 nuclear plants that are incredibly unsafe and could potentially cause a lot of trouble . 
  all this only because of nuclear phobia . 
  if only we could replace them with generation 3 + reactors which would generate a lot more power and be incredibly safe . . nope . 
  lets better buy gas from russia and then get invaded !, 
  and later yard-states, 
  that was ... glorious, 
  yes, 
  you sure are , cos you probably heard about the country for the first time when these protests started . 
  obviously nothing else matters before that . 
  compared to belarus it is a success . 
  if you think putin is worried , i guess lukashenko is in panic then :d, 
  i heard about some nutjobs collecting votes for referendum , but that it actually is going to be executed ? 
  no way ... 
  we 've been enjoying this brain drain tbh . 
  it lessened our massive employment problems and in return brought back skills and knowledge that were otherwise hard to get . 
  also , emigrants support their native country with money pretty well too . 
  i alone had several it projects at work that were n't possible if not for some emigrants living outside lithuania and some returners with extensive experience in exotic fields . 
  not to nitpick , just wan na discuss these points rather than simply state as facts and forget about it ...  only 13 % of the swedes want the euro radical change of public opinion , although rare , happened all over the human history . 
  the example list would be so long it would explode reddit to bits and pieces . 
  i 'm sure some well versed historian can help us out here !, 
  not saying this will happen . 
  but gradual changes are predetermined to happen since every kilometer around sweden is gradually turning blue over time . 
   not having the euro has been an advantage for sweden , in comparison to finland for example which studies show . 
  the monetary policy of sweden is largely similar to european . 
  [ in fact ] ( http://www.economics.ox.ac.uk/materials/working_papers/paper442.pdf ) swedish monetary policy is simply following the eurozone , this implies it has no independence currently anyway , and thus to join the euro would instead of depriving sweden of policy independence give her a say in the determination of european monetary policy by granting the governor of the sveriges riksbank a seat on the ecb 's governing council . 
  there are , of course , more talk points about this , but i do n't feel competent enough to comment on it atm . 
   the euro is a heading towards a depression/deflation , the boat is swinging , yes , but if you analyze individual countries you will find out that some are doing pretty well compared to others that are not so great . 
  overall , it evens out . 
  nothing to be surprised at , considering this is an apparatus of different makings and environments . 
   costs money , yes , but there is no such thing as free lunch anyway . 
   is badly run , qualitative measurement without basis . 
  everything could be said to be `` badly running '' . 
  how badly ? 
  why badly ? 
  where badly ? 
   is a badly constructed currency union , if it is so bad then why is sweden copy-pasting it so feverishly ? 
  sure , some things could get better . 
  why do you think it is impossible to fix these things ? 
   has the worst crises handling one has ever seen , constantly needs bail out , worst crises one has ever seen ? 
  lets not exaggerate here too much . 
  we all have food on tables and children are not starving in streets . 
  [ i remember reading about times ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hyperinflation_in_the_weimar_republic ) when the exchange rate between the u.s. dollar and the german mark was about $ 1 to 1 trillion marks . 
  a situation so screwed up that it threw the whole of europe into a second clusterfuck that we call ww2 and later developments that followed . 
  or that [ one occasion ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_depression ) when the crisis was so long and severe that it lasted about 10 years and for some meant almost instant poverty . 
  for some , it took entire lifetimes just to break even from the losses ... 
  yes , the 2008 financial crisis and the following clusterfucks of eu economy are severe . 
  but lets not get carried over here too much ...  will probably collapse no one really can say for sure if that will happen . 
  can it happen ? 
  sure . 
  is it likely to happen over night ? 
  the likelihood is about as much as chances of moon escaping earth 's gravity overnight . 
  the fact that countries are willing , able and exercising bail-outs to fix or prolong the situation suggests that the situation can carry on or be fixed . 
  real doom and gloom happen when you can not go on anymore . 
   why would anyone want to join that . 
  well , many other countries that want to join european union disagrees . 
  sweden did n't want to join long before 2008 crisis and things following that . 
  lets not pretend that this is the sole and main reason for such opinion . 
  there probably are other things at play . 
   no one wants it really , neither of our politicians , economists , the people or from the business world etc - it would be political suicide . 
  well , not really `` no one '' per se , but agreed on that point . 
  although , things have a matter of changing . 
  radical change is rare and spontaneous , so i 'm not saying this might happen in sweden .
