  remember everybody talking about how poland is corrupt and fails to build proper roads ? 
  i 'm pretty confident they will overcome whatever the challenges face them . 
  would you mind expanding on cuba and turkey narrative a bit , cos i do n't think i follow you ... 
  the concept of `` de-escalation using nuclear strikes '' is not different now , nor ever . 
  they are calling it that way , yes , but it mainly concerns an attack on their original borders which they would fail to defend . 
  the case of estonia is an entirely different matter . 
  if russia would be willing to pull this madballs strategy of annexing * a nation * in a couple weeks and then deterring anybody from reclaiming it , all because of some shady talks about how they would use nukes , that would seriously fuck up the world . 
  everybody would start doing the same and smalls nations would simply disappear from the map . 
   estonia gone does n't threaten the total collapse of the european union ( or ... maybe it does with this one . . but not the other two ) , america or even western europe in general ( where the two eu nuclear states are ) . 
  same applies to russia . 
  they wo n't collapse if estonia gets retaken . 
  thus same rules apply to any side . 
  if russia can attack eu and then keep it because of nukes , so can eu attack russian estonia and keep it because of nukes . 
  logic goes both ways . 
  since clearly nukes wo n't be used in these scenarios , because its stupid , conventional war is more than possible . 
  you seem to be doing those deserved `` punishments '' over and over and over again for like ... forever . 
  you think it 's all well and deserved , but many people in europe are tired of your shit and would like a friendly russia which is capable to cooperate , negotiate and co-exist together . 
  but it is always `` us and them '' in your mindset . 
  there is something nations in european union have learned that you missed for centuries . 
  hope you catch up in the next two centuries on that ... 
  ... poland stronk ? 
   it will take estonia and threaten a nuclear war with anybody who tries to take it back . 
  doubtful . 
  if this were so easy , why nothing like this was ever done during cold war ? 
  why were the annexed states allowed to secede in the first place ? 
  they could 've just said `` fuck you we nuke your ass if you even fart against us ! '' . 
  nobody is going to use nukes on disputes that are not on their original territory . 
  even if it were original territory , nukes would come into play as a last resort - when nothing else is left to lose - when total collapse in unavoidable anyway . 
  moreover , you would n't need to fight a conventional war . 
  simply arming every citizen in estonia with three rifles and ten grenade launchers would scare the shit out of anybody . 
  knowing how us and eu been practicing these kind of ordeals , it is very likely . 
  i fear russia is simply eu 's best buddy and understand dearly that if things continue to be peaceful and vain , eu will never unite . 
  thus , as a good friend , it simply wants to unite us so that we later can send our t ^ h anks !, 
  if you buy the gas then technically it is not russia 's property anymore , no ? 
  also , i think i 've heard of germans doing something like that to ukraine ... as for relations of germany and russia , the key insight to take away here is that if russia would want to turn off the gas to the whole europe , it would do that straightly . 
  but if it turns gas off ( or increases the price to stupendous levels ) only to eastern europe , chances are they do that because they do not want to lose the western europe markets . 
  so in this case germans exports to eastern europe would simply be a wise business strategy . 
  imagine it is not gas , but baguettes . 
  if baguettes are suddenly more expensive in poland , because of political motivated decision by france to increase export prices , chances are germany would either import baguettes from france or produce them domestically and then sell it in polish markets , because it is economically more rewarding . 
  eu is all about profits anyway ... 
   ( now russia can cut off gas to them without cutting off gas to the rest of western europe ) good point . 
  i would like to see that in action though . 
  educated guess - nordstream will be closed too , because if not , germany would simply resell russian gas on reserve to easter european countries through the other pipe , thus enabling arbitrage . 
  interestingly , they could get gas and reroute it on reverse to eastern europe simultaneously all because of the nordstream . 
  since russia ca n't project its power globally it has to resort to regional power projection , thus antagonising each and every neighbour, 
  right after you return ours , too . 
  it being on an entirely different continent and similar to uk are my main reasoning, 
  i am really impressed with robert walter , a british mp of council of europe who spearheaded this initiative into action . 
  although council of europe and the eu are separate things , i find it odd that uk dislikes eu , but participated so strongly on this action . 
  good job robert !, 
  the eu wants more integration and federalization as well , which would be impossible with canada on board, 
   \u2022 x1 referendum in 1975 on a common market ( under 56yo never voted  50 % of our 64m population ) if you apply this principle to all/any referendum that has ever been done in uk it quickly becomes quite ridicular ...  \u2022 huge costs of the eu 160-200bn and what do we get for that return on the money ? 
  trade profits from eu and fta countries ? 
  free labor force ? 
  more diplomatic leverage in the world ? 
  securities and financial assurances ? 
   what does confidence level of 4 % mean other than 4 % of the cases the result will be the same ? 
  no the confidence level is actually 95 % , with the chance of 4.5 % of it being random . 
  statistics is a science that lets you do an accurate measurement of society without the need to do huge sample sizes or numerous questioning . 
  the only times you would want to repeat the same questionnaire is either suspicion of bad implementation or suspicion that opinions might have changed because time has passed or something major happened recently . 
  if they do n't defend themselves they will be left with nothing, 
   that guy is full of shit . 
  shit is full of this guy . 
  that 's the thing . 
  he is not allowed to become president . 
  but nobody mentioned he ca n't be an emperor , which he duly deserves !, 
  ca n't really do anything when all your economy depends on strategic resources that come from foreign country that is not in eu . 
  firstly , we need to diversify energy sector and maybe find other means to produce heat instead of gas . 
   do n't know how it was in other countries but the german winter was very mild and warm and dry . 
  winter ? 
  what winter !, 
  unbrace yourselves there are no winters coming !, 
  keep in mind that i 'm not saying that russia is totally irrational . 
  throughout their entire history , however , russia has always been a center for isolationism , national pride , racism , homophobia and weird political ideologies that caused more harm than good in the end of the day . 
  most of the russian `` realism '' mostly stems into apathy , nihilism and cynicism . 
  it 's a culture that is nurtured in vodka and nationalism . 
  there is a reason why russian roulette is russian . 
  which is a very cynical and irrational game , btw ... 
  it was not very rational to hide and lie about the catastrophe of chernobyl instead of asking for international help to save lives and face . 
  it was not very rational to fuck up food supplies in ukraine and cause massive famine . 
  it was not very rational to deport , mass murder and oppress civilizations during soviet era and hundreds of years before that during tsar eras . 
  especially combined with strict isolationism that makes you look like a madman north korean doing irrational stuff . 
  it was not very rational to support cuba 's revolution with relocating nuclear missiles in cuba and causing worldwide crisis ... i could go on till the next day , but that would take a lot of remembering :d, 
  oh pls no , next thing we know he would refuse military support for lithuania because we tightened up high school exams in lithuania ;d, 
   there is no rational reason for russia to attempt to fight hello , canada , let me tell you one secret about russia . 
  they are not very rational !, 
  so many things they did were not very rational . 
  so many things they do now are not very rational . 
  so many things they will do in the future will not be very rational as well . 
  such is russia . 
  but ... but ... what about water ? 
  i have to somewhat disagree . 
  i work in it focused business and while english is very dominant here in terms of clarity and simplicity , it is only viable for self-learning and maybe sharing experience with friends . 
  if you are out there to represent your company , your it solutions , your ideas ... you have to use lithuanian language if you want to communicate anything meaningful and look professional . 
  some it terms sound pretty weird in lithuanian language , i give you that , but others are very beautiful and instantly gets you approval points if you use them , instead of anglicism . 
  now if you want to talk about programming terms ... that 's a different story . 
  i would even argue that it is nor english , nor any other kind of language . 
  yes . 
  reason : vodka, 
  then maybe you would like a free trip to siberia ?
