  but given enough time it is quite possible . 
  geopolitical situation of sweden is changing due to the fact that countries around baltic sea are turning blue and other developments connected to that are happening . 
  moreover , sweden 's policy is n't surprisingly different from eu . 
  edit : spellingsz, 
  you know , there sometimes are occasions when opposition wins and becomes position ... 
  i do n't suppose that happens because they won the annual lottery . 
  things change . 
  in other words : `` we do n't know ! '', 
  got ta have an answer to the unknown !, 
  so cms has to apply for visa each time they want to deliver it to atlas ? 
  also , is there a guillotine department somewhere in the middle ? 
  guiizzz , we need some serious eu power play over there !, 
  that 's because we are twice as fabulous !, 
  surprise , surprise ... 
  make sure to keep an eye on dem indian nukes as well . 
  these deals were agreed upon and acted upon with the fact that they are complimentary and in unison . 
  some things in these deals might not make sense or should not be agreed upon if free movement of people was not accepted in the first place . 
  this is not retaliatory , it 's simply practical . 
  you ca n't have standing deals that depend on a deal that you scrapped some time ago . 
  if you scrapped a deal out of a package of deals , then you probably scrapped all of them . 
  some things you might get back after renegotiation , but that is not a guarantee . 
  this is not how eu works , this is how world works . 
   the eu will send a signal to all who are not yet members , and to the members , that once you are in , there is no way out . 
  not to be that guy , but that 's not what switzerland is doing . 
  if they wanted to op out of eu deals , they could easily do so . 
  what they are doing is trying to `` erase '' obligations out of their current deal without agreeing with the eu and pretend that nothing happened . 
  the eu could be viewed as a bully , but switzerland on the other hand will be viewed as a cheat . 
  you do n't suddenly call your local business a bully , because he cancelled the contract with you , because you violated obligations intentionally , do you ? 
  punishing them harshly ? 
  man , they violated one part of the contract , one essential part of a deal . 
  in my book , the whole deal is bust . 
  that 's not eu punishment . 
  in fact , that 's not a punishment at all in my book . 
  they brought that onto themselves , sort of like standing in front of a tornado and blaming weather forecast team for punishing you and sending this tornado toward you ... 
  since this deal that was broken amounts to approx . 
  50 % of switzerland 's gdp , this is literally a tornado hitting your front lawn . 
  the `` company '' does not have a say in commission whether to cut economic deals with switzerland or not . 
  if the commission does that , the company might choose to continue its business relationship with switzerland , but it would mean that products are more expensive and less attractive in the market . 
  so yeah , trade will not go suddenly extinct , but it will become more expensive and less intensive . 
  which will make all domestic use products , like food , more expensive . 
  wages will decrease due to decrease in overall trade and thus you will pay more but receive less . 
  sad story indeed . 
  are n't they all independent ? 
  that 's what i learned in economic class : /, 
  you do n't need to say that every day , we already got the memo thousand times before this ... 
  100k euros aint astronomical . 
  you would pay same or more in vilnius, 
  sorry bros , but its gon na have to go through klaipeda after next elections, 
  you would find more luck in usa , especially if you sample near or around a plastic surgeons ' office . 
  oh yeah , no one agreed before that mass destruction is bad , see , this is clearly no one 's fault that nobody thought it through . 
  afterall we did n't know how badly it will explode and how many lives it will kill , cos we did n't test nukes a billion times over and over again ... 70 year embargo for cuba ? 
  no one 's fault too . 
  its those damn commies that brought this onto themselves . 
  cia overthrew a hundred governments abroad ? 
  no one 's fault !, 
  it was accepted to be normal !, 
  low wage employees protesting in streets and demanding minimum wage increase ? 
  pft , you ca n't expect to earn anything in low-skill jobs . 
  no one 's fault , they should get their education !, 
  yeah i see where it is going . 
  no one is to blame , this was * the only way * we could have dealt with the given circumstances . 
   it 's debatable , but it 's understandable sure its understandable and there is nothing wrong with that . 
  but you ca n't just put `` its debatable '' and `` if you ca n't see le difference then you 're fucking retarded '' in the same paragraph ... 
  but yeah i get it , no one 's fault you said it , i brought it on myself !, 
   alright , now you 're just being hyperbolic . 
  what were we supposed to do ? 
  yeah , keep taking notes everyone . 
  the next war we engage , lets not `` waste '' human lives and simply nuke the shit out of our enemies . 
  welcome to belarus !, 
  cause no trouble . 
  how awesome . 
  `` d\u0117kui '' in lithuanian means the same . 
  gogo buy serbian banks then !, 
  eu membership so easy . 
  there are coal pellets too , if you are wondering ... but coal smells bad and fucks up neighborhoods and cities . 
  it is extremely pollutant on top of that . 
  on the other hand , wood pellets can be manufactured from any scrap wood leftovers , which we have plenty of everywhere . 
  it practically do n't stink and is a lot more environmentally friendly . 
  these things have been getting some attention in lithuania at least . . 
  time to heat ourselves with wood pellets . 
   serbia is in no condition to be joining the eu , not until it makes a solid effort to deal with the corruption there . 
  i wonder why eu accepted baltic countries . 
  we regained our independence recently and were corrupt ... what changed ? 
  but coffee goes down nicely after pot !, 
   i 'll just sit over here eatin ' my burgers . 
  international trade plox , need some burgers too :(, 
  no worries , i 'm stocked on honey already . 
  will sell it once it becomes $ 1mil per gram . 
  i really hope ` polishness ' is not only about language ... 
  if you can be jew without speaking aramaic , then you can also be polish without speaking polish . 
  ca n't believe greek is the only distinct language in europe . 
  it being old and prestigous , really weird there are n't any spinoffs ... 
  that 's [ un ] classified . 
  it is n't a joke out of spite . 
  we understand our brothers latvians very dearly . 
  we are more alike than different after all . 
  bring potato , too, 
  he probably was , but it 's his choice where he wants to receive the medical care . 
  have more faith in humanity . 
  we can always wave guns together later .
