  we let them blow up and we get money for research , education and devellopment . 
  how about more crusades ? 
  here is the plan : let christians kill eachother with islamists and at the end of crusades more atheist will remain and we could start an era with science , blackjack and hookers . 
  but , but comunism is good , comunism is life , comunism is the gift of germany to russia and from russia to the rest of the world in order to bring prosperity and good life . 
  this is clearly western propaganda . 
  i 've read the article and belorusia has the same dance moves on same music and putin likes belorusia more :(, 
  but serbia + putin = love ; what happened here ? 
  all the bashing is expected since russia is home of many nazi groups and even putin 's politics are fascist-like yet russians claim that ukraineans ( and west in general ) are nazis . 
  the situation is similar to vatican holding next gay summit . 
  i know that it has no direct connection to europe but to recent events and posts where big powers try to impress with their nuclear arsenal i noticed many comments where redditors have a small understanding of the purpose of nuclear weapons so the image was a short representation of `` the game '' . 
  i totally respect your decision but also felt the need to explain the reason of the post . 
  if he loses all this shit his life won matter anymore , so why would others lives do ? 
  so other countries provoke russia by creating defenses while russia is doing no provocation by violating sovereignty of other states and making daily threats . 
   russia really hates scandinavia  why world is so russophobic ? 
  - v.putin, 
  so ... you are gipsy ? 
  honest question : do they use male teachers only ? 
  because using females in this cases would totally useless . 
  oh , the ignorance you are sharing the same logic as the groups you say are `` bad '' you see that ? 
   racism is n't real and hurtful and how some racist facebook groups hurt people if they are not advocate for violence ? 
  do words hurt ? 
  pictures too ? 
  you need to feel the urge to shoot some cartoonists or members of a facebook group ? 
  multiculturalims is also real and hurtful ( some may say ) , shall we ban facebok groups about that too ? 
  majority of people consider gay mariage hurtful but still , against majority we say is good . 
  i consider that capitalism is hurtful when we ban it ? 
  my dog considers the red cup hurtful , do we ban red cups or ignore it since my dog can not vote . 
  ideea is that you can not start cherry picking and start saying this is bad and that is good . 
  many groups along history tried that and later they were proved wrong later , actually they were proved to be assholes and slowed humanity 's progress . 
  but please , disregard as long as you like . 
  ps : do you know that some people consider hurtful when people believe that holocaust never happened , when you will stop hurting those people by claiming it really did happened ? 
  oh please , tell me that was n't the mindset at that time  i 'll just disregard everything you said you apparently disregard everything that is not your view so there is no change here, 
   nobody thought assassinating dissenters was a good thing hahaha !, 
   what this looks like to me is just some people complaining that they wo n't be able to be openly racist anymore , and i see that as a good thing . 
  how funny , how you actually sound :  what this looks like to me is just some people complaining that they wo n't be able to practice openly witchery anymore , and i see that as a good thing . 
  \\ - catholic church about scientists during dark ages question : what makes you right and them wrong ? 
  in a world ruled by `` them '' would you like your tolerant views being banned ? 
  just a note in case nr of refugees is incorect : it would need to be 17333 refugees to match the locals for sexual assaults or 102295 for fights, 
  i 'm not saying that today we have censorship as bad as what su had or what north korea has atm , actually it is light , in comparison . 
  but !, 
  we are paving the road to similar censorship . 
  worst part is : today 's methods are more refined . 
  - we will never see people killed on the streets because of an idea , but we can destroy a person 's public image in seconds . 
  - we will never send people in jail for reading a book but we ca shun and isolate people from society by calling them names or incriminating them in various immoral activities , even if one of those activities is protesting against the mainstream . 
  - and so on ; we do n't need to be that radical to achieve same effect just look and cold war era usa , slightly proof that someone had communist views was a political assassination . 
  same for past 50 years germany about antisemitic , racist , or xenophobe . 
  examples can continue . 
   but to compare taking down a fucking facebook group to putting people in jail for not being communist enough is stupid . 
  is still killing any idea which may be inconvenient to the system , do you trust the system that much ? 
  were you born in ex su or just another eastern communist country ? 
  i live in later one atm but was born in the first one and had the pleasure to visit both several ex su and ex eastern communist ( mostly because family is scattered across whole europe ) and i can tell you there is difference between those two , and that brainwashing was real and popular between average people . 
  personally i hate equally any extremist groups but i respect their right to express themselves ( inciting to violence is another thing ) . 
  and it wo n't be sent , no need of that here is the scenario that worked well in su ( and is still used in islamic states ) : - initially punish those who actually do extreme things - people will start to approve those actions - the mindset is set and becomes the new normal , maybe even a generation passes - expand to those who may be a political/ideological threat or simply disagree - nobody will say a thing since they know previous examples were justified - troublemakers simply disappear from society and everyone is happy just look at ex su states where they worship the leaders and do n't question them . 
  more : just look at iran where 300 assist at killing an innocent woman by a mob and they say that is normal and totally justified even if no proof was brought . 
  if you want more of this . 
  saudi arabia has a written law , in which if an accuse is brought and and there is no proof , the accuser must do the first strike for punishment ( that 's considered the proof actually ) . 
  and all this because at some point , sometime , people saw that as justified . 
  why so ? 
  when su put censorship initially they told it was actions against spreading unpatriotic ideeas . 
  and they were right , initially . 
  then the mindset was set and they did that they wanted because people believed it was for their best . 
  \\ - be , me \\ - born in eastern europe in a country member of soviet union \\ - su falls \\ - people talk about how were sent to prizon ( or sent to fix cernobil ) because listened to wrong radio chanel or had `` unpatriotic '' ideeas \\ - west pick these sories and shows how evil su was \\ - 26year later west send people to prison for having `` unpatriotic '' ideeas \\ - just waiting for radio bans, 
  did ever happened things like this end peacefully ? 
  i mean do homeless people leave their spot at first call ? 
   only refugees from a short list of countries can apply for asylum , all others are rejected ( and naturally sent back ) . 
  how and where they send these guys back since it was shown multiple times that many have no papers and do not know their country of origin ? 
  in this case law states that they can not be sent anywhere . 
  actually on global scale the percentage of atheists is rapidly decreasing because they tend to have fewer kids while total population increases ;, 
  why do people still use that shit `` paid by eu '' , once you are in eu is paid by you , eu is not a money making machine, 
   czechia this form is used by czech people ? 
  because in romanian we have `` republica ceha '' and `` cehia '' and both forms equally popular, 
  maybe they want to set us as an example of `` if you do n't want to do what we say to do you 'll end up like romania '' ; or maybe wants to remind us that they still hold the power mostly these two since they have nothing else to gain actually, 
   abide the larger countries on some bigger issues like immigration or austerity we did abide in austerity , and we responded faster and better than greeks , this is what prevented us taking their path , also we have no problem with taking refugees ; but eu constantly put limitations on romanians and bulgarians after joining eu for their free movement ( even if that was against eu laws ) , now same eu wants us to accept non eu immigrants ; well that was n't in any agreement we made . 
  putting pressure on border states is completly logical but constantly bashing them for doing their job of agreement in completly wrong ; also all this does not explain keepin romania and bulgary out of shengen . 
  i like you , blame yourself , is your fault also send me some money before i check your privelege, 
   romania and bulgaria have too porous borders you have strict borders you are literarly nazi , you have porous borders then gtfo ; which one does schengen pleases more ? 
  as said before : they have nothing to do with eachother ; this only hurts us ; it is meant to hurt us only, 
  they have nothing to do with eachother ; this only hurts us, 
  that 's totally irelevant , if you get over first obstacle you will get over tenth obstacle as well , and those refugees knew it ; on our case people should have not bash hungary for it 's wall and understand that law is law and it must be enforced no mater what ; instead we got a lot if whiny bithes calling hungary rasist and because of image they let refugees loose . 
  this is shame shit as megathreats , even worse, 
  you mean `` if we do n't like you here , we wo n't like you there either '' ? 
  you forgot the constant killing of civilians , torture , mass graves where bodies were washed with acid so un will not find them , constant quarel with iran , funding and supporting terrorists officially ; way better !, 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not a usa fan but claiming that before iraq was better is simply wrong ; it is as it was same shithole, 
   better yet , stop trying to label people - period . 
  then why you have a flag ? 
  you want to be labeled ? 
  same thing for the name, 
   order to create the iraq mess that directly lead to isis like before isis it was much better  ), 
   even those in the adult-entertainment industry especially those in the adult-entertainment industry ( ftfy ) you would be surprised how cheap bastards people can be, 
  just add something about oppression , it sounds good, 
   there are two types of countries : those who respect their asylum laws and those who try to rationalize their xenophobic prejudice . 
  are you serious ? 
  because today those who respect asylum laws are also called xenophobic, 
   if you see muslim migrants attacking christians in christian europe then fucking expel them and their families . 
  inb4 : `` but they will face certain death in their own country '' also `` usually for getting into a fight you would be fined not condemned to certain death '' i may say : fuck them all, 
  i forgot the / s, 
  this is highly islamophobe / s, 
  because of spaghetti monster !, 
  of course . 
  ok europe , here is the plan : send all refugees in romania we have proper infrastructure to support them ( many desolated villages ) , good food ( not spaghetti ( in your face italians ) ) , pure clean water directly from springs ( wells ) , food of their choice ( from the local farming land ( a lot of it is unused ) ) , good internet ( actually good ) , a lot of entertainment ( like working the farming land like 27 % of romania 's population , cooking for yourself , in the winter they will have to shovel ( by hand ) up to 5km of road to have car access ( i did 3 years each day of snow around 500m and got myself some nice arms muscles , no gym needed ) , constant quarrel from nearby gypsy community ( multiculturalism bitch ) ) , electricity ( we could be generous and give that for free ) , and those who behave nice will be given a nice apartment in the middle of city victoria ( guarantee ) ps : i dont expect them to survive more than 6 months,
