i ca n't see where the mods banned someone who did n't break one the subreddit 's rules the mod mail leak show only messages not the bans and their reason ( i suppose you only `` read '' them ) but you clearly see about 90 % of ban complains have no answer from the mods ; how does that looks like ? 
  finaly i will quote / u/raerth ( an / r/europe mod for those who do n't know ) from an official / r/europe post  automoderator shadowbans has got out of hand and  over 1000 regular subreddit bans which were overzealous ( we 're talking here about different types of bans ), 
  how about the time when mods did n't gave a shit of logic or rulles and banned people simply becayse mods did not liked them ? 
  such things inspire fear and people tend to use trowaways due to paranoia . 
  i recomend you too see the recent mod mail leak and see how people get banned and they did ' t answer them for the reason of the ban . 
  also visit / r/europemeta, 
  you missed the point there that was newsworthy because they claimed it was woman 's job to clean a room thei live in because that 's their culture if an european would say such things it would be eviscerated by a group of feminists, 
  unfortunetly these days more and people will post using throwaway accounts due to / r/europe policy, 
  but where is the fun ? 
   try that 's optimistic nowdays, 
  well , you happen to have the privilege of receiving shelter from your parents because you have the qualification of being their child ; that 's how whole society works in a bigger scale, 
  i not your neighbour , pal, 
   no way they can hide in a 40sq/m actually you can , i 've been loading and unloading such trucks for 3 years and know that you can hide things between cargo ( even huge things like a car ) , worst part is that if suspicion is raised that there are things hidden and type pf container does not allow scanning then all cargo must be unloaded which means 200euros as tax and up to 5h delay ( data from hungarian border with romania ) . 
  again : what stops germany enforcing new rulles ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not against refugees , i simply am against the way germany wants to `` solve '' this issue because clearly this is not a solution . 
  we do n't kill them for start ... how do gays feel in those islamic countries ? 
  they enforced quotas , what will stopthem to create a `` refugee salary '' bigger than countries minimum wage , ofcourse that could be hidden under a smaller cash payment and the rest as various free services like stamps for food , clothes , house etc. 
  what stops them claiming they lost their papers again ? 
  i arealy see a new business incoming : european smuglers taking syrians from europe and taking them back to syria iligally, 
   free education and free housing inside a big city do n't forget the house should be near a mall so after crossing whole europe you do n't want them to get tired while going to the mall, 
  what 's so stupid about what it says ? 
  is n't what media has been feeding us for the last couple of months ? 
  and btw that message has been aprooved by dcauzel himself, 
  he does n't need a / s tag , he went this way whole day , i assume he will use one after he 's done, 
  hold my beer while i take out 1mil, 
  point me the lies if you are accusing edit : or you are going to call me a liar and then run away like a bitch since fact overwhelm your sensitivity ? 
   doesnt seem like 10k refugees to me is not yet the end of the year   i think its not quite the way you paint it here , but w/e . 
  i dont want to argue this anymore . 
  youre just trying to yell at me anyway . 
  so you deny those said ? 
  all those things are false and all are real refugees who simply happen to flip off 5 check of border patrols because they want only in germany or sweeden ? 
  oh and there is not shouting here , just pointing the obvious . 
   in the way they see fit . 
  we will see , wont we ? 
  i doubt all < 10k of them will be spoiled , entitled assholes . 
  you will be amazed what conflicts can create in a man when expectations do not met reality . 
  plus we already have who cry when only hearing about romania just imagine what they would do when hearing that they will be stick here for 10years . 
   i assume you mean germany , right ? 
  germany and sweeden but germany mostlu because it has a bigger voice atm . 
  do you realize that we , easterners , do n't have a problem with refugees , i mean i 'm sure romania could handle 10.000 syrian refugees with own funds , even more with eu funds , and we would gladly do that to ease the burden of countries like greece or improve relations with turkey . 
  our main problem is that we would not receive refugees but some entitled migrants chasing `` european dream '' . 
  and this is because some fuckers ( guess who ) promised them no limit for acceptance , free housing , instant citizenship and nice fat welfare for rest of their life ; and now those fuckers decided to bail out of their promise and impose acceptance quotas to his neighbors `` or else '' . 
  how do you believe romania will handle so many migrants while they complain in sweden about walking 30mins to food court . 
  how will those migrants react in romania when they realize that there is no `` european dream '' here , or that we can not give them ~ 1000euros/month as `` refugee salary '' , or that housing is not free or even if is free is only temporary , and that to receive a citizenship they will have to follow a painful process of birocracy which is a lot harder than flipping off some border patrols ? 
  worst part is that those fuckers who worsened this situation do not admit their mistakes and come to a reason with rest of the members but they threaten anyone who do not support them while calling even more migrants . 
  burn ? 
  op is actualy smart , you 're limited since you do n't understand his pov , you should enlighten yourself , some multiculturalism would help that, 
  nice start but at 5 . it becomes funny , nice attempt for a troll , i 'll give you an 8/10 edit : you have my upvote tho, 
  well , if it becomes too much if a hassle i do n't see the problem ; is not like we , as human species did n't eradicated entire groups before, 
  they clearly did n't do a good job since those guys were so eager to put their hand on guns again do n't forget `` no man = no problem '' , maybe they should have killed a few more locals i know it sounds really auful but sometimes , in some contexts , i really belive that if violence does n't solve things then it is not used enough violence . 
  never seen things that way . 
  so you 're saying is that they are doomed to a life of violence and terror unles they are all treaded like in a open space prizons with solidiers instead of guards ? 
  should we let them roam free and bring terror and fear where they please ? 
  i do n't see any solutions till now and merkel asking for some nukes has low chances . 
   americans and brits are not going to try to stop islamic wars for a long time i hope . 
  but they ( islam country ) are totally inefficient about this , they do few killing and displace a big population , destroy infrastrucutre , etc. 
  and do not come to an end ; i see a hars world military intervention and after a world politial overseering far more efficient than all this schemes and plots , plus there wo n't be terror attacks , less civilian victims and we could focus on imortant things like science not `` protection '' and survailance . 
  with what it has best : weapons ; and send europeans to syria and kill any native willing to hold a gun against ; no figthers = peace = no more refugees, 
  did you really belived that they will bring better mods ? 
  afcourse not , they brought even more fuckwits, 
  but is a proof that we can not guarantee their security so in order to keep them safe we could keep them out, 
  how many years and rapes rotherham needed before things started to be exposed and punished ? 
  why those horrible crimes were hidden ? 
  how many will ever remain unpunished ? 
  and all because some were afraid that they will be labeled as `` racist '' ; this is what propaganda does to people . 
  most of us do n't even think about turks as muslims , ffs you drink , fuck hookers and wach porn , and admit doing these and mostly do n't give a crap about religion ; meanwhile rest do the same things but would be ready to kill before admiting they done any of mentioned things because if fear , all their actions are driven by fear and they belive they could rulle the world trough fear , and this is the things we can not accept . 
  they actually get rescued till they run back and buy another boat, 
   why is n't moldova 's surname written in latin ? 
  is written in latin `` ceban '' but seems they fucked up thing because of pronunciation or because of derivations ( eg : popa -  popescu , ceban -  ciobanu ), 
  i watched that , i 'm still amazed that they rebuilt so fast after `` independence day '' documentary . 
  when you 're young and nobody has to rely on you , you can have some money put away and a lifestyle which allows you to leave at any time ( no house , no loans , no attachments , few things which you could pack easily ) but also as drawback you have huge expenses ( rent , parties ) . 
  at this stage there are few things that could keep a romanian where it is : family ( we care about family more that westerners ) , comfort ( some are afraid or lazy ) , too poor to afford a ticket , fear ( fear of unknown or that he may fail ) , or simply he has the opportunity to change his life here in the next years . 
  in this category are those who are most likely to leave . 
  after this initial stage there is another stage , here are those who have many friends , a stable relationship or even married ; with others words these are stopped by attachments ; beside attachments you may add the reasons from previous stage and see what makes these guys stay here . 
  these guys are less likely to leave . 
  after this two stages are those married and/or have already a child , maybe even a house . 
  these guys have lower taxes but also bigger expenses but they are distributed to two , also they have easier access to loans so they feel like things are going well . 
  chances that these guys will ever leave drop significantly . 
  the rest : most of them do n't even think about leaving since most of them have a medieval instinct which keeps them connected to the land . 
  sorry for bad english , these beers do n't do well to my communication skills, 
   this is extremely dangerous . 
  bullets arch and when they come back down they are still going fast enough to kill someone . 
  they do not , air friction slows them down enough in order to not be deadly , but they could cause a bruise, 
  the life is not bad for me but you should consider few things in order to have a complete image about how life in romania is : i have an acceptable life ( not a good one but can not complain ) but i also have a 2.1 xaverage wage , and my salary is still 50 % of a german average wage ( or 25 % if we compare directly ) , meanwhile my dayly goods are only about 30 % cheaper while my vacation costs as much as yours and my car cost the same as much as yours ( sometimes even 5-7 % more ( thanks renault for selling dacia cheaper in germany than in romania ) ) ; actually buyng a new car is a bad business in romania because of bad road infrastructure ( that 's why we buy sh cars from germany ) , education is mostly a joke while medical system sometimes will hurt you willingly ( no joke here ) , houses are ~ 50 % the cost of german ones while rent is actually better ( 30 % ) , most of the taxes ( house , car , car insurance , etc ) are lower ( compared with average wage ) but our work/labor taxes are comparable with greece 's ( that 's why we show no compassion to greeks when they complain about their taxes ) . 
  but after all this women make things slightly better . 
  btw : if you ever hear someone saying that things here are not that bad compared to west and say shit like power of buying and that prices are smaller here and so on , then please beat that fool until he starts thinking ( you 'll do him a favor ) . 
  source : almost all my friends immigrated in western europe and for about a year i 'm also thinking to do this , i got several targets , germany in one of them and i 'm getting really informed about things i will face . 
  ps : if life is acceptable for me with 2xaverage wage guess how average joe ( ion here ) feels, 
  but first , we must remove the bear, 
  we had multiculturalims before it was cool, 
  i cry every morning when i realize i 'm still in romania , things get worse when i have to pay taxes ... 
   generous welcome i may add : it was fucking self interest not generosity do people think we forgot the restrictions on bulgarian and romanian workers ? 
  or that the brits see eastern europe as a modern shared colony ? 
  or that we implement regional energy independence to stop russia 's influence ( and westerners will not shit their pants ) ? 
  or that germany willingly has a shortage of medical students so it could pick already trained people from eastern europe ; i could continue this for a while . 
  removed in 3,2,1 ... reason : low quality content and xenophobic propaganda, 
  serbia connects directly to hungary so ... focus on hungary bugaria connects with serbia and romania , romania connects with hungary so hungary is a must transit country in their path , any other route is longer ( also romania an bulgaria has gypsies which are not safe for locals not speaking about some foreigners ), 
   i saw a video on yt of polish student who survived one month for less , but it was a survival video . 
  did he put to shame bear grylls ? 
  tehnicaly not , ukraine is declared as a safe country,
