  russia will send it 's tourists to protect you . 
  pros : cheap ; cons : civilians migh die , you have to support a pacification army for a while , more russians will establish in your country , democracy is optional . 
  - take a barrel of oil and say you 'll share it with who helps you . 
  usa free the shit out if you and your neighbors . 
  pros : freedom is almost guarantee ; cons : you 'll need to have an army already , more americans will establish in your country , democracy is mandatory . 
  - ask for help from big powers . 
  everybody will send weapons and solidiers but those who die are mostly your own population . 
  pros : 1 % chance of things turn good ; cons : 99 % chance to turn into a fucked-up wasteland . 
  you 're the one who suggested schizophrenia . 
   gdp per capita is on level of moldova . 
  index of economic development , material security and of social protection of the population is higher than in moldova says russia . 
  also is easy to have a good index of economic development when russia is paying the welfare and moldova is paying the gas bill . 
   so why in 2009 he thanked russian peacekeepers and noted the stabilizing role of the present peacekeeping operation ? 
  does he has schizophrenia ? 
  i 'm no doctor but i could say yes , voronin may have schizophrenia ( actually his political allies sugested that ) . 
  actually voronin is well known for it 's extreme pro-russian view ( rulled moldova for 8 years succesfully distroying all external relations except with russia ) and he would have signed everything putin gave him . 
  the story is like this : conflict is started by locals backed up by russia ( but i do not blame because of social unrest of that time ) - 1992 russia offers to keep troops for peacekeeping ( wich i do not blame in context of those events ) - 1994 mld and ru agrees to withdraw troops in 1997 because at that time things settled down , and transistrean people had political representatives ( russia ignores the agreement ) - 1999 another agreement for troops withdrawal in 2002 mostly because transnistria has no proper infrastructure , education hits the floor , poverty and crime trives and there is need of a proper goverment ; ( russia again ignores the agreement ) - 2009 right before finishing the mandate voronin ( official ass-kisser ) thanks putin for keeping peace while 90 % of transnistria became a hell-hole ( after two agreements are ignored by russia ) . 
  i 'm sorry to tell you that this is not intended as circlejerjking . 
  meanwhile putin : a russian bullet which was on vacation in ukraine was provoked by a ukrainean solidier . 
   that army was supposed to leave by 2002 -------------  meeting in moscow on march 18 , 2009 ---------------------  on 21 october 1994 , russia and moldova signed an agreement that committed russia to the withdrawal of the troops in three years from the date of entry into force of the agreement ; [ 86 ] this did not come into effect , however , because the russian duma did not ratify it . 
  [ 10 ] the treaty on conventional armed forces in europe ( cfe ) included a paragraph about the removal of russian troops from moldova 's territory and was introduced into the text of the osce summit declaration of istanbul ( 1999 ) in which russia had committed itself to pulling out its troops from transnistria by the end of 2002 . 
  [ 87 ] however , even after 2002 , the russian parliament did not ratify the istanbul accords . 
  [ wikipedia ] how many official agreements signed by the president of moldova need to be so putin can simply ignore ? 
  because / r/europe is full of sjws and because it has nothing to do with europe . 
  i 'm amazed than mods did ' t removed the post yet . 
  since russian side admited several times of `` not checking sources '' now became a habbit of poiting fingers , is sad that this way serious things might slip away . 
  youtube link : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jn0hnrw_0w even if it looks very real i find it suspicious that they deleted the burning part ( would like to see if guy/dummy would twitch while burning ( for autencity purpose ) ) , also previous claims of crucified kids and canibalism do not help . 
   i will buy this game [ german accent ] stop wasting money , pay the dept. 
  as brits would say : fuck yeah, 
  suprisingly greece , spain and itally has low suicide rates compared with other more weatlier countries , i was expecting otherwise since they were hit harder by crisis . 
  do n't even try , he 's a troll or karma-whore at least . 
  you may call the comunism police to fix that, 
  they exist because there is demand , close money-laundering hubs such as the netherlands , luxembourg and switzerland and they wil move to china , india or russia . 
  hipster america , doing things before they were cool, 
  inb4 : why so much bashing agains russia and su , america did it before in wild west, 
  do n't feed the trolls, 
  fixed that , sorry, 
  hungary , this way we all will claim we got our clay back, 
  now is the time to get out in the streets, 
  where are human rights and anti-discrimination associations now ? 
  does this really deserves to be on / r/europe ? 
  we all like to make fun of russia but this is not constructive at all . 
  how have you dared to point something bad about ua ? 
  ^ ^ ^ take ^ ^ ^ my ^ ^ ^ upvote, 
  http://douapuncte.ro/ alias http://roddit.ro/ which is a reddit clone, 
  inb4 : clearly an agression to russia , poland is using this as wizards training camps to fight against russia 's orthodox priests . 
  they shoud make a gulag for memes, 
  first of all amnesty international wes publicly acused multiple times of spreading misleading or incomplete information and it did ' t defend of failed defending itself ( google will give you more ) . 
  secondly was the case eviction of rroma people in cluj , romaina ; a case i 'm aware and amnesty international failed to report the both sides view equally and also reported a small time frame of the events . 
  why was the post removed ? 
   bulgaria poorest country nice way to start , i belived moldova is poorest the problem is that west belives that bulgaria has a obligation to accept and accomodate immigratns while it has big issues with own citizens . 
  also what the reporter is not saying is that crossing the border ilegally is a crime and bulgaria has all the rights to send them back , the only way that bulgaria must accept the immigrants is by following the legal procedure ( contact the ambasy and ask asylum ) . 
  agreed with than , some people may find the video insulting, 
  1.55 euros in iasi and about same in bacau , from my understanding these prices are `` regulated '' by local councils . 
   they do a great job on spotting abuses over human rights but sometimes they deliver only the view of only one side or do n't expese the sides view equally ( or simply their report stops at certain dates and the devellopment of events is not presented anymore ) . 
  by this some of their reports make them incomplete ( at least aboout subjects i 'm well aware ) , and because i easily generalize i suppose this happens on subjects i 'm not aware this lowering their credibility . 
      do n't get me wrong , i do n't claim that what they say is fake ( still consider them as trustworthy ) but simply i have higher expectation from them mostly because they recomend themselves as elite human rights fighters . 
  they do a great job on spotting abuses over human rights but sometimes they deliver only the view of only one side or do n't expese the sides view equally ( or simply their report stops at certain dates and the devellopment of events is not presented anymore ) . 
  by this some of their reports make them incomplete ( at least aboout subjects i 'm well aware ) , and because i easily generalize i suppose this happens on subjects i 'm not aware this lowering their credibility . 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't claim that what they say is fake ( still consider them as trustworthy ) but simply i have higher expectation from them mostly because they recomend themselves as elite human rights fighters . 
  sorry to tell but i have my reserves concerning amnesty international, 
  more of those who did ' t joined stilll support isis from france , so ( sadly ) precentage of `` assholes '' is bigger, 
  in eastern europe many refuze to eat horse meat or shrimp ( because on culture ) , so eating a dog is extremely unusual ( even in times of famine this wo n't happen ), 
  seriously ? 
  i 'm totally with that but he is not my neighbor :(, 
   the 500 million will not be paid any time soon before anybody reacts to this , this will be a multi-year plan same thing was said about current dept, 
  it looks like a kid who found his dad 's gun and tries to act like a `` real man '', 
  is that even safe to do ? 
  note to self : next thing in the morning - go to lidl and buy bananas, 
  baikal has more volume than the great lakes but its surface is smaller , also great lakes are shown on political map because of shared borders while baikal us all in russia . 
  why the downvotes ? 
  do n't get it, 
   even if we declare 0 yearly income seems that too many declare 0 yearly income, 
  jokes : - french bake some good baguettes , germans engeneers stiil work at baguette 's recepy . 
  - french tanks have a rear mirror . 
  - french find jokes funny , germans do n't get the jokes . 
  so ukraine went full russia . 
  they plan to do now what russia used to do in ex-soveit countries : remove local population and add russian faitful population to that region . 
  good job ua !, 
  and i , as a former high-school student , come out in support of stopping such useless news . 
  onestly in international plan between a former general and an ordinary redneck there is no difference . 
  not necesarly , but an admin should fix the title since op clearly changed the title in order to rise sympathy and get upvotes, 
  misleading title , it should be : '' ** parents of children who who in their turn became underaged parents will no longer receive government financial assistance . ** '' . 
  this kind of titles make me sick , always trying to victimize rroma . 
   `` the russians do n't have a tradition of april fools ... '' they do have april fools everyday , just read sputnik or russian officials reclarations , they are hylarious . 
  is it me or there is really a propaganda here , i mean , to many russian related news which add nothing new ? 
  many news 's objective seems to be raising the russian threat awareness . 
  ukraine not real state confirmed, 
  then putin is a sith or jedi ? 
  good guy ivan, 
  they had a brief democracy but in eastern europe ( and mostly in russia ) there is a strong culture toward monarchy ( or at least all power to be in hand of one person ) among common people , and people still think that the president is a all powerful man who should rule them all ( this is mostly visible in belorusia and russia ) in rest of eastern countries about 50 % think the same . 
  eg at recent romanian elections some of my friends ( which have a proper education ( even masters degree ) ) had no ideea what was the power of president . 
  in conclusion in such countries is relatively easy to do whatever the ruler wants due to common people support , so , democracy is just a term without meaning and next crazy ruler might appear any time . 
  the question could be : should be trust russia for next 50 years ? 
  the answer is `` no '' because it has proved that general population is not ready yet for democracy and next crazy leader may rise any time , also current political class which will keep the power for at least 30 years is really weak and are unable to lead and protect the masses . 
  really curious shat will be reaction on / r/russia and / r/ukrainianconflict for this, 
  in order to avoid pointless discutions next time please use a correct title . 
  i could see thing the other way . 
  some of those who come in europe are really harcore since they want to lead and organize islamists in europe and provide support and recrutes for those is middle east . 
  just had another great ideea : we could make the entire war as sport competition with bets , television and , of course , registration taxes ( in case other religions want to compete ) .
