  i 'm op from the screen and things were fixed with the mods after a complain . 
  thx , you 're great and please send the following message to the rest of the mods : if a post has a sensible topic , first ask for source ( and take action accordingly ) and then remove comments if a bashing starts , we see when posts are removed ( this is not first time when i noticed this ) and that only lowers the credibility of sub , and of course soon will start to appear a `` us vs them thing '' ( as someone mentioned ) . 
  also this delist-relist is not a great solution since it pushed posts down and still may be seen and used as abuse . 
  for fucks sake someone donated gold for this post , means some have some strong feeling about this kind of mistakes . 
  because it is basically spam and nonconstructive for community . 
  original posts have been relisted so i suppose is allowed to post `` random local news '' ( as long as they actually may be of interest of redditors from other countires ) . 
  i know , i asked them to remove it . 
  the fact that we had more similar situations lately makes the `` us vs them thingy '' pretty real ; but you 're right , it is too melodramatic , it needs more explosions and sex for my tastes , 
  there were actually 3 posts , first noticed in the morning with some comments but did n't had time to take a look over it , second one i noticed later and actually commented about the fist one which was removed , someone commented also that even the second one was remove later , and then decided to rerepost . 
  and you 're right , should have contacted the mods but didn ; t know the procedure and did n't wanted my message to end up buried in someone 's inbox . 
  sorry for pitchfork but did n't knew who to contact , fortunately skyratchet made things clear . 
  i see ... as other users mentioned i should have sent it to mods but did ' t knew the whole / r/subreddit thing and did ' t wanted to waste time sending 10 messages and creating spam to someone . 
  also this seems to got the attention of mods so it served it 's purpose  . 
  also in order to keep thing clear in sub you may remove this post ( i promise that i wo n't complain about it ) . 
  funny how same post was earlier and now is missing , 
  i vote for canada , those sneaky , polite bastards with their good jobs and free healthcare surely are up to something ; and for the moment they fooled most of / r/europe but i can see them and their plans . 
  edit : also ukraine , polland and estonia for constantly bulling russia . 
  he should be extradited , he committed a crime and should pay for it and the exile punishment is bullshit , all criminals would like to be `` exiled '' in a nice civilized place . 
  `` other substances '' like in those rat and insect poison sold to kids because are legal or we 're talking about some other things ? 
  well , if someone can leave all behind and cross the mediterranean in a sinking boat then leaving greece should be like a walk in the park . 
  we all know that [ who ] ( https://www.google.ro/search?q=badass+putin&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ei=7njxvz6fjaeqywousicgaq&amp;ved=0cacq_auoaq&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=943 ) wins this game . 
  good analysis but soon those who do not agree will come because `` greece is innocent and evil westerners gave it money '' . 
  you 're implying that either romania has no net neutrality or net neutrality limits the possibility to improve internet connection for everybody . 
  totallly agree , i plan to emigrate and i would ajust to that country 's way of life . 
  but there are some who did not emigrate but still are a minority due to historical reasons , they should at least receive the right to chose between keeping own culture or adopting the majoritie 's culture . 
  funny how same thing goes for your neighbors but they have a different atitude about hungarian minority, 
   to expand on this . 
  many providers claim that only with net neutrality it is possible to improve internet connection for everybody ( looking at romania this is clearly not true ) . 
  what ? 
  how ? 
  do n't forget to say hello when you 'll be driving with your tank in berlin . 
  an isolated case is not a general current, 
  those are just argricultural machines , nothing to see , move along . 
  because jews , man , do n't you know ? 
  without the cold coffee life to greeks is pointless, 
  the giraffe had a proper reson tho, 
  maybe sweeden really has a lot of people saying they are `` very happy '' but in the same it has a lot of people qho say `` funk this shit , i 'm out '' where greece has only the middle ground . 
  in interesting when you overlap with [ suicide rate map ] ( http://www.nature.com/polopoly_fs/7.17396.1400500731!/image/map.jpg_gen/derivatives/landscape_630/map.jpg ) ( ca n't find the reddit post ) . 
  i still do n't understand why un does nothing about this . 
  i know there are few objective russian users but those are ~ 5 ( including orthodox-something who is a extremist-nationalist but mostly can keep decency ) the rest are rude , extremist , but-hurt russians who do not get basic jokes and their only way of comunicating is insulting , provoking or trolling people , worst part that rest of common russians support those extremists or simply let them behave . 
  this is highly uncommon for me since we ( romanians ) have a long conflict with hungarians but when a romanian is rude we nicely apologies and attack our own member for sake of decency . 
  there is no need to insult or hurt people 's feelings and assisting to such things without intervening makes you guilty , and in the end russians still victimize themselves . 
  [ junkler just turned orbat into his little bitch ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhrzxsolmga ), 
  plus we mostly have desktops and fast internet so we do not feel frustrated each time we load an image ( unlike germans ) thus making us more active, 
  oh , and then russians complain about russia circlejerk on / r/europe, 
  better : `` ukraine ? 
  that 's just old russian land , we own that place . '', 
  that 's not fair , i want to buy an island too, 
  considering common practices in russia the grenade `` solution '' is a good one . 
  completly agree with you but some folks simply take bad desicions after bad desicions ( not talking about unfortunate events ) , so ofcourse my `` personal experience '' will be different but why should i suffer for others choices ? 
  i think he is attacked more for affirmation `` we hungarians endured too much of bucharest 's theft to put up with any more '' because he clearly feels being superior for being hungarian . 
  also hungarians in romania are really well represented and they have equal rights as romanians ( including some facilities ) so clearly hungarians do not `` endure too much of bucharest 's theft '' . 
  nobody recognized it 's independence, 
  i 'm the only one who think that the height are highly exagerated ? 
   a lot can change with a change of regime . 
  actually that is a problem because in russia regime pushes people not the other way around thus making in very imprevisible . 
  in eastern europe the corruption and crime is so high that any terrorist act would be an insult to local criminals , therefore no anti-tero agencies are required since we have a perfect balanced ecosistem . 
  actually i may ask same question without sarcasm . 
  just trow a nato flag in georgia and imediatly we 'll see russians claiming that all georgians are a bunch of nazi-gay-pedofile-jews . 
  well , statistics says that 80 % ( i might have wrong info ) of russians agree with putin , reddit keeps that percentage, 
  inb4 putin : they were spies in vacation/retired, 
  his point is that russia has shitty spies, 
  equivalent example : a women is being raped , a savior comes in and saves her too in order to prevent the original rapist . 
  nice logic . 
  romanian here who liked merkel 's page and i have a partially explanation for this ; many romanians are scatered across all europe so is likely to like a popular politician 's page ; also there are many fake account ( not only romanian ) who are controlled by bots and these like randomly popular things to look legit . 
  sometime airports do n't have enough space for all planes so they have to fly in circles and stay on the ground as less as possible . 
  i can confirm that , current i run youtube and torrent and pictures loaded instantaneously , but i get his point , big pictures and small bandwidth or mobile devices could have troubles . 
   7/16 +5 / 12 that 's a question for mcdonald 's application ? 
  again this ? 
  how about europe opens borders to migrants and those countries open borders to european investors ? 
  i know but i heard is not the same or often . 
  will have to wait and see . 
  i chose 18 assuming that my wife will have 2 kids , also can not cheat on her so porn woud be a good companion for a while ontopic : low taxes/welfare and cheap/free & good education would convince me on having more kids, 
  what i 'm suposed to do 18 months ? 
  brussels is headquarters of headquarters, 
  waiting for witch hunt open season in russia . 
  he is using the a dedicated server to browse bet that even his fridge has 2gb ram, 
  second picture has written `` 2 may 2015 '' ( not last night ) , third picture does ' t have connections with first two , also the lack of swasticas on walls ( joke ) makes me doupt of op 's claims ; stlil the pictures are real so events like that really happens but op likes to get attention . 
   - and the winner has 140 % of votes  - sir , there must be a mistake  - russia has no mistakes ( falcon punch ), 
  is a nice fantasy for adults , plus it has a huge universe like lotr or star trek , so the obsession is expected, 
   they should n't honour that history is their choice to do whatever they want and people should have the freedom to chose . 
  good and bad are relative and history is written ( imposed ) by winners , how about we change that so a group wo n't feel forced not to honor that hystory . 
  exactly , google seems to prioritize the dots differently on diferent zoom levels . 
  also huge concentrations are represented as one dot . 
  actually this has been enforced in many countries under different forms and different limits ( but not that low ) and it had really good results in stopping tax dodging mostly because customers will use credit cards more often . 
  as example i could give the case of itally where few years ago in some locations shops would ask customers to pay cash even if they had credit card read machines , now things changed drastically . 
  exactly this should be like a turing test for non-natives , an outsider observes the behavior of several subjects ( native and non-native ) and has to find the non-native , if he is not sure or guesses then the subject is integrated . 
  he deleted everything and left , sadly he never understood that first comment was simply a joke :( ( germans must have competition for title of `` unfunny people '' ), 
   so romanians are abandoning their country in droves because ... they like to travel . 
  no , as i said , they abandon because they can , russians would do the same if they could . 
  and social progress index has nothing to do with empty areas it simply has many dimensions connected to people including those 80 % . 
   btw , speaking of nicaragua , that 's about the level where romanian students test at pisa evaluations . 
  sorry , we could n't get 140 % on our test scores . 
  :( now you may stop , this discution turn into `` who 's the shiniest of two ~ ~ turds ~ ~ second world countries '' ^ ( ( ^ americans ^ are ^ laughing ) ) . 
  answer : because they can ; romanian passport power rank is 17 ( like monaco and brasil ) while russian passport power rank is only 35 ( alongside with guatemala and montenegro ) , the fact that romanian 's passport power rank is so high proves that romanians are welcomed in other countries ( unlike russians ) . 
  also romania 's social progress index is higher than russia 's so romania is actually `` nirvana '' for most russsians . 
  still better than russia , 
  people do not need more leaders while there is already one glorious leader . 
  also opposition sound so `` bad '' as in opposed to russia and russian people , better without them . 
  ( brotips ) how to succesfully claim land and defend it : - take a russian as minority , declare independence and say the neigbors plan to opress the russian and your independence is only way of defending the russian .
