  there are already too many ifs , and my initial statement is that they wil do anything possible to avoid a ferguson case , thus no arrests, 
  they would get destroyed in 5 mins since those customs and rulles are against their `` culture '', 
  here is the deal : if any of those people will be prosecuted for hate speech or inciting to violence i will admit that i know jack shit and give you a beer next time when i 'm in germany , else you own me a beer and you will admit you know jack shit and will start to inform yourself ; is that a deal ? 
  as i said , europeans are very afraid to have something like a ferguson here , expecially politicians since the political game here is way stronger than in us , also politicians are poorer than those in us so making such a conflict will result in many heads rolling, 
  ofcourse not with violence , you would need a lot of violence to change things , the only viable solution so to make masses aware that this kind of things happen and rise at least 20 % to be strongly against ( to be deady to protest ) against this kind of behavior ; ofcourse this is hard to acheve since media will not give a hand :(, 
  did you arrest all those who damaged public and private property in ferguson and baltimore ? 
  you did not ? 
  why ? 
  for the answer read my comment again . 
  baltimore, 
   so you are saying is they outside the law we all follow ? 
  atm they kind of are out of the law . 
  here how it works : if an individual brakes the law he is punished for that , if most of individuals brake the law then the law is changed , in between is when a group brakes the law , then the law is ignored . 
  here is a strong and worrying example https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=7&amp;v=kvwaikoatwm ( start from min 22 ) tldw : car chase between two cars in bremen with fire exchange between them yet nobody was punished ; you try doing this and see what happens . 
   that is racist and totally out of order and it will not be tolerated not be tolerated by who ? 
  you ? 
  what you 're going to do against ~ 10 % of population who strongly support this ? 
  arrest ? 
  are you crazy ? 
  french police will be labeled as nazis the second they do that , they wo n't risk to damage their image in front if muslims , and about non-muslims nobody gives a crap, 
  sorry about that , missed it, 
   never seen anything even close to war yes i did , i 've seen your mom , she was like a b52 bomber, 
  credits to / u/gogusclipic for original content, 
  now i realized i would have no chance in denmark :(, 
  i 'm an immigrant ( for real ) but not from current wave and not the kind people would expect , what you want to know ? 
  btw post text is deleted, 
   refugee salary ( 1100 $ ) how do i apply to that ? 
  i mean i stayed in school for 15years +4 years work experience and i stil do n't have that salary ... 
  i should have become a refugee not an web developer, 
  such shit argument, 
  you wish for mods to be like dclauzel ? 
  if you 're at it do you like n. korea and isis too ? 
  i have no issue with his duo-lingo thing even if sometimes it can be annoying ( breakes the flow of reading ) . 
  but , dclauzel proven to have no moral standards , actually no standards at all , he broke the rulles many times while being a mod , he delisted , deleted and banned based on no rulles except that he did n't liked the users or their oppinions , he has double standards when it comes to applying the rulles ... 
  i could continue for a while . 
  ( btw there are direct proofs for all what i said , and even mods admited it ) i admit that some things he does are good but that is not because he is a good mod , that 's because he is active and sometimes he does good things by chance not willingly ( even a broken clock shows the right time twice a day ) . 
  removed ? 
  do n't sumon dclauzel, 
   the front page is full of the same links `` exposing the truth '' . 
  my ass , this is political raiding . 
  after 2months of censorship ( and it still continues ) from our french mod ofcourse people will start with `` exposing the truth '' links, 
  if you 're at it you could say the bad things too , you 'll have a big list ... 
  i 'm from romania , my list can be preety big :(, 
  si it wants to take whole syria ? 
  the difference is that we do not approve with actions of that operator and that operator was punished for her actions , meawhile if a migrant commits a crime or is ungrateful you try and blame everybody else except the migrant . 
  snow elves became later falmer and are not same thing ; but i believe he talks about forsworn and yes , snow elves and dwemers should have the skyrim but since first have just few members and second are completly gone next rightefull owners should be nords ( by majority ) elves and orcs . 
  i would give serbia 10m around all eu borders , they would solve the immigration problem within days, 
  because i really see someone who 's main occupation is to protest and distroy public and private property of those who welcomed them in their country having a 8h job, 
  for those who still defend the mod ( s ) take a look here : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3jzudv/lesbos_on_verge_of_explosion_as_refugees_crowd/cutmora those videos have been removed and posters were banned for posting them before , they were allowed as a comment ( not a post ) only when shit hit the fan . 
  this is how censorship works . 
  many good quality posts are delisted and only shit posts remain trough so people could complain about them . 
  the whole shitposting is mods fault since they allow it while silecing good posts . 
  btw : if you see bigotry and hate please report the comments not the post . 
  ps : ban me for this comment , i 've been banned before for same reason . 
  as someone else pointed out : border patrol needs more men , you could start from there, 
  so , only the fools will go back and rebuild and after 5 decades those who chose to stay in eu will go and `` reclaim '' their properties . 
  i 've seen this before somewhere ... 
  nice to see data half displayed : main issue it display number of refugees granted with asylum eu vs brasil while it does n't mention refugees without asylum eu vs brasil ; to get things furthered they could analize how many of those are refugees and how many are immigrants . 
  journalism my ass . 
  totally agree in addtion to initial argument : africa 's population increases somewere around 25mil/year , now add the issues pointed by you and you 'll see that that 1 % may actually be a reality soon or even worse, 
  because africa and middle east will have war for a while , and . 
  as proven . 
  taking refugees only will fuel the war in it 's initial state . 
  do that each year and in 50 years locals are outnumbered ; math is a bitch ; realistically speaking even a 5 % population infusion could alter heavily the `` ecosystem '' . 
  you want to help migrants not refugees ? 
  well i plan to emmigrate for a while , would you help me ? 
  where are you from ? 
  i bet that you even payed for those conditions too , fool, 
   united europe is a dream much like communism was and democracy still is then fuck off and make your own union with blackjack , hookers and islamists, 
  i 'm an immigrant myself and i 'm not worried about immigrants stealing my job , the only issue is that i would lose my shit if someone would tell me that my dog insults his religion , or that my wife 's clothes are not `` apropriate '' for his belifs , or my daughter should not use plus sign because he has some mental issues , or to be woken up by kids screaming `` allahu akbar '' , or to tell me i can not eat bacon . 
  true words , your message should be heard by more people for ages our ancestors killed to protect their land and now some want to give it up to someone who ca n't keep their shit together, 
   how often are you on reddit in an average week ? 
  daily and hourly  how often do you visit / r/europe [ 2 ] ? 
  same as reddit in general , / r/europe is one of main subs for me  what country are you normally resident in ? 
  romania  do you speak any languages besides english ? 
  ( if yes : which and to what level ? ), 
  romanian , maternal language  what interests you about europe ? 
  recent news and culture  what are your favourite and least favourite things about / r/europe [ 3 ] ? 
  most favorite : diversity ; least favorite : censorship . 
   do you have experience as a moderator or similar ? 
  i could say no , did some moderation a long time ago but for a small comunity . 
   why do you want to be a moderator ? 
  multiple reasons : consider that at the moment current mods fail to represent/understand all groups ; i belive an additional hand may be welcomed , i suggested some new ways of communication mods-comunity and i would like to actually implement that and i belive this position could actually facilitate new moderation systems . 
   why do you think you would be a good moderator ? 
  define good and bad . 
  i do n't want to be `` good '' , i want to let all groups be heard on this sub . 
   do you have any expirence with statistics , datamining or reddit bots ? 
  i am a web develloper , i can build that kind of shit . 
   what is your opinion on the immigration megathread ? 
  what do you think went wrong ( if anything ) ? 
  seriously this is a question ? 
  well then i will answer : immigration is a fast subject and megathread put them all under same roof even if they were very different , people could not discuss separate topics since they were under same roof , unless you had gold the megathread was hard to follow , pm me for more details , i had few beers and is hard to write . 
   what 's one weakness you have ? 
  shy , ometimes i can get really emotional , on the other hand i could show no emotions , hard for people to accept that . 
   would you rather fight one horse sized duck or one hundred duck sized horses ? 
  do n't know about ducks but chickens and geese can inflict heavy damage with their normal size , so , i would rather fight one hundred duck sized horses . 
   what single word connects all of these three of the following words : europe , pussy cat , teacher ? 
  explain why `` porn '' , do you really need more details ? 
  i think i should get used to that, 
  refugees go to gulf countries , those who came in europe are migrants , know the difference,
