  just chill , i 'm sure he just wanted to point the bleme equally on both parties but because if context he was limited only to one of them . 
  c'mon , just say it `` nazi , jew , gay propaganda '' and i 'm off or maybe you prefer `` conservative , white , heterosexual lies '' i do n't care whick you pick i admit tho that dark ages had some tachnology advancement but that was only because some scholars worked for church and they did church 's will ( more exactly church belived it could use them ) or because they were rich or protected by a rich family ; all others ended up ashes . 
  also in europe female genitalia mutilation is prohibited but that does ' t seems to stop some to do that . 
  hahaha i hope is a joke so all thos scholars burned or beheaded were just `` propagada '' ? 
  what 's next ? 
  inquizition was nazi gay propaganda ? 
  wich hunts were entertainment activities ? 
  i will call putin to give me a speach on that . 
  here you go , found it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bv710c1dgpu, 
  it was one islamic preacher cheered by a crowd of people , at a conference ( or something ) ( something well organized ) , in uk ( i assume ) , and not one of them denounced extremism i can not find the video atm but i will summarize it in case someone knows it : a conference , ~ 100 people seated , one speacker with really good english skills starts with a speach which sounds like denouncing extremism , after short time he does a 180 * and claims that extremist views are actually true words of allah , shit continues while croud cheers , in front row is a kid really terrified about what happens ( i assume is first time is such conference ) and check the cround multiple times and does like others in order to not look alien, 
  to quote a muslim preacer :  there are no isamic extremists , there are only true belivers [ in front of a cheering croud of moderate muslims ], 
  i 'm going to leave this here only to see when it is being delisted, 
  sadly these things are not a joke anymore , i see good quality posts deleted for over 2 months already and some i save and check them later, 
  already delisted, 
   i do n't think that you really understood how moderation works on reddit , and what the moderators of a subreddit can do -- or not . 
  but we really understand that you do n't understand how moderation works . 
  i was n't talking about those who have oppinions agains the current , but about those who simply sabotage posts . 
  not now , but at some point they were heavy trolls against polish and ukrainean users , most of all that was n't on news subs but on less relevant subs ( eg : polandbal ), 
  are they preparing to colonize africa ? 
  so ... you 're actualy saying that romania is a lost cause for romanians , fine by me . 
  btw , is people like you who drove 4mil romanians out of romania because you put more and more pressure on those who want to stay and be agent of change here . 
  now you want immigrants because romanians are agent of change elsewhere . 
  you 're not fixing the problem , you 're just moving it to another place . 
  point me where i 'm wrong, 
  how would some immigranti be beneficial in romania when ~ 25 % of work force is producing nothing ( 27 % of populations works in agriculture , what a joke , another 8 % unemployment ) ? 
   you know that 's not true , you jerk . 
  how is not true ( datas do n't lie ) , we are sufocated by taxes , we are doomed to strugle to survive no matter how much we work or produce . 
  1st word countries had a period of growth and they created a nice place to live , but you , now you want to get all the first world countries problems and add them to a second world country problems ? 
  why do n't you just exterminate local population to see how beneficial would be for migrants to have start from 0 ( as we and our parents did ) ? 
  you should put a informative label like this : `` if you agree with mass immigration and decided not to leave you country , yet , because you hope things to change then you are a fool because everything you build and do is in vain ! '', 
  note : i agree with controlled immigration for fields which have open positions . 
  wtf did i just read ? 
  if we would get lower taxes we would raise 2-3 kids , but we pay 46 % in work taxes , another 24 in vat another 3-5 % / year in car/house ensurance , then add to that 5 % rent ; so guess what we receive shit for ammount of work we do ; on top of that you want some immigrants to breed out of your money ; gg now fuck off, 
  i like this version more https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfhyfih4sa4, 
  i agree with / u/frankeh , bans are a huge problem , also , maybe we could let those bans open to discution with comunity and if necesary update the rulles . 
  btw thx for the unban for a ( i assume ) permanent ban , the fact that i did n't received an answer for the reason behind the ban ( does n't matter now ) makes me support the whole ideea of public bans and discution for them . 
  as for the critique i see it more of a community driven discution and some ( i would ) could volunteer to direct discutions before mods review . 
  also the interval would be set based in it 's popularity . 
  so ... in not acceptable to archive the comments , got that also reddiquette is not a set of hard rules , actually it is ' t a set of rulles at all , it is a set of quidelines but what stops me for archiving posts ? 
  more i could createa separate subreddit and combine it with a plugin . 
  in this case would posts be deleted as happened for last couple of days or just delisted ? 
  if is the later option we could actually show removed content only to those who wish while keeping the rest of sub clean . 
  ( as long as it is not brealing reddit rules eg : personal information , pornography and so on ), 
  can we have for a while a megathread ( i know how it sounds ) for mod criticism or even comunity management cryiicism , for last couple of weeks any attempt of communication was abruptly terminated ( if you know what i mean ) and i belive some of us would like to debate and even propose solutions for a better moderation . 
  actually i 'm not , sorry, 
  seriously ...  bullshit , this sub is the same if not worse i lurked / r/russia for a while ( and still do ) and even russians admit that you ( as in / r/russia comunity ) have one of the most hateful atitude toward everybody else , and that is not mild / r/europe cirle-jerk , that 's plain hate and disrespect toward people , for you guys not even / r/european could came to your level , damn i 've seen some upvoted comments that would make hitler blush . 
   you 've got a hive mind and anything against it gets downvoted to shit . 
  i admit that there are some groups with fixed ideologies , one of them is tipical russians , ofcoure it has an european counterpart ; but do n't worry that goes to all current subjects with pro and cons . 
   and people here treat putin as a lovechild of satan , hitler and stalin put together . 
  why do russians get so buthurt about putin ? 
  ffs history will remember him as stalin or just another anonimous leader ( one of these for sure ) , why you see it as a god ? 
  onestly the russian comunity had an agresive atitude on this sub ( see heavy insults , bashing , fake info , propaganda , trolling , whataboutuism , simply denial , puttin buthurting , etc. . . ) and now it got a bad reputaion , what would you expect to happen in that situation ? 
  now each time we see something connected to russia we remember all those negative experiences and for sure everythign out of norm will get downvoted . 
  and please stop with that attitude of `` glorious russian master race , everybody else is shit and even bugs are more superior to them '' , that brings to you each time 3 months bad luck and downvotes . 
  a country may want me , actually i belive most of them would want a migrant like me , the problem is that each day i would have to meet it 's citizens , and they may be a problem . 
  educated as in : - i have a computer science degree - i have almost 4 years it experience - im able to respect others customs as long as they are in common sense - as non beliver i do n't care what others belive - generally i have common sense ( this is beyond school education ), 
  hello people . 
  i plan to emigrate . 
  so who would like to have a 23yo , light skin , brown hair , educated , non beliver , average english , with dificulties learning new languages but not reluctant , average looking , male as a neighbor ? 
  ps : planning to setttle down for life pps : serious question, 
  sorry but in some languages the informal name of the netherlands sound more like holland ( romanian : [ olanda ] ( https://ro.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c8%9a%c4%83rile_de_jos ) ) and is widely used , actually almost everybody would have no ideea who is the netherland while knew exactly who is holland . 
  i assume russians have same issue . 
  correctly !, 
  and i 'm glad that you used `` if '' word as is really hard to convice a rromani that education can change his status and not the easy ways to get money ( like begging , stealing , etc ) ; in order to make you understand many rromani will act in face of education like an animal in face of a life-saving-painful surgery because for moment is really horrible even if in long run thing are way better . 
  to support my statement : ~ 40years of communism wiped out many ( almost all ) differences between classes but not for rromani , their status remained still lower , and this was 40years they could simply say `` i do n't want to live like that anymore , i want to live like the rest of people '' and they would receive same `` priveleges '' like rest of the people over night ( home , education , job , etc. 
  ) ; few of them did that . 
  oh ffs  doesnt have the same priviliges like the rest of the socity they received a home and education for free , more that rest of societymaybe they should let them rot in tents so they would be treated equally ; companies are encouraged to hire rromani ( trough various smaller taxes ) the fact is that educated rromani leave their former groups , do they discriminate among themselves ? 
  the worst part is that this mentality that `` is not up to them to change . 
  the majority should always chenge to fit minority '' is the only thing that keeps them that way . 
  german reunification ? 
  again ? 
  what did i missed ? 
  evil germans ; greeks are unable to stop tax-evasion or give fines, 
  not sure about france , i know that netherlands gives no shit about religion and cults but we , easterners and even southerners give a shitload of money to all kind of cults . 
   maintain these with their own money in case you do n't know , they are mantained with tax-payer money, 
   stop the wars they want those wars , they support the wars , those wars are not with a foreign force ( aliens ) , you ca n't simple say `` stop , go to your home !, 
  '' , they have nothing better to do because they lack vision . 
  unless your ideea is to bomb the shit out of them , then yes , that will stop them ( worked for serbians ) . 
  and agree with investment in those reagions but first stability must be acheeved . 
  not going to happen , they will rather give those money to an immigrant from an ex colony than you ( romanian or bulgarian ), 
  i was talking about these sources recenlty posted on / r/europe https://agenda.weforum.org/2015/07/which-countries-work-the-longest-hours/ http://www.forbes.com/sites/niallmccarthy/2015/03/13/contrary-to-what-most-people-think-greeks-work-the-longest-hours-in-europe-infographic/ https://imgur.com/zz6reby, 
  in graphs with most hours worked a year greeks work the most , in graphs with most hours worked a week romanians work the most . 
  conclusion : greeks have an extra day between weeks and they do most of the work then ( take that germans ) . 
  ^ ( or these graphs are total bushit ), 
  not actually , socialism and communism gives no shit about individuals and their aspirations , their focus in to make resources accessible to all individuals while resources are limited and creating equality between individuals . 
  in a post scarcity economy individuals may have aspirations and they are rewarded for them , also they are rewarded for their achievements but not trough material means ; also resources are unlimited ; individuals are not equal but inequality is not enforced it is rather respected and individuals can choose their `` rank '' trough personal effort . 
  star-trek has a post scarcity economy , is quite different from communism but is something that communism may evolve into . 
  so many graphs and data , we decided yesterday that we can not trust data and graphs since they mislead , however we can only thus the one who shouts louder . 
  if only would be that easy :(, 
  you should take all the german habbits , but that 's a nice start, 
  beside the fact that 90 % are totally unfunny i got a good one :  tsipras should gain 47 kilos in 9 days to make merkel feel thinner . 
  swiss print the money for many currencies , not only ron , since they have a dedicated industry . 
  that 's a lie , the swiss prin our money , we still do n't have the know how :(, 
  that could be actually be nice and useful , close to serbia too . 
  nice ideea : when someone from administrative part fucks things up , we take him on the bridge and kick him off while shouting `` this is ~ ~ sparta ~ ~ vidin-calafat !, 
  '' ; greeks are invited too to supervise the procedure , serbians will execute it , everybody is happy . 
  your move catholics . 
  i deny that origin since in our version the focus is the filling with different wrappers , for them is same wrapper with different fillings ; see the difference ? 
  we have those too and their origin is actually turkish :(, 
  we should use our priest as special forces ( black uniform check , terifing loocks check , not afraid to handle weapons check , really good ability to handle masses check ),
