  you forgot republic of moldova with crime hordes . 
  edit : i dont want athens to be the capital, 
   that she is not `` greeks '' . 
  i reddy doupt that greeks disagree with her , or else she would have her image damaged heavily . 
  you are right about goods where those must have a ron conversion ( from houses to cars and bananas ) thus being payd in ron ; but for salary i just found something fishy : the accountant just told me that payment must be in ron , however , the bank consultant says that they have clients payed exclusive in euro . 
   any payments must be done in ron i beg to differ ; for salaries i 'm sure that they can be payd and received in euros ( if both parties have an account in euro ) ( and the atm/store makes converversion , but you could withdraw directy in euros at the office ) , actuallly in case of a loan the bank asks you if you salary is in ron or another currency . 
  well / r/europe usually complains that there are too many romanians here ( ask greeks ) and we really are many , most of those who activate on / r/romania activate here too ( tho many are lurkers ) , so just wait a little bit ( or say out loud that romania 's capital is budapest ) . 
  eli5 : once , in a middle school , there were 2 groups of bullies who repeated the class for years and would allow no one in their grop , and you could do shit without them kicking your butt ( also they would eat all food from the cafeteria ) , and each year those bullies were getting worse , and in the end they started picking on each other sometimes ; ( note that even if those bullies were big and powerful they had no experience in fights because they only picked on little kids till then ) . 
  one time , some kids , feed up with the bullies and from ideea of a bully who wanted to lose competition ( maybe was afraid that others will kick him too ) toked all their lunch money and gave it to most fucked up , incontrollable kid to take karate lessons . 
  so the fucked-up kid comes back after a year and starts kicking the buts of bullies one at the time . 
  this happened because most of the kids felt that bullies deserve to be kicked . 
  also now some of the little ones have access to cafeteria which is more accessible to all . 
  who benefits form this : first the little ones for access to the cafeteria , some of the original bullies who did n't get their ass kicked , some of the future bullies ( which will call themselves team captain , class president and so on ) . 
  actually i think this is relevant for / r/europe too since there are many countries who wish to do the same, 
  i support that , if isarescu says ` jump ! ', 
  we wo n't have a second thought . 
  till then we feel really comfortable with euro and many of employees who earn over equivalent of 1000euros already chose to be paid in euros so our trust in euro is quite high . 
  also population is well aware that greece issues are less because of euro and more because of really bad management . 
  exept from our view it seems that most of them accept reforms as long as they do n't change anything , then fuck reforms, 
  you mean fireworks & firecrackers ? 
  one question : why austerity hurts only greece , why not ireland ? 
  ireland is in same shit as greece . 
   how do you people think vat is collected over here , honestly ? 
  as pointed multiple times it is n't collected, 
  i may add something in romania lidl stated that if farmers want to sell their products trough their network they can apply for that , and there are even record of this being applied . 
  problem is that those products must met some standards . 
  how did you get rroma in switzerland ? 
  i heard you got some strict laws about who gets in . 
   start using the word occupation correctly ? 
  sorry , russian alternative word is liberation , does that fit in context ? 
  thx , you gave me another perspective on situation ; btw , was republic of crimea ever recognized by ukraine or any other country ? 
   long since stopped being a plurality what does `` long '' means actually ? 
  long as in 70years since annexation of crimea to ua or as same interval under russian ocupation before tatars were extict in crimea ? 
  ( 1897 tatars still had majority in crimea ), 
   crimea hundred years was russian ` hundred ' is actually few decades and it 's population was tatar until they were deported during su , the remaining 10 % populaiton if tatars should decide if they want to share their rightful land with ukraineans and russians . 
  well , at last referendum there were solidarity manifestations in other countries capitals , and since reddit ( and internet in general ( seen a lot of greek political posts on 9gag too ) ) is full of sjws , propaganda could be used on them , if political class does not support greece at least population could, 
  propaganda , they need public support, 
  i actually worked with germans , and i love planing and calculating but these guys still amaze me how much attention they give to planing , as workers ( those who execute orders ) they are not that great ( better than others but not great ) . 
  also when in highschool palyed an mmorpg with a team of mostly germans , i could say i experienced army order and coordination . 
  again this ? 
  we got it before : germans work half of the time doing 3 times more than rest of the mortals, 
  sorry for romanian hatred , but we will still visit your beaches . 
  they still protect the old scholl politicians and avoid creating a mechanism of colecting taxes, 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , do n't take the easy way and deny it, 
   i read that their social security has significantly lowered in last 5 yes indeed , before 2008 a retired person with pension of 3x median salary would receive 2 new monthly payments for chrismas and easter , now it only receives 700euros extra, 
   exchange rate manipulation we could do none of that , nobody wanted our coin ( and why would they ) , the fact we used $ for in and out transaction is the prof of that ; even tho there was an excenge rate stated by national bank the real exchange practiced by population was 17x higher ( guess why ), 
  we did ' t payed the dept with lei , we payed it with $ , actually we made import with $ and export with $ and what remained was sent to pay dept , and first dollars ware bought with gold . 
  envy probably but my comment is not because of envy , your goverment atitude at whole situation was exacty how a junkie would act : has a nice life and gets a nice house and a luxurious car , then meets drugs ; first gets a dose and is good , then gets more and still is good , then gets more that he can afford but the dealer is nice and lets him pass , meanwhile his big house needs a lot of money for heat , electricity and water from the pool , then he ca n't pay for new doses and he is behind with bills , a friend lends some money to pay some of bills and get him streight and get a job ( and give up to the big expending house ) , but junkie goes to dealer and pays all the money he owned to him instead of fixing urgent matters ( dealer wants more money because of delay ) , then another friend lends some money to get him streight but junkie gives the money to first friend and buys food and pays electricity ( new the dealer wants the luxurious car ) . 
  give the junkie some more money , guess what will do next ? 
  the article does ' t states how much bad did to population and that austerity lead to ceausescu being shot, 
  no situatuation is comparable to greece 's , except that of lending money to a junkie . 
  edit : before downvote could someone explain me why my comparison does not apply ? 
  eventually they did and ceaucescu was not an elected leader , he was a dictator and had all the control systems on his side ; do n't think same thing applies for greeks, 
   but it 's reserved for the elite of this plac so why people do not protest against them ? 
  why greeks do not ask for their heads but instead just complain about austerity and any form of authority ? 
  from my pow it looks very childish like `` something bad happened , i do n't want to fix it but wo n't tell who 's responsible because he will get upset and wo n't play with me anymore '', 
  i got it , you want to mock half or europe that even greeks make more money !, 
  is funny tho as many greeck expats pointed out even in thus subreddit : many of the greeks could have emigrated when shit went down ( as romanians and bulgarians did ) yet they choose to stay , i worder why ? 
  meanwhile we do n't even have the queues , no money and no free food :(, 
  from my circle of friends on facebook just one made a negative comment about the decision taken in usa but another 20 already changed their profile picture into rainbow colors . 
  ( representative for east of romania ) . 
  is the situation even comparable ? 
  but you also have turkish written in the arabic script , i know is not common but all turks i know fancy with turkish written in the arabic script ( they have book and all sort of decorations in arabic ) . 
  at least you use latin letters , just wait for greeks and russians or turks . 
  i was expecting that from a german , but i suppose they 're not allowed to be offended anymore, 
  * we are enough romanians in order to take all mod positions . 
  exactly . 
  those are different brands with same label ? 
  condensed milk in russia and eastern europe is different from that in western europe , the russian type is more sweet . 
  condensed milk is still consumed in eastern europe ( ex su block ) even if it can be quite expensive . 
  as you go from west of romania ( inclusive ) it 's consume drops significantly . 
  btw : does russia also have those blue cans of condensed milk ( ~ 200g ) ? 
  i 've seen it very often in r.moldova , ukraine and belorussia . 
   tastes like childhood to some , but it tastes like poverty to me . 
  it tastes both ways for me , 
  well it is a profitable business ferry owners make a fortune , politicians get new voters , private businesses will have more contracts with state , ngo 's will get more funds for `` integration '' and so on, 
  i belive you could get a pirate nuclear submarine in russia . 
  they still do 2mil euros in damages to private property each month, 
  imb4 : but they just want a better life, 
  is hard to have an opinion about country as whole , most likely we can analyze people , land , and politicians separately, 
  oh , ok , then the problem can be solved very easy : we give men more chances for paternity leave this way employers will have to worry same for both genders, 
  suposedly positive is in favor of men , negative is in favor of women and number is percentage, 
  for all this i have one question : why would employers hire men if they pay women less ? 
  does n't make sense . 
  is not `` acceptable '' but they do happen because people do n't know their rights , also things changed a lot lately , you should visit romania from time to time in order to update your opinion . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:the_unadjusted_gender_pay_gap_by_age_%28%25%29,_2013_%281%29_new.png 2 % for people unde 34yo, 
  i 'm sure that by time of inquisition saying that earth is round and not center of universe was considered `` mocking '' , it really challenged the beliefs of many . 
  and that mocking proved to be progress, 
  yes is comparable those who left the cave defied those who remained behind , they betrayed the old group and most likely were refuzed back in , but those who proved that there are other means of survival convinced those once skeptic about leaving the cave and so progress was made . 
  do n't close you mouth or eyes simply because that makes you safe now , soon that might not be enough . 
  beside current article i have no ideea who is geert wilders , and for sure the reasons behind his actions are in it 's own interest but that does n't mean that society does n't need his actions . 
  and we build shit because we could , because i 'm sure that parents and girlfriends of those explorers , engeneers and scientists said something like `` do n't leave , do n't waste you live building some futuristic shit , stay here by the farm as our ancestors did '' while those great people said `` fuck , you , all ! '', 
  imo this kind of actions are necessary simply because they prove that terrorism does not work , terrorist tried to stop those drawings once already ( because though they could ) , stopping them from broadcast proves that their means work ; terrorists are simply bullies , bow you head once and they know they are stronger , show that their actions backfire and they will think twice . 
  we left trees and caves because we could , we build ships and rockets because we could , we created art and acheeved greatness because we could ; i supose we all are `` despicable '' ( except you , you wasted your life ), 
  russia in not threatening others , russia in only warning them . 
  i could use this as ringtone, 
  continuationfrom / u/kerrovitar : also sudently that dept should not be payed by transnistria but it should be payed by moldova because `` transnistria is a strong and independent country '' according to russia . 
  it is n't , is a federation, 
  tourist seazon officially open in transistria ? 
  here you go : glorius free and democratic russian federations !,
