how many languages did you learn to speak from school ? 
  i mean i guess it makes sense to learn those languages given your proximity to the populations who speak those languages , but damn , belgium/flanders , you guys really do n't play around when it comes to teaching foreign languages . 
  thank you for sharing !, 
  i appreciate the link . 
  i 've always considered knowing a foreign language a useful skill and hated the fact that i gave it up . 
  you 're spot on in regards to our education system . 
  to me it feels as if quizzes and test are more of an assessment of how well you can remember the reading from the text book , as opposed to how well you comprehended the material but that 's a whole other can of worms . 
  i live in north dakota and even we get dumb questions when visiting florida like , `` do you live in an igloo ? 
  do you have electricity ? 
  what is snow like ? '', 
  thank you !, 
  i know it may seem to be a weird question but part of the reason i ask is that in our education system foreign language is thought of as an extra curricular , and therefor is n't regarded as important by most schools . 
  i chose to take french in high school , but in the five years since i 've graduated i never used the language and i 've forgotten most of it beside my favorite french word , pamplemousse , and simple introductions or how to ask to use the restroom or go to my locker . 
  - even then i would probably brutalize the pronunciation and i do n't really remember how to spell or write most of the words that i know . 
  good to know . 
  i wish we were more focused on foreign languages in our schools , especially in early education when the mind is best suited to learn new languages . 
  i perceive that to change in the future though as spanish becomes a more commonly used language in the us . 
  i took two years of french class in high school but like i said it was more of an elective than an actual class and therefore my education was n't very thorough . 
  in the five years that i 've been out of public schools , i never used it and forgot most of the language besides my favorite french word , pamplemousse , introducing myself and asking to use the restroom . 
  i guess that what i was trying to ask was more along the lines of what your education in german was like after you started studying a foreign language . 
  does your education system divide the lessons into separate classes or is it felt as if you 've learned enough about german once you get to the age that they 've introduced foreign language courses to your curriculum and therefor they stop shoving it down your throats and shift focus to something else . 
  i know it may seemed to be an odd question but part of the reason i ask is because in our education system foreign language is thought of as an extra curricular similar to a class in painting or woodworking , and therefor is n't regarded as important by most students or parents . 
  most students i went to school with opted out from taking it all together . 
  when you think about it the unification of germany did n't take place in my country but think of how different the world would be today if it never happened . 
  gerrymandering is another huge problem in the us . 
  wow . 
  that 's a great description . 
  well , i 'm glad i got to visit before it became the sea of tulips . 
  you seem to be one of the nicest conquerors , but did you know puerto rico and other us territories actually have representation in congress ? 
  the difference between their representatives and say the ones from say north dakota , my state , is that non-voting members of the house of representatives are congressional representatives who are not allowed to vote on proposed legislation . 
  they can however speak their opinions on laws and may vote in a house committee of which they are a member and introduce legislation . 
  why do you want to dry up the great lakes ? 
  that 's one of the oddest responses i 've seen thus far . 
  in regards to the american experience , from what i 've read from various sources people do n't offer that , but i stand corrected . 
  i was thinking of something more unique . 
  for example , when i said dividing the menu based on region , the south would offer foods like pan-fried chicken , corn bread , okra , grits , black-eyed peas , pulled pork , fried catfish , biscuits and gravy , gumbo , etc. 
  oh , no worries !, 
  it was n't any trouble at all . 
  luckily i managed to get my student loans from 11k to 8k last year so here 's to hoping things get better . 
  i just did a quick google search , but it only turned up dutch recipes . 
  if what you say is true then perhaps it is just a pancake house . 
  to be honest , i 've never seen it really full , and from the outside it looks kind of unclean . 
  i was thinking more on a local scale . 
  tgif or hard rock caf\u00e9 is a true representation of american cuisine as viking helmets with horns is of norway 's . 
  oh god , i 'm sorry to have to give you hooters . 
  it 's clientele are probably seen as the lowest rung of disgusting pervy old men here . 
  the food is disgusting too . 
  no worries , i did n't take it as rude or anything . 
  i am by no means a chef or businessman , but rather a curious citizen . 
  maybe i should become an investor though ... after i pay off my ridiculous student loans , and hospital bills of course !, 
  that makes more sense . 
  i kind of assumed they just poured a drink into a glass and served it to you . 
  i was not . 
  thank you for enlighting me . 
  it 's probably cultural both ways , seeing how our portions are larger , and it 's expected to ask your waiter or be asked by your waiter at the end of the meal if they notice you have extra food . 
  i 've never actually been to the local dutch restaurant , but i 'm aware that it exist . 
  it 's family owned , so it 's likely family recipes passed down from generation to generation . 
  i 'm also curious as to why some europeans would want to drink warm water ? 
  that seems so odd to me . 
  interesting . 
  i 'm curious why people would n't want take away boxes if they still have food left . 
  i assume it has something to do with portion size , but if you still had say , a quarter of a steak , and two sides left would n't you want to take it home to eat later ? 
  i guess i did n't look at it that way but you 're right . 
  i agree . 
  i think it 's a serious problem in the united states . 
  wow though , we got way off topic . 
  if it means anything , north dakota has the most bars per capita , and the highest dui rate . 
  i have to say though , i 'm surprised that we have a reputation of binge drinking , because we always think of europeans in the same sense : irish with their whiskey , french with their wine , russians and their vodka . 
  i could go on but i think you all get the jest . 
  yeah , that 's what happens when you privatize the prison system . 
  it 's no shocker that our prisons have become overrun with minor non-lethal drug dealers though , which is one of the reasons that legalization has had such a huge push lately . 
  i heard about it from my foreign friends studying abroad . 
  they 're all from ireland and the u.k. 
  i could see the laws changing for us in ten years time as more millennials enter higher positions of government and more and more states start to legalize individually with soaring profits . 
  perhaps with germany passing medical marijuana , the rest of europe will ease their views on the situation and follow suit , in turn leading to recreational use . 
  if the h.r. 1227 - ending federal marijuana prohibition act of 2017 passes they 'll have competition , but alas , i do n't see that happening seeing as our country is still ran by baby boomers who treat the drug like meth . 
  if it 's any consolation i sound like a turkey whenever i tried to roll my rs in spanish . 
  american here , my city has four university campuses and a total population of around 233k . 
  vaping here is pretty well accepted . 
  in my state vaping is n't allowed inside as americans are pretty anti-smoking in general . 
  anyways , it 's not a big deal here . 
  it 's looked down upon a lot less than smoking a cigarette , and a lot of times when i go to house parties i see people exchanging flavors and sharing their vapes with other people . 
  i think that the whole `` people never shut up '' is a product of people hating people with vapes because it 's the trendy thing to do . 
  when in rome ... see the eiffel tower . 
  oh my god ikr ? 
  they 're like the european equivalent of brazilians . 
  as an american i 've always wondered why so many europeans like visiting the us , canada , etc. 
  because nothing seems to be particularly interesting when compared to europe 's thousand year old cities , countries , landmarks , and so on . 
  obviously this question is gauged towards people whose first language is n't english . 
  aside from cities like new orleans , montpelier , des moines , boise , etc. 
  which do n't have english origins are there special ways of pronouncing american cities in your native language or would you actually say it the way an american would ? 
  i 'm really interested in language because i know for example that paris would sound like puh-ree in french or rome would be pronounced as rome-uh , in italian . 
  coming for a somewhat insignificant midwestern city with a population of around 114,000 people , it is n't hard to eat food from around the world . 
  downtown and the surrounding neighborhoods alone provide me the option to eat dishes from japan , china , thailand , vietnam , india , pakistan , nigeria , chad , somalia , france , russia , germany , poland , the netherlands - i think you get the point . 
  my question to you is how do you think an `` american '' restaurant would fare in your country with [ dishes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_american_foods ) from around the country , possibly divided by region , with a focus on american dining experience ( free ice water , unlimited refills , takeaway boxes , etc. ) ? 
  i 've always been curious as to how europeans would accept or deny this concept and whether it would do well in the european dining environment . 
  edit : i should say that i realize most of our food is european/asian based , with an `` american twist '' on it . 
  likewise , those foods also have distinct differences than their origin dishes . 
  for example , american chinese food created by american-chinese immigrants taste nothing like authentic chinese food . 
  is commonly smoked by people in large groups or do people use it privately ?
