   only way this can be solved is global legislation harmonization good luck with that ; you will need some international authority to ensure that this works , with meaningful penalties to avoid cheating . 
  but the tax system is how politicians get to dispense favors to their favorites constituents and they will not give that away in the name of `` global harmonization '' . 
  does anyone has another source ? 
  as soon as i clicked on the link all i got was garbage about being the 1000th visitor and winning some contest ... 
  i disagree with you here , it 's not perception but the reality that the eu is not a country and the u.s.a. and china are and are able to move all their economic and military power in one direction to achieve a specific goal . 
  to take just one example just look at the issue of illegal immigration . 
  hundreds of thousands of people started arriving in europe from the middle east and africa via greece and italy and there was n't a single authority providing a unified response . 
  some countries like hungary said `` no way '' and started closing their borders . 
  germany and sweden basically said `` come on in '' and now the eu is seeking to distribute all those refugees across the whole union , but poland and other countries again say `` no '' . 
  meanwhile , italy is still dealing with thousands of refugees in the mediterranean . 
  this is confusing at the least , but those human traffickers profiting from the misery of others and the corrupt governments that allow this to happen see the reality that they can get away with it . 
  clearly the eu is unable to stop them , so it 's not perception . 
  in the u.s.a. donald trump is only talking about tightening of immigration laws ; he has changed enforcement priorities compared to what the previous obama administration was doing but the laws are actually the same ... nothing has changed . 
  there is no border wall with mexico , there 's not even funding for it . 
  but illegal border crossings have dropped and people in central america that were planning to walk north to the u.s.a. are dropping their plans . 
  whatever you think of the policies of the u.s. administration , you only have to look at the president to find out what they are are react to it . 
  there is no such a thing for the eu and until this is addressed it wo n't be able to translate all that economic power into real influence in the world stage . 
  or simply continue where you were going ... without having to worry about a crew to protect there is more flexibility in reacting to pirates . 
  you could even direct the ship to the nearest military post ... 
   oslo -- two norwegian companies are taking the lead in the race to build the world 's first crewless , autonomously operated ship , an advance that could mark a turning point in seaborne trade . 
   dubbed by shipping executives the `` tesla of the seas , '' the yara birkeland now under development is scheduled in late 2018 to start sailing fertilizer 37 miles down a fiord from a production facility to the port of larvik . 
  using the global positioning system , radar , cameras and sensors , the electric ship is designed to navigate itself around other boat traffic and to dock on its own . 
   the vessel will cost $ 25 million , about three times as much as a conventional container ship of its size , but its backers say without need for fuel or crew it promises to cut annual operating costs by up to 90 % . 
  the 100-container ship is scheduled to be in the water toward the end of next year , though initially it will be tested with a human at the controls . 
   the birkeland is being jointly developed by agriculture firm yara international asa and kongsberg gruppen as a , which builds guidance systems for civilian and military uses . 
   petter ostbo , yara 's head of production who leads the project , said the company would look to invest in bigger ships and use them for longer routes once international regulations are in place for crewless vessels . 
  `` maybe even move our fertilizer from holland all the way to brazil , '' he said . 
   the international maritime organization , which regulates maritime travel , does n't expect legislation governing crewless ships to be in place before 2020 . 
   shipping executives say autonomous vessels will be popular for short sea routes , but doubt they will replace oceangoing ships that move thousands of containers across continents with an average crew size of around 25 . 
   `` it 's not a matter of technology , which is already there , but a business case , '' said lars jensen , chief executive of seaintelligence consulting in copenhagen . 
  `` autonomous ships are expensive to begin with , and have to be built very robust , because if they break down , the cost of getting a team to fix them it in the middle of the ocean will be very high . ''  in addition to reducing fuel and labor costs , the birkeland project is being pitched as a way to cut emissions . 
  the ship is expected to replace 40,000 truck drives a year through urban areas in southern norway , the companies say . 
   ship operators increasingly are being asked to introduce cleaner fuels when sailing close to populated coastal areas , especially in the u.s. and europe . 
   `` we want to go zero emission , '' said mr. ostbo . 
  `` even if some say climate change is not reality , it 's a business reality because clean sources of energy are more affordable than fossil fuels . ''  the birkeland will become autonomous in stages . 
  at first , a single container will be used as a manned bridge on board . 
  then the bridge will be moved to shore and become a remote-operation center . 
  the ship will eventually run fully on its own , under supervision from shore , in 2020 . 
   `` when the bridge goes on land , it will be something like flying a drone from a command center , '' said kongsberg 's chief executive , geir haoy . 
  `` it will be gps navigation and lots of high-tech cameras to see what 's going around the ship . ''  the norwegians are n't alone in looking into autonomous shipping . 
  british manufacturer rolls-royce holding plc is investing in similar technology and plans to launch robotic ships by 2020 . 
  the first vessels will likely be tugboats and ferries , with cargo ships that can sail through international waters to follow . 
   `` once the regulation is in place , i can see this spreading fast , '' mr. haoy said . 
  `` there is a lot of interest from operators of coastal tankers , fish-transport vessels and supply ships that are knocking on our door . '', 
  why was n't jesus born in italy ? 
  he could n't find 3 wise men or a virgin . 
  happy now ? 
   yes you can . 
  just because something is n't illegal or you can do it does n't mean you should . 
  i get that , but we 're talking about politicians here and it 's their nature to play the rules to their advantage . 
  if the polish people would like for something like this not to happen the solution is to spell it out in the constitution . 
  does poland 's constitution allows this change to happen ? 
  because i would say that if you want a strong judiciary then the composition of the sc and how judges are appointed or replaced should be spelled out in the constitution to prevent politicization . 
  if it is n't , the you really ca n't blame the government for trying to do what they are doing now , because they are doing it within the current rules . 
  [ i wish it was only two ... ] ( https://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/all-european-flag-2548155.jpg ), 
  oh , so you 're theory is that he named to his government a bunch of people that are thwarting him ... ? 
  yeah , interesting theory . 
  have a nice day , i 'm done trying to reason with you . 
   `` and no , i do n't like the americans ( or anyone for that matter ) appeasing to russia , unless there is something worth it in return . 
  i think obama made a mistake . 
  so why would trump try it appease again ... '' what ? 
  is this `` appeasing '' ? 
  ambassador nikki haley blasts russia on syria ] ( http://www.msnbc.com/brian-williams/watch/trump-s-u-n-ambassador-nikki-haley-blasts-russia-on-syria-915094595736 ) * [ russia and syria denounce u.s. airstrike on pro-assad militia ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/19/world/middleeast/syria-russia-us-convoy.html?_r=0 ) * [ u.s. tightens sanctions on russia over crimea ] ( http://money.cnn.com/2017/06/20/news/russia-sanctions-treasury/index.html ) * [ trump administration to sell patriot missiles to poland ] ( http://abcnews.go.com/international/wirestory/trump-administration-sell-patriot-missiles-poland-48465818 ) * [ russia wo n't be happy : state department approves missile defense system sale to romania ] ( http://www.newsweek.com/russia-wont-be-happy-state-department-sells-missile-defense-system-romania-635210 ), 
  i honestly cringe when people throw accusations of so and so being an authoritarian ; do n't they know the meaning of that word ? 
  you say that trump might try it and i want to see exactly what is the evidence . 
  the so-called `` muslim ban '' ? 
  what is it ? 
  i live here , i 'm an immigrant from latin america . 
  should n't i be in jail or in a concentration camp ? 
  and i 'm honestly curious about you liking obama foreign policies ; he tried to appease putin by scrapping the missile-defense plan that his predecessor had with poland and the czech republic ... and what was the result ? 
  putin just took the crimea and started a war in eastern ukraine . 
  did you notice how the russians stopped buzzing nato warships in the baltic sea as soon as trump took over ? 
  do you think that 's a bad thing ? 
   but trying to control all the judges is on itself a crime against democracy , a fucking huge one . 
  can you imagine how bad actually controlling the judges would be ? 
  [ yes ] ( http://www.cnn.com/2017/03/30/americas/venezuela-dissolves-national-assembly/index.html ) ; and like i said above , if poland 's constitution allows the parliament to do just that then there are really no check and balances over there and that 's the real problem that needs to be addressed . 
  my initial response was appropriate given the message i was responding to ; i have provided more substantive responses when other users had mentioned specific issues ( such as the matter of the law that affects the supreme court judges ) . 
  also , you seem to forget that this issue of poland is discussed almost daily here . 
  i 'm not a drive-by poster , i 've been here for a while because i have close relatives in germany and in this sub i get valuable context about the stuff that is reported by the media . 
  if i 'm such an ignorant , why do n't you help me and tell me why ? 
  because it 's allowed ? 
  like i said , i ignore a lot about the politics of poland . 
  i have read a couple of articles about the judicial issue over there and it appears that the ruling party wants to pass a law that will result in most of the supreme court judges to resign . 
  i agree that it does n't look right , but i assume that if they are proposing that in a bill in parliament it 's because they are allowed by the country constitution to do so if they have the votes . 
  if that 's the case , it 's your country constitution that need to be fix ... you really ca n't blame a party in power for taking advantage of that . 
  also , a personal story : i 'm an immigrant and i arrived to the mainland u.s. shortly before president barack obama was elected . 
  a few months into his administrations there were large rallies by people who were opposed to his policies and were in my opinion overly dramatic . 
  in the end obama turned out to be ( again , in my opinion ) a typical left-wing politician , a modern day lyndon b. johnson . 
  i 'm not a leftist , i opposed most of his policies ... but he won and in our democratic system that means that he gets to implement his policies . 
  but i do n't think he was attempting to transform the usa into something that it was n't like most of his political opponents claimed . 
  now we 're in 2017 and guess what : there 's donald trump in the white house and now is the democrats turn to get overly dramatic ... talking about the country going down , about a rise in `` fascism '' and immigrants communities living in terror ... and i 'm honestly tired of that nonsense . 
  i 'm afraid that one day an actual authoritarian monster will come to power and nobody will notice because we 've been accusing everyone from obama to trump of being one . 
  if you 're talking about the `` judicial reform '' debate i would agree with you that on the surface it looks like a power play by the ruling party , but with the caveat that i do n't know enough about polish laws and judicial matter to present an informed opinion . 
  however , this is far from authoritarian : are they arresting people at random ? 
  are they infringing on personal freedoms ? 
  in cuba people are beaten up and arrested just for protesting against the government . 
  is that happening in poland ? 
  if so , i 'll agree with you . 
  but right now it just look like the loser of the last elections do n't liking what the guys who won are doing . 
  probably because they do n't think that the policies the left opposes are `` authoritarian '',
