  if they really cared about people not having health insurance obamacare would have taken care of that ; it did n't and it was n't meant to be ... they just wanted something that would fail and ensure that people would demand socialized health care . 
  gerrymandering apparently is only good when democrats do it , right ? 
  and what voter suppression tactics are you talking about ? 
  asking for a picture id to vote ? 
  leftist only call that `` voter suppression '' because they believe that minorities are too dumb to know how to get a picture id . 
  can you explain how the republicans failed to keep turnout low in 2008 and in 2012 ? 
  if there was a popular vote it means that millions of republicans living in big , democrat-leaning states like california and new york will be in play as well and politicians of both parties would have to suck up to them . 
  right now the democrats are able to blow a lot of hot air talking about global warming and against fossil fuels because the huge block of voters that live in areas with large oil deposits in those two states basically do n't count . 
  so both parties will have policies more to the center , not just republicans . 
  also , about those `` racial dog whistles '' they only exist in liberal 's imagination . 
  i am black and i live in maryland , 30 minutes from the city of baltimore ( 127 homicides as of today in 2017 ) ; i also have a son that will be five-years-old in a few days and he and i are more likely to be harmed by liberal 's hypocrisy than by so-called `` racial dog whistles '' . 
  i 've heard that nonsensical phrase used all the time when discussing issues of crimes in the inner city or largely black neighborhoods and to people like me it is a reality that the typical liberal white does not see or lives . 
  in my in-laws side of the family a teenage boy was shot and killed by a black kid as part of a gang initiation ritual . 
  his only crime was being in the wrong place at the wrong time . 
  my son 's mother and i live in a safe area , but we 're planning to move just because there is a metro station near by that could put our son in baltimore in 15 minutes . 
  the middle school that he 's supposed to attend a few years from now it 's awful : fights all the time , kids cursing at teachers . 
  that is our reality and my blood boils when liberals employ the stupid `` racists '' accusation when other address the problems that affect us . 
  okay , i had to google that to make sure you were saying what you believe you were saying :  the word thicc means `` a black woman whose body represents an hourglass '' ( urban dictionary ) . 
  ... thicc is a word mostly used on 4chan to indicate that a woman ( or a drawing of a woman ) has a good amount of meat on her , particularly her thighs '' damn it , is that thicc in europe ? 
  it just happens to be the truth , it 's been like that for over two centuries and if you do n't have the bandwidth to read two paragraphs about it then i 'm sorry ... search in twitter and maybe you can find a meme that will explain it to you ... 
  wtf is your problem ? 
  why the insults ? 
  [ was n't mexico accepted into the eu a few months ago . . ? ], 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=epg6zuyvuzg ), 
  is ireland a very large country formed by very diverse states or other political divisions ? 
   `` on the other hand , i have n't seen many articles about the nearly 45 % of americans who did n't vote . '', 
  do you expect to find that discussion in this sub ? 
  the country is called the `` united ** states ** of america '' , not the `` united people of america '' . 
  the usa is not a democracy , is a republic and you should learn the difference . 
  the electoral college was put in place to elect the president ( and the vice-president ) of the republic ; the people do not elect the president and it has been like that since the u.s. constitution was ratified in 1788 . 
  let 's pretend for argument sake that the eu becomes a federal union with a chief executive ( president , prime minister , czar at the head ) . 
  do you think that when it comes the time to determine how this person will be elected the 27 countries that presently constitute the eu ( i 'm excluding the uk ) will agree for a direct democracy ? 
  currently six countries ( germany , france , italy , spain , poland and romania ) have 70 percent of the population . 
  in a direct democracy , simple majorities will decide for the rest of the country and you could become head of state by being a strong regional candidate . 
  what incentive do you have to campaign in small countries ? 
  do you think small countries in the eu will ratify a constitution that put in place direct election for the chief executive ? 
  i doubt it . 
  and what 's your point ? 
  do you think i 'm just criticizing jut to criticize ? 
  france is not just another country and this election was on the front page all over the world because of what it means for the future of the european union . 
  the fact that a large number of citizens choose to stay out of the process or even went to the polls and deposited blanks or spoiled ballots is in my opinion a matter of concern . 
  but then you choose to excuse that because somebody else did worse ? 
  yes , that 's going to help ... 
  as much as i would like to sympathize with people 's frustrations , this is simply childish and irresponsible . 
  12 million people did n't show up to vote and four million more did but spoiled their ballots . 
  as a citizen , what do you accomplish with that ? 
  i 'm honestly an ignorant about french politics , so i 'll appreciate anyone that can explain this phenomenon ... 
  i think the `` far-right '' narrative is mostly a media creation . 
  i never understood how the rise of wilder in the netherlands could be seen as the country embracing the right when all the polls gave him at most 22 percent electoral support . 
  i get it , it 's a parliamentary democracy and in theory he could have formed a government in an alliance with another party ... but that still means that 78 percent of the country did not support you . 
  le pen never had a chance in france ; everybody knew that she would not get the support of those that did n't vote for macron in the first round . 
  even donald trump ca n't be considered a `` far-right '' candidate ; he 's not an ideologically conservative like ted cruz . 
  donald trump only believes in donald trump and `` winning '' ... whatever that means . 
  i would have liked to see this post back in november 8th of last year :  `` hi , ~ ~ americans ~ ~ europeans from / r/all . 
  be nice . 
  you can share your support for a specific candidate without being uncivil . 
  this is a very important day for ~ ~ france ~ ~ the usa ~ ~ and europe ~ ~ , and we would appreciate you being respectful of all parties involved when choosing to comment . 
  and , to our regular users : please try not to fall for the trolling . 
  there are many people in this thread pretending to be ~ ~ french ~ ~ americans and acting in poor form . 
  just report and move on . 
  do not give them the attention they are craving . 
  thank you and happy voting ! '', 
  no , [ you 're thinking of liechtenstein ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_haiti ) :  `` because the coat of arms is only used for national and military flags , whereas the civil flag consists solely of the two unaugmented horizontal bands , it was discovered at the 1936 berlin summer olympics that haiti and liechtenstein were using the same flag . 
  this led to the addition of a crown to the design of the flag of liechtenstein '' [ liechtenstein 's flag ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_liechtenstein#/media/file:flag_of_liechtenstein.svg ) [ haiti 's flag ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_haiti#/media/file:flag_of_haiti.svg ), 
   if you 've made it through this way too long writeup i did , this is very good and i think is really good that this change came out of it . 
  as i said , it 's very difficult from the outside to keep track of what 's going on over there because for the media apparently details like these are `` boring '' and do not generate headlines . 
  but this is why i remain an optimist regarding the future of integration in europe , even if le pen were to win in france there is a lot of good that has come out of it and there 's no going back on it . 
  true , but they could do that because the original 13 colonies that became the usa were very homogeneous , bound by a common language and culture ( and even then , a lot of compromises had to be made in order to make the whole thing work ) . 
  put it another way , there was an american people already when the usa came about . 
  i say that because it 's have been around in one form or another since 1958 , so i conclude that people like it . 
  that 's where all the energy should be directed : why are the biggest challenges not being addressed properly ? 
  when the refugee issue started a few years ago i kept reading about [ frontex ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/frontex ) and about its role in helping secure the borders . 
  so obviously somebody thought about this problem long time ago , and resources were put in place to deal with it . 
  apparently it did n't work as planned and instead we had angela merkel telling a bunch of people `` yeah , come on in '' and we 'll think about the consequences later . 
  as an outsider i 'm puzzled : what 's the problem preventing an effective response to these challenges ? 
  you 're a collection of developed countries , you had plenty of experience with securing territories ( even in far away places ) . 
  i think finding the answer to those questions and addressing them effectively would do more for europe as an ideal that simply marching around with eu flags . 
  you 're very right , it is a citizen initiative and more power to them . 
  me personally would go about it differently by trying to solve the actual challenges that are presenting themselves , not the imaginary one of there not being an european identity . 
  is there an identity crisis in europe ? 
  i mean , even without the eu did n't people see themselves as europeans even if they were very proud of their particular national identity ? 
  what is exactly the problem ? 
  do you want the average citizen of your country to feel as europeans as americans feel about their country ? 
  is that the goal here ? 
  i really want to know because as an outsider looking in i honestly feel that the eu has been very successful , but some people are not happy because is not perfect because the nation states are still around . 
  so what ? 
  i honestly do n't think that 's going to change and why should it ? 
  this looks to me like putting the cart before the horse ; the eu is a good idea , it has been around for decades now and it 's the most successful integration project of its kind . 
  but this idea of encouraging people to rally around a european identity seems forced imho , because if the eu is successful that in itself will bring people to that realization . 
  brexit , the economic problems in greece , the failure to deal effectively with waves of refugees just walking in exposed a lot of things that are not working as they should . 
  these things need to be addressed promptly and if this happens you 'll take away a lot of the energy of euroscepticism . 
  if you are just going to say `` europe and your a racist bigot if you do n't agree !, 
  '' , i do n't think you 're going to get far . 
  lucky for you , most people like the eu and what it has delivered so far . 
  sorry , but i think it would be 2,837 days because no ... `` most of us '' are not counting the days , only the partisans that voted for hillary , live on the coast and/or in large cities and do n't know anybody that voted for trump ... 
   it is still a big question what would have happened if japanese had joined the war agains su . 
  i 'm not sure they were able to advance to far beyond relatively non-important far east . 
  i think you got that right ; most of core russia today is on the european side of their enormous territory and i think it has always been that way . 
  so japan could have invaded the soviet union far east but they would only gain a large land mass that they would have to protect while at the same time fighting the americans . 
  the soviets forces could have easily manage them by focusing on their supply lines and starving them of resources ... so i doubt the japanese would have gone very far and i suspect they knew that as well .
