what the netherlands is doing is part of the solution , but it needs to be across the board . 
  every country in the eu needs to get onboard and do the same thing ; people are rational and these economic refugees are betting ( correctly ) that they 'll improve their livelihoods just by reaching europe . 
  but even if that were to happen , they will keep trying because ... what 's going to happen to them ? 
  well , they wo n't get food and shelter ... but they wo n't be send home either . 
  if i 'm an ambitious eritrean i still like my chances when the alternative is to stay home in a hellhole . 
  but if i know that i wo n't even make it to europe because of a nato armada in northern africa preventing me to do so , then the calculus change . 
  at this point , is anybody thinking about a nato military intervention in the countries where these refugees are coming from ? 
  it will cost money , but you are spending money anyway taking care of this problem . 
  it will cost lives , but people are dying trying to make this trip to europe anyway . 
  i 'm talking about a real military intervention , not the feel good nonsense that the un does now in countries like haiti . 
  something similar to what the u.s. did in japan at the end of wwii , with a modern macarthur laying down the law ( have you noticed how nice the japanese became after that ? ) . 
  i know this is not a perfect solution , but neither what you are doing right now . 
  it was not my intention to simplify a complex issue when i said that differences on country size and wealth were irrelevant ; i was just stating an obvious fact , that these differences were there from the beginning and all these diverse countries decided to go ahead anyway because they saw the benefits that the eu would provide . 
  now , about the complex nature of this organization it is complex and every country that decided to join should have been aware of that and that there would have to be compromises . 
  by the way , you left aside the fact that the council of the european union is the other half of the bicameral eu legislature and each country has equal representation ( 1 per member ) . 
  they share lawmaking powers and control over the budget with the parliament and they both have to agree for a law to pass . 
   any state can have an opinion . 
  but when mutually agreed upon obligations are not honored because the country happens to have voted against that particular measure and says because of that it does n't apply to them , that goes well into cherry-picking territory . 
  is that what we 're talking about here ? 
  it 's hard to get the context based on a picture and that 's all we have here . 
  i decided to look for more information and found [ this link ] ( http://budapestbeacon.com/featured-articles/lets-stop-brussels-new-national-consultation/45493 ) :  a new wave of `` national consultations '' began arriving in mailboxes across hungary on friday , which pose six questions to some 8 million eligible voters on a number of issues related to hungary 's relationship with the european union , or `` brussels '' as it 's referred to in the questionnaire . 
   the consultation , the latest in a series since the fidesz-government 's innovation of the concept in 2010 , purports to be a questionnaire on public opinion which the government uses in guiding policy decisions . 
  however , previous consultations have been criticized by social scientists and research experts for presenting misleading questions and being `` political mobilization concealed as public opinion research . ''  the latest consultation , titled `` let 's stop brussels ! '' , presents citizens with six questions regarding perceived interference in hungarian national affairs by the european union . 
  a translation of the six questions is below :  brussels is planning to take a dangerous step . 
  it wants to force the abolition of utility rate reduction on us . 
  what do you think hungary should do ? 
  ( a ) defend the utility rate reduction . 
  we should insist that the price of utilities must be determined in hungary . 
  ( b ) we should accept the plan of brussels and trust the large companies with fixing utility prices . 
  there 's more at the link and while i do n't know the source and who 's behind this publication , i ca n't find fault with this type of consultation . 
  again , this seems to be the usual policy discussions that you 're supposed to have in a democracy . 
  i do n't think the idea of the eu was that the people of europe would simply let the `` brussels '' decide everything and all the countries would have to just fall in line . 
   define ` equal ' . 
  ` equal ' in the sense of generally equal members of the union ? 
  of course . 
  equal in terms of population ? 
  hm ... there 's a bit of a different between , say , luxembourgh and spain , right ? 
  equal in terms of being net payers or net receivers ? 
  not really either , right ? 
  the differences regarding population size or who pays more or who pay less are ( or should be ) totally irrelevant because they were there from the beginning and yet the eu forged ahead anyway . 
  so equal means that country xyz has the same right to speak and debate policy matters as country abc no matter who 's richer/has more people/whatever . 
  yes , keep it up ... you 'll get a bunch of countries out of the eu with that attitude . 
  is know it all like you that will prevent something like a federal eu from happening ... 
  eu funds ? 
  i think you mean `` eu taxpayers funds '' . 
  keep that in mind and you will understand better those that complain about `` brussels '' . 
  i do n't know what they expect to get out of this . 
  if you voted for brexit it would confirm that you made the right choice , as the other side apparently is not willing to move on . 
  what next ? 
  stalking the british ? 
  leaving notes at the door with `` it 's s either me or no one else '' signed by `` eu '' ? 
  a few countries do not use the euro ( denmark and i think sweden among them ) ; those are policy disagreements that are par for the course in a functional democracy . 
  my understanding of this issue was the loss of sovereignty over certain issues was the main driver of brexit . 
  i do n't think that this is the start of the fall of the eu ( well ... 
  i 'm hoping with that 's the case ) . 
  i 'm not reflexively in favor or against the eu , but i think it 's a good idea and it 's been around for decades now . 
  i interpret that as an endorsement of the concept by the majority of the european public . 
  however , what i see is a tendency of the ruling class to want to have more power and ignore the institutions that are supposed to safeguard against excesses . 
  look at the way the situation with the syrian refugees was handled : * hundreds of thousands of people just walk in with no control whatsoever * the leader of one country ( angela merkel ) says she 's cool with that and everyone in europe has to help * in order to control the flow of refugees you need to deal with the dictator in turkey , who thinks he can demand whatever he likes from the eu with no consequences . 
  no matter where you stand on this issue there has to be a policy in place to address them that is supported by the people . 
  not everything can be predicted , and the fact that there was not an unified response points to deficiencies in the eu that need to be addressed before more countries decide to follow the uk and leave . 
  is the eu some sort of dictatorship ? 
  my understanding was that it was a free association between countries ( why include article 50 in the lisbon treaty if that was n't the case ? ) . 
  so the u.k. leaves , why the rancor ? 
  so everything that came before was fake and you never liked the british ? 
  because then it means that they were right to leave in the first place . 
  so the assumption is that the eu locomotive was pulling the uk ? 
   '' ... but saying that arming the population is the solution ... '' and who said that ? 
  read my post , i was responding to a comment about the nra . 
  i do n't like to get into this arguments about gun ownership because of how irrational/emotional people get about this issue . 
  but i 'll bite and let 's talk about this . 
  first of all , you 're quoting the new york times and their editorial line is notoriously anti-gun rights . 
  that 's fine with me , everyone has a right to their opinion but in the end is just that . 
  opinions . 
  i think the dialogue is more productive is we stick to the facts . 
  there is no relation between the level of violence and civilian gun ownership . 
  i do n't like to quote wikipedia , but it 's late here and these two links i 'm refer to next clearly prove the statement i just made : * [ list of countries by estimated number of guns per capita ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estimated_number_of_guns_per_capita_by_country ) * [ list of countries by intentional homicide rate ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate ) compare both lists in a logical and rational manner and tell me if you see a link . 
  you 'll see that in the first list you have the usa at the top , and close by you will find switzerland , serbia , cyprus , finland , sweden and france . 
  now , in what position do you find these countries in the second list ? 
  answer : not even in the top-ten . 
  now , every time i make this arguments i get an answer like `` oh , but how can you compare first world countries like the usa or switzerland with third world countries honduras or jamaica ? '' . 
  to which i answer `` why not ? '', 
  you 're theory is that guns are the problem , right ? 
  so it should n't matter the level economic development of the country . 
  just having guns around turn people into savage criminals , right ? 
  of course not , that would not be a logical argument . 
  but that 's the argument that a lot of people like to make . 
  now , even though i live in the usa i do n't own a gun . 
  it 's nice to know that if i feel the need to own one i could easily get it ... because i 'm not a criminal and do n't have a felony on my record . 
  but i do n't get emotional about the whole thing and do n't feel like i have to own one just because i can . 
  at the same time , due to conversations with people in this forum i can understand why a lot of people in europe do n't care about guns as well . 
  when you live in places where you can leave the front door unlock without fear of somebody breaking into your house not buying a gun is the rational answer . 
  but not everyone is that lucky and you ca n't pretend that people that live in different circumstances share your feelings about gun ownership . 
  if you do n't like gun because you have an irrational fear of them , well that 's fine too . 
  you 're entitled to your feelings . 
  but do n't pass them as rational argument . 
  [ speak for yourself ] ( http://www.shootinginprague.com/ ), 
   europe does n't have those kinds of problems [ of course not ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=altyhmrifgo ) ... question : [ is sweden in europe ? ], 
  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_grenade_attacks_in_sweden ), 
  and ?
