  well there you have it . 
  i snorted on the ice-cream i was eating . 
  what you call `` ugly communist architecture '' is a ( not necessarily extra ugly ) ussr version of the `` large cheap residential building '' archetype present in pretty much every part of the world , including ` murica . 
  moving towards welfare . 
  danes founded the capital . 
  i mean it 's literally called danish city , what else do you need . 
  also , danish territories in estonia 1219-1343/1573 -1645 . 
  `` golden age '' under swedish rule , 1558-1710 . 
  also , coastal swedes have lived here for a long-ass time . 
  they speak swedish , a north germanic language . 
  russian era 1721-1917 , soviet era 1940-1991 . 
  and throughout most of all these occupations ( especially the one by russian empire ) the real rulers of estonia were the local german nobility . 
  well it 's a unique aesthetic if anything . 
  i 'm a man and i require all those toys . 
  [ x ] flip off russia [ x ] become nordic [ ] europe 's top 5 richest [ ] ansip ascends to godhood, 
  the cold war is over , the terms `` first world '' and `` second world '' no longer apply . 
   russia or to some other muslim country i 'm sorry , what ? 
  do they not in lithuania then ? 
  no sikh community as far as i know . 
  have seen a couple of them in the past year . 
  charitable people with cool swords and fabulous turbans . 
  great , we 're identical . 
  estonian and english fluently , french alright and russian with flaws . 
  finland or germany ( in that order or preference ) . 
  cultural proximity + easy to learn the language . 
  add to that the baltic special arrangement in the livonian region which allowed it to be relatively left alone by russian central authorities from the great nordic war all the way to the start of russification around 1880s ( iirc ) . 
  `` friendly '' , he says . 
  same problem over here . 
  all the doctors either work in finland or just straight up move there . 
  it 's been pretty helpful in cutting our remaining trade/energy relations with russia as well . 
  easy , runescape . 
  been 11 years . 
  as far as i know no-one gives two shits about you being roma as long as you do n't come off as the stereotypical ( and hated ) roma , i.e. 
  take family car with 10 relatives in it to the city and beg/steal the day away . 
  how about no misleading titles , eh . 
  that 's exactly the thing . 
  opening up borders and being tolerant should n't be related in the public eye . 
  my country 's immigration policy is strict as hell and the general public is relatively xenophobic , and there should n't be a connection . 
  we could become more open in our minds without becoming more open in terms of borders . 
  i had deja-vu moments from cod campaign videos . 
  a * sensible comment * ? 
  mom , get the camera . 
  i retract that . 
  not sure what i meant myself . 
   and i have n't met any russian , who is n't aware how dire the situation right now is . 
  that 's a * really * poor argument . 
  edited first post for clarity . 
  not trying to fearmonger over here , sorry if it came out that way . 
  1 . who you calling friends . 
  putin steals from his people . 
  if he were safeguarding the interests of his people , he 'd stop waging wars with his neighbours and turning his country into an international pariah , subsequently destroying all foreign investment . 
  nobody wants to `` mess '' with russia because unlike you , the leaders of the world possess a thing called `` brains '' which tell them a nuclear war is a not a viable solution to international problems . 
  russia 's economy is collapsing and even belarus is kinda iffy about dealing with them . 
  they 're weaker than ever . 
  europe is democratic , richer than russia and more relevant than russia . 
  we 're divided because we like our democracy . 
  the general public is pretty stupid , so i would n't quote a high approval rating ( especially in a country that reeks of state-run propaganda ) as measure of good leadership . 
  you 're naive to think the americans and the cia are the only manipulative force out there . 
  get your head out of russian propaganda and step into the real world where we get our news from multiple differently-minded sources . 
  people who are worried about a military coup that 'll bring crazy trigger-happy fascists with a massive fucking nuclear arsenal on the throne of the biggest country in the world ? 
  yeah . 
  those people care . 
  edit : i 'm in no way saying that he has in fact been dethroned by crazy trigger-happy fascists . 
  i 'm just saying that the sheer possibility of it should keep everyone at least slightly concerned . 
  no fear-mongering was involved in the making of this post , 
  which is why he said de facto , not de jure . 
  't was a joke . 
  if you want the actual head of government , look up rain rosimannus . 
  not to take a political stance here or anything , but the article conveniently does n't seem to mention that these were european colonies/protectorates at the time , rather than independent countries . 
  they do . 
  they 're provided with the means to learn the language and subsequently become a citizen , and there 's the initiative of life getting substantially easier once you 've achieved even just the first . 
  it 's difficult to integrate though when you 're provided with a large russian-majority area along with russian schools and russian-language media ( the state runs both a tv and radio station in russian ) . 
  plus , having a `` grey passport '' like a lot of the unintegrated russians do , is better than having an eu or russian passport . 
  they effectively have free access to both with no major repercussions . 
  it 's not in the state 's interest to keep them unintegrated and comments about how segregationist or racist or fascist we are towards the local russians hit pretty heavily when you 're making a big god damn effort to manage the one-nation-state which just happens to be bilingual simply because some assholes decided to begin colonizing our territory with the aim of wiping us out 70 years ago . 
  you can kinda understand the bitter `` they do n't belong here/they do n't deserve to be here '' sentiment . 
  at this point continuing to argue seriously would be bad manners on my part since i ca n't be arsed to get actual statistics after 2am , but as far as stats-from-my-head go ... 
  the russian minority has a lower average income , has smaller social mobility , is largely restricted to two major russian areas ( the lasnam\u00e4e district in tallinn and the east-viru county ) , has higher crime rates , higher drug use , lower life expectancy . 
  there is noticeable prejudice and ethnicity-based racism between ethnic estonians and russians , as well as persisting historical grievances , closed-off clinging to the soviet memory on the russian part , a worrisome lack of drive to integrate into the estonian state and society etc. 
  it 's incredibly easy to recognize the unintegrated russians and there 's rather heavy prejudice against them . 
  without a non-white minority for relative scale , the russian minority more or less has the functions of a different-skin-colour minority . 
  whether or not we have a specifically * non-white * minority is irrelevant though . 
  we have a vast minority group of 25 % + , a majority of whom ( if i remember the numbers correctly ) do n't speak estonian and a substantial amount of them are n't estonian citizens and have no intention to become one . 
  69 % estonian . 
  i similarly could n't be arsed to start writing an essay to refute , it 's 3am . 
  yes , but when making an argument it has to hold . 
  i agree that `` problem regions under a dictator are much more stable than any attempts at democracy '' is a flawed statement . 
  however , disproving it with your example similarly does n't * quite * work , because it leaves out many important factors , beginning with the unique socio-political structure of every single country ( which is also the reason that sweeping statements such as the one you 're refuting do n't work ) . 
  so i 'm not so much arguing against you as i 'm saying that your argumentation could use some work ( e.g. 
  dividing countries into dictatorships and non-dictatorships is n't capable of grasping the complexity of the authoritarian-to-democratic scale ) . 
  may have expressed my point a bit crudely , sorry for that . 
  this argument is completely useless . 
  whether a country is a de jure dictatorship or a de facto maybe-dictatorship ( which in itself are flawed and incomplete distinctions with no regard to the more specific political structure of the states in question ) is barely half a factor in their success as a state . 
  there are * so * many other things you have to take into account when deciding on a question as wide as `` is dictatorship good for a problematic region '' . 
  goodness me , even * our * highest peak is higher . 
  give this man a mountain . 
  i feel that 's more because both fn and the new ruling party of poland are perceived as far-righters ( do n't want to straight up call them far-right , have n't done any reading into polish politics ) and far-righters tend to have a bit of a lousy reputation . 
  possibly because of one certain big war . 
  whereas moderate right-wing parties gaining power raise no `` omg apocalypse '' reactions , as far as i can tell . 
   * i have kind have given up * yes , seems legit .
