  actually , putin 's propaganda is * very * heavily geared towards affecting people inside russia , the ones who live in an information bubble filled entirely by russian state-sponsored channels . 
  the ridiculous statements and outright lies that lavrov tends to pull are n't meant to `` fool a sensible person '' . 
  they 're just directed at people who only ever get lavrov on their news talking about world politics and do n't know any better . 
  the correct term is actually sovietphobic . 
  it does pose the danger of ukraine starting to lose substantial amounts of their population to westward migration . 
  what with the war and poverty . 
  i see we 're having the edgy friday . 
  indeed . 
  it just seems like a waste that the leader of one of the world 's leading powers ( giving him the power of suggesting world policy trends ) which coincidentally happens to have quite a pacifistic constitution would rather adapt to other countries ' not-so-pacifist ways than make a slow effort to try and convince the rest of the world to follow japan 's example . 
  that 's basically an overdramatization of every country with an obligatory conscription ( e.g. 
  my own ) . 
  woah , how did `` highschool graduates '' turn into `` inmates '' ? 
  only if it 's 20 months ( holy shit , seriously ) . 
  if it were 100 % filled with activity and learning ( i.e. 
  fit all of it into like 3-5 months ) instead of just sitting on your ass doing nothing for half a year and then maybe doing something cool like firing a mortar a couple times , it 'd be a stellar concept . 
  no-one cares and no-one calls themselves atheist . 
  the most common answer to the religious affiliation poll question is `` i do n't know/care '' . 
  and good god do not buy ready-made garlic bread from the store . 
  oceanian island states and the row of tiny caribbean islands are a death trap for me . 
  africa is a walk in the park in comparison . 
  the fuck 's a balkic . 
  97 % , accidentally placed pristina in montenegro . 
  shame on my family . 
  woop-dee-doo , i found a reasonable comment . 
  where 's the camera . 
  * wwii eastern front soldiers who do n't value human life , that 's pretty unsurprising, 
  being locked on a small island is fine by me . 
  population density has me a bit worried though . 
  and their internet is fine as far as i know . 
  he 's gotten to where he is by democratic means and he still rules by democratic means . 
  sadly the democracy that took him there has given him the ability to un-democraticize said democracy . 
  as said by kabav , it 's a flawed democracy . 
  definitely parliamentary . 
  i do n't like the idea of giving one person as much power as a presidential system would require . 
  probably due to our political culture there are n't any politicians imo who could lead ( sort of ) alone instead of as a part of a group . 
  and having a group lead you instead of one person is kind of a guarantee that when one candidate turns out to have had a really good pr team for the election and is really a moron , there will be other , more competent people leading the country to balance out said person . 
  i do n't think decisivness is a good thing ( again , due to local political culture most likely ) . 
  leaders make complex and important decisions . 
  they * should * be made after careful planning and analyzing , not in a hurry . 
  complicated compromises are a natural part of politics . 
  the population is never in full favour of one agenda so why should the one agenda with slightly more supporters than the others get to go through with reforms that they alone constructed to the last detail . 
  a local friend will most certainly help quite a lot . 
  i 'll admit i do n't know all too much about them but here 's what i 've got . 
  sweden is a social-democrat welfare paradise , the biggest of the nordics . 
  rather mountainous in some parts and has a pretty nature . 
  language is north germanic with sufficient similarities to english to be moderately easy to learn . 
  it 's rich and the people are generally rich ( not as ridiculously rich as norwegians though ) . 
  education is free ( last i checked ) . 
  denmark has the least nordic climate , it 's flat , there is n't much nature to look at ( where wildlife is concerned at least ) and they 're kind of the odd ball out in europe with internal security that could one-up america and not much political correctness judging by every single news headline ever concerning denmark . 
  we have some really old permanent settlements ( by european standards ) but yes , when it comes to architecture , the furthest we go is roughly around 11th century , we ai n't rome . 
  what with there being no real central authority and the crusaders sweeping over anything that had been built . 
  i was simply refuting your seeming claim that we call 100-year-old sights `` old '' and have mainly soviet mass dormitories to show for architecture outside the capitals . 
  it 's also kinda similar in style to the coat of arms of moscow ( and muscovy , half a millenium ago ) . 
  * might * have something to do with that . 
  if you want to actually learn the local language then from what i 've heard the netherlands are simultaneously the best and the worst . 
  the language is really close to english but pretty much everyone speaks english and does n't even bother to help you practice your dutch . 
  do n't go panic-mode with it . 
  when they say it 's easiest to learn a language young , the `` young '' stands for toddlers . 
  it 's pretty much the same for everyone else , discounting the truely elderly . 
  once you 've actually decided and set in stone which university you 're going to , dedicate a couple months to learning the basics of the language you 're going to be using and once you 're there , it 'll probably take a year ( max ) to get fully acquainted with the conversational language . 
  from there it 's a matter of raw book-learning to get the in-depth grammar and style stuff . 
  no problem at all . 
  if you 're not even in high-school yet , i 'd suggest you take it easy for now . 
  if my personal experience says anything , it 's that you 'll reconsider your higher education choices around a couple dozen times during your time in highschool . 
  you might even reconsider it once you 're already * in * university ( as i did ) . 
  and , once again from personal experience , learning a wide variety of languages does something to your brain . 
  kind of expands it to accept different forms of culture and information . 
  ca n't explain it but it 's a cool thing . 
  i 've had to learn 4 languages since primary school and i ca n't say it was anything but an awesome experience . 
  it 's flat and big and consequently the only area of ( somewhat ) dense population is the very southern region with helsinki and others . 
  the country and the people are moderately well-off ( they never boast with wealth though , from what i know ) and it follows the nordic welfare model . 
  if you do n't already know finnish/estonian or some of the smaller related languages in russia , it 's a difficult ( more so than russian ) language to learn because it 's not in the indo-european language group . 
  the climate is predictably nordic ( coastal areas are milder ) and gets colder the further north you go . 
  the northern areas are straight-up arctic tundra . 
  education is technically free as far as i know but it 's complicated . 
  do some research into it . 
  the best comparison i can think of is it 's like a tiny european canada , plus a weird language . 
  finland is nowhere near `` like russia '' but it 's a neat place . 
  as far as russia goes , you ca n't really get the `` i 'm in russia '' feel anywhere but russia . 
   estonia , latvia , and even finland all fit that description outside of a few cities that can be counted on one hand : tallinn , helsinki , riga , turku . 
  you simply named the only 4 cities you know off the top of your head , did n't you . 
  cause there 's butt-tons of old-ass cities aside from tallinn in estonia . 
  tallinn 's simply the most well-known one cause `` a whole magical city district from the ~ 14th century , come visit !!!, 
  - generic tourism agency '' . 
  have you heard of narva , tartu , rakvere , haapsalu , kuressaare ( off the top of * my * head ) ? 
  cause they 're pretty fucking old with some old shit in them , like entire fortresses and stuff . 
  old buildings yo . 
  old . 
  * old * . 
  lol 100 year old buildings , my apartment complex is like 80yo and is regarded as `` recently built '', 
  you have to get a visa as far as i know . 
  what i mean is that you ca n't just waltz in as you would into , for example , france or germany . 
  do n't worry about the languages . 
  being in an environment that uses the language you 're trying to learn eases the learning progress tremendously . 
  also , * not * speaking at least 3 languages is generally seen as weird in most parts of europe : if a whole continent can do it , so can you . 
  no , it is not , as far as european union is concerned . 
  you ca n't go there with your european passport . 
  island country with amazing weather , cool nature , cool architecture , cool history and free english universities . 
  is there anything * not * perfect about malta ? 
  cause i feel like moving .
