  irony hour : pm 's surname translates into `` garment '' . 
  you have it worse than us anyway but the news that we 're gon na have to let in like 1300 immigrants per year basically resulted in `` omg we 're gon na be a minority in our country by 2020 '' . 
  lil brother comin ' in like what up i got better grades . 
  am i looking at the police or an unidentified private army in the middle of a city ? 
  tallinn ( city of stables , danish town , winter city and farmville are possible meanings of the name ) was first mentioned by a cartographer from the almoravid ( moroccan ) sultanate in 1154 under the name of qlwn/qalaven . 
  the russians called it kolyvan aka big red castle ( original maegor 's keep yo ) , possibly referring to the local mythical hero kalev . 
  other historical names include lindanisa/lyndanisse/lindan \u00e4s / ledenets , kesoniemi and reval/revelia/r \u00e4\u00e4veli / rafala/revala/r \u00e4vala . 
  traces of human settlement are 5000 years old ( `` old-ass settlement ` round these parts '' will do ) . 
  it became an important target for christians during the northern crusade due to its location as a trading port . 
  the danes first took the city in 1219 , followed later by the teutonic order , sweden and russia , before becoming the capital of independent estonia . 
  in 1285 it became a member of the hanseatic league . 
  it stood on the crossroads of trade between the west and east and was heavily fortified . 
  the st olaf 's church in tallinn is considered to have been the highest building in the world in 1549-1625 . 
   if anyone is looking for a dispassionate , dry analysis of an `` objective expert '' on the presidential elections in the north cyprus , they should look somewhere else . 
  ooh , honesty . 
  bring the swedish intern in here . 
  bronze night was kind of a one-time-thing . 
  it was largely fueled by the removal of the statue and certain agitators funded by a certain neighbour . 
  from there it evolved into your typical mass riot . 
  looting , burning , couple people die , you know the drill . 
  other than that there is n't really any * serious * tension . 
  there 's the ethnic jokes and insults , used only after carefully examining your premises , and the sad fact that russians are generally poorer and the names you hear in criminal news are mostly russian . 
  [ ` sup , chirilova ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xgcsv-y-mc ), 
  well on the bright side we could probably support a small city with the pun energy . 
  perhaps even an administrative republic . 
  i 'm more worried now if anything . 
  seems a bit too paranoid . 
  so e.g. 
  no satirical comics about the queen ? 
  sounds kind of alarming . 
  21yo upper-middle class man from sudan , according to himself . 
  kind of disappointed that we 're not doing the same . 
  i read about sturgeon a couple days ago at most . 
  my name memory is n't the greatest . 
  i know there 's nigel farage ( no thanks ) , the welsh party ( sinn fein ? 
  with whatstheirface in charge ) , ed miliband in labour , nick clegg in something and some woman in scottish national . 
  i do n't really know much beyond the names ( and i do n't even know all of those for sure , as evident ) but i 'd probably go with miliband or clegg based on my own political leanings . 
  the fact that the burning is n't on tape is pretty sketchy too . 
  and that you do n't actually see them nailing the hands to the cross , only get a glimpse once they 're done with it . 
  europe has unclear boundaries and i believe so does the sub . 
  things we discuss or post have to relate to someone 's definition of europe , be it political , cultural or geological . 
  i keep the bulk of 5c , 2c and 1c coins in a jar and a smaller amount in my wallet . 
  purchases tend to add up to x euros and some obscure amount of cents , e.g. 
  then it 's nice to pay the cashier the 3 ( or 13 ) cents so that they do n't have to give you back a fuckton of small change . 
  the article says the specific let 's do it campaign started in estonia , not that estonia was the one to start the very first major cleaning project of the world . 
  relax , fellas . 
  what about us . 
  estxit and estoxit both sound horrible . 
  `` elite school '' entrance tests to 1st grade are hardly a new thing , i passed one in tallinn french school 12 years ago . 
  and surely all schools have entrance tests for high-school ? 
  look at it for too long and you 'll go into emotionactic shock . 
  it 's rt , take it with a massive grain of salt . 
  * we do appear pretty unfriendly . 
  it 's a culture thing , relax gringo . 
  * strangers do n't converse unless drunk . 
  * we 're totally not ... what 's the word ? 
  slow . 
  * we 're not actually obsessed with being nordic . 
  our national pr team is more hardcore . 
  the children of those with grey passports will be automatically naturalized , starting in 2016 , if i remember correctly . 
   between the three of them they have a population of 6.2 millions ( larger than finland or norway ) finland and norway have * way * higher gdp per capita than us . 
   they have a gdp per capita higher than most of south america south america has a hell of a lot more people than us . 
  you have to look at those 2 elements together . 
  or continue to look at them separately , if you wish to ignore logic and abuse data in order to support of your argument . 
  also , look at some proper data and make your own conclusions : 2015 spanish military expenditure : 0.6 % of gdp 2015 estonian military expenditure : 2.05 % of gdp, 
  well they were specifically designed to look cool and intimidating . 
  i live 10 kilometers from the capital so probably start looking for a casket . 
  really low support for legalization over here as far as i know . 
  our drug problem is one of worst in eu ( if not * the * worst ) . 
  no , the point of democracy is that everyone gets represented , no matter what . 
  that means idiots get to vote as well . 
  restricting idiots from voting by means of a test is not the way to go but including more politics-related classes in schools is . 
  and as others have mentioned , the test itself really just would n't work out . 
  no , it 's not . 
  in cold war , instead of 2 participants being in direct armed conflict with each other , they fuel their ideological counterparts ( and thus potential allies , should they win whatever war they were waging ) in third countries , often in a civil war . 
  that 's the military action i mentioned in my comment which is lacking . 
  usa and china are n't directly supporting opposing combatants in any conflict , at least as far as we know . 
  i do n't know many such people because it happens to be an illegal group that would n't obviously go out blaring `` hi i 'm here illegally , what 's up '' . 
  and those problems just the same have n't stopped immigrants . 
  far fetched example , but illegal mexicans in the usa are n't exactly free of all those problems either , so why should they be in europe . 
  the cold war was a specific war that ended with the collapse of the ussr . 
  you might call the sort-of-proxy-war-but-not-really between the usa/eu and russia in ukraine the continuation of cold war but given the rather different nature of the conflict in ukraine compared to the average cold war proxy war , it 's more accurate to call it cold war 2 or something . 
  i hope you 're not actually suggesting there 's a cold war between the usa and china because there is n't . 
  there may be an economic `` war '' and a diplomatic influence `` war '' but there 's no military action happening between the two main participants . 
  the fact that you have a large authoritarian state with an aggressive foreign policy next door does n't mean your only reasonable way of action is to abandon your pacifict ways and create an army to protect from said nation . 
  not to mention that china does n't really pose a military threat to japan as much as they pose a diplomatic/economic threat , which japan ca n't really counter with or without a stronger army . 
  japan * could * , instead of making the current changes , retain their pacifist principles and focus , as a major regional and world power , on diplomatically enforcing their pacifist principles on china and the rest of the region ( and taking into account their alignment to the west and economic power , their influence has weight ) . 
  meanwhile the money they 'd be pouring into the military could stay where it is right now . 
  true , but as we know , that has n't really deterred too many people . 
  ca n't speak for every country named by shill_nye but here , of all the variations of foreign power ruling over our land , the hate is directed at soviet occupation almost exlusively . 
  regarding russians , a hefty bunch of stuff , seeing they make up at least 25 % of the population . 
  about the v\u00f5ros / setos/others though , not an awful lot . 
  they 've got funky languages and a big singing tradition , setos have their sweet silver jewellery . 
  well , consider me slightly more worried than before . 
  well it had n't been created in 1915 so . 
  declared independence , did pretty well in the economic part , fucked up in ww2 ( i still think we should 've put up at least * some * kind of a fight ) , got fucked over for the next 50 years , lucked out in 1989-1991 , been doing pretty good eversince . 
  one does not simply mention bandera on the internet . 
  go-go , southern brother !, 
  it was n't * incredibly * nationalistic in the usual sense of the word , ussr did display appreciation towards local cultures , celebrating folk culture and whatnot but that was generally meant to fuel the propaganda that all these nations would live in peace under great soviet flag ( yada-yada , insert more generic communist propaganda ) . 
  in its core ussr was definitely russian above anything else though .
