  found him then , thanks, 
  i ca n't listen to trad on the radio or from a cd or anything but experiencing it live is some craic alright, 
  what 's a munster ? 
  decent place kicker too https://youtu.be/i4svxzr5d5s, 
  just read that he is joining montpellier . 
  between himself and lobzhanidize at brive , georgian scrumhalfs are the new georgian props that all top 14 sides are after, 
  not at all a fan of leo ... 
  ... but do n't see the issue here ? 
  that 's a good , fair and informative post . 
  without sounding pretentious though , i just find listening to recording of trad loses so much of its magic and it does n't have much appeal to me . 
  but i understand that there are many different subgenres that may translate better . 
  fine sale - fine !, 
  connacht will reluctantly take aj back west so if ye looking to get rid of him ... 
  ... plz ... 
  4am is a choon, 
  peak ireland, 
  thought marty was a banner man ? 
  big bag of cans with the lads, 
  less than 10 % of the population are ginger . 
  50.09 % of the population are female . 
  they do in italy, 
  5 % you mean, 
  andy serkis as gollum ( lotr / hobbit ), 
  bob odenkirk as saul goodman ( bb/better call saul ), 
  ardal o'hanlon as fr dougal maguire ( fr ted ), 
  i do n't quite get what you mean by `` natural progression '' - i mean there was no natural progression between wtf and coe . 
  um yes , so you actually agree with me ... 0_o, 
  exactly . 
  if anyone is old enough to remember the backlash from alot of fans to coe at the time - was pretty intense at the start, 
  right - well then every album was a `` natural progression '' because they always make the music they want, 
  i love tim, 
  i love ghd musical, 
  i love this song, 
  but i 'm not crazy on this performance tbh, 
  he is going to be ulsters scrumhalf , why would n't you want him to be able make the step up ? 
  ya you see we are actually agreeing with each other ... 
  trueamericcan said they wished they had kept the `` natural progression '' going from the coe sound . 
  i mentioned that there was no real `` natural progression '' from wtf to coe in the first place , so this idea of there being a `` natural progression '' does n't really make much sense . 
  they make the music they want, 
  how is that cooneys fault ? 
  haha true . 
  marshall is rather frustrating to watch . 
  and llyod looks a decent prospect - surprised ye let him go, 
  yup, 
  i 'm a massive toh fanboy but conway is showing the potential he showed at underage level . 
  it 's pretty exciting having all these players in the irish setup, 
  itoje is going to be needed to come on at 6 when nz inevitably spear tackle pom / s, 
  he 'll be back to do the rounds off late late show , ray d'arcy show etc, 
  wish him the best in his retirement, 
  it 's the hope that will kill ya, 
  cool , did n't know they were still making ps2 games, 
  lipstick ca n't melt steel beams, 
  winner gets a contract under pat lams bristol, 
  [ irish president michael d higgins at bob dylan gig 1984 ], 
  ( https://rsvpmagazine.ie/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/36rgq3adbtgy.jpg ), 
  how did shane o'leary get on ? 
  ya i 'd agree - when gloves pape video was used without credit ( think they even edited out his watermark ) i was pissed - but like these memes have been used all during the lions tour and very simple to make, 
  planets and acid rain would not be out of place on the stage, 
  if the op liked the stage , i would definitely recommend listening to those two tracks, 
  love the riff for plug in baby, 
  i love ghosts music but it 's a shame that the lead singer is a fucking bollocks, 
  `` when backs ruck '', 
  something something bermuda try-angle, 
  one of my favorite players - shame ferris and himself did n't get to play as much together as they should have . 
  also , i always think iain henderson looks a bit like a healthy pete doherty . 
  well , other way around, 
  they do . . 
  is n't that the whole point of the lions ? 
  nah i like awj , it 's just a shame he not playing as well as he is capable off though, 
  skeffs and quays i think are showing it, 
  then do n't be that guy, 
  tlw my favorite sequel - worst scene is the daughter doing the gymnastics to kill the raptor . 
  even as a child i found it cringey, 
  least favorite is jw - favorite scene is the motorbike chase, 
  in a world of shit deathbat tattoos it is always cool when you see a good one - fecking savage, 
  impressive mental gymnastics there to justify a murder, 
  malaguena salarose did n't either . . 
  put the tin foil away lads ha, 
  [ i 'm going off this image ? 
  ] ( http://assets.blabbermouth.net.s3.amazonaws.com/media/avengedsevenfoldmalaguena.jpg ), 
  think the whole point of the covers is that they 're not doing traditional metal covers, 
  i did . 
  if you think this is justified then there is zero point continuing this, 
   reported him, 
  hmmm, 
  people with no tact often use the `` im just being honest '' tag, 
  nowell , watson and daly could all play 15 , but you 'd imagine it be halfpenny alright . 
  payne , henshaw and hogg would have been other options if available, 
  in galway get the citylink out to clifden/letterfrack - climb the diamond . 
  it is a mountain but more of a walk than a climb as has a path and you get a deadly view of connemara from the top . 
  there are a few buses back to galway throughout the day from letterfrack so you wo n't be stranded, 
  thought he has done alright in the midweek games - nothing like his form in australia last season mind, 
  sinkler to come on and get red carded within 5 minutes, 
  scotland would have players in the test side, 
  so there are 6 pools in the challenge cup - be great if one spot was kept for league winners off :, 
  georgia, 
  romania, 
  spain, 
  germany, 
  yes 5 sorry , was thinking 6 did n't sound right .
