  that the one where johnny may jumped into the tackler ? 
  hate to say it , but geordan murphy is the michael owen of rugby co-commentatoring . . 
  so monotone . . 
  on the director 's commentary , grrm said he wrote a scene for calling of the banners which would have blown all of season 1s budget, 
  dylan moran is a fecking genius, 
  oh i know , his set monster is probably the greatest comedy dvd i own, 
  well graham was only involved in season 1 really - but yeah he deserves a mention, 
  how dare you bring up graham lenihens work and not mention fr ted . 
  party foul !!, 
  irish war of independence merging into the irish civil war . 
  a 13 episode mini series should cover it, 
  has murray been on tv3 yet ? 
  aye , or even as a co-commentator i 'd imagine he be very good . 
  especially for the french games , he knows the top14 very well, 
  that 's hardly fair on uruguay though with them having to face wales then fiji . . 
  do n't disagree with that tbh, 
  save the tinfoil for the sandwiches dude, 
  keep reading , or audio books . 
  i 'm currently on asos on audiobooks , red wedding just occurred !, 
  it different from the show but so heartbreaking in its own right . . 
  germany played connacht eagles ( connacht academy basically ) ... connacht hockeyed them . . 
  they have a long way to go , but the more competitive nations there are the better for the sport, 
  right call to go for win and lineout . 
  wrong call to go to front of lineout . 
  wales were n't competing so they could have gone to centre of lineout and protected maul better . . 
  i was shocked , i briefly forgot what show i was watching and thought the galant oberyn would avenge his sister and save the dwarf . . fnck me i was wrong . . 
  i love me a theon/reek thread . 
  he is such fascinating character - infact theon is one of my favourite characters in the show . 
  he has basically been a prisoner his whole life . . 
  easy to say he `` betrayed '' the starks but got ta remember he was captive and had been taken away from his family as a child . 
  i know the starks were good to him , and throughout the show they are seen as the moral compass , but he was still their prisoner . . 
  he went home to pyke with the best intentions to help robb ( get the ironborn to attack casterly rock ) and help his family - he negotiated for his father to be given the title of king of the iron islands, 
  his family were bitter towards him so he tried to be someone he was n't to satisfy them ( he even wrote out a letter to rob warning the ironborn would attack the north but burnt it as he wanted his families acceptance ), 
  while not `` owing '' anything to the starks - rob was his friend , and admittedly he betrayed that friendship . . 
  i mean , look at him , he is known as a good lover , a good archer ( remember he saves bran 's life from the wildlings in season 1 ) and is so proud of his name as lord theon . 
  so what happens to him ? 
  ramsay castrates him ( no more banging ) , flays his fingers ( ca n't use his bow ) and renames him reek . 
  hopefully theon will get to kill `` the hornblower '', 
  possibly my favorite scene : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5eyjin4r18&amp;feature=player_embedded, 
  drive :(, 
  when driving and the feeling that you are in control of this powerful machine - i just tense up . . 
  pain in the hole, 
  manners , say thanks gettin of the bus to the driver, 
  i always support northern hemisphere teams , succession of my support for them teams :, 
  ireland ( my own country ), 
  italy ( harmless enough , great fans at zebre who are trying grow the game so soft spot ), 
  scotland ( great fans at glasgow ), 
  england ( great experience with gloucester and exeter fans ), 
  france / wales - ( much of a muchness , i 'd consider wales ireland 's main rival , but france are our bogey team ), 
  if any of them teams are playing one of the big 3 southern hemisphere teams ( nz , aus , sa ) i 'll support the european side . 
  if any of them are playing a `` minow nation '' i will of course go for the underdog , as that is what the rwc is all about ( except for italy , who i feel the sport there ca n't afford to loose to a tier 2 nation ) . 
  if they playing argentina - in a pool game i 'd support argies ( unless against ireland , italy or scotland ) but in knock out game i 'd side with the team from 6 nations . . 
  as an aside : if you hav n't seen matilda the musical yet - go see it you maggots, 
  that was brilliant . 
  only thing i disagree with is that they believe theon will use his archery skills again . 
  i believe grrm made an intended decision to show theon as someone who loved to bang , loved to use his bow and arrow and was proud of his name and status . 
  ramsay 's torture consisted of him removing all these things : his lad , his fingers and his name . 
  a film focusing specifically on theon would be brilliant ... be almost macbeth-esque in its tragedy . . 
  but i 'm biased as he is my favourite character . . 
  `` lost two fingers off his left hand and the pinky off his right '', 
  so yes , while most likely he can still use his bow - he was once a brilliant archer and he took great pride in that ( ie , saving bran ) . 
  no way he will be as good with his injuries . . 
  yes , you make good point . 
  be hard to hold long bow with middle finger , pinky and thumb - but yes , it is possible . . 
  i just always thought of ramsay 's torture being taking everything that once identified theon greyjoy , from his archery skills to his smile that he has destroyed with the hammer . 
  hopefully i 'm wrong , i would love for him to stick an arrow in ramsay :d, 
  is there any way they could affiliate with mls clubs ? 
  real madrid have a very successful basketball team , so do n't see why san jose earthquakes could n't have a rugby team . . ? 
  the english . 
  great bunch of lads, 
  it 's cool , but i can see why the band were n't happy with how it turned out and decided to release a live video instead, 
  i really miss the bugle, 
  officially no , it still going , was meant to be a monthly podcast rather than weekly due to john oliver 's workload with his last week tonight show on hbo . . 
  i 've been meaning to make a bugle montage of all their rugby stories - including blood gate ( with andy 's beloved quins ) , rog with hands in pocket meeting the british queen , and the league player who lost a testicle in a match and played on . . 
  yes , i like lancaster and the real rugby fans in england are great people ... feel for them, 
  however the people in twickenham tonight who were booing ? 
  nah , no sympathy for them people, 
  `` always '', 
    heart breaks < <, 
  in the show , prince oberyn is pretty badass, 
  favaro was very good , and sarto is a good winger . 
  surprised zanni did n't start, 
  slept on my stomach with my arm under me so it was numb when i woke up , was kinda disorientated and got fright cause my hand was beside my face - but it was that weird `` my face can feel my hand '' but `` my hand ca n't feel my face '' . . 
  so i did n't know if it was someone else 's hand . . 
  so i did what anyone would do : i bit my finger ... hard . . 
  highborn / nobel people can, 
  smallfolk do n't have the right to a trial by combat, 
  the mountain would be able to call for a trial by combat because he was a knight ( and house clegane is seen as a nobel ), 
  yes that 's the word i was looking for , point is they not smallfolk so gregor would be able call for trial by combat if he ever brought to account for his atrocities, 
  `` fewer '', 
  yup he did , deservedly so . . only problem with henderson over toner is our maul is a lameduck . . no surprise improved dramatically when toner came on . . 
  balon dying ? 
  `` at its height , the sandwich was so ubiquitous that a song about it by comedian pat shortt was for six weeks the top song in ireland , bumping shakira 's `` hips do n't lie '' off the charts . '', 
  when you see it written down ya kinda realise how odd a little nation we are ha, 
  i love dara o'briain bit on a french person witnessing an irish man ask for beans in their beloved baguette, 
  my family words are `` it will be given to the persevering '', 
  what `` it '' is i 'm not sure 0_o, 
  muse for the craic, 
  yara will be in it for sure, 
  irish legend sarto,
