  vigilantes are a recipe for disaster, 
  you say that like it 's a bad thing - was amazing, 
  maybe montpellier away come under the `` zebre clause '' ie : so bad , good tries do n't count, 
  that meant be a reply to u/drusslegend, 
  you old romantic you, 
  you should expand your pallet, 
  people said same about the song nightmare . . after a while it 'll all balance out and you 'll be able listen whole way through, 
   insert goalkeeper having a `` nightmare '' joke here <, 
  lips of decieit is a gem, 
  hopefully a munster v connacht 1/4 final coming up, 
  pack :, 
  mcgrath , best , cole , itoje , johnny gray , stander , haskell , vuinipola, 
  backline :, 
  murray , sexton , watson , farrell ( c ) , henshaw , liam williams , hogg, 
  o'driscolls try vs australia in 1st test, 
  so are players likeucian healy and leavy but we do n't see him going to another province :(, 
  tad confused . 
  the `` big weekends '' are 15 april ( con v len and munster v ulster ) and 6th may ( munster v connacht and ulster v leinster ) . 
  the weekend you 're on about has con v scarlets and leinster v glasgow in ireland , ulster and munster playing treviso and ospreys respectively - dates should be announced soon during 6ns, 
  maybe . 
  maybe not . 
  i think he 'd be an excellent captain, 
  that must have been terrifying for him, 
  going by the people i know in northern ireland , they see themselves as northern irish rather than irish or british . 
  in that case , an independent country that still part of commonwealth would be ideal solution . 
  i do n't think they would be sustainable though is only issue . 
  while part of me wants a unites ireland , it should be down to the people living there . 
  i mean , it 'd be a bit hypocritical of people to be advocating an independent scotland while on the other hand claiming northern ireland as our own against her will . 
  nah be much easier to get tickets in 18,000 rds than the 6,000 / 7,000 sportsground, 
  ca n't believe * scotland did n't go for aly muldowney , lad deserves international caps . 
  hopefully he gets on barbarians tour, 
  * well like obviously i can believe it ha, 
  you 're a lucky individual if this is all you 've to be pissed about , 
  just out of curiosity , are you pro an independent scotland ? 
  the song or the album ? 
  i know was tongue in cheek really - it 's a pretty strong scottish squad, 
  animal, 
  gloucester lol, 
  you do n't see the hypocrisy of people in republic of ireland claiming ni regardless what they want while at same time demanding an independent scotland ? 
  craggy island rugby podcast - predominantly connacht rugby, 
  if people in ni voted to leave the uk but be an independent country rather than join the republic would you support it or still demand a united ireland ? 
  they would n't want to stay `` english '' - they 'd want to be northern irish . 
  you 're beginning to sound like a unionist by claiming territories, 
  nah , ronaldson must be 12 if connacht are to have any hope , and i say that as a robb fan . 
  :( was hoping he 'd be connacht bound, 
  for all that is good , please do n't try make henrose a thing, 
  i 'm going to get sick into my own face, 
  had read the book and it disturbed the fuck outa me , i was actually scared to watch the movie . 
  it was filmed really well though, 
  the second carry on bag is meant to go under the seat in front of you - amount of people who store both overhead and then moan that plane is delayed as other people ca n't fit their bag anywhere . 
  common sense is n't very common unfortunately, 
  being fluent in irish should be reward enough surely . 
  why prostitute the language ? 
  remember when gordon brown first met obama , he brought him loads of fancy presents and obama gave brown a few dvds . 
  that is what brexit reminds me off, 
  he 's never heard of that either, 
  henshaw would hate the media side of being irish captain . 
  murray or heaslip for me . 
  i do n't know if jack mcgrath or toner are captain material, 
  time to call a halt to embarrassing articles giving out about irelands call, 
  was it not clare county council ? 
  hahaha get over yourself and your idea of internet points correlating to freedom of speech, 
  how is `` down voting '' censorship ? 
  called empathy, 
  raw ? 
  try some of stst for raw , 
  that 's a good point - while i still feel uncomfortable that ireland is seemingly enabling the executive order it 's a good point you made that might help the individuals affected in the mid term, 
  grow up, 
  wales is the team i most want to beat every 6 nations, 
  shame, 
  it is actually the pro 12 's fault, 
  ha , try r/ireland op - every second post is a fr.ted reference, 
  it 's not really a piss take at our expense . 
  the characters are set on a fictional island of ireland - where they are all obviously exaggerated . 
  when you meet any characters from `` mainland '' ireland they are all pretty normal, 
  fawlty towers . 
  black books . 
  fr ted . 
  so many good comedies with `` laugh tracks '' ( as in filmed in front of live audience ), 
  kinda pathetic to instantly dismiss something over it tbh, 
  leg disabled, 
  i 'd have bealham as a better scrumager than ryan - but that could well be my connacht bias . 
  ryan is the most improved player in ireland - himself and billy holland have been revelations, 
  you would n't send it to the policemans grieving widow ? 
  how much did germany get for their win over romania ? 
  nah , even blindfolded he 'd be able to run straight towards the nearest defender - quite a skill he has :d, 
  i use eircode when shopping online for courier convenience - and for what it 's worth i think it 's handy for emergency services in countryside , $ 38m sounds bananas though, 
  did n't want him at connacht anyway ... ... 
  ah c'mon , sexton is n't `` getting it '' - all ward said there is a good case for jackson to keep the 10 jersey as he is playing very well . 
  i 'd be inclined to agree with him, 
  agree was load of wank about dropping heaslip though, 
  he is entitled to his opinion . 
  does n't make it any less wank, 
  almost reads like a hbo anti - true detective, 
  i do n't entirely understand why this was down voted ? 
  it 's patty, 
  obviously, 
  he is a lion though, 
  ha , yes , i 'm fully aware of that , i realize my joke went down like a lead balloon ha . . 
  it was meant to be pulling the piss out of people who spell it patty 's - but can see how the confusion of it looking like i was being serious,
