  great first half from a parisse-less italy, 
  pure lethal performance from wales in second half - north getting a hat-trick and webb continuing his good form, 
  satro , for second year in the row , scores last minute try to help points difference . 
  paul o'connell scores in what could be his last 6 nations game, 
  scotland throw the ball around and look pretty lively . 
  heaslip with a try saving tackle that will be massive come end of the day, 
  sexton and madigan miss very straight forward penalties , just to add to the drama, 
  what can ya say about the england v france game ?!, 
  like a game of `` jonah lomu rugby '' on the playstation come to life . . !, 
  ben youngs is a cracking scrum-half - england so impressive with ball in hand, 
  france finally finding some flair . 
  not to forget in all this : nakahiga nearly butchering a try and running dead, 
  then finally the scenes in edinburgh of irish celebrations - what a day for rugby union, 
  monstro de soup !, 
  [ looked similar to another legendary irish tackle ] ( http://c2.thejournal.ie/media/2014/03/mark-regan-632004-2-630x445.jpg ), 
  ca n't have bp 's without a `` home and away '' format, 
  [ love the caption ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vsvev64.jpg ), 
  he is not shite , has played decent for eagles . 
  do n't imagine he will be kept on mind, 
  chris o'dowd supports connacht, 
  sweet jesus . . 
  was n't always , took years for irb/wr to take argentina seriously, 
  it is true , been known for awhile . 
  massive shame , he is gon na make the glasgow pack better , which is rather frightening to think about . . 
  which one ? 
  both were blown, 
  part of good friday agreement means citizens in ni can have a roi passport and a british passport - meaning can choose to play for ni or roi in football . 
  was why was big `` who will rory mcilroy play for in olympics ? '', 
  fiasco, 
  battle royal 2, 
  would want to be some knob to vote no as a protest over irish water, 
  racism is a societal problem , not a rugby problem ... 
  implementing this quota is just goin to sugar coat the real issues of racism in south africa . . 
  i 'm that stubborn bastard that if someone keeps pestering me to watch something i 'll dig in my heels and avoid watching it for a while . . 
  i did it when everybody trying get me to watch true detective . . 
  while i do recommend hannibal to my friends , you have to respect that people like different things and do n't press the issue . . their loss anyway :p, 
  connacht rugby , not connaught rugby , 
  yes , but galway has connemara on its doorstep . . 
  dear dragons :, 
  please please please win . . 
  lots of love , connacht, 
  as connacht fan was hoping to see fets play , miss that guy, 
  it is the term `` redskins '' they ( rightly ) have an issue with - i do n't see any issue with exeter chiefs, 
  i 'd bite your hand off for jackson !!, 
  oh sweet jesus ... that glasgow backline !, 
  from the pack we are missing nathan white , mick kearney ( joining leinster next season ) and jake heenan who are all first choice . 
  also missing faloon ( rejoining ulster next season ) who should be replacement for heenan , so we relying on academy player masterson for openside ( he has done very well ) . 
  quin roux is also injured in second row who should be filling in for kearney , so have another academy player in ultan dillane . . 
  nothing against dillane who is a fine prospect , but it is not ideal . . backline is strongest we 've ever had imo , if ronaldson was fit i 'd have him over carty though , but atleast carty will defend his channel better than miah did against ulster, 
  only time pp over stepped the mark imo was taking bets on the oscar pistorius trial . . 
  i actually think `` our day will come '' is a great vote yes slogan, 
  jack carty 4th ? 
  webb , 10 tries in 11 appearances . . 
  impressive stuff from the welsh scrum half !, 
  6 in the pro12 , and thinking 2 in europe ? 
  do n't want to get into this debate , but rather it be in the green of south africa . . imo : playing rugby for 3 years in a country is far too short to make you eligible to represent that nation . . that said , we will take advantage of that rule , stander is a cracking player, 
  guessing it is came on as a replacement/substitute, 
  is it confirmed that they are homeless ? 
  pantera should be used for all rugby montages, 
  that is n't true imo . 
  during 1972 five nations , neither wales or scotland travelled to dublin due to the troubles . 
  in 1973 , despite being a more obvious target , england did . 
  my father always remembered that and has soft spot for english rugby since . . 
  i would say wales are our main rivals tbh . 
  they the team i most want to beat each 6 nations anyhow, 
  nice one, 
  bundee aki , but only if police officer was on the pitch . . never forget vs edinburgh at home he tore ligaments in his ankle - instead of staying down he hobbles back up and partakes in a ruck and starts fight with edinburgh second-row, 
  what happened ? 
  at weekend in the sportsground he caught a high ball under the usual `` ooooooooooooh '' from the crowd - he caught and gave the cheekiest smile to the clan stand . 
  great player, 
  two stags aswell . . be the death of us : /, 
  northern ireland should be in light red, 
  what does a marriage referendum have to do with love ? 
  you auld romantic you, 
  so you are anti-marriage ? 
  spoilers, 
  go on reilly ya terrier ya !, 
  the swedish chef was best character in the muppets, 
  btw : what a try from johnny may at the end !, 
  smashing !, 
  he must have to carry his balls around in a wheelbarrow , those lads would tear him apart, 
  believe he gave it for connacht players going in off their feet . . 
  . . which is hilarious considering palmer is lying where the connacht players feet should be, 
  an irish flag `` upside down '' is still green , white and orange though , 
  i do n't know about the name but they got ta sign gorgodze, 
  ross byrne is a massive loss for ireland . 
  argentina looked really impressive against springboks - they will beat scotland imo, 
  i would n't . 
  voldermort teaming up white walkers ? 
  i do have sympathy for theon , he was a captive and taken away from his family as a child . 
  i know the starks were good to him , but he was still their prisoner, 
  he went home to pyke with the best intentions to help robb and help his family - he negotiated for his father to be given the title of king of the iron islands, 
  his family were bitter towards him so he tried to be someone he was n't to satisfy them, 
  not justifying what he did but i do have sympathy for him, 
  do n't think he is as smart as he thinks he is . 
  remember roose being furious with him for castrating theon and sending it to balon - `` he was an important asset not your plaything '', 
  would n't put it past ramsay trying it - or doing a plan similar to what jon was doing with mance - pretend to go for peace but be an assassination mission . . 
  no way stannis would alley with him - this same guy who cut off davos fingers despite him saving his whole castle, 
  well ya dublin is a kip . 
  belfast is great craic - go up to ulster v connacht matches when i can,
