  helped us win last 2 6nations by scoring on final day to dent england ( 2014 ) and wales ( 2015 ) points difference, 
  matt cooper calling the game a `` dead rubber '' was ridiculously disrespectful, 
  everytime without fail when i 'm home and at dinner, 
  ask for milk :, 
  dad goes `` pull the udder one '', 
  ask for soya sauce :, 
  dad goes `` i saw ya last night '', 
  i 'm only on feast of crows now but i 'm loving the greyjoys !, 
  euron and victarion would have been great - shame they were n't in earlier seasons . 
  could have had some of it before yara tries to save theon from the dreadfort maybe ? 
  ( im not sure on time lines but the kingsmoot could have happened before that ? ), 
  learning lines is minor part of acting - if anything portraying a character who is basically non-verbal in his communication is very challenging, 
  i like way they had `` fuck your rugby '' despite irish rugby team including ni, 
  but he promised to kill `` that horn blowing cooooooont '', 
  nsfw = thumbnail does n't show up on the link title, 
  why would you want to skip anything ? 
  just watch them together dude, 
  connacht win away in swansea, 
  edinburgh lose away in parma, 
  could be a big moment in the champions cup qualification race, 
  liam neeson as balon greyjoy, 
  hoping they 'd shed some light on arin/new drummer, 
  i do n't think it is rickon as boltons do n't want people to know that theon lied about killing bran and rickon ... 
  my guess is gon na be someone who was a scout - so likes of edd , davos or tormund could be in trouble . 
  the score is called `` jade helm '', 
  lad with tattoos is conor mcgregor, 
  lad with the beard is gunnar nelson - an icelandic mma fighter who trains with same gym as conor . 
  plus elia also saw her children brutally killed in front of her . . 
  that said , it 's the poor common smallfolk who have it the worst in westeros without doubt, 
  love the bad uh-saii, 
  damn you `` one rule '' !, 
  all my leinster material is useless now ... 
  hey you ospreys - something something worse raptors since jurassic world, 
  read the shit out of eachothers post history, 
  they sort of acknowledged it in jw by dr wu going `` none of the dinosaurs are made out of 100 % dinosaur dna '' - but yes you 're right, 
  one of the yunaki maybe ? 
  fewer, 
  sea stone chair !, 
  what is dead may never die !!, 
  atleast give huisman a chance jeez, 
  henshaw 15 , mccloskey 12 and ringrose 13 : boom, 
  for ireland ? 
  yup . 
  for leinster ? 
  feck off :p, 
  what is hot may never pie, 
  he must be part octopus, 
  theon and stannis do n't deserve to be in that list - replace them with locke and viserys . 
  also meryn trant deserves to be mentioned - and possibly alliser thorne, 
  you seem to be an apologist for alot of characters dude :, 
  roose raped a woman under the corpse of her husband, 
  getting into a nature - nurture debate with regards joeffry . 
  tommen was rared under the same conditions as him and he 's not a sadistic shit . 
  even having a mental illness ( which is debatable the mountain has ) is not a get-out-of-jail-card with regard one 's actions, 
  okay i get where you were coming from now - apologies if i kinda went off at ya ha, 
  yup , but he is still a shit . 
  okay i 'll replace him with janos slynth then . 
  he did murder babies and betray ned stark , and hide at the battle of castle black . . 
  forgot to put in the date , saturday 14th nov, 
  he got captured alive in castle black - he went on about `` are you not gon na torture me '' oh god foreshadowing argh !!, 
  easy there granddad, 
  ding dang - ding dang dong - this is my phil daoust song, 
  you 're a brive man to make those kinda puns, 
  meh - some people like to identify themselves by things they hate rather than what they like . 
  it 's easy to dislike a band - especially a successful metal band with fans who would n't be normal metal demographic . . 
  would n't let it bother you - people have hated them since stst and wtf because they wore eyeliner and had stage names . . then in coe was cause they `` sold out '' to warner and stopped screaming . . 
  it is shown on sky atlantic in ireland and the uk on monday nights - the day after it is aired in america - not a week like some posters have said . 
  they also usually sync the first episode and last episode of every season but that is at like 3am monday morning so most just wait to watch it on the monday night . 
  unfortunately , sky atlantic is only available on tv if you have sky box - most student houses in galway get upc/virgin as it comes with tv channels and broadband ( but no sky atlantic ) . 
  torrents or streams are your friends over here i 'm afraid . 
  did someone say they broadcasting live fog ? 
  i 'm on it, 
  apparently the laptops have frozen on the connacht sideline ha, 
  not until he died though , jeor made huge sacrifice for jorah by joining night watch, 
  water was frozen so flooding averted, 
  that pun run, 
  [ great attitude from pat lam  ( http://www.independent.ie/sport/rugby/connacht-rugby/bo-levels-at-an-alltime-high-connacht-players-still-stranded-in-russia-after-visa-issue-34204997.html ), 
  but lam urged that further games hosted by enisei-stm in their home base at krasnoyarsk should take place in september or october when the weather is not as severe . 
  he has attached no blame to their hosts or epcr for their nightmare trip home -- they were grounded when a technical fault was discovered in their french charter aircraft . 
  `` it is just something that has happened . 
  it was important that they staged a game in their home city , nobody planned for that plane to break down . 
  main issue is that atleast 3 or 4 of the players that traveled are going to have to start vs brive on sat :, 
  * our 3 fit hookers traveled, 
  * our 3 outhalves traveled, 
  * our 3 fit looseheads traveled, 
  * mcsharry still a doubt so one of our centres that traveled may have to partner henshaw, 
  do n't let what people say online annoy you ... 
  ... you will end up insane :p, 
  `` there must always be a stark in winterfell '', 
  can only play with players registered to european squad . . 
  if we could play academy lads like brennan , o'keefe , dinneen or conor mckeon it would be handy but they not registered unfortunately, 
  #justice 4tom, 
  infairness he has been playing most of his rugby at 13 this year ... and he has been immense . . 
  muse for the craic, 
  luke skywalker, 
  most interesting character in the series imo, 
  i agree i do n't see the need for it, 
  i thought it was just ayras mannerisms that reminded people of lyanna ? 
  depends if jorah is still around - he hates the starks for exiling him, 
  i think ireland would be a terrible host for rwc 2023 - much rather it in italy or in argentina,
