  only 2 % of earth population naturally has green eyes . 
  joined there for the craic, 
  finishing move : the dirty protest, 
  u-s-a !!, 
  u-s-a !, 
  talk some amount of brown mate, 
  trick question , that match was actually cancelled ... ... 
  setanta - bt sports is still a thing, 
  `` hit me with your genie bottle - pour it all over me '', 
  `` will you please leave '', 
  mike phillips retired ? 
  best warn sale sharks, 
  quality over quantity . 
  i like the fact they do n't have a big social media presence like most bands these days . 
  it is a shame dvd not out ( or looking like it will not get released at all ) but que sera sera . 
  thank fuck . 
  they hate the pro12 more than the welsh, 
  did you watch the video, 
  it is sad because it is true :(, 
  can.not.wait . 
  watching the games last night just got me even more excited to get back into the clan stand, 
  edgy, 
  sure, 
  he is a pretty decent current affairs reporer/host tbf - mariane finucane on the other hand . . jaaaaayyysus, 
  a legend in same way that someone buying you a pint is a legend im guessing, 
  he meant anyone human - nate diaz is a terminator, 
  round 1 starts this week , last weekend was preseason , right guys ? 
  guys ? 
  no irish national profiling then :(, 
  haha, 
  salmon was gon na make a fish pun, 
  lizard people confirmed, 
  a few of latest things been listening to on repeat :, 
  matilda the musical soundtrack, 
  hamilton the musical soundtrack, 
  rodrigo y gabriella & c.u.b.a. - area 52, 
  galantis - pharmacy, 
  deuce - invincible, 
  edit : none are metal mind, 
  ah ya early bodom is great , have n't listened to them in while gon na shtick them on now - cheers for reminding, 
  pickles on fucking everything - what is ye ' r issue, 
  ah blooddrunk was last album i have of theirs and found it meh so hav n't got any new stuff . 
  hate crew deathrow is probably one of my fav albums though, 
  paddy jackson would not be the player he is if not for pienaar, 
  wait , is the ref martin shkreli ?!? 
  no offense op but bow the fuck is this r/sports worthy ? 
  winning the league of ireland : $ 100k, 
  drawing a pool match in europa league : $ 120k, 
  winning a pool match in europa league : $ 360k, 
  annual salary of being ceo of fai : $ 360k, 
  from what i recall the props just need to be able to drink the most beer, 
  but seriously - hold you own in the scrum , prob be expected to lift locks or backrow teammates come lineout time , prepare to hit rucks or guard the pillars of a ruck when defending - if you are a prop and out wide in a defensive line a good offence will target you, 
  the winning club of the league of ireland gets $ 100k . . 
  getting a draw in europa league is $ 120k . . 
  fai ceo john delaney 's salary is $ 360k . . 
  if ye do n't see the issue here i dunno, 
  ceo of spanish fa is paid $ 150k apparently ... 
  i disagree with a lot of my irish brethren here and hope rte do n't get the pro12 - they hate the comp and do nothing but complain or talk about other matches when broadcasting them in the past ... 
  tg4 deserve to keep the coverage , they 've been showing live games since rte would n't even give the results on the 9 o'clock news ... 
  stewart lee and tony law are both brilliant alternative comedians, 
  they have marcus horan speaking bearla - i 'd agree be nice to have english commentary or even option to have no commentary and just ref link but i 've loads of respect for how tg4 have treated the competition over the years, 
  we 're all delighted for you senator mulherin, 
  thankfully no one did, 
  rachel and steve, 
  it 's no surprise that the best comedies written by irish people have been aired on ch4/sky with moone boy , toast of london , catastrophe , black books . 
  last funny thing rte did was blizzard of odd - and even that was clipshow not a sitcom . . 
  great work man but hate to say it 's all here : http://www.pro12rugby.com/2016/09/23/round-4-team-sheets/, 
  owl bet he regrets that, 
  do n't wear hard . 
  wear solf . 
  i wear monthly 's but would put in disposable daily 's for matches and training as good chance you will lose contact now and then, 
  entitled knobs gon na entitle, 
  2 days out from facing connacht is an odd time to step down i got ta say . 
  probably best for both parties mind - i always felt edinburgh are better than how they 've been preforming, 
  would eddie o'sullivan be worth a punt ? 
  he had ireland playing some great rugby . . his stint at biarritz was bit of a shambles mind, 
  oh the hi-vis county council jacket ? 
  `` in addition , the two qualifiers will play a final match as part of epcr 's 2017 edinburgh finals weekend '', 
  that 's a brilliant idea, 
  apparently buying one is part of the new safe cross code, 
  so happy to have robb-aki as centre partnership, 
  that edinburgh front row is very intimidating though, 
  what 's your least favorite thing about the contemporary comedy scene ? 
  he was not a disaster, 
  we 've clearly different definitions of `` disaster '' then . 
  he might not have been as successful as fans or branch hoped but i still would n't use word disaster to describe his time with ulster . . 
  o'leary 's place kicking aint much better so id stick with carty until either boshoff or ronaldson back, 
  hills of connemara, 
  about making poitin - absolute choon, 
  here is one version : https://youtu.be/cdyehffiram, 
  here is a french marching band performing it : https://youtu.be/pj7wv0fbk1q, 
  ca n't spell bass without ass, 
  noooooooooooooooooooooooooooo, 
  first andre bell and now dave ellis, 
  has he left immediatly or is he seeing out the season with connacht, 
  `` world war z '', 
  nah just kidding also - they butchered that, 
  adam sandler would be really fucking lonely ... 
  that is fair comment, 
  not cocaine ... raisins !,
