  i also realize i 'm sounding like that xkcd comic , so i 'm gon na throw away the shovel http://m.imgur.com/gallery/n8umjwj, 
  bass in coming home is fantastic - check out any good bass covers on youtube and you 'll recognise how brilliantly crazy it is, 
   i wonder how lam would feel if he was coaching nz or the blues , and hansen was trying to poach players he had developed , took a risk with , or gave opportunities to ? 
  i seem to recall lam getting pretty tearful when he thought he was n't getting maximum support at the blues . 
  a quick google would show he has lost players to other teams while at connacht . 
  and i 'm pretty sure that the tears were to do with some racist comments being said about him and his family when at blues, 
   if lam was a proper coach he would be trying to improve local players in europe rather than trying to buy in players developed at great cost , from somewhere else . 
  not having a go but this is just dripping in ignorance i 'm afraid - again look what he did with connacht last season with largely academy players , players discarded from other provinces academies and few players like heenan , aki and mccartney, 
  is aj playing for the shhhhhhhtates ? 
  buckfast on the sparch, 
  he is a pain in the hole , always a nuisance when he is rucking against your team - so basically the perfect 7 . 
  i 'm a big fan, 
  who the feck is lindsay pelas ? 
  not thank the bus driver ... 
  the animals, 
  stacey ili at connacht , have n't been sold on him - with guys like leader , gaffney and o'keeffe i feel no real need for the chap ( takes up a niq spot too ), 
  no one is havin a go at protestants . 
  people are having a go at hypocrites, 
  anything to be said for another mass, 
  `` shut up you ginger prick ... ... is that racist ? '', 
  great pint and toasted sanngwhiches in keanes, 
  he is probably covered in the `` looney left '' category ? 
  anyway , ticketmaster and nazis for me, 
  craggy island rugby - connacht orientated but is really good, 
  `` second captains '' - often get shane horgan to talk about rugby ( irish orientated ), 
  would love if kinsella was on another podcast - he more suited to be answering questions rather than the one asking them, 
  my only complaint with otb is when they have gavin cummiskey - his love of all things leinster is vomit inducing, 
  surely you can empathize with how it looks from an ulster pov . 
  both teams have a great nie player who are starters in their sides respective first choice xv . 
  one team allowed offer their player a new contract . 
  one team is not . 
  ye 'll love cooney - and if worst comes to worst i 'm sure peel could tog out . 
  plus with gibbes in charge of your forwards should have more grunt - shaping up nicely for ye next season, 
  yes so they do n't need him there as they have iq options to play instead , 
  all the saracens season ticket holders in i see, 
   why does almost every deathbat shit on girl i know, 
   every deathbat, 
   deathbat, 
  please do n't make this a thing chrisht, 
  italy to adopt this tactic vs the french, 
  that 's the joke , 
  kirchner , mcfadden , byrne , dardis , fitzpatrick and b.daly all out of contract - adam byrne only one there definitely staying, 
  no need to be a cunt, 
  should have had way more irish caps , was out performing doc for a season or two with connacht before he finally got a call up - cracking player . 
  i remember being gutted when was announced he was joining leinster . 
  wish him all the best, 
  was n't he on radio when ryan report was published saying was exaggerated - colm o'gorman ate the head of him i think, 
  ... you did n't just believe a wwn story did you ? 
  or you just forget to link it ? 
  ah sure shit happens, 
  sucks that his animation film wo n't get made, 
  trade deals do n't happen over night - at least for a while there is going to be a hard border, 
  was n't it america who were the guarantor of the gfa ? 
  so could well be them ? 
  mexico will pay for that too, 
  impressive , your opinion is wrong , 
  ugh , maybe i 'm old but it did n't need a name imo - `` avenged sevenfold fanclub '' would been enough . . 
  ask for a chelsea smile , 
  edit : do n't, 
  do they ? 
  i personally love the fact they have minimal social media presence , especially when it 's all the rage these days . 
  let their live shows and music do their marketing , 
  then everyone clapped, 
  the devil dances with the treeeeeeeeesss, 
  almost easy has been rested for yonks , fairly sure they did n't play it on their httk tour, 
  it 's song from 28 days later they jammed to, 
  the bass in that song is gloriously insane, 
  i thought jack kelly was captain , not nash ? 
  well he had a stormer on the wing when connacht bet munster in thomond last season . . 
  he is a cracking winger, 
  we both lost to scotland :(, 
  the httk tour was over a year, 
  all credit to @bhhooker / @olearyc5, 
  read my post - i was on about almost easy, 
  edit : just saw your other comment , no worries , 
  test cricket or one day internationals, 
  was september 2003 , i rented madden 04 of a guy at school - heard chapter four . 
  went onto amazon and bought wtf , stts and wots ep . 
  club : champions cup ( europe ) and super rugby ( southern hemisphere ), 
  international : six nations ( europe ) and rugby championship ( southern hemisphere ), 
  there is six nations and super rugby this weekend, 
  his math is lacking, 
  swifty !!!, 
  marmion not having a kicking game is largely down to connachts possession focused rugby, 
  if mcgregor v duffy rematch ever did happen it 's highly possible that alot of people outside dublin would be going for duffy . 
  there 's a lot of good natured dublin v rest of ireland , the press conferences would be fecking gas, 
  holland, 
  carbery, 
  healy, 
  olding, 
  stockdale, 
  buckley, 
  ross, 
  fuck me thats not a bad side , question marks over sub hooker , sub scrumhalf and sub outhalf, 
  would love john muldoon to travel - would n't get near the test teams but he 'd be great captain during the tour games, 
  how did i forget carbery !!, 
  he can start 10 and madigan can cover scrumhalf ha, 
  ken owens has to travel, 
  i read the two fbs that jones picked and knew straight up he was trolling - kearney and halfpenny ffs, 
  cummiskey love affair with sexton really is rather tiresome,
