  8 playing as an openside . 
  with swifty and muldowney in 2nd row we have powerful but rather immobile pack , so if glasgow play quick ball could be long day . . also without marmion - although looking forward to seeing cooney come on , leinster fans highly rate him . 
  healy and poolman are our 2 best wingers imo . 
  is massive shame no tv coverage . 
  did anybody out for connacht side ? 
  being from ireland i 'm clearly hoping conor wins - that said i do n't mind dustin . 
  the lad seems to be taking mcgregors thrash talk serious - it is a rather irish thing to try rise your opponent ( if ya ever play gaa the shite ya say to person you 're marking is fairly atrocious haha ), 
  your tin foil hat is in the post my friend, 
  [ the no go !, 
  i 'm off to bed , we have usa to beat in the ryder cup tomorrow morning sure, 
  ha i dont mind that - is pantomime villain stuff - crowd loves being able hate some one . 
  hon europe  patrick reed endearing the locals with that display . 
  what a dick, 
  well think we all smiled with that splash, 
  i really liked it - shame usa were n't as competitive as was hoping - and was never gon na be as exciting as 2 years ago . . 
  gmacs come back , rory destroying fowler - despite getting some criticism , america could have done with few more patrick reeds out there this weekend . . 
  . . mickelson talking sh!te about watson does n't exactly help matters, 
  the purse for a title fight is where he would make the money - the two are n't exclusive . . 
  more successful you are more money you make . 
  if he is motivated by money so what ? 
  anywhere with a better link ? 
  that quality is brutal ( no offense - thanks for the link regardless ), 
  assumed the same when i saw [ this tweet ] ( https://twitter.com/cflanaghan/status/516358447991103489 ), 
  being friendly and mannerly are not exclusive irish characteristics - a moronic statement by the guy imo, 
  ah buckley has been immense - our best player in opening 2 games . . would hope he can make extended irish squad on current form, 
  haha `` in the here and meow '', 
  [ poor jason harris-wright ] ( http://www.irishrugby.ie/images/news/rsz_inpho_00853678_rdax_80.jpg ) was only player from challenge cup present . 
  no one from zebre , edinburgh , dragons or blues turned up ... 
  you said you fan of cazzete . 
  my fav edm producer is deorro - and here is a remix he did of cazzetes brilliant song song [ run for cover ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llh-50h7kes ) . 
  enjoy, 
  fucking hate buskers with amps and microphones, 
  you are a big golf fan so i 've heard - do you think you could captain the us team at next ryder cup - us europeans are sick of walking it ? 
  ha :p, 
  heya matt - you 're a big golf fan so i 've heard ? 
  any chance you could captain the us team in the ryder cup in 2 years ? 
  us european 's would atleast like a challenge !!!, 
  looking forward to playing the game and seeing ye next time play in ireland . 
  cheers, 
  `` amazing bastard chicken '', 
  dafuq you on about ? 
  best wwn story was [ church hires jk rowling to rewrite the bible ] ( http://waterfordwhispersnews.com/2014/01/21/church-hires-jk-rowling-to-rewrite-the-bible/ ) . 
  so good that a [ right wing pastor mike believed it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5j0fi3q6pb0 ) . 
  love exeter 's fans - looking forward to big flock of ye coming over to galway for the connacht game, 
  `` lips of deceit '' and `` thick and thin '' from stst . 
  `` descrete through reverence '' on wtf . 
  `` brompton cocktail '' on s/t . 
  none really on coe , nightmare or httk . 
  deadly, 
  pronounced : null-ig hun-a ditch, 
  knocked two jars of window sill , manged to catch both with , one with each hand . 
  felt like a superhero . . only witness was my cat . . who just licked his ass unimpressed . . 
  shame they did n't show keatley 's conversion , was thing of beauty . . 
  bundee and henshaw were fantastic , but motm shoulda gone to someone in the pack imo . . roux , muldoon , mckeon , mccartney and muldowney all exceptional, 
  to be fair , that does n't do his kick justice . . 
  i 've been season ticket with connacht for many a year and while i 've seen worse rain , i ca n't remember a worse wind than the opening 15 minutes of this match . . the rain was also able to show how much it was swirling on the pitch , really was an exceptional kick by ian, 
  rather chuffed my tweet made it into that ha . 
  got ta say , whole of ireland was in stitches over the leaflet, 
  some people born thug, 
  had roche 's goal cracked in off the cross bar , she would have won i say . . 
  drink it from the bottle, 
  never - ever - pour buckfast out of its bottle, 
  always was just slagging when i ever encountered it . . plus goes both ways . 
  shame you encountered people that were sad enough to take it too far mind, 
  feck i miss macca at connacht . . :(, 
  do n't see why paul sees the need to `` defend the right to protest '', 
  no one is saying otherwise, 
  i genuinely feel this `` dublin says no '' crowd are actively being a deterrent to getting more people protesting - who in their right mind would want to be associated with that mob ? 
  it 's clearly just a windmill, 
  durty taco chip, 
  nigel letting lads like ringrose and byrne express themselves is a joy too watch . 
  from a biased connacht sense , the two lads that came are good prospect in romaine and o'donnell . 
  both are eligable for next years u20 's i believe aswell, 
  ama news update now !!, 
  * andy 's wheezy laugh *, 
  daily show is on every weeknight on comedy central xtra at 11, 
  lwt is on sky atlantic every tuesday, 
  i 'm in ireland too so no excuses , 
  himself and mccarthy were absolutely artists when it came to perfecting the skill of `` the choke tackle '', 
  even more funny is the independent publishing it . . that paper really has become a self-parody, 
  nothing worse than bad satire, 
  be cruel to make john a judge for a pun-off, 
  they also did some sketches for the fast show, 
  what makes you think it will be leinster he would go to ? 
  muldowney is in cracking form for connacht - not be a bad option for scotland extended squad, 
  definitely eligible - was in scotland squad years ago but never capped, 
  he is world renowned gobshite , but we seriously meant be offended by that ? 
  he is the irish stephen jones ( pundit not player ), 
  homophobic and hates connacht, 
  she is a parody of herself that wan . . 
  her speech on `` fraping '' is funniest thing ever . . 
  absolute muppet, 
  i 'll put my house on her not getting voted in, 
  moone boy is best irish comedy since fr ted , it is half way through season 3 . 
  black books and it crowd , also toast of london . 
  someone mentioned catastrophe aswell which is worth watching , some bits very funny, 
  count arthur strong has some good episodes aswell, 
  himself and schrab deserve an emmy for the portugues gremlins trailer alone, 
  some wonderful passive aggression there mate - professor duncan be proud, 
  hard to believe it all started with italy and wales going in at ht at 13-14 . .
