  majority of the gaa stadiums that have been put forward are hideous and pitches would be too big and far away from the action . 
  injuries . 
  he broke his finger start of season playing ail , made his comeback last season for connacht eagles and got taken off with concussion . . lad has no luck, 
  future ? 
  dillane and masterson, 
  favourite was between theon and the winterfell maester ( i 'm drunk and ca n't remember his name , luwin i think - hon connacht ), 
  nope , he is a kerryman, 
  robbie was fullback because injury to our winger poolman . 
  toh is our third best winger ( after healy and poolman ) so he moved to wing from fb and robbie slotted into fb role - ronaldson and aki formed a strong centre partnership during the start of the season so straight forward enough call, 
  against treviso yes , again it was due to injury to poolman, 
  yes i thought he was very good last night, 
  blk have deal with dc comics, 
  it 's basically the type of awful studio comedy ricky gervais makes in extras season 2 . . 
  hopefully murray is utilised more by tv3 in their future rugby broadcasting, 
  unfortuntely there are rumors he injured his knee and is out for few weeks - nothing confirmed yet though so fingers crossed not true . 
  he 'd great game in thomond, 
  rob murphy ( who hosts the podcast , and does the commentary on galway bay fm ) was in charge of the brilliant grassroots website knockon.ie before he shut it down this year, 
  macginty is injured, 
  re : marmion not starting ? 
  i feel he should be , and should be rested for the 2 european games against newcastle, 
  anyhow op , glad to see we got new fan - welcome to the clan , 
  connacht injured xv :, 
  denis buckley, 
  tom mccartney, 
  jake heenan, 
  ... you do n't like iron maiden ? 
  we 've all got that face, 
  you 're so lucky, 
  worse . . 
  smaug was good enough - that 's about it, 
  that 's because people can kinda relate to `` a joffrey '' - that spoilt little shit who is an asshole . . 
  `` where are my testicles summer ? '', 
  no the child was not with the mother, 
  `` chapter four '' is what got me hooked way back in 2003, 
  the intouchables - a french movie . 
  it 's amazing, 
  but it was stannis who killed renly , not the lannisters ... 
  was in cardiff arms park last week for the connacht match - it 's a lovely little stadium and has a nice ratio of terracing to seating that i 'd like see in the sportsground ( there is effectively no seating in sportsground ), 
  that said , ye could get more of an atmosphere going lads jaysus, 
  ye ' r all being bit harsh lads - i enjoyed the video, 
  . . is there an image or a link or something you forgot to add op ? 
  iron price dude - they take what is theirs, 
  they are a viking like people , worship their own gods and feel independent to westeros mainland . . balon was a big believer in restoring `` the old way '' on iron islands - ie : raiding , raping , having thralls ( basically slaves ) , salt wives etc. 
  under the targaryen rule they were largely peaceful and kept to themselves , abandoning alot of `` the old way '' but after roberts rebellion he saw an opportunity . 
  they were defeated ( theon was made go to winterfell as a price ) but balon was stubborn and saw another opportunity during war of the five kings . . 
  nice, 
  which army does the helmet belong too op ? 
  original reek, 
  drink and not have a hangover . . :(, 
  from what i gather :, 
  looby and some mod had a row , looby pm 'd mod , mod said do n't contact him/her as harassment , looby replied to one of mod 's posts saying `` hi '' and mod banned himher . 
  then i 'm not sure what happened . 
  i think another poster started a thread on how ridiculous it was and managed to get looby unbanned . 
  the mod then banned looby again and the person who started the thread and deleted it . 
  more to it i think , some other mod resigned aswell . 
  been rather cringy for everyone concerned tbh, 
  is n't he with ukip now ? 
  i hav n't read ferns report but i did read the ryan report and it was an extremely hard read . . 
  if you get a chance to listen to colm gormley on an irishman abroad he talks of his abuse - it is heartbreaking, 
  they deserve each other, 
  i 'm glad he staying with leinster but a 3 year central contract for an injury prone player is pretty risky . . 
  denis leamy spring to mind anyone ? 
  not sure which you mean so :, 
  ryan report : http://www.childabusecommission.ie/publications/index.html, 
  colm o'gorman on irishman abroad : https://soundcloud.com/an-irishman-abroad/colm-ogorman-episode-111, 
  independence day speech by president whitmore - pesky aliens, 
  theon die ? 
  my friend :, 
  what is dead may never die !!, 
  good lord, 
  healy signing new contract and jake heenan back in the starting xv - what a day, 
  iron islands were the best thing about affc imo, 
  toh ( connacht ) tackle on johnny may ( gloucester ) in the european play off, 
  bundee aki vs garry ringrose, 
  exhibit a, 
  `` pretty bad '' ? 
  i nearly cried in the cinema about how bad it was, 
  `` up with this sort of thing '', 
  `` reckless now '', 
  it was due to be a comedy set during the famine - not about the famine . . 
  service users have right to privacy aswell though . . 
  i 100 % agree that staff have a duty to be open to the possibility that fellow staff may be abusive, 
  rest of what you wrote about staff only caring about pay packet is codswallop, 
  nothing to do with `` sjw '', 
  i understand where you 're coming from but camera 's are very intrusive from a human rights pov ... 
  well reading the article there is no indication that the show was n't greenlighted due to any complaints . . 
  i found the plot pretty boring but it looked good and was well acted - best of luck to them, 
  boojum in galway - sweet jesus that 's where i 'll be having my wedding reception, 
  have n't eaten there yet so ca n't comment, 
  nakarawa is definitely part octopus, 
  thought this was gon na be an abortion discussion, 
  best thing about doing that is that rgc are pretty much the only side up there so be no `` identity issues '' like ponty fans meant to be a be in cardiff blues region . . 
  i 'm amused by the twitter reaction by alot of people who only seem to know of the rising through rebel songs and have a romantic idea in their head . . it was bloody and unpopular at the time ( alot of revolutions are ), 
  thought the scene with the policeman getting shot was excellent - really showed what must have been like for majority of the young lads - one thing reading lines like `` break your chains '' but when that involves shooting an unarmed policeman it is an eye opener . . 
  could do less of the whole `` secretary and wife in dalkey house '' and didnt see point of the belfast woman . . 
  getoutahere mr factman, 
  oh yeah celtic warriors ? 
  `` pull the otter one '', 
  always like to see a community reference in r/rugbyunion, 
  can confirm - had great craic there last year in shed at the gloucester v connacht quater final in challenge cup . .
