  i 'd have preferred toh in irish squad over conway , he is having a better season imo, 
  no he always identified as irish, 
  sorry but he was poor against england - nowhere near the player he was in 2014, 
  hopefully , cracking player when on song, 
  because franchise !, 
  decent squad player - was brilliant at 7s preseason tournament for connacht . 
  very versatile , can cover across backline 10-15 . . might be better off playing in the new american pro league ( is canada going to have teams in it ? ), 
  i like him , great distributor and excellent at cross field kicks to wingers on far side, 
  can be inconsistent from the tee and does n't really threaten the line ( you just know he is going to pass ), 
  not going to be an international but is a very promising player in his own right, 
  simply put there are better players ahead of him and when ever one of them get injured he would be injured aswell so never got a proper chance . . 
  has played a good bit for our second string side connacht eagles and looked decent, 
  in this horrid age of social media , he is the gobshite we deserve . . 
  i do n't see the logic in it being roose - that would surely just demotivate the bolton army ? 
  tyrion and vary 's were in volantis , it is where jorah gets tyrion when he is taking a leak, 
  i 'd love the giant spiders aswell but to get them look decent it would be very expensive to do i 'd imagine, 
  neither makes sense is my point, 
  favourite scene of got but i do n't think that is foreshadowing - think it is more showing how theon is pretending to be someone else ( before ramsay breaks him into actually being someone else , his reek ), 
  imagine how the book reader 's feel . . 
  shame, 
  does this mean they will preform at wrestlemania ? 
  is it absolutely historically accurate ? 
  nope . 
  is it a good movie ? 
  daario maybe if he betrays dany ? 
  sam 's dickhead dad and brother maybe ? 
  possibilities are endless, 
  fair to say nel is nailed on for th lions shirt ? 
  there is a dragon ball zee joke to be made there i just ca n't fit it together, 
  i 'm continually bemused by the hatred of pro12 and the region 's by some welsh rugby fans, 
  munster looking for a dor, 
  ya i think theon will take asha 's argument from the books off wanting peace at the kingsmoot - yara will take vicatarions argument for continuing plunder the north and then euron will give iron born ideas of dragons and it will be yara who goes to meeren . 
  i do n't know if they are gon na do the whole dragon horn thing though . . also when theon looses i 'm not sure what he does - does he go join nightswatch and get caught up in snowbowl or stay on iron islands . . gon na be interesting, 
  oh no that makes too much sense , im now very worried for davos, 
  i posted this in a similar thread :, 
  i think theon will take asha 's argument from the books off wanting peace at the kingsmoot - yara will take vicatarions argument for continuing plunder the north and then euron will give iron born ideas of dragons and it will be yara who goes to meeren . 
  i do n't know if they are gon na do the whole dragon horn thing though . . 
  i also do n't know if euron will raid the reach - unless somehow ties it into sam 's storyline . 
  also when theon looses i 'm not sure what he does - does he go join nightswatch and get caught up in snowbowl or stay on iron islands . . ? 
  he could well meet back up with rickon and tonks ( ca n't remember her real name ) who i 'm sure will remember what he did in winterfell . . gon na be interesting, 
  mike brown put a foot wrong into murray 's face ... 
  my post was meant as a joke . . 
  but if you do n't see what brown did was reckless then fair enough, 
  hogg wanted robbie henshaw 's jersey, 
  that piece loses credibility when it has clan healy at lh - he has been pants, 
  the wight trying to kill lord commander mormont in castle black was pretty freaky, 
  grrm will only sell rights for official canon - he is not a fan of fan fiction so no way would he be cool with any sequels to got that he has n't written ... 
  . . prequels however ... 
  fewer, 
  perhaps controversial but amount of player 's representing national side 's due to residency rules of playing 3 years club rugby in that country, 
  claremorris ... 
  felt i was in league of gentlemen at end of the night , these 3 `` lads '' ( ye know the type , striped shirt tucked into their bootcut jeans , brown square shoes , curb chain , brylcreme wet look plastered into their hair ) circled our table in supermacs and one of them went `` where ye boys from ehh ? '', 
  now we are from galway , but knew that 'd lead to war so one my friends replied `` cong '', 
  the guy looked at his two amigos and replied `` cong . . ?! . 
  we got ourselves rich boys eh ?! '', 
  and then bouncer of supermacs came over , we were relieved , but he turned to us and kicked us out for `` agitating people '', 
  such a strange town, 
  saying you were from galway in a town in mayo is not good idea at times, 
  hopefully weather does n't ruin it - ronaldson is a big loss for us , he has really found form from the tee lately, 
  i remember midwest radio broadcast a special mass to ask for sunny weather over the summer few years ago . . was very wickerman-esque, 
  without getting messy , conleth hill and michelle fairley are from northern ireland so should n't be under the tri colour, 
  pretty interesting though , would have assumed be more american lead cast members, 
  need to be a home and away schedule then - effectively 2 six nations per year . 
  ah no worries - personally i could n't care less but was more so just a head 's up , 
  first half of munster v zebre, 
  then switch over to glasgow v ~ ~ warriors ~ ~ ulster ( might see last few mins munster at ht ), 
  tomorrow then head to pub and watch first half of sarries v exeter ( go chiefs ), 
  head to the sportsground to get good spot for connacht v leinster in clan terrace and watch end of exeter game on the mobile, 
  [ ah shane . . ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/992/407/776.jpg ), 
  etzebeth is meant to be an animal - western province had to custom order 75kg dumbbells . . 
  which he uses for curling 0_o, 
  i may have started my `` get drunk '' plan too early, 
  be hard for all the irish teams to win :p, 
  at 2.09 in that video - the flayed guy , jesus wept, 
  well that was the greatest thing i 've ever seen !!, 
  i love gilroy - this glasgow v ulster game has already been more enjoyable than alot of the 6 nations matches, 
  ulster lucky not binned just before ht, 
  rumor that jake heenan out for connacht , would be a massive loss if true, 
  it 's miserable weather here today, 
  video ends at 79 mins :(, 
  here is a good link : http://www.irishtimes.com/sport/connacht-swear-to-march-on-1.346477, 
  i remember all this came a year after connemara won the ail div 3 in 2002 ( beating trinity college 25-21 in the old landsdowne road ) - which was a real feel good story . . gerry thornley , who wrote that piece i linked , really bought into their success . . 
  another thing worth adding was the fans of the other 3 provinces , instead of going `` hey if we get rid of connacht more money for us '' they were pretty much unanimously opposed and somewhat disgusted at the thought of connacht get scrapped to save a few bob . . 
  james connolly is spinning in her grave, 
  i agree should be top 7 regardless of nation but i really hate this headline :, 
  `` having an italian side ahead of welsh regions in the champions cup is a travesty and makes a mockery of the pro12 '', 
  ya same , he was supposed to be the next big thing . . did n't realise he was ill for a while . 
  i know alot of his critics just saw him as more a great athlete than a great rugby player but that pass was a peach, 
  shame was n't a bigger crowd, 
  . . it ryhmes with leak, 
  prince of winterfell you mean, 
  people like different things - if you do n't like the show there is nothing wrong with you . . 
  patrick galvin wrote `` james connolly '' - not christy moore ... 
  ya but it happens to a character jeyne poole who does n't really have a character arc like sansa has . 
  thing that pissed me off the most was the writers focused much more on ramsay and sansa in theon 's own fecking plot . . 
  i suggest you rewatch the show and see how much rape is in it . 
  quite a fecking lot . . ( rewatch crasters keep , he raped his own daughters - and then the mutineers `` fuck them till they 're dead '' . ), 
  if you are so morally superior you would n't be watching the show at all . 
  now that is hypocritical mate , 
  i mean c'mon , ofcourse people going to react more when it is a main character who ye 've being following since episode 1 season 1 - particularly when it does n't seem to fit with her arc . .
