  connemara ( ireland ) - turf, 
  i see ramsay kidnapping shireen - remember the mother warning her around gilly that `` you can be used to get to your father '' - i fear that is a forewarning . 
  the show has also emphasised the bond between stannis and shireen this year . 
  hope i 'm wrong as i do n't think i could handle that, 
  shut up jerry, 
  who the fuck is that ? 
  lord varmaelen - he who shall not be played, 
  i remember for our debs ( aka prom ) in ireland we had a mass before we went to have the meal for one of our teachers that passed away during the year . . 
  the priests spent whole thing basically going `` i never see ye usually at mass '' and `` i know what ye young wans be getting up to tonight '' - was bizarre, 
  it 's not the germans , its the americans he is after, 
  ah dude , remember this is the reddit for the non-book readers `` a community for fans of the hbo series game of thrones who have not read the asoiaf novels and wish to avoid exposure to advanced spoilers . '', 
  i know you did n't exactly give away much but still * waves finger *, 
  congrats you now own ireland ... 
  . . we are in a lot of debt that you just inherited, 
  confused - why were the harpy killing the master 's ? 
  thought they were on their side ? 
  ive no idea , the sons of the harpy , we had assumed , were working for the masters, 
  dany made a decision , in an attempt to stop the bloodshed , she would marry hizdar ( one of the masters ) and reopen the fighting pits ( out of respect for their culture - it was seen as to unite the former slaves and the masters ), 
  everything seemed to have stopped - daario indicated that it was because hizdar was leader of the harpy 's and he had ordered them to stop, 
  in this episode the harpy turned up and started killing the masters ( including hizdar ) - indicating they are not in alliance with any of the masters, 
  the one harpy they had captured and maybe who we could have figured out who they are was killed by the one of the former slaves ( who dany then executed , leading to the necessity to open the pits as this caused tension in meereen ), 
  so i 've no idea who the harpy are . . but they seemed to have carried out daario 's plan . . prob just clever writing on behave of the show but got my brain juices flowing :p, 
  no snow so not in the north - possibly someone from around eerie ? 
  sorry now but anyone who uses stewart lee as an example of something `` wrong '' with comedy does n't deserve to be taken seriously tbh, 
  also , if wan na expand upon this to the whole show , hizdar 's father was killed ( crucified alive ) by dany . 
  sansa ofcourse had her father killed by the lannisters ( then had to marry tyrion ) and extended family killed by the boltons at the red wedding ( then had to marry ramsay ), 
  cause we just watched and did n't happen, 
  well , looks like we have ourselves an olly-lover, 
  ... ... ... ... . westwood, 
  coleman - o'shea - wilson - brady, 
  ... ... gibson - mccarthy, 
  . . mcgeady - hoolahan - waters, 
  ... ... ... ... long, 
  got is hardly an endorsement for any type of organised religion tbh, 
  fair enough , think you are stretching it a bit but it is pretty cool idea nonetheless, 
  do n't see the high sparrow 's working with the brotherhood as they worship different religions . 
  if history tells us anything , religious fundamentalists rarely are most tolerant folk, 
  ya the rhythm of that whole scene seemed tad off, 
  what a load of pretentious wank, 
  theon is one of my favourite characters in the show, 
  easy to say he `` betrayed '' the starks but got ta remember he was captive and had been taken away from his family as a child . 
  i know the starks were good to him , and throughout the show they are seen as the moral compas , but he was still their prisoner, 
  he went home to pyke with the best intentions to help robb ( get the ironborn to attack casterly rock ) and help his family - he negotiated for his father to be given the title of king of the iron islands, 
  his family were bitter towards him so he tried to be someone he was n't to satisfy them ( he even wrote out a letter to rob warning the ironborn would attack the north but burnt it as he wanted his families acceptance ), 
  also , while not owing anything to the starks - rob was his friend , and admittedly he betrayed that friendship . . 
  and , while not justifying what he did at winterfell but i do have sympathy for him . 
  i mean , look at him , he is known as a good lover , a good archer ( remember he saves bran 's life from the wildlings in season 1 ) and is so proud of his name as lord theon . 
  so what happens to him ? 
  ramsay castrates him ( no more banging ) , flays his fingers ( ca n't use his bow ) and renames him reek . 
  hopefully theon and sansa survived the jump - and theon will get to kill `` the hornblower '', 
  yes he has pretty much been a prisoner all his life . . 
  king landing part is cool - athought i do n't see how varys could poison tommen when he in mireen, 
  ahhh okay , well yes could imagine that alright, 
  they come with the blu ray boxset, 
  hodor, 
  in the history and lore videos - stannis 's feels it was a snub as robert was furious for the targaryen children getting away, 
  [ left the field for eight minutes , as michael breen took his place as a temporary blood sub , before returning again seven minutes later . 
  ] ( http://www.the42.ie/callanan-injury-2174798-jun2015/ ), 
  +1 lancel, 
  i just need one :, 
  olly getting flayed, 
  hermione , cho and luna . 
  for meal ? 
  box of love-potion chocolate cauldrons, 
  hipster, 
  gave an upvote for `` ramstration '', 
  fewer, 
  hurling - irish sport, 
  gren vs the giant . 
  just saw that - no idea why or how it got tagged as hockey, 
  or when the hound told ayra about what the mountain did to him and how his father covered it up, 
  can see that little shit robin ending up on the iron throne at some point as littlefingers puppet, 
  he used to write an episode a season, 
  he did n't this season nor will he in season 6 as he concentrating on d'book, 
  so is it then goodman 's or goodmen ? 
  ha this is exactly what i was thinking off . . 
  jaysus i love reddit at times, 
  did hodor not get to hodor in the pilot ? 
  maybe goodmen is the bastard name to the lands of house goodman, 
  all the lil goodmen long to be legitimised and become a goodman . 
  it 's why ramsay liked twenty goodmen - was a bastard like himself, 
  listen to the music for house greyjoy then listen to the music for reek . 
  i love the way it similar but reek is just much more distorted and music more jagged and bits of the melody is `` trimmed '' - like reek himself, 
  grens death upset me loads, 
  fewer, 
  anything to do with babies then haha, 
  actually you reminded me , ros 's death was upsetting as i really liked her as a character . 
  also the brotherhood betraying gendry for gold, 
  littlefinger, 
  `` early bird catches the worm, 
  but the early worm gets eaten '', 
  `` you said something about being from in iran '', 
  13/15 - two got wrong was where mel was from and did n't know pod payne was related to ilyn payne, 
  now gren was one fookin ligind, 
  gon na go with few more obscure top 5 moments :, 
  1 ) luwin trying convince theon to join nights watch - with the horn blowing coooont ( ramsay ) in background, 
  2 ) obreyn saying he will be tyrion 's champion, 
  3 ) vicerys getting his golden crown, 
  4 ) the mountain vs loras/hound at the tournie for the hand, 
  5 ) jamie loosing his hand to locke,
