   i still had fun but i was n't chasing wights on the other hand . 
  in the north , wights chase you, 
  wonder would eddie o'sullivan be up for it ? 
  first off congratulations , you 'll love galway . 
  always thought rahoon is handy spot as there are 2 buses to college/city centre and cycle lanes , plus shops like dunnes and aldi close by . 
  here seems decent spot : https://touch.daft.ie/galway/house-share/rahoon/bun-caise-bishop-o-donnell-road-rahoon-galway-959792, 
  what was cameroon thinking , bringing refendums on so early, 
  four lions - great film, 
  rickons wolf hated chains ... and is killed by the umbers , who 's sigil are chains, 
  was impossible to find good link for floyd v pacquiao alright, 
  belguim or germany would have been cool location for final, 
  wales did n't put forward any stadium . . cardiff city stadium would be ideal imo, 
  ya obviously italy but they did n't put forward any stadium afaik, 
  33,000 would be enough . 
  millennium stadium too big for any pro 14 final, 
  millennium stadium is being used for ed sheeran concerts during final and wales did n't put forward any stadium ( i said above cardiff city stadium would be ideal ) to host final - remind me how is it the league 's fault that the final is n't in wales ? 
  a 30 second scene could have added so much to those extras dying , in east watch before they go :, 
  tormund : we 're going hunting for a wight , who 's up for it ? 
  wildlings : ya , fuckin boring here, 
  then boom , you have given the red shirts a bit of substance, 
  or remember when we all thought the umbers were really with the starks and were playing the bolton 's , and that it was n't shaggydogs head at all ... we have a habit of overthinking things, 
  party at h4k01n 's gaff !, 
  he said it used to be team seeded ( based on league position ) got home advantage in pro12 final from 08/09 seasons until the 13/14 season . 
  ospreys won in 09/10 and 11/12 but had to play away in leinster as leinster had finished top of table while ospreys were second . 
  if a welsh team had finished top of the league in any of these seasons those stats you keep popping out would be more even , 
  it then changed to a set location from 14/15 onwards - not sure why wales do n't go to host this final , that 's an issue for the wru not the pro14, 
  the best teams were rewarded because if they finished higher in the league they got to host the final . 
  wales never hosted a final because they never had a seeded team in the final . 
  ( the final last would have been in thomond if was going on the old rules , as munster were top seeds and scarlets were 3rd seeds . ), 
  this has since changed to a designated final . 
  wales have never hosted a final because , well , again that 's up to wru , they have n't applied to host any afaik, 
   how have last year 's champions been rewarded ? 
  they are rewarded by being top seeds in the champions cup . 
  what exactly else do you want ? 
  ravenhill hosted final between glasgow and munster as it was the designated final . . ? 
  it was the first year for designated final so understable why was a non test stadium in that regard - i 'll admit i thought it was wanky they announced it mid season as glasgow should have got to host the final as they finished top of table . 
  it turned out okay as they won it though, 
  get onto wru why they hosting ed sheeran and not pro14 final if it pisses you off so much . 
  christ , it so goddamn easy to moan about pro14 , thought after the brilliant rugby scarlets played winning it that it might soften the welsh 's attitude to the competition but clearly i was mistaken, 
  umm ... no ... 
  was n't a fan of the music in prison break personally, 
  the fox and the hound, 
  if you are in murty rabbits before the match you 'll find someone to take it off you in exchange nfor a few scoops, 
  the big question is can james ryan make the step up from international level to dragons, 
  it 's a decent connacht team though , aki , healy , marmion , dillane , buckley , masterson - and butler has been good in preseason, 
  should be good match, 
  unfortunately it 's gon na be a wash out in galway so we prob wo n't get the open rugby we got in the two games we saw last season, 
  if you are in galway definitely try and see a connacht rugby match - atmosphere is brilliant . 
  i 'm hoping the cold opening is a bit more backstory to the night king, 
  jon is also very lucky . 
  if you rewatch the series it 's mad so many times he has been `` saved '' - halfhands willing to sacrifice himself when they 're caught by the wildlings , crasters daughter helping kill tanner when jon was losing the fight , olly killing ygritte , stannis riding in and saving him from mance , melissandre being able resurrect him , knights of the vale turning up and winning botb , daenarys and benjen saving them north of the wall ... 
  im not giving out about any of the above , but just compare it to theon story who never had any luck in similar scenarios . 
  infact , his own men turned him over at winterfell after yara refused to help him in anyway . 
  grrm himself said something along the lines that theon is the antithesis to jon as he wants to be a hero but has no luck and makes bad calls :, 
   in some senses , theon is struggling all the way through to be a hero . 
  they both come out of the same situation : they 're both raised in winterfell by eddard stark , but they 're not part of the real , core family . 
  theon is a ward , and jon snow is a bastard son . 
  so they 're both a little outside , but jon handles this successfully , and theon fails to handle this . 
  he is poisoned by his own envy and his sense of not belonging . 
  well even him having such `` destiny '' is in itself lucky . . 
  fate does not care for theon, 
  grenns death was so heroic , deserves some sort of song in his and the other nights watch honor, 
  i 'm expecting tormund and beric to meet up with edd at the top of the wall at castle black, 
  jon did n't even mention white walkers in the dragon pit , just showed them a wight . 
  good post , but i personally do n't like the theory about him being able to see vision 's in the fire through out his life . 
  for me it takes away from his character . 
  i like idea that sandor was innocently playing with a toy when gregor came in and melted his face . 
  i like that for such a big brute of a great warrior , this childhood trauma still is his achilles heel . 
  stannis could see vision 's in the flames when melissandre made him look to the fire , i expect it was similar for thoros making hound look . . red priest 's being able to conjure such ability or something . 
  again , good post - but personally i disagree with it , 
  `` you looked beautiful when you pushed me off the tower '', 
  joffrey quote from s01e03 about there being a royal army will have come true, 
  ah for feck sake , i actually did n't mind finian mcgrath in comparison to majority of the tds ... 
  it 's the hope that kills ya, 
  hon jack canning !!!, 
  next john muldoon , lads a cracking rugby player as well as hurler, 
  bran is no longer really bran though, 
  show made a mistake in season 2 by not making damphair a proper character - this could have allowed euron and damphair to have some scene 's together in season 6 on the iron island 's to flesh out both characters ( after theon and yara flee ), 
  it could show how truly sadistic euron is - and have him refence what 's in the book 's about euron sexually abusing damphair when they were children, 
  season one had minimal fantasy elements , it was largely a historical drama like tudors or rome , so people who 'd be usually put off by that got hooked, 
  there must always be a stark in winterfell, 
  jon/dany could make gendry legitimate and he could be a baratheon , like ramsay became a bolton, 
  tyrion already hinted at democracy being the future , so marriages based around power may be less important, 
  what ? 
  nothing, 
  lads , stop , ye ' r embarrassing yourselves, 
  from a sales pov ? 
  yes , it was a failure, 
  fuckin snickers on toast - reason we ca n't afford mortgages, 
  mike fuckin phillips, 
  yes , this , we already saw ww walk through normal fire in hardhome and through fire from the children of the forest magic at the 3 eye raven cave, 
  and then at the frozen lake the nk walked through dragon fire, 
  some rory gallagher would be amazing - particularly `` shadow play '', 
  no peas, 
  jordan klepper is very good, 
  dont be so precious , it was a pretty funny joke tbf, 
  the actual premise is a solid joke - like making the person irish is n't the punchline, 
  on the box set blu rays, 
  ... when the blu rays were released ... 
  1 each season,
