  well he was best b&i hooker through out the 6n . . 
  i getcha , i do n't think best or hartley had particularly good 6n but at least 1 of them will certainly travel, 
  hogg and liam williams for me - with henshaw and elliot daly also able to cover, 
  i voted france cause they 've better stadiums and transport infrastructure ... 
  but fuck me be some session if was held in ireland , the atmosphere of october 2023 would be 90 % guinness farts, 
  riskiest link i clicked on all day, 
  it certainly was unprofessional , dignity and respect for patients is extremely important . 
  he never recovered from bod calling his bluff and having to stand down as writer of his biography, 
  well u/fluffydianthus is n't wrong ... 
  sportsground not even included ( rightly so mind , capacity way to small ), 
  he did not have sexual relations with that sandal, 
  guessing you meant toh ? 
  denis buckley at connacht, 
  stockdale is a nailed on future irish player so do n't think he counts, 
  zebre v connacht is being counted as a fixture of round 18 so guessing players from those teams will get the points after that fixture, 
  no that been scraped, 
  nakarawa and donnacha ryan is an intimidating lock pairing, 
  toh was class against glasgow . . 
  i really wish joe had given him a sniff in the 6n, 
  the twist at the end of saw 1 . . 
  ahh jaysus graham - you 're a legend but jaaaaaayssssuuuusss, 
  punjana - underrated tea in the tea community, 
  the libertearian option, 
  went to the ed fringe festival on my own for a few days - is good laugh and worth going to . 
  edinburgh is a lovely city anyway but there 's a million and one things to do there during the fringe festival, 
  guessing op means that they 're facing the brexit , not necessarily that they were supportive of it, 
  some unsolicited advice : drop the passive aggressive `` mate '' nonsense , you look ridiculous, 
  good thing you do n't look ridiculous now, 
  trump joining the pga tour was so good i burst out laughing on bus on the way to work, 
  he did n't cut his hand on a receipt - he cut it on a bit of glass and had to get surgery as a result . . 77k does seem bit mad but it is not the most ridiculous claim you 'll ever see, 
  which episode ? 
  cool thanks, 
  no bus eireann workers striked at these points and dublin bus drivers would n't cross the picket line, 
  how did you get involved with avenged sevenfold on their new album ? 
  better call saul had only like 2 episodes to go in season 2 before i realized it was back , sometimes you just miss things . 
  it 's no big deal, 
  yikes , talk about snubbing italy . 
  san siro would have been deadly . 
  but bilbao will obviously also be class and newcastle is always a wonderfully mad city, 
  i 've seen headlines like this and `` tj schools ref '' - but he did n't really , things like this happen all the time and ref handled it well, 
  vern cotter ? 
  he joining montpellier, 
  ah did n't know the context of that , makes it funnier alright :d, 
  i 'll be honest , i thought ye were a pyramid teabag, 
  seeing zebre celebrate winning so much actually cheered me up tbh . 
  they should have won back in september but for the weather so can say justice done ... 
  think henshaw got his try for leinster just as zebre went 25-15 up - was doubly cruel . 
  last season seems a loooooooong time ago, 
  can in the coat pocket lads, 
  oh i went cinema with a friend who 's mum died to see gotg - when the spaceship turns up after the mom dies she turned to me and went `` that does n't happen '' - i do n't think i 've ever laughed as much, 
  edit : also sorry for your loss, 
  rather someone be cringey than a cunt - using autism as an insult is pretty pathetic, 
  fai , what a shower of knobshites, 
  have some `` tact '', 
  tadgh furlong for me . 
  sam harris is a bit of a bollocks so do n't know why that would ruin it for you, 
  cool that fiji get a home game, 
  just the interviews i 've seen with him . 
  comes across as a bit of an auld bollocks to me . 
  ireland , 
  no i 'm atheist but i just find him a knob at times . 
  i like dawkins book `` unraveling the rainbow '' but i also find him a bit of an unnecessary dick at times . 
  tim minchin and stephen fry would be two atheists i enjoy listening to, 
  seems to be a decent amount of connacht fans at the game, 
  `` bit of a bollocks '' means he is not a total bollocks - just comes across as a bollocks at times . 
  seems to be alright 0_o, 
  did your players look to retreat to get onside ? 
  if they just stood there they are not making an effort to get onside so is right call by ref, 
  i preferred when seeing a post by a7x meant something big was happening . 
  would love something like that in galway for connacht, 
  he is better and more consistent than youngs for me . 
  he 'd be my 21 jersey for lions . 
  count the zeros, 
  mmm moonshine, 
  on bench, 
  wo n't it still have to be passed by the dail to hold a referendum though ? 
  marmions tackle on daly was my 6 nations highlight, 
  more ex pros that become refs the better . 
  frank murphy ( former connacht and leicester sh ) has become a decent referee, 
  pc gone mad, 
  animal, 
  iv always said it but , between hayes and then ross , they kept our scrum competitive when we had zero cover at th available to us . 
  so important to where irish rugby currently finds itself - wish him all the best in the future, 
  i can smell the guinness farts already !!!!, 
  that must have been some transition, 
  it 's a very well done tattoo ... 
  but it 's horrible, 
  a true munster man, 
  clicked the link and saw was `` rugbylad '' - pressed back button . 
  fuck that site, 
  a south african cap ? 
  do you have an issue with the name harlequins aswell ? 
  oh sorry i thought you meant name was crap as had no local identity attached . 
  is saracens an offensive name ? 
  ya just had a read there - it is kinda like washington redskins alright when ya think about it . 
  ya that is all fair comment -, 
  read a book, 
  you were the one coming across as a dick mate with your reply of `` ok ... sorry its expected to know what that means ? 
  lmao '' to the person answering your question . . 
  . . i 'll admit my reply was probably unnecessary,
