  nor as another poster brilliantly said the shows arc as they left out the northern lord 's at the wedding . . 
  a rugby version of ultimate team would be the greatest thing on earth, 
  he still gets a dig in at penny as much as he can when he is on off the ball ... 
  it 's pathetic . . 
  vampire confirmed, 
  live camera 's really bring out the cunt in people, 
  this exactly - marler said something that he deserved to get punished for - 6n did n't act and now is dragging on . 
  it 's the 6n lack of action i 've issue with, 
  typical cock merchant, 
  it 's horrendous, 
  no doubt privilege is a thing , nothing wrong with being a bit aware of your own and should allow you to be bit more empathic to those with less . 
  that said there are alot more variables than simple `` privilege '' to society, 
  youtube : rugby tv, 
  usually good for pro12 games, 
  i do n't see the issue with just dragons or gwent dragons ? 
  i mean newport is in gwent is it not ? 
  you 're aware the `` front page '' is tailored to what subreddits you 've subscribed too ? 
  `` to hell or to iron islands '', 
  he was n't in season 1 afaik, 
  ... you realise you just agreed with what i said . . ? 
  mate , cersei has gone bananas - she will want him dead, 
   well , i think his fate is in jaime 's hands . 
  well that is just unnecessary :p, 
  also remember how joeffry mocked him for crying when myrcella went away - he is going to take her death very hard ... 
  lisa needs braces, 
  no body deserves what was done to him over season 3-5, 
  the sevens mode might be good - it be ridiculously hard to code proper rucking hence why majority of rugby games are shite, 
  fecking brits, 
  fuuuuuuuck :(, 
  [ roose bolton is an immortal being , possibly an other , that steals and wears other people 's skin . 
  ] ( http://awoiaf.westeros.org/index.php/roose_bolton/theories ), 
  jordi murphy over jack o'donoghue or eoin mckeon is very puzzling i must admit, 
  not even gon na comment on buckley 's exclusion from the squad ... 
  more crucially : how in the thundering jaysus is denis buckley not ?!?!, 
  is there a website or database where i can look up previous years tables by rounds ? 
  would love to chart glasgow warriors and connacht 's rise, 
  to a degree i get you . . 
  but `` professional rugby '' is almost as much a class problem as a race problem - it just so happens majority of lower class who do n't attend the private schools ( where most rugby players in sa getting their best development ) are people who are black . 
  this in turn means they do n't get the same opportunity due to not achieving nearly daily high class coaching from ages 12-17, 
  now imo by introducing a racial quota sa are not actually addressing the racial and social inequalities but trying to paint a picture to the outside world of `` look how diverse we are '' - it is n't addressing the real problems at all of either 1 ) making club game more strong 2 ) having greater social mobility allowing more people attend these private schools where they have a greater chance of professional contract, 
  does n't seem to work for pro12, 
  it just shows the final league table of that season, 
  i understand your point and the argument for it . . 
  i am personally uncomfortable with seemingly `` artificial '' equality - but i understand this policy is coming from a place of such institutional inequality that it may be a necessary solution . . 
  will be interesting to see how it pays out, 
  game of thrones xv, 
  1 : sam tarly ( is the spit of denis buckley ), 
  2 : podrik ( cuase we all know he 'd make a good hooker ), 
  3 : the mountain ( all tight heads look like him in their heads ), 
  4 : tormund ( angry ginger - got ta go in the row ), 
  5 : wun wun ( almost as tall as toner ), 
  6 : karl drogo ( a poor man 's gorgodze ), 
  7 : davos ( something `` smuggles openside pun '' - heads gone blank ), 
  8 : robert barratheon ( pre king days ), 
  10 : tywin lannister ( he be scheming something the shnaake like all daaycent oh ), 
  11 : jamie lannister ( has a good hand off ), 
  12 : the hound ( consistent player , does n't like to go on a hot streak though ), 
  13 : ( c ) night king ( lads as cool as ice . 
  ability to make those around him rise to the occasion ), 
  14 : ramsay bolton ( good at skinning defenders ), 
  15 : obreyn martell ( such an exciting player , mind blowing at times ), 
  jon snow ? 
  icecreamofdanort, 
  i fncking hate when people high-jack the songs with that shite, 
  great video though, 
  it is frankie sheehan who droves me demented , but i would n't petition for him to loose his job . . pretty lousy thing to do imo, 
  ya frankie is actually not the worst when he is on the panel in studio ( not great either mind ) but when he is commentating : just no, 
  fewer, 
  the original reek would have ... 
  overrated, 
  after seeing wun wun in action - grenn and the 5 other nightswatch lads who held the gate against that giant in s04e09 deserve a mention too, 
  there is no `` championship game '' as such . 
  it is a league ( 3 points for a win , 1 for a draw , 0 for a loss ) , by tottenham drawing tonight it meant even if leicester lose all their remaining games and tottenham win all of theirs , tottenham still wo n't be able catch them so leicester are champions, 
  no he did n't, 
  chat shit get flayed, 
  ya pretty shitty thing to do, 
  it would be japan winning the world cup, 
  well remember ramsay flayed parents infront of a child so that the child would pay taxes - he bragged this to roose who was unaware . . 
  but then littlefinger did n't seem to be aware of ramsay 's cruelty so it 's possible alright that it is not well known, 
  never forget, 
  red card is even worse considering it would have been a glasgow penalty if he had n't done it - what an eejit, 
  starting around time of jamie lannister fighting the smiling knight , the tourney at harrenhall , roberts rebellion and right up to the greyjoy rebellion, 
  not eligible to play for ireland until october 2017, 
  does he not have to be playing in nz to be eligible for selection ? 
  jack ? 
  ya pretty much this - he is also injured himself remember, 
  ya cause fuck atmosphere . . 
  seriously , best thing about northern hemisphere rugby is the atmosphere you get at grounds as you get away fans travelling and creates good buzz around areas . . 
  having pints with opposition fans is one of the best parts of bein a rugby fan ( up until recently it 's all us connacht fans had ), 
  if start operating on some global scale that 'll all be watered down - which would be a shame, 
  thomond is always rocking for these games against tour sides - saili haka vs maori haka, 
  the guy in car did n't egg him - but he did n't seem to give a shit that the guy did . . 
  kid does n't understand how to play `` what 's snots '' on the den . . 
  i 'm at work so will add link later, 
  zzz, 
  never said it was `` impossible '' , i said it 's not looking likely after that episode . . 
  we 've only seen ramsay write a letter once before , to balon greyjoy in the show . 
  he used similar provocative language - but he always told the truth . 
  it really was theons `` toy '' he sent not a fake and he kept his promise to flay alive the iron born in moat cailin . . we 've no reason to believe he is lying about having a shaggy rug . . maybe the fact we did n't see it gives us hope though . . 
  about asha , i ca n't bring to believe myself that they went along with a plan to voluntarily put themselvey in such danger .
