i 'm not gon na get into any conspiracy nonsense but the fact that israel plays under uefa banner ca n't be ignored in this instance . . why a nations flag should be illegal at a football game is beyond me . . 
  or an american flag by that accounts ... 
  the reason given for fine by uefa is that palestine is in a conflict - hence is political . 
  america is in conflict in afghanistan and iraq - what is the difference ? 
  plus saying palestinian flag is like isis flag shows your ignorance, 
  they are recognised as a sovereign state by the un . . 
  erm , the two are n't mutually exclusive - can still miss the rev and appreciate arin ... 
  either second heartbeat or chapter four deserved their own music video . 
  chapter four would have been fun with a biblical imagery . . 
  from their new stuff , a music video for heretic would be fantastic - great imagery in that song and a decent director could have great fun with it . . 
  from what i gathered they just find the imagery in the bible to be cool . 
  my gawd that jason ellis seems like a dick, 
  i still laugh at the rev 's speech at the vma 's going `` i 'd like to thank god , which ever one i believe in '', 
  for the following :, 
  burgers, 
  gravy for steak, 
  what a cunt . 
  i do n't even know who cliff cash is but wan na get him a pint after listening to that shite, 
  hands down, 
  `` nothing too see here folks - walkers on '', 
  love all them but the op asked for `` early 20 or so '' comedians, 
  agree with hannibal burress - bo burnham is fun also . 
  some my favs which do n't exactly fit your criteria but possible do n't know about : tony law , david o'doherty and dara o'briain, 
  lost alot of respect for her after her comments about the children dying in gaza . . that said , i would never wish ill on someone . . 
  was n't it on the mvi which came with the album ? 
  i know there are a few on the amazon.co.uk website : http://www.amazon.co.uk/avenged-sevenfold-mvi/dp/b000vea30w, 
  sidewinder , buried alive or chapter four, 
  clash of the titans, 
  if doyle can hold it up like he used to its not a bad lineup . 
  do n't understand given return - forde being doing well with millwall and westwood has moved to sheffield wed so should be seing first team football again . . 
  doyle upfront and given in goal ... sweet jesus am i living in the past ? 
  irish society would collapse if this secret was to get out, 
  something something `` kicking bishop dreenan up the arse '', 
  am i riiiiiight ?!? 
  exactly , whose blight idea was it ? 
  while wearing an england jersey ... could n't make it up, 
  census 2011 found 49,204 identified themselves as muslim . 
  0.07 % of that is 34.44 people . . 
  some bad decisions against teams but my gawd ... 
  connacht backline looked very nice today . 
  considering still have henshaw , aki , marimon and mils to come into it ca n't help but be optimistic . . 
  lee byrne played very well for dragons - although could have potentially gotten a red for challenge on carty in air . 
  niyi and poolman have serious pace, 
  he needs to bulk up abit as kinda got pushed around a small bit in defence ( still made his tackles mind ) . . but his offloads were top draw must say, 
  only players unavailable ahead of him are tiernan and healy . 
  be difficult for either replace him if he keeps this form up, 
  exclussive : there are some cunts in the world, 
  here is a video of israelis singing about `` no school in gaza - the children are all dead '', 
  point is - there are dicks everywhere, 
  the only downside to this being so exciting is that the ireland v georgia game gon na be extra shite, 
  seriously , how many points has he cost scarlets over the seasons ? 
  decent player but not worth the risk . . 
  in other news - dat poolman try doe, 
  poolman over niyi for me - and jake heenan at 7 for connacht deserves a mention although du preez was brilliant in thomond so hard to argue . 
  lee byrne played quite well for dragons despite his yellow . 
  fish - mainly herring . 
  and oil . 
  in russia - reddit describes you, 
   if northern irish sectarianism had sprung from the dispossession of catholics by 17th-century protestant planters , scottish sectarianism came from too large and fast an influx of irish catholics in the 19th century . 
  wow victim blame much, 
  only two surprises really for me :, 
  1 ) george not starting over mckeon - naoupu had a smashing second half last week, 
  2 ) thought layden did enough to earn spot on bench ( can cover wing and fb ) over carr, 
  confident we can get a lbp . 
  got hammered here last season following a disastrous last 10 mins . 
  edinburgh showed they a well drilled team last week in thomond so under no illusions . 
  looking forward to it . 
  all my a/l is used up til xmas so was n't able book day off to fly over to it . . 
  connacht playing decent rugby opening half . 
  we just lack that killer instinct at times . . 
  harsh to be going in behind at ht . 
  murrayfield pitch looks amazing . 
  the try zone not bit small though ha, 
  dennis buckley been a baws in the scrum tonight !, 
  2 out of 2, 
  nice of robbie to get all his errors for the season out the way in one full 80 . 
  bring on leinster ha, 
  best part is number 4 on the touchline losing his shit haha, 
  `` met a girl named macy, 
  had sex with her all day, 
  but she was dyslexic, 
  so ended up doing the ymca '', 
  brilliant, 
  very harsh on mick kearney to be dropped - he was connachts top tackler and lineout target last week . . 
  that leinster pack is rather intimidating - ross v buckley will be interesting . 
  gif of robbie 's hit on gopperth . 
  this is when we were down to 14 - and was 4 on 2 overlap if henshaw does n't make the hit . . 
  have seen them all 6 times in ireland . 
  fav has to be my first - opened with chapter four , and had a setlist which included iwsyt and strength of the world . 
  had an irish flag with me with a7x painted on - a good few in crowd did , was awesome to hear the rev mention us in the all excess dvd ( i did n't throw mine on stage mind ), 
  love the piano intro, 
  always assumed was named `` jd '' after the terminator sequel, 
  nicest munster in , well , ever tbh, 
  rory and gmac issued a joint statement to the effect that they will not be responding directly to this comment but phil will be hearing from their lawyers #glovesareoff #waitgolfersjustwearoneglove #gloveisoff, 
  good news :, 
  game is live on bbc radio scotland mw, 
  bad news :, 
  it is uk only - and im fairly proxy-phobic ( ie . 
  no idea how to get proxy ), 
  both teams missing big players - connacht without both faloon and heenan so have a no .
