  exeter stadium meant be brilliant aswell, 
  but i like bullhit, 
  to get to the otter side ? 
  hiccups ? 
  foley has been awful this season , chisom a good signing but has been mixed bag , ryan is brilliant when fit, 
  the 3 form wingers are trimble , . scholes and healy, 
  shame that only 1 of them will start in 6n, 
  the way zebo has been playing he does n't deserve to even be called up to even the extended training squad . . love your backline of trimble and fitzgerald on wings with payne fb and mccloskey 12 and robbie 13 . . 
  god save the queen as the british and irish lions anthem ? 
  spot the problem , 
  jerusalem is a bit of a choon alright, 
  no biggie . . 
  you damn dreadfortonians - leave prince theon be, 
  what is dead may never die, 
  was the valonqar mentioned in the show prophecy ? 
  ramsay snow is described totally different in the books aswell, 
  where would you start though , tourney at harrenhal ? 
  maybe start around time with jamie lannister and the kingswood brotherhood ? 
  infact all of this from jamie 's wiki :, 
  `` at the age of fifteen , jaime participated in the campaign against the kingswood brotherhood , during which he saved lord crakehall from big belly ben and crossed swords with the psychotic smiling knight . 
  he was knighted on the battlefield by ser arthur dayne . 
  on his return to casterly rock , jaime stopped in king 's landing to visit his sister , from whom he had been separated for years . 
  it was there that cersei told him that lord tywin intended to marry him to lysa tully , second daughter of lord hoster tully of riverrun . 
  cersei suggested that jaime become a member of the kingsguard instead , replacing the recently deceased ser harlan grandison , to be close to her and free himself of the unwanted marriage to lysa . 
  after a night of passionate sex , he gave his consent to cersei 's plan , although they both expected that their father would be opposed to it . 
  she made the necessary arrangements over the next month and jaime received news in casterly rock that he had been chosen for the kingsguard . 
  a moon 's turn later , jaime was raised to the kingsguard by lord commander ser gerold hightower in a ceremony during the tourney at harrenhal , making him the youngest knight ever to be raised to the order . 
  that night , however , king aerys ii targaryen soured the honor by sending him back to king 's landing to guard queen rhaella and prince viserys , depriving him of the chance to participate in lord walter whent 's tourney . 
  jaime realized then that the king had only chosen him for the kingsguard as a slight against lord tywin , of whom aerys was insanely jealous , to rob him of his heir . 
  furthermore , the plan failed to bring jaime and cersei closer together , as they had intended . 
  lord tywin , furious at the turn of events , used a pretext to resign as hand of the king and returned with cersei to casterly rock . 
  jaime remained at court , guarding the king . 
  do n't think it 's a netflix special , but tim minchin 's orchestra show is worth watching, 
  ara shure what can ya do, 
  goodbye dave :(, 
  sickened i did n't go on this trip now, 
  one of the lads adamant he got thomas to sign a contract for us :p, 
  ireland - pints . . 
  swear ta feck if they banned alcohol ireland would go into meltdown, 
  darknees surrounding has a great fill, 
  that was scarlets away last year, 
  alot of connacht fans have been saying that muldoon is a legend and a great leader ( he had a stormer against brive at weekend ) - but not ideal captain with way he whines to the ref ... 
  tom mccartney , aly muldowney , jake hennan or eoghan masterson seem bit more level headed and all good candidates for captain, 
  this was from 14/15 scarlets v connacht match, 
  i 'm disabled, 
  how did it happen ? 
  ... acid ... 
  cosby did that himself, 
  this is from 14/15 scarlets v connacht match, 
  balon dying wo n't be in the trailer - can see quick glimpses of yara and the seastone chair, 
  what the belgians did in the congo was disgusting, 
  as long as they do n't `` do a dorne on them '' i 'm really looking forward to season six greyjoy storyline making comments such as `` they suck '' laughable , 
  from the got wiki :, 
  a common prayer exchanged by followers of the drowned god is `` what is dead may never die '' , with the responding line , `` but rises again , harder and stronger '' . 
  if one person begins this prayer , others are usually expected to join in . 
  the prayer involves clutching the right hand in a fist over the heart . 
  priests of the drowned god are called drowned men . 
  they anoint devotees using sea water , which is considered to be holy water in the religion . 
  infants are ceremonially `` drowned '' during a baptism rite by being briefly submerged in sea water , or by a priest pouring sea water over their head . 
  adults may also be anointed with sea water in this fashion , when receiving a blessing from one of the drowned men . 
  during the blessing ceremony , the following exchange occurs as the priest pours holy sea water over the adherent 's head :, 
  drowned priest : `` let [ name ] your servant be born again from the sea , as you were . 
  bless him with salt , bless him with stone , bless him with steel . '', 
  response : `` what is dead may never die . '', 
  drowned priest : `` what is dead may never die , but rises again , harder and stronger . '', 
  is there a missing link op ? 
  i do n't get what you are on about ? 
  [ gif credited to murray kinsella of 42 . ie ] ( http://www.the42.ie/matt-healy-double-chip-connacht-brive-2557954-jan2016/?utm_source=twitter_self ), 
  i bet his voicemail is still `` wazzzup '', 
  the one with moshe kasher ( sp ? 
  ) , tim minchin , david o'doherty and his two with bo burnham are my favourite ymiw episodes, 
  joeffry barothean/lannister at 10 ... then let the fecker get battered by opposition, 
  ah the phantom shit, 
  yes but there is no innate `` pinochio response '' that you make exclusively when lying - getting nervous is often interpreted as `` lying '', 
  what is dead may never die, 
  so they are not also known as `` lie detectors '' ? 
  connacht beating toulouse in france, 
  what is with the `` oh i do n't know '' in the title op ? 
  a cock merchant, 
  theon and the iron born seizing winterfell ... my favourite scene is between [ theon and maester luwin ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5eyjin4r18 ) - which is followed by theon 's speech . . 
  sorry for your loss but ... 
  ... is that a half pint of guinness i see ?!, 
  * shakes head in dissapointment *, 
  farts being funny, 
  after loving first 3 season 's of criminal minds it quickly began to get a bit blah . . 
  the episode when an unsub was killing people with tornadoes was beyond ridiculous and i have n't watched an episode since . . 
  a true hero, 
  no him but fun nonetheless, 
  you legend, 
  selfish connacht fan here : this is the best season ever , second in pro12 and a quarter final in grenoble to look forward to in april . . 
  all with playing some beautiful rugby while working off a solid set piece - with a lot of home grown academy players, 
  also have 5 connacht players in irish squad , pretty sure highest ever , with 2 guaranteed starters ( white and henshaw ) and then with 3 more on top of the 5 who are there or there abouts the irish squad ( buckley , toh and healy ), 
  obviously it would be much better for irish rugby if the 3 provinces were still in champion 's cup but does my head in when viewed as munster & leinster = irish rugby . 
  i ca n't wait for 6 nations, 
  if they just changed it to `` it 's not who you want to win / it 's who you want to beat '' would have worked a bit better imo, 
  wales and france are the two teams i fecking love beating, 
  boards.ie pretty much killed `` after hours '' by banning political threads and setting up `` politics cafe '' . . 
  the ge is just a month - i do n't see what the big deal is letting people post about it . . like others said , add flairs so people can filter them out if they want . . 
  illuminati confirmed, 
  i know sweet eff all about this roosh guy , but these are extracts from his `` self help '' book :,
