  not mad on ditr as not a big fan of the remixes or walk cover - but demons , crossroads and dancing dead are 3 brilliant songs, 
  cool story bro, 
  the ayran islands are fucked, 
  i 'm really lambenting reading this conversation, 
  it is a balls how they do n't let you know , i now set a reminder a month on from day i top up to let me know i 'm being charged, 
  dissecting a joke is great craic, 
  big . 
  unfortunately they 're not , japan would beat them . 
  they had a good team a few seasons ago mind , hopefully they kick on from here though, 
  amateur psychologists, 
  lol, 
  he was pulling the piss, 
  `` what color is my blue bucket ? '', 
  socky : fucking with kids heads since mid 90 's, 
  i luv black puddin ', 
  so is chance homeward bound ? 
  `` as safe as a hatter '', 
  `` is it an object ? '', 
  `` yes it 's an object , ask another question, 
  `` can you cut things with it ? '', 
  : : presses button to notify the authorities : :, 
  ah sound guy , got talking to him in the jacks in skeff in galway after his exeter side beat connacht in challenge cup . 
  usual clusterfuck of comments from people who did n't read the article on fb, 
  do n't know why this is downvoted , was clearly a joke, 
  get the mobdro app !, 
  brilliant what-about-ary, 
  um , of course they will . . ? 
  everyone 's on steroids, 
  well he was kinda revived . . 
  it 's like trying to talk to fucking turnip, 
  he is pulling the piss lad, 
  refuse to click on any link to punditarena . . 
  exclusive : dillane has signed with munster, 
  i 'm sure they could use a similar physics engine from their madden franchise . . 
  mind you trying to get a realistic ruck simulation would be a nightmare to code i 'd imagine, 
  connacht winning the pro12, 
  dillane to munster confirmed, 
  shushing people when the weather is on tv or the radio, 
  6 yellows and 2 reds according to : http://www.itsrugby.co.uk/player-22403.html, 
  out for the season, 
  so edgy, 
  50 shades of gray, 
  best irish coach out there tbf, 
  syn with rodrigo y gabriella would be amazing, 
  i 'm sure northampton will sign him up , 
  i love a7x, 
  but that sounds like a fucking rip of tbh, 
  1 breaking their hold, 
  2 waking the fallen, 
  4 scream, 
  5 almost easy remix, 
  6 danger line, 
  7 doing time, 
  8 simulation, 
  ya , i 'd probably like that album alright ha, 
  bollocks to that, 
  hopefully you did n't just rat on the guy - dublin bus are meant to be pricks regards their uniform, 
  heretic, 
  muldowney is better than mccarthy and holland though - would n't get ahead of ryan , toner , henderson or dillane though alright, 
  and muldowney is of course still qualified to play for ireland , he had irish grandparents so, 
  every time they 've come to ireland . 
  ambassador in dublin in 05 , rds in 06 , ambassador again in 07 , marley park in 08 ( revs second last performance i think ) , in olympia with mike portney and then with arin in the three arena . . 
  gon na be 7th time in january, 
  children of bodom , ghost , apocalyptica and rodrigo y gabriella, 
  easy there cowboy, 
  got a meet and greet for promoting their concert in dublin - was syn , zacky and johnny , as shadows resting voice and rev too hungover from night of guinness, 
  darth mauldoon, 
  video wo n't play , says is unavailable - anyone wan na upload it to vimeo, 
  as other say , ultimate rugby is a good app . 
  i use flashscore - they are good for rugby scores but often get team sheet positions jumbled up, 
  of course it is avenged sevenfold : /, 
  upvoted only because i 'm drunk, 
  owning a horse, 
  could they have built stands around the side pitch at murrayfield ? 
  please do n't refer to avenged sevenfold fans as `` the deathbats '' - avenged sevenfold fans , 
  ah just seems tad cringy , but i replied mostly in jest , feel free to use what ever collective noun you wish , 
  haha , well when i started using `` rathead '' as an online handle he was very much alive , 
  2 was decent , 1 was boring and 3 was shocking, 
  connacht would n't have kicked to the corner if ref said could n't take lineout, 
  great bunch of lads, 
  cuthbert, 
  yes i know - i 'm saying reversing the result does n't make sense due to this . 
  sorry , could n't resist, 
  7th time . . and as excited as ever, 
  there is nothing worse than bad musical comedy tbf , but when done right it is brilliant - tim minchin , bo burnham and bill bailey to name a few great ones . 
  was fucking unreal, 
  they had 5 songs from the stage ? 
  that 's loads when a band has huge back catalog . 
  hell they played 2 songs from stst, 
  they played 5 songs from the stage, 
  syn did the vocals with his guitar - twas unreaaaaaaaaal, 
  ah do n't be a gowl, 
  10th place , nioce, 
  there are instrumentals available, 
  that reminds me i need to check on my property in bulgaria, 
  what is wrong with a person centered approach ? 
  pretty cool of the camp to be so accommodating tbh, 
  that would be a cool tattoo , something like this : https://www.instagram.com/p/bpdj0sldxcu/, 
  ca n't believe there are people who do n't rate toner 0_o, 
  who watches the watchmen ?
