  i mean the umbers putting them in winterfell is just confusing - let rickon get tortured for a while in the hope jon snow ( who they believe is under oath to nights watch ) convinces a group of wildlings to attack winterfell . 
  unless the plan is to get boltons army outside of winterfell and to attack then . 
  but even that is risky , leaving rickon with the boltons . 
  since ramsay name dropped the manderleys in e02 i 'm hoping that atleast some in the `` north remembers '' . . 
  never thought of rickon and osha not being in on it actually . . 
  but that would mean it really was shaggydog 's head , as rickon would have recognised straight away if it was n't and blown the whole thing for the umbers, 
  shame . 
  they could have got around it by sansa mentioning theon helped save her and everything they did to him before they got the letter . 
  that way jon would know who reek is, 
  true , but he also had defensible position against stannis army and still rode out and attacked . . 
  i 'm no fan of dany 's character but that 's not remotely . 
  winning the unsullied is a prime example of her `` earning '' an army . . 
  not only that - but it 's for the fecking bohermore terrace - foooooooooook that, 
  great write up it has to be said - enjoyed reading it . 
  i was over in scotsdoun at start of season and glasgow fans were great fun . 
  obviously i want connacht to win but i really like this glasgow side . . 
  was n't one of the laws the ref penalised for was `` too many people in the ruck '' or something else as equally bizarre, 
  hope we see rest of tower of joy before night king burns the weirwood tree cave place auld 3-eyes is at, 
  ... that does look like a child 's body ... you know what ramsay did to his last prince he had in captivity :(, 
  chris o'dowd is a connacht fan ... 
  i 'm paying $ 225 for flights and $ 103 for accommodation for 2 nights in edinburgh so i think i got a pretty daycent deal compared to some other stories . . 
  it 'd be expensive for me to stay in dublin due to bruce springsteen so much of a muchness, 
  speak for yourself mate , i 'm still gutted over greywind . . 
  mchale park is too big and pearse stadium is a kip and nightmare to get too . . 
  rather a redeveloped sportsground personally, 
  best to edit the photo op - do n't show the phone number for feck sake on reddit , 
  would the child be called sam flower 's had he been reared in sam 's home ? 
  `` if i had the tongue of every man who cursed me , i could make a cloak of them . '', 
  what a line ... 
  ... and poor auld felia flowers ... 
  ramsay is a mad dog , like gregory clegane - euron has their sadism but mixed with tywins cunning ( winning the shields island 's which he ca n't keep just to give them away as a king ) and with oberyns worldly knowledge and travels . . 
  plus he has valerian armour !!, 
  sweet jesus - i 'm worried tv show gon na `` do a dorne '' on him though . . 
  no but hopefully grrm let the lads have an idea . . 
  fact that show aegon and show euron seem to get along doest fill me with much hope ... 
  hopefully , his bridge scene did give me hope . . oh nice i did n't know that , do you have a link to the interview ? 
  love to hear/read it, 
  but sam is n't going north - he is going to oldtown, 
  this welsh side were frightening in the 6n - hopefully wolfpuppies can live with them, 
  ireland v argentina confirmed !, 
  ramsay 's eyes must light up if he sees wun wun - so much potential skin to flay, 
  it 's the pro12 's fault welsh teams are so shite that only 1 can finish in top 6 because it is a shite league = edwards logic, 
  henshaw is contracted to connacht until july , 
  no , henshaw is contracted with connacht until july, 
  pro 12 : `` peak was 43k for sky uk and 63k for sky ire . 
  tg4 saw a peak of over 282k '', 
  that fecking tier2 twitter account is beyond negative, 
  glad to see mils back playing with smile on his face , was horrible how his season with connacht turned out, 
  to be fair , gregor never really had a critical thought anyway , but i do like the theory of him killing tommen, 
  ya exactly same - their hatred for italian rugby is astonishing . . 
  he does n't look fit, 
  that should be a chiefs lineout for me , hit the welsh lads inner thigh when his foot was in touch ... 
  still great try though, 
  for shame that muldowney not in the second row, 
  no worries , i do like that xv you 've come up with regardless, 
  maybe payne will go off at around the 70th minute , henshaw got 10min break last week . . :p, 
  is it not only top team that goes through ? 
  edit : ya you 're right top 2, 
  i hate that youtube channel with a passion i did n't know i possessed, 
  i 'd go for payne 13 marshal 12 and toh 15 - but can see earls 13 . . 
  i love olding but he did n't have a great day on saturday . . 
  turns out the umber 's were just dicks after all . . 
  euron if d&d can somehow implement the lastest aeron chapter . . 
  like the joker . . 
  nah , when they let rickon be killed it was fairly obvious they were n't loyal to the starks ... 
  i disagree - he said similar about his reek never betraying him . . 
  just saw the result by georgia v italy - be great if they were allowed into the u20 6nations . . 
  you serious - that is ridiculous . . would love georgia , romania and russia to be more involved at underage comps, 
  james ryan is 6 ' 8 - he is not too short, 
  max deegan could do with joining ulster academy - he is exactly what they need, 
  if you are on facebook there is a good public group called `` house hunting galway ( for sound people ) '', 
  some special young players in that squad - porter , betts , ryan , deegan , stockdale - they missing another 4 excellent young players in arnold , johnson , gallagher and o'donnell, 
  i doubt people will be - i 'll be supporting them anyhow, 
  that song has had some craic this year between connacht , galway footballers and the euro 's, 
  last 2 and a mins . . 
  . . despite murray clearly being wrecked last 15 mins . . 
  banter, 
  this is why i love the internet - never would have heard this otherwise, 
  asoiaf  chronicles of narnia, 
  see you on the other side folks !, 
  only thing that seemed out of place was sam and gilly - everything else was brilliant . 
  he even made dorne bearable, 
  frey pie !!!!, 
  weird time to fap, 
  r + l = j was not confirmed in this episode, 
  + l = j was confirmed in this episode, 
  let people speculate who the father was, 
  boris is a good name for a bear ... 
  ... but a bad name for a pm, 
  yup , extremely heavily implied but still not confirmed , 
  makes sense as well for ned to be protective of daenarys when robert want 's her killed, 
  no one can stack up to those puns, 
  half of fucking europe, 
  niyi , gilroy and healy - yet we are constantly given mcfadden , earls and dave kearney , can be depressing at times :(, 
  you are not interesting . 
  you are not deep . 
  you are not edgy . 
  criminally underrated, 
  the great rupert vansittart deserves some love for his portrail of yohn royce in the show, 
  the lad who plays sweet robyn nails it aswell . .
