  jaysus you 're sensitive, 
  when lmafo split up and john reads transcript of their interview , gold, 
  nakarawa under the guidance of rennie ?!, 
  triggs and dom ryan are exactly what they need in ulster , hopefully gibbes can lure them up . 
  you 'd think dom ryan should have backed himself to get into that backrow-maybe when london irish get promoted he 'll head there, 
  lights out in rds for leinster v glasgow https://cdn-e2.streamable.com/image/phtad.jpg, 
  you 're forgetting a certain jordi murphy as well - plus doris is looking like another brilliant prospect at u20 level, 
  hold up , was that bo burnham ? 
  i remember your original post . 
  hope you are doing well, 
  all the poor lil animals :(, 
  this is england is good, 
  savage - loved your earlier medley off songs from wtf , coe , st , nightmare and httk so delighted you did whole record of the stage, 
  this was brought to highlight the silliness of the need for a blasphemy law . 
  irish constitution mentions `` the publication or utterance of blasphemous , seditious , or indecent matter is an offence which shall be punishable in accordance with law '', 
  this law was written in 1939 and only included christianity - this was found to be unconstitutional so defamation law 2009 replaced 1939 act to include all religions not just christianity . 
  it will take a referendum to remove blasphemy from the constitution , and is likely to be replaced by prohibition of `` incitement to religious hatred '' . 
  but hopefully the much much more important referendum of `` repealing of the 8th amendment '' will be done before this - but politicians here are terrified to go near the abortion issue, 
  for some reason i see him getting on with iain henderson, 
  my bench then off :, 
  best ( close between owens ), 
  mcgrath, 
  webb, 
  daly ( farrell and hogg cover 10 ), 
  williams, 
  my feelings are lawes and itoje both cover 6 too, 
  japan are better than georgia - and they play the brand of rugby we struggle with . 
  but jaysus it 's gon na be some craic, 
  romania will not need to qualify via the repechage - they will qualify via the european spot . 
  could be some team like germany , uruguay , russia etc, 
  yup , most likely be japan v ireland to kick off the rwc . 
  gon na start saving now, 
  living up to your name i see, 
  gcc did n't take on the church, 
  they got rid of having a prayer before any council business - hardly attacking the rcc ? 
  i get your argument surrounding the flag being pure populism and i agree , but gcc removing the prayer from a civic space does make sense tbf . 
  no one cares about having the prayer either, 
  looking at $ 80 - $ 150 for a ticket , but it is the accommodation and travelling where the real money will be needed . 
  prices are gon na be nuts, 
  hon queen maeve of connacht, 
  by this chap https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/greg_leisz, 
  is probably going to be deployed at 12 where he will be a great battering ram , perfect for warrenball - but he has so much more to his game and playing at 13 outside farrell would allow him to showcase this . 
  is that not what sphe is ? 
  edit : wait that is after jc is n't it ? 
  never mind, 
  only 3 locks traveling is bit risky , especially when two are young lads treadwell and james ryan . 
  i know ruddock can cover . 
  it 's a great squad though - looking forward to the games, 
  not the worst idea, 
  but could he stomach an andy pun run, 
  how would it go to the 9th placed team ? 
  away and shite, 
  saw this live and was amazing : tony law does n't know how to end his show https://youtu.be/-hj0ia6pf98, 
  rhys marshall is a future irish hooker - lad is pure talent . 
  like a young tom mccartney , 
  it is known, 
  ya , itoje would not approve of this shite, 
  do n't know why you are getting down voted - you 're dead right . 
  calling out misogyny is n't censorship, 
  not to mention the pantomime surrounding mcelroy ... 
  but fair play to italy, 
  been a rough season for him - not allowed come start of season by lions despite them not playing him . 
  finally arrives and gets injured . 
  gets back fit and suffers the terrible family tragedy . 
  can understand why he wants to move back to sa . 
  hope works out for him . 
  from a connacht pov - would have made sense to go after ian keatley . 
  just crosbie and jack on the books with luke in the academy, 
  dougal maguire has n't been mentioned, 
  would have liked sean o'brien 2.0 to have traveled , vdf and leavy cover 7 already, 
  but reidy is a handy player in his own right, 
  ya , prob best to burr that bit out, 
  scones like cones or scones like johns ? 
  looking forward to seeing the jagerbomb, 
  we get it lit-up , you 're a republican, 
  ryan is better than average tbf, 
  jaysus , no need be a cunt, 
  long live the snoflake, 
  there is a lot of fun songs on that album that i still listen to , but i can understand why people may not be into it at the same time . 
  scream is one of my least favorite songs in their catalog, 
  did n't they produce s/t themselves ? 
  she 's not dead . 
  she 's gone to live on a farm, 
  it 's more fun but it 's not a better film, 
  in the context of international rugby , ireland is referred to as a home nation . 
  it 's not a controversial statement, 
  watson has been lions best winger this tour to be fair - himself and halfpenny prob gon na start, 
  quality pun - andy zaltman would be proud, 
  does n't stop rob kearney, 
  new caps ? 
  howley and gats wo n't like that, 
  boston public, 
  where is he ? 
  how 'd you manage get a place in galway for 300 ? 
  `` that only counts as one '', 
  oh yes i was house sharing in galway from 2012 to last xmas , place i had was sold so had to look for new gaff and jaysus was feck all . 
  anything that i could afford was so small if ya farted in it you 'd choke, 
  can ya still get ghosties ? 
  or 12th of july, 
  ah sound out , of course forgot that - i searched his name there and first suggested `` person '' was the fecking dup .
