  ya my point was be great if instead of continental shield that champions of their respective leagues ( or a sort of franchise if individual union would rather that ) got a place in the challenge cup, 
  i know i was just being a shit, 
  it was n't just a beating - it was a bradley era absolute hammering, 
  thanks , we 've a decent first xv but fuck all depth - looking at the players yourselves and leinster brought into ye ' r squads , as well as the young lads coming through both ye ' r academies - do n't see connacht competing with either of ye at the business end of the season for next while unfortunately . 
  wait , we 're meant to hate cork ? 
  ya i 'm neither excited about it nor disgusted about it - more just bemused about it, 
  ya they cheated their way to that 60-0, 
  this guy 's a notorious bollocks lads - fecking mad russian nationalist, 
  could be big few months for rol, 
  like a shitty avenger, 
  `` ireland has won a quarter final '', 
  you 're mad , i 'll give you that, 
  payne 13 with either scannel or marshall 12, 
  also , bundee will be irish eligible by the november series so ya never know . . 
  i 'm still convinced nakarawa has some octopus dna - the way he is able to offload is n't natural i tellsa, 
  this is pretty dumb if true, 
  `` well fekit anyway '' - nz probably, 
  maybe , will see . 
  if he plays too his potential i ca n't see him being left out of training squads, 
  he not with newcastle ? 
  delighted . 
  ah fuck this , up for work in 5 hours - good night lads, 
  open your `` eyes '' people, 
  art-rex-em has to be on the card , the russian hammer, 
  avenged sevenfold, 
  sky atlantic do n't do a previously on got - atleast i do n't remember one, 
  ah so , that 's why they annually build `` the biggest fire the north has ever seen '' on the 11th july, 
  dublin is expensive but atleast you 'll likely find something - even if it 's stupidly overpriced . 
  with the luas , dart and dublin bus you 'll find somewhere . 
  galway has fuck all . 
  like literally fuck all rooms . 
  last time i checked daft there were like 11 rooms or something equally stupidly low . 
  it is cheaper than dublin ( and nicer city imo ) but it 's still pricey, 
  bring us back a snickers, 
  fuck , he had such an awesome voice . 
  very hard for his family , hope they have support to help them through, 
  feel for mike shindoa and the rest of the band too, 
  jaysus where did this galway team come from . . 
  this in cong ya ? 
  cool , knew i recognised it, 
  that poll is rather reassuring i must say, 
  fb and twitter . . he has a brilliant one called foo fleggers, 
  high hopes for thornbury . 
  and i expect healy to be the 14/15 version of himself . 
  here 's hoping, 
  comedy :, 
  community ( skip season 4 ), 
  parks and rec ( season 1 is shite ), 
  rick and morty, 
  drama :, 
  hannibal, 
  true detective, 
  mad men, 
  moone boy is a great comedy, 
  afraid you 're on your own amigo - thought it was one of the unsullied better fighting montages, 
  sensory adapted - cinema not as dark , not as loud , can bring own food , no trailers just straight into the film, 
  agree needs the original cast , but i would n't want daveed playing jefferson and lafayette in the film adaptation , would want him in only role, 
   i think it 's underrated . 
  i do n't think it 's underrated , gets alot of praise and is still alot of fans favourite album, 
  but glad you finally getting around to enjoying it , 
  do you not remember harrenhall season 2 ? 
  i think the similarities are more than the choreography . 
  in both episodes :, 
  a ) both are getting on with business , casually evacuating wildlings , bringing loot to kings landing, 
  b ) they are interupted by hearing a rumble in the distance on the horizon of an unknown oncoming threat , weights in hardhome , dothraki on the plains, 
  c ) see something mythical - jon and the white walkers and jamie and the dragon, 
  8 years ? 
  my sweet child of summer, 
  the hound about mountain burning his face `` he thought he stole one of his toys , i did n't steal it i was just playing with it '' and how his family covered it up and he ends it with `` you think you 're alone '', 
  also the conversation between theon and luwin where theon admits this is n't who he really is but he has gone to far now to be anything else, 
  # 6seasonsandamovie, 
  he 's got ta kill a dragon, 
  right . 
  sansa was 13 when the storyline with her being betrothed to jeoffry way back in season 1 . . ayra meant to be 11 in season 1 . 
  it 's somewhere between 3-5 years since season 1 so do n't see the issue with a scene like op suggested - it 's pretty innocent all things considered, 
  i wish the show made more of a deal of davos meeting tyrion , the man who effectively killed his son . . like we never hear him talk about his son , only shireen, 
  did n't gilly literally say it was rheagar who got annulled ? 
   i understand that he has an important task at hand to save humanity and blah blah blah, 
  you just answered your own question, 
  100 % a wight a not a white walker - but still - airhorn, 
  i fear tormund is dead :'(, 
  how do d&d hate sansa if they gave her lines where she was right ? 
  - sansas arc is she is constantly being underestimated . 
  like it 's a weird one but compare the `` kingsmoot '' on iron island 's to kingslanding , jon could have said `` sansa deserves to daqueenindanorth '' like theon did for yara, 
  edit : i know it was n't a kingsmoot in kingslanding but ya get my drift, 
  wonder how tormund will react if he hears the hound was defeated by brienne in combat - will probably be like eating a whole bucket of those fermented crabs, 
  would this be the other side of the mountain so ? 
  where we saw the white walkers in 4x04 ? 
  robyn volunteers, 
  gendry also saw the lannisters torture people at harrenhall so his hatred for them is pretty justified, 
  ayra showed her niavity which i kinda liked - we saw her last week be a great fighter but she is still a child and ignorant of alot the going ons . 
  ayra does n't know about about sansa 's story at all - all she remembers is her always wanting to be a lady - which she now is . 
  she sees sansa wearing fine clothes and sleeping in their parent 's bedroom . 
  she remembers sansa not standing up for nymeria . 
  for all she knows she was living in luxury in kings landing during the time she was struggling . 
  she does n't know the torment she faced in kings landing . 
  she does n't know sansa probably sleeps in this room as she ca n't bring herself to sleep in her room where ramsay had his way with her . . 
  in this episode she reminds me of the child from season 1 who was stalking the cat . 
  i would have thought roose and walda would have had the lords room ? 
  you could well be right though,
