  re : the faith militant . 
  aswell as tywin having no time for them , got to remember the continuous wars have brought even greater poverty to kings landing and people are starving - ( see the riots when the old septon is torn apart after myrcella is sent to dorne , and margaery visiting the orphanges , and cersei refusing to give leftovers from the purple wedding to the people ) . 
  we see in season 5 that the sparrows helping feed the people . . 
  hopefully timisoara saracens qualify for the challenge cup next year, 
  everyone . 
  d&d want 7 , hbo want 8 . 
  there is official canon for some films/show prequels, 
  sounds like a freak accident, 
  massive loss , most likely out for the season, 
  terrace way better atmosphere imo, 
  have season ticket for clan stand in sportsground and people have to get there early to get good spot so is good bit of buzz from the warm up, 
  . . but he does n't sparkle . . 
  disagree - nothing worse than two french officials trying to communicate in broken english . . 
  poolman - can play 11 , 14 , 13 and 15 . 
  in much better form than mcfadden, 
  they are words of a house that embraces the fact everyone hates them - pretty cool in my eye 's . . 
  plus i like fish 'n' chips, 
  and marler, 
  what ever happened to tim visser on the wing ? 
  used be a try machine for edinburgh and alot of scots were excited when he qualified to play for ye . . kinda disappeared now, 
  `` oh boy , mcfadden on the bench . . how . . exciting '', 
  in all seriousness hard not to be excited about the irish backrow of stander , sob and heaslip, 
  standard enough thursday attire in newport, 
  funniest one yet i think, 
  best i 've ever heard ireland 's call sang :p, 
  james ryan with one the best tackles i 've seen for ireland . . 
  duurty, 
  video taken from : [ balls.ie ] ( http://www.balls.ie/rugby/watch-you-wont-see-a-better-try-saving-tackle-than-ireland-u20-star-james-ryans-amazing-effort/324382 ), 
  but self - rises faster ... 
  prince of winterfell . . 
  favorite character in asoiaf and got , his character arc is like a shakespearean tragedy in its own right, 
  that scoreline is the highlight ... 
  we 've heard this before :(, 
  fr ted, 
  `` night dougal '', 
  `` night ted '', 
  rip dermot morgan, 
  i 'm more excited about the dothraki bein back tbh - they were great in season 1, 
  aye , rather poetic if he dies to save tryions ( ex ) wife, 
  young sam : he will be a baby forever, 
  that looked like a try to me , seemed to get the ball down before his hip hit the line ... 
  . . oh and the guy falling was gas, 
  season 2 is my personal favourite - mainly due to the iron born , introduced davos and stannis , ayra and tywin in harrenhall and had tyrion basically going around kingslanding being a political mastermind . . 
  the small council scene with obreyn martell in season 4 was brilliant aswell - he did n't give a fuuuuuuuck, 
  timmy to his friends, 
  it is a prayer, 
  mcgregor puts doubt in their heads and they train too hard resulting in injuries, 
  here is the list of [ history & lore ] ( http://gameofthrones.wikia.com/wiki/histories_%26_lore ) that has been covered so far in the blu ray boxsets . . 
  i 'm guessing one of the lore video 's will be either davos or shireen reading about dance with dragons in more detail ... 
  gwendoline christie ( brienne ) , iain glen ( jorah ) and iwan rheon ( ramsay ) are almost too attractive for their roles but their performances pull it off . . 
  roles that do n't get enough credit :, 
  ciaran hands as mance , james cosmo as jeor mormont and donald sumpter as maester luwin, 
  liam cunnigham is the perfect davos, 
  yip , so expect video about high sparrow and faith militant . . prob the fighting pits too, 
  a good interview but not `` new '', 
  but murray will be at the games though , not in the studio . . would love to hear him as co-commentator actually, 
  yup he is a rugby reporter first and foremost , he is n't gon na be in a tv3 studio back in dublin . . 
  he was criminally underused by tv3 in the rwc though . . 
  shame he never got to his 100th irish cap, 
  at first thought was awful call and felt for ospreys . . 
  however marmion did have hold of davies when his knee hit the floor - ergo was a tackle so he had to release the ball, 
  was on newstalks `` off the ball '' before ireland v wales with brian o'driscoll and keith wood , seems like a sound lad . . shame he retired, 
  somewhere south for sure, 
  infairness if you did n't read the books nor read online theories ya would n't have a clue who is on about, 
  well if kit harrington was interviewed about season six got the charade would be up . . 
  edit : ah wait you were on about season 5 i take it ? 
  haha its `` hold '' mate - love your version though, 
  `` lips of deceit '' , `` desecrate through reverence '' , `` wicked end '' ( sidewinder always actually gets alot of love infairness ) and `` coming home '', 
  in the room, 
  no need be a dick mate, 
  was zero reference to it in season 3 so be terrible writing if it was to turn up now, 
  guessing it 's a pisstake, 
  graham linehan and arthur mathews, 
  i agree with him in one sense in that it does make everything worse - tmo should have to show it in real time and slow-motion rather than just slow motion on loop, 
  i love the idea someone had of season 6 starting just before season 5 finale , and has the night watch 's debating what they should do about jon . . 
  we 're gon na see theon and sansa on the run - ramsay and roose 's reaction to their escape , jaime and cersei reaction to mrycellas death , going to see davos and wildlings reaction to jons death . . 
  will we see any dany , ayra , tyrion/varys , sam/gilly , brienne/pod or daario/jorah i do n't know, 
  if davos kills ghost i will loose my shit . 
  ghost  jon, 
  same . . no eye patch is a bit of a buzzkill, 
  what annoyed me most about winterfell last season was that it made theon a subplot in his own fecking story !, 
  it was all about sansa , when books focused on reek trying to remember his identify as theon and save jayne poole . . 
  basic `` empathy '' dude . 
  a young girl who bought into the tales of handsome and chivalrous knights - gets an absolute reality check . . 
  looks like brienne kills the people who capture him though, 
  trailer shows euron on a bridge - seems like that takes care of `` balon still alive '' problem . . 
  shame he does n't have his eye patch, 
  also : if done properly , he will be this season 's obreyn martell, 
  [ euron & balon ] ( http://awoiaf.westeros.org/index.php/balon_greyjoy/theories ), 
  `` george hook talks through his hole shocker '', 
  the only thing i agree with is that the italian experiment is failing, 
  want to make the make pro 12 stronger - simple : top 7 teams qualify for champions cup . 
  none of this `` top 1 from each nation and top 3 next '' sh!te - if the two italian sides are at the bottom , the 11th place team should not get into the champions cup . . 
  finlay did very well for connacht when denis was out injured . . 
  i was unhappy denis buckley was excluded from irish extened squad, 
  i was unhappy when cian healy was parachuted back into irish 23 with no form behind him, 
  now healy out injured and we find bealham covering lh, 
  i 'm delighted for finlay but his future is at th, 
  that 's usually only asked if he has seen the grounding and wants to see if any other shenanigans has happened, 
  bealham is a th,
