  while not `` owing '' anything to the starks - rob was his friend , and admittedly he betrayed that friendship . . 
  i mean , look at him , he is known as a good lover , a good archer ( remember he saves bran 's life from the wildlings in season 1 ) and is so proud of his name as lord theon . 
  so what happens to him ? 
  ramsay castrates him ( no more banging ) , flays his fingers ( ca n't use his bow ) and renames him reek . 
  hopefully theon will get to kill `` the hornblower '', 
  possibly my favorite scene :, 
  `` celebrity '' lol, 
  show implies it too seen as he uses it to torment theon when tied in the dreadfort . . hopefully nice bit of foreshadowing, 
  as an irish fan i 'm bemused why/how gatland constantly goes with warburton over tipuric ? 
  busker brown 's ? 
  realising you are walking the wrong and having to turn around and walk in opposite direction, 
  i wish the mountain got to say this line , one of my favourites and showed how dark he is :, 
  [ agot ] ( #b `` a man who sees nothing has no use for his eyes , cut them out and give them to your next outrider . 
  tell him you hope that four eyes might see better than two ... and if not , the man after him will have six . '' ), 
  there is only one choice to fill in for john and partner andy :, 
  the american, 
  is ciara sherlock not the anti-fluoride muppet ? 
  [ here you go ] ( http://lmgtfy.com/?q=shane+macgowan ), 
  yes , but also , that mean healy can not play anymore games in the tournament . . 
  so if murray gets a knock in early round , and out for , say , 2 weeks , then we will either have to bring in boss/marmion to replace him and rule murray out of rest of tournament or rely on only reddan for them two weeks . . 
  bit of a gamble, 
   terrible decision from joe schmidt, 
  a fully fit trimble i agree with , but he is not fully fit . 
  personally , i 'd bring him in stead of fitz or earls but `` in joe we trust '' . 
  kearney gets injured probably zebo 15 . . or moving payne there and cave coming into to centre, 
  so tumblr basically, 
  i laughed . . then i cried . . then i opened a can - hon connacht, 
  for some reason , alot of fans seems to think that if the ball touches anything like the advertising boarding or even a waterbottle then lineout ca n't be taken quickly , wheras the law clearly states its only if it touches another person ( eg , coach , fan , touchjudge , more than one player ), 
   19.2 ( d ) for a quick throw-in , the player must use the ball that went into touch . 
  a quick throw-in is not permitted if another person has touched the ball apart from the player throwing it in and an opponent who carried it into touch . 
  the same team throws into the lineout, 
  this deserves to be in r/dataisbeatiful, 
  brilliant . 
  would have loved little bit of [ theon and luwin ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5eyjin4r18&amp;t=4m15s ), 
  luwin : you are not the man you are pretending to be . 
  not yet . 
  theon : you may be right . 
  but i 've gone to far to pretend to be anything else . 
  other side , maam valley . 
  if anyone does go , recommend stoping into keanes pub - best toasted sandwich and pint of guinness i ever had was in that little place, 
  i 'm in the `` op is a dick for uploading this '' camp . 
  so insane, 
  i 'm an enemy of batman, 
  myrcella is dead though , so just leaves tommen, 
  rather they got john oliver tbh, 
  i always thought `` gold will be their crowns '' to indicate their blonde hair, 
  just seems lousy , i get it was n't the ops intention but uploading a photo they took on the sly stinks of a `` lack of class '' imo, 
  so much yes in this post . 
  henshaw is so much more comfortable at outside centre, 
  hopefully all 46 players will still be fit for the rwc by the end of this game . . 
  love it :d, 
  well it is more a joke at dublins expense , cause fans will think he got off and be available for mayo game . . 
  it also shows the player in question has history of this craic . . 
  gillyweed, 
  stir do n't squeeze lads . . 
  . . by stir i mean stir the living shite outa it . 
  still get yourself a mighty strong cup of tea , but tastes sooooo much nicer, 
  far from tea leaves i was raised . . 
  if it was n't for emergence of nathan white i would say mike ross . . 
  murray and sexton . 
  reddan , madigan and jackson do n't quite strike fear into opposition . . 
  atleast with heaslip and poc we have top quality cover with henry ( he go 7 , sob would go 8 ) and henderson . 
  edinburgh is class , and yet to go to murrayfield for a match . . 
  because you throw a frisbee, 
  i like it, 
  ucking hell !, 
  although he been getting alot of praise lately i suppose, 
  lpt : always use solution - never use water, 
  they can do what ever they please, 
  your post sounded very entitled . 
  if they do n't feel dvd is ready , we 'll just have to wait . . 
  it 's a pain as we are all looking forward to it - but its only been 2 years since httk was released and in that time they have toured and released a game ( with a fantastic soundtrack ) . 
  you 're line of '' avenged sevenfold just come off as lazy people '' is absolutely hilarious, 
  the fact you were n't a fan of httk is irrelevant tbh, 
  `` if i was perfect / then these would be easy '', 
  erm , the soundtrack consists of nine original songs , and an 8-bit version of one of them . . 
  oh and i forgot that they also released `` wtf : resurrected '' with unreleased songs and demos and a documentary . . 
  i actually thought you were being facetious when you said you thought there were lazy but it seems you were being serious which is mind boggling, 
  you 're perfectly entitled to your wrong opinion , 
  dad ? 
  mom ? 
  first one is savage . . avoid the sequel to battle royal, 
  gravity - visuals are cool but could have done without sandra bollocks lamenting for her kid, 
  southpaw - like it 's grand film , jake is class in it , but did n't do much for me, 
  babadook - i want to be scared in a horror film, 
  i 'm an atheist but still say `` bless you '' when someone sneezes, 
  missing pet signs . 
  especially when it is written from a child 's perspective `` eg please help find my dog spot . 
  he is my best friend and i miss him '', 
  upsetting because 1 ) the animal might be in danger or scared 2 ) upset child and family, 
  the drunk whale one is fun , not long build up but you really got ta commit, 
  is n't there something about sirus black ( do n't think gives his name ) being on the loose on the muggle tv ? 
  triggered !!, 
  am i tumblr-ing right ? 
  aye , heard the fill at start of chapter four and was hooked . 
  what part of ireland you in op ? 
  ca n't work while waiting for asylum, 
  and dissing something just to get a reaction is what ? 
  tyl : do n't fuck with homemade brown bread in r/ireland, 
  also hannibal did n't use [ rape as plot device ] ( http://blogs.indiewire.com/womenandhollywood/hannibal-showrunner-bryan-fuller-explains-why-he-banned-rape-on-his-show-20150602 ) which easily could have happened under another show runner,
