  [ `` i do n't care you 're from iran '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2kszhrrfpu ), 
  thanks for the spoilers dude, 
  because everything he says is glorious bs, 
  ... that 's a dornish ship . . 
  edit : ah feck , i just realised what i said ... fncking hell , got the tyrells and the martells mixed up 0_o, 
  [ munster beat connacht 3-0 in a celtic league match in 2004 ] ( http://www.munsterrugby.ie/news/9242.php ), 
  only wales in 90mins though , croatia and france were in extra times but technically both matches were a draw, 
  i was going for france until ronaldo got injured ... 
  ... then found myself going for portugal ... 
  but my gawd i hate pepe, 
  i 'm not having a go op , but how many more times is this going to be pointed out on this subreddit ? 
  listen to hardcore game of thrones podcast - first 3 episodes are available free ( soundcloud and itunes ) , next 5 episodes then on howl premium . . 
  you have to sign up - but use code hgot for month free trial, 
  what is the craic with boshoff ? 
  anyone know when he is heading up to connacht ? 
  awj and itoje could be a cracking parntership, 
  kruis , johnny grey , launchbury , lawes , dillane , henderson all potential bench players, 
  ah what ?!, 
  acting with no/limited lines is arguably more challenging than having to remember all your lines for some big piece of dialogue - the emotion that guy got into his few brief scenes was really impressive . 
  . . beric v the hound . . 
  hopefully he will be fit to travel to sportsground , looking forward to seeing him play - been in great form recently, 
  thanks, 
  i 'll be honest , thought that said `` ira cum '', 
  i can see tyrion still being fncking pissed at how the vale treated him ( in season 1 ) and wanting to send a dragon up to the eyrie . 
  what is wrong with friday fixtures ? 
  flights and accommodation sorted for scarlets away match , and flights sorted for dragons away match ( no accommodation as do n't know if ill stay in newport or cardiff yet ), 
  no need to say sorry - absolute brain fart on my account !, 
  i totally get what you mean . 
  getting away fans to games is vital for atmosphere imo, 
  do n't really fancy travelling on bus after match is only thing holding me back, 
  a beard is a growth of hair on the chin and lower cheeks of a man 's face . 
  guess we 're not all as cool as you . 
  cardiff is too expensive due to the australia match so just gon na crash in newport, 
  it 's the pro 12 's fault, 
  any update ? 
  how 'd it go ? 
  some media people are absolute gobshites . 
  probably a great idea in the writers room when they came up with the idea, 
  do n't thinks hannibal ever even got an emmy nomination ... let that sink in . . 
  lol at the scumbags trying to get on the pitch . . 
  . . good goal though, 
  well after he makes theon go down on jayne he later plans on cutting off theons lips as punishment ... 
  ... punishment for doing what he was told, 
  `` are '', 
  i 've seen so many bad tattoo 's submitted to this subreddit . . 
  ... this is not one of them . 
  fecking unreal, 
  each to their own , but personally no , i do n't find it inspiring . 
  i 'm more in the tim minchin camp of `` you do n't have to have a dream '', 
   if your dream is big enough to be a life-long effort it will give you something to do with your time , but by the time you reach it you 'll be almost dead so it wo n't matter . 
  rather be micro-ambitious . 
  put your head down and work with pride on whatever is in front of you ... you never know where you might end up . 
  just be aware that the next worthy pursuit will probably appear in your periphery . 
  i get your argument to a degree . 
  i ca n't stand bandwagoners who around the whole time but only show up for a final if their team gets there . 
  however the op is n't one of them , they happen to be in the country for the all ireland and would like to see how they get a ticket . 
  i see no problem with that and i wish him luck, 
  i hate to break it to you about ultan dillane 0ffice_zombie but ... 
  ah , ireland , sounded like you were insinuating played for munster ... 
  yes i feel uncomfortable with it aswell, 
  they do have some good sketches ... 
  ... but unfortunately some of the cast appear in those godawful `` facts '' videos of `` irish people take american shits '' so they fall into the gobshite category ... 
  ye better have done the bottle of buckfast on the sparch, 
  have to compare test with the tournement not just a 7s match though - usually it is 3 `` 14 minute '' games ( pool stage ) on one day and then rankings position second day, 
  i really want argentina to get to host a rwc - their fans are mental !!, 
  what a comeback . 
  their game vs nz gon na be class !, 
  nakarawa has octopus dna, 
  is there an instrumental version ? 
  drums were fun but vocals drowned everything out, 
  scream !, 
  cant recommend this enough, 
  confirmed, 
  liam hogan completely [ debunks that white cargo tripe ] ( https://www.splcenter.org/hatewatch/2016/04/19/how-myth-irish-slaves-became-favorite-meme-racists-online ), 
  chill man , all i commented on was using `` white cargo '' as a reference . 
  i 'm not going to go through your post history as i do n't particularly care if you are a racist or not - nor was i trying to imply you were a racist , do n't be so fecking precious, 
  feck that is true , can see now why you got defensive , apologies . 
  was n't my intention, 
  ah shite , sorry to hear that , never nice to get hate mail, 
  rome olympic stadium - capacity 72,698, 
  roma , flaminio stadium - capacity 30,000 ca, 
  turin , olympic stadium - capacity 27,958, 
  genoa stadium `` luigi ferraris '' - capacity 36,599, 
  palermo , stadium `` renzo barbera '' - capacity 37 619, 
  bp are only fair if teams play each other home and away, 
  it is hard to swallow alright, 
  some of these are eggcelent puns - but most of them are horrwrendous, 
  ah , so not griffin park but a brentfords new stadium . . 
  i heard they sent email to season ticket holders saying they looking to play in brentfords ground so just assumed was griffin park, 
  yes i 've acknowledged that, 
  if you hire comedians like ricky velez this is what you sow, 
  giving galway men a bad name there mate, 
  comedy central, 
  ... because it did n't end in the 5th ... 
  lot of fun - makes me wan na listen to some rodrigo y gabriella ha, 
  saw it yesterday , it was amazing !, 
  it was amazing !, 
  `` nancy 's song '' opening act2 is brilliant and i 'm sure he loved writing the `` alternative medicine '' song, 
  r/ireland is basically r/snarkybastards majority of the time, 
  jaysus you 're some miserable bollocks,
