  much better at 13 or 15, 
  yes new initiative by pro12 have 6 `` derby weekends '' ( unfortunately scots vs italians are included as they only have 2 teams each ), 
  ah ya i get that , but will be a shame if his future is at 12 . . 
  8-bit ? 
  thought you meant the rugby pitch - rds seems to low . 
  i know he wants to fight in ireland but millennium stadium in cardiff with the roof clossed would be ideal, 
  mcfadden got 3 weeks for stamping on nathan whites face last season, 
  guessing the down votes are cause you sound like a bit of a cunt mate , 
  you wo n't believe no . 
  did not expect to see eircode mentioned on r/mma, 
  loved it . . 
  the humor really shines through the whole conflict, 
  * spoilers below *, 
  they kind of glossed over the harsh treatment they got in the prison - eg quinlan twice was blind folded as congolese soliders did a mock execution , might have disrupted the flow of the movie though having it in, 
  charge your phone ya mad bastard, 
  i found it pretty sad tbh - whole video is basically showing how we 've been doing nothing but killing each other since dawn of man . . 
  ah no i getcha man , no need to explain , 
  nah , with zebre in our group ourselves , toulouse and wasps will likely have 10 points from them games so will defo be one of the 3 best runners up, 
  horrible . 
  condolences to his family , friends and munster rugby, 
  i for one appreciate the comma, 
  i , do n't , know , why , i , did n't . 
  children of bodom, 
  marshall , henshaw center and payne fb what i expect, 
  henshaw , payne center and kearney fb is what i fear, 
  henshaw , ringrose center and payne fb is what media seem to want, 
  henshaw , payne center and toh fb is what my connacht bias wants, 
  disagree, 
  earls calls brown a cheat when walking off - hogg comes over and puts hand on earls ( i think to console him ) but earls is livid with himself and pushes hogg . . hogg then mouths something and shakes his head . . 
  hogg is no angel in the past but i do n't think he was trying to start anything in this scenario, 
  long ban coming, 
  community season two 's `` epidemiology '' is my personal favorite . 
  some of the old simpson tree house of horror 's are great, 
  he is too good to grumble about, 
  that lad arnold is a serious talent as well , just back fit for ye now - reminds me bit of peter robb at connacht . . 
  suddenly centre is one position ireland is looking pretty healthy in, 
  been a while since i got drunk on a tuesday, 
  stst - breaking their hold, 
  s/t - scream, 
  ditr - walk cover, 
  n - danger line, 
  httk - crimson day, 
  ... and i like all those songs ... 
  rob kearney was picked over tiernan o'halloran, 
  i 'm looking forward to luke fitzgerald complain about out form players blocking in form players getting deserved game time . . 
  ... or is it just foreigners he is against ? 
  toh is fully fit and will be hopefully tearing leinster a new one saturday night, 
  sorry , i 'd just imagine he 'd be fairly annoyed and rearing to go, 
  shane o'leary is canadian eligible is n't he, 
  yes , he is a very handy player and would do well for canada , but it would jeprodise his place in squad as ca n't really use a nie spot on 3rd choice outhalf ( is 2nd currently but boshoff has just arrived from south africa ), 
  just as you would know it , as soon as he arrives jack carty been playing with real swagger ( usually he too inconsistent but has been great for past month ) and ronaldson at 12 been dissecting the posts with his kick at goals . . 
  that said boshoff looks the real deal, 
  first listen throught the album `` paradigm '' was my favourite . 
  second listen was `` higher '' . . loving `` roman sky '' at the moment . . 
  it 's a cool album . 
  did n't blow me away first time round but i 'm really enjoying it now, 
  us pinkly smooth fans loved aloph instantly :p, 
  catchiest chorus = / = best song, 
  not on the irish itunes from looks of it, 
  stream up in 10 mins guys, 
  time to boil kettle and have some tea , fecking 4am and ive work in 5 hours ... ugh, 
  `` that 's no planet ... 
  ... that 's a space station '', 
  oh that 's cool how they did that with the sky !, 
  the one perk of the short set list is i can go back asleep haha, 
  strong front row for leinster , ross and healy v jp and carey could get ugly if turns into a scrumfest . 
  no buried alive ? 
  of course the band will get paid for this . . now yes , it is warner bros trying to milk it for themselves but to say `` it does n't benefit the band in any way at all '' is n't exactly accurate . 
  i wo n't get it as no need , i have all the discography . . 
  looking forward seeing ye guys in dublin !, 
  my question : obviously the martyrdom of gionardo bruno was big influence lyrically for `` roman sky '' - where did ye read about him - was it in research for this concept record or have you known about him and felt it fit with the whole science element ? 
  the whole album is awesome btw, 
  why would you be nervous ? 
  ah , well if you can queue early and ya get starting to talk to people - metal heads are a good bunch - you 'll be fine, 
  except jack mcgrath, 
  bt sport replaying the game in full at midnight, 
  did someone throw a can of beer too him or at him ? 
  if `` at '' that 's fairly scummy, 
  my changes to your team :, 
  14 liam williams, 
  12 owen farrell, 
  2 hartley, 
  1 jack mcgrath, 
  got ta be coles for me - anytime a front row makes it onto the nominee list you know he earned it, 
  oh sweet summer child, 
  huge if true, 
  georgia , romania , russia , usa and canada could all form their own nh 5 nations tournament - all on a similar level . 
  lips of deceit deserves to be on any `` best of '', 
  think planets and acid rain - then with more funk , prog and jazz influence . 
  that said i do n't get the hate for httk in this sub but each their own, 
  i fucking hate facts ( the youtube channel ), 
  chaps eye is much better example of irish humor, 
  jaysus , that 's a mind boggler , how can you produce gold such as `` lovely cans '' and then muck like `` irish people try american insert item x '', 
  nothing to do with him , he can only stop signing in legislation if it is deemed unconstitutional, 
  i 'll buy you a can if that counts ? 
  suck deees big irish bawls, 
  he took the wrong belt though o_0, 
  as a professional drunk : : cracks open a can : : i take umbridge with that remark, 
  i genuinely thought woodley was gon na snap thompsons neck in that guillotine - was hiding behind my bag of cans, 
  do n't get the httk hate , and stst is savage as fuck ( bar breaking their hold , not a fan of that one ),
