there are , but they do n't pay enough/have the right connections to fix it . 
  you see , to fix it you need to democratically elect people against it , and , well ... the electorate 's been gerrymandered , so ... 
  no one cares that a military draft is actually ridiculous ? 
  actually the germans just call them `` pommes '' for some damn reason . 
  because the duden is the authority on the language ? 
  given the number of dialects , you 'll find * someone * who thinks it sounds weird , no matter what . 
  i guessed it was probably related to that , but blimey that is a pretty ridiculous sounding government ~ ~ group ~ ~ task . 
  from the article :  [ ... ] council 's decision not to carry out an ** equality impact assessment ** before implementing it . 
  the level of bureaucracy here is making me facepalm hard . 
  `` jobs for the boys '' if i ever saw it . 
  it 's ok , i have no freakin idea what 's going on either re : wurscht, 
  * i * use the singular for data :(, 
  you got ta pay extra if you want your ryanair staff to be educated . 
  by housing data in ireland , they need to comply with the law there . 
  in this case , this will be difficult, 
  thanks to the magic of international law , searching foreign property is not allowed unless the country housing the data allows the search, 
  very naive , but assuming that a crime was committed , it is not legal in the target country for a search to be taking place . 
  there 's no us jurisdiction, 
  the issue concerns personal liberties here . 
  a little bit more worrying than taxation . 
  that 's a strong statement by microsoft . 
  the fact it was for all intents and purposes * ignored * by the doj is staggering . 
  atheism is a disbelief in something . 
  if you are not exposed to religion and therefore do not become religious ( or spiritual ) , it does not follow that you have a conscious commitment to skepticism and rationalism . 
  how does it not show both ? 
  i like how saxony is so low , given that even in leipzig there 's been something like 3 murders at just the hauptbahnhof in the last 18 months . 
  it 's only 5 days old ( ! ), 
   `` the fire department was not really amused yep , that sounds like the feuerwehr . 
  but ... he 's a duck o_o, 
  well , the title largely comes from the article , so unless op represents the news source , i do n't see a problem with the post 's title . 
  australia . 
  we work 5 days , but you 'll find shops open every day . 
  you 're kidding , right ? 
  americans still do it here in berlin when they visit . 
  are you an idiot ? 
  music , reading online , friends . 
  the latter usually with the assistance of alcohol . 
  the usual anything-but-paid-lessons way . 
  my grammar can get a bit patchy at times , but i 've not had any problems that any beginner would n't have . 
  i 've got at least that much ability with my german , and i 've not taken a single lesson . 
  so yes , it 's definitely not hard to ( casually ) pick up a country 's language while living in that country . 
   the us became a powerhouse because it was founded on freedom , liberty , and equality that , and taking a whole bunch of innovators and scientists home after the war . 
  iirc the original challenge did bring that up . 
  but as the ruling shows , this is irrelevant . 
  ninja edit : wow i just saw karlchen 's reply . 
  i guess i missed that update in the german news :(, 
  it 's the same in australia , and it makes me mad as hell . 
  there 's a section with `` medical history '' that you need to fill out . 
  one of the questions is something like `` as a man , have you had sex with a man in the last 12 months '' . 
  if you answer yes , they say thanks but no thanks . 
  on a lighter note , i had a ( gay ) friend mention to us one time that his drought had gone on so long that he could give blood again . 
  we were amused . 
  that postcard is n't soaking wet like the rest of berlin . 
  it 's also worth mentioning that anywhere tourist-y in london is just as rubbish for theft . 
  standing outside buckingham palace for the changing of the guard , we were reminded on several occasions by a bobby on horseback to keep personal belongings close because of pickpockets . 
  thieves are wherever you have crowds . 
  ca n't tell if sarcasm ... 
  | ( gta san andreas ) ah yes , * that * shining beacon of the english language , 
  i still feel like the amnesty would have led to more tax being paid sooner , even though i disagree with giving criminals a free pass, 
  why did he have to incriminate himself at all ? 
  i feel like i 've missed something important ... 
  still have no idea why the cdu plan did n't pass . 
  it just makes sense . 
  nothing but lip-service, 
  the article is n't really clear . 
  does it mean that there is no * legal * obligation to file them ? 
  i suppose banks could do the `` honest '' thing and ask all clients to submit a form . 
  tbqh i 'm ok with this, 
  well if they fail the tests , they need to take bridging courses or their visas are n't granted . 
  `` re-education '' might be too strong a word for it , but the idea is there . 
  edit : this is in australia , people . 
  it 's not out of context , but it 's clear they cherry picked the one liner to generate the most drama . 
  it also reads like satire, 
  educational standards differ . 
  iirc australia enforces standards for doctors/surgeons who wish to work in the country . 
  maybe he was ordering a baguette with escargot and champagne from a chateau nearby, 
  have you ... literally never heard french and german before ? 
  wow this is n't a troll . 
  the joke was about eating bearings . 
  that 's over-the-top ridiculous . 
  pretty obviously a joke . 
  you did n't need the id when you signed up . 
  they 're basically holding your data hostage . 
  you ca n't login to disable/delete/request removal of your data without your id in this case . 
   job creation many startups are vehicles for heads to churn and burn vc capital and/or get bought out . 
  they give zero fucks about employees once they are bought out . 
  source : in startup life right now as an employee : /, 
  they would more than likely be liquidated , or a tax invoice sent for the liquid amount . 
  to be fair , the claim that french soldiers were desecrating remains by kicking them around is the sort of thing that requires a pretty reasonable source . 
  i 'm so curious to know where the hell s/he came to that conclusion acupuncture on cows garlic water on chickens, 
  i hated trying to fix safari . 
  it was nigh-on impossible after chrome came out with the shared - webkit prefix . 
   wei\u00dfrussland that 's because that 's the german for `` belarus '' o_o i think only the most official documents would say `` belarus '' . 
  from dict.cc ( for english `` belarus '' ) :  wei\u00dfrussland { n }  belarus { n } [ amtssprache f\u00fcr wei\u00dfrussland ], 
  yes . 
  the weird sounding almost-germans < 3, 
  it 's apparently quite a good employer in austria too, 
  yeah but `` hey alter ! '', 
  is used a lot . 
  it just became shorter,
