it was a joke, 
  constantinople , capital of greece *, 
  nein nein we took that after ww1 plus east rumelia belongs to greece !, 
  greece only belongs geographically in the balkans , culturally we are on par with italy . 
  my comment was a joke regarding the byzantine empire , youshould open a book and read about it , its pretty dope . 
  all of turkey belongs to greece but i can settle for ionia !, 
  shit like this is in my blood . 
  my great great grandpa fought in the greco turkish war and earned a medal for killing 6 turks in just one day . 
  what a badass . 
  im gon na ask him about his recent comments regarding greece . 
  fuck him for saying that the albanians saved the parthenon what a dumb cunt he is . 
  the parthenon is the best symbol of greek culture , no albanian ever did anything to save it . 
  wow that sucks , and your parents chose to get rid of their real culture in order to assimilate ? 
  that 's really sad and a pretty bad decision imo . 
  i hope you will finally make that dream come true , 
  then come back wth are u doing in sweden ? 
  delusion ? 
  i know my previous comment sounded stupid i was pretty butthurt but you most likely do n't read about greek-turkish politics so let me sum it up for you . 
  a few weeks ago the sultan erdogan said that he does n't recognise the treaty of laussane which is the treaty that created the borders between our nations . 
  after that , turkish warships and jets started violating greek borders even more often than before . 
  then two days ago the sultan ordered that islamic prayers will be heard from the hagia sophia 5 times a day and hired an imam . 
  this created much rage in greece . 
  yesterday , the leader of a turkish opposition party started saying that erdogan is stupid for giving 16 islands to greece in 2004 ( which never happened , those islands were greek since 1947 ) and went on to say that those 16 islands should be `` retaken '' even through war . 
  a few days ago ankara 's mayor posted a map of the greek islands and said that they all belong to turkey . 
  also the sultan made various statements saying that `` the city in which ataturk was born ( thessaloniki ) is currently not within turkish borders '' . 
  all these statements were replied to by the greek government with statements such as `` thrace was , is and will always be greek '' and greek president pavlopulos 2 days ago started talking about how we should immediately modernise our army because a turkish attack is about to happen in the following months/years . 
  as you understand relations between the two countries are really bad right now and a crisis like the 1996 imia crisis or even an armed conflict is about to occur . 
  that 's what enrages me the most and is the reason for my previous comments . 
  i kek 'd, 
  colour what ? 
  macedonia is already coloured red along with the rest of greece from what i can see . 
  hahaha ok the coup happened in order to get rid of thr filthy mongols in our island . 
  so of course we killed them it 's not a crime as long as they 're mongol subhumans, 
  200000 greeks is n't a few ... 
  umm , turkey owned greece for only 500 years . 
  greece has been greek for thousands of years . 
  what 's your point ? 
  lol you dumb albanian if you want your lands back then also give greek northern epirus in greece you 're lucky our leaders suck because otherwise we could just invade you in a few hours and take it for ourselves, 
  imo we should send these soldiers back under one rule : turkey also gives us the killers of tasos isaak and solomos solomou . 
  those two brave men were murdered when the turks invaded cyprus for those who do n't know, 
  imo we should send these soldiers back under one rule : turkey also gives us the killers of tasos isaak and solomos solomou . 
  those two brave men were murdered when the turks invaded cyprus for those who do n't know, 
  for being a traitor *, 
  in other words , the glorious european empire is above a fucking british colony . 
  big fucking deal, 
  the comment you linked to is a list of the mongolian war crimes against the greeks of asia minor . 
  how is that racist ? 
  and for the pontic greeks ... 
  yet no apology for the greek genocide or even invading cyprus by the turks of course . 
  you guys made graffiti `` cool '' haha, 
  i hope that was a joke, 
  the real recipe is greek and it 's made with walnuts . 
  hell to the naw naw, 
  haha no problem buddy , erdogan is such a malakas ( there , you just learned a greek swear word haha ), 
  here buddy, 
  * we do *, 
  it means that you are greek deep in your heart . 
  you should be proud . 
  well you taught us how to make them so perhaps you gave us the wrong recipe :p, 
  come to greece , become a christian , enlist in the greek army and recapture constantinople for us . 
  yeah that 's what im saying . 
  greek macedonia . 
  what 's the status of those twin huge nuclear super carriers ? 
  are they still being built ? 
  how does it feel to not have started western culture and created theatre , potery , the arts and democracy ? 
  sorry bro my comment was a little butthurt but y u always invade turkey ? 
  ca n't we just live in peace like brothers ? 
  why would a turk reply to a comment about cyprus lmao ? 
  it 's greek . 
  omg finally someone from fyrom on this sub !, 
  i have one question for you , do you guys really believe that alexander the great was a slav ? 
  what are you taught in schools ? 
  really downvotes ? 
  you fyromonkeys we will kill you all when we conquer your lands . 
  russia serbia and greece should create their own faction . 
  orthodox brothers !, 
  you foreigners paint your toilets ? 
  well the romans had more influence because they were more recent than ancient greece . 
  at least we can agree that greece started western culture , right ? 
  and roman culture was heavily inspired by ancient athens ... 
  better than not fucking creating western culture and democracy along with inventing hundreds of stuff still used today you ungrateful fuck, 
  i live in greece and i 've been to turkey and it 's really nice what are you talking about ? 
  in modern greek it would be '' \u03a3\u03c4\u03b7\u03bd \u03a0\u03bf\u03bb\u03b7 '' ( stin poli ) but instanbul comes from the ancient/byzantine '' \u0395\u03b9\u03c2 \u03a4\u03b7\u03bd \u03a0\u03bf\u03bb\u03b7 '' ( eis thn poli ) which if you pronounce quickly and with a turkish pronunciation it sounds like instanbul . 
  here in greece instanbul is always called constantinople and sometimes even just poli ( city ) . 
  or with any westerner 's viewpoints . 
  erdogan used this `` coup '' in order to become a islamist dictator , and you support him . 
  wow so the patriots who almost saved turkey do n't deserve a burial ? 
  fuck off , erdocunt is the one who does n't deserve one . 
  ** triggered **, 
  greek !, 
  greek !, 
  greek !, 
  then pastitsio , gemista , feta cheese and tzantziki can replace it . 
  yeah that 's what i said in my other comment . 
  this list is bs there 's no way turkey is as bad as albania . 
  oh ok sorry i misread your comment and though you were angry or lmao i realize my mistake sorry brother, 
  wow so it 's like \u0393\u03b9\u03ce\u03c1\u03b3\u03bf\u03c2 ( giorgos ) but it 's \u0393\u03b9\u03ce\u03c1\u03b3\u03b1 ( giorga ) ? 
  that 's pretty dope . 
  turkey considers to gib bak constantinople to greece as 186 birthday present . 
  pls happen,
