in london ? 
  are you serious ? 
  probably . 
  ` this is what the tallinn new central railway station will hopefully look like in the future ' hopefully not . 
  they 're still people that barely knew you . 
  in most countries , people are reluctant to speak about politics with foreigners . 
  how is it ` bullshit ' ? 
  i am not my government . 
  i am allowed to have different opinions from those who form the government . 
  what they do does n't invalidate what i think . 
  the uk does n't officially recognise palestine as a state , but i do . 
  i 'll spell things the way i like , thanks . 
  it is n't harming anyone . 
  srbija did n't agree to their independence . 
  that makes it unilateral . 
  you 'll notice that montenegro is independent . 
  that 's because both nations agreed to it . 
  it , also , does n't matter how many countries recognise kosovo 's independence because they 've only done so to fulfil political ends . 
  first of all , i 'm english . 
  i have no affiliation to srbija . 
  i was born in london and i live in london . 
  however , i reject the way that things happened . 
  in my opinion , kosovo is not a sovereign state . 
  the `` people '' that you allegedly spoke to about this issue are unlikely to reveal their true feelings . 
  it 's called telling people what they want to hear . 
  if somebody asked me how i felt about [ enter ethnicity here ] , i would give the socially expected answer . 
  that does n't mean that i do n't have hidden thoughts . 
  the same applies here . 
  why would these people tell a foreigner how they truly feel about the issue of kosovo ? 
  also , saying ` all ' does n't mean shit . 
  all could be 2 people or it could be 20,000 . 
  you 're deliberately obscuring the number of people to bolster the point that you 're making . 
  it 's unverifiable , at best . 
  unilateral independence does n't mean anything . 
  so , what you 're saying is that benidorm is british ? 
  it can declare independence because it has a lot of british people living there ? 
  of course it ca n't . 
  the same goes for kosovo . 
  just because a load of albanians live there , it does n't make it a separate state . 
  it 's still part of srbija . 
  different meaning and context to what you want . 
  kosovo is part of srbija . 
  it is n't a sovereign state . 
  i 'm not claiming to be representative of anything . 
  i , as a geographer , am sharing my view on the issue . 
  also , i have n't been rude , so i do n't know how you 've come up with that . 
  if anyone has been rude , it 's / u/oldwayseu _ ilii . 
   even if we were n't on the same tectonic plate what was the purpose of including this , then ? 
  we are n't on the same tectonic plate as the arabian peninsula , indian subcontinent , or the area east of the chersky range in east siberia . 
  does that make them part of another continent in your world view ? 
  why did you edit your comment to remove the section where you mocked me for having an education ? 
  the only reason that i included the information about my degree was because you mentioned that ' ** most geographers ** do n't even see europe as a continent ' . 
  well , i 'm a geographer and i see it as a continent . 
  unless you have some source to support your assertion , i would remove it . 
  if you do have a source , fair enough . 
  eurasia is a pointless classification . 
  as someone with a bsc in geography , i see europe as a distinct continent . 
  you 'll have to fight the russians for adidas , though . 
   the attacker , who appeared to be under the influence of alcohol , was described as black or asian , 5ft 8in tall and wearing a dark hooded top . 
  shock , horror - said no one . 
  the other way round and it is a hate crime . 
  what did they really expect ? 
  russia is n't great for white people , so of course it 's going to be worse for non-whites . 
   some africans say that after arriving here , they heard the russian word `` obezyana '' directed at them so often that they initially thought it meant `` black person . '', 
  it means `` monkey . '', 
  that 's pretty damning , though . 
   today the african ranks are growing again , fueled by asylum seekers , refugees and economic migrants . 
  many enter russia illegally and fail to register with authorities , rights workers said . 
  so , effectively , they have no right to be in russia . 
  of the 100,000 africans in russia , a third are undocumented . 
  ryanair have always been a good airline to fly with . 
  i think that people expect first-class service at basement prices . 
  when you can fly to warsaw and back for # 8 each way , you ca n't really complain . 
  as long as the plane lands safely , i do n't give a shit what happens . 
  most ryanair flights last less than 2 hours , so load up a movie on your phone/tablet/laptop and shut the fuck up . 
  living standards are better if you move from any of the poorer countries to the uk , germany or france . 
  the other way , not so much . 
  even in spain , i noticed a huge difference in my quality of life . 
  how is you misreading something the same as a misleading title ? 
  it 's always different once you see images of those that have died . 
  i find it interesting that one of them had a swastika on his chest . 
  which side was he fighting for ? 
  a month , right ? 
  as a percentage , i doubt that it even comes close to how much us londoners pay to commute from the suburbs . 
  jaywalking is n't illegal in the uk , but i do n't practise it in other countries . 
  i respect their laws . 
  likewise , these people should respect the official process of asylum . 
  effectively , they are queue jumpers . 
  if their claim is legitimate , it will be processed in accordance with national law . 
  i do n't have a problem with that . 
  what i do have a problem with , however , is illegal immigration . 
  they have no legal right to be in europe and i will never support it . 
  compassion clouds judgement . 
  i refuse to watch bbc programming so i ca n't . 
  in my opinion , their agenda is horribly left-wing . 
  they leech taxpayers ' money and overspend whilst complaining about inequality . 
  and i am of the belief that those who break that law should be punished to the fullest extent of the law . 
  i 'm not seeing your point here . 
  well , it would definitely help if they stopped smoking and drinking . 
  it would also help if they at least had a basic understanding of nutrition .
