  as it is , they do n't . 
  haha , the bbc love to crusade on behalf of the poor . 
  however , you have to learn to separate fact from fiction . 
  on an issue like this , they will use statistics out of context and sensationalise . 
  like the other british person said , i do n't know anyone who lives like this . 
  i imagine it 's people who have made bad life choices and expect the state to bail them out . 
  more propaganda from the bbc . 
  we should feel no sympathy for those who break the law and take unnecessary risks . 
  4.40 z\u0142 is around 80p for reference . 
  it 's stupidly cheap . 
  my only experience of ireland was when i spent a week in co.wicklow . 
  honestly , despite the terrible weather , the landscape was truly stunning . 
  ireland is a home away from home . 
  aww . 
  you 're okay , france . 
  spanish people love speaking about how well portuguese people speak english . 
  i heard that comment so frequently when i spent 5 weeks in catalu\u00f1a . 
  surely you mean w\u00f3dka , 
  there is no ` best part ' to a fat woman . 
  in spain , most shops do n't open on sundays . 
  in poland , however , they stay open until around 8-9pm . 
  i think that we need more consistency . 
  be careful what you wish for . 
  well , that 's stupid . 
  1 case makes it part of your culture ? 
  interesting . 
  as for the part about my ` colourful terminology ' , i do n't understand what you 're trying to say . 
  why would n't i consider slavs to be white ? 
  no , it does n't . 
  why should countries be forced to accept immigrants ? 
  that would be a terrible thing . 
  why ? 
  what obligation does poland have to syrian immigrants ? 
  it goes well with your irrelevant language , 
  hardly . 
  in all the time that i 've spent in warsaw , i barely remember seeing any non-whites . 
  certainly nothing on the scale of leicester . 
  i will enjoy reading about the hungarian revolution . 
  black people are never referred to as chavs . 
  no , it was racist . 
  as i said , the label is reserved for white people . 
  that makes it racist . 
  their comment was equally racist . 
  the label of ` chav ' tends to be reserved for white people . 
  france must be up there , too ? 
  black fathers , too . 
  and london . 
  go to newham , tower hamlets , and brixton . 
  we colonised them because we viewed them as inferior . 
  they 're pretty dangerous , though . 
  governments have a duty to protect their citizens , so i do n't see the problem . 
  why should people , whose bodies have n't finished developing , be allowed to cause untold harm ? 
  no , i do n't think that i do . 
  we are n't america . 
  seems to work for all the shit that goes on in turkey . 
  ` the community here is very prejudiced against those who are a ) not european ' i 'm just offering a potential reason . 
  the quality of these pictures astounds me . 
  my phone struggles with taking pictures of objects that are 7 feet away . 
  have n't europeans always been viewed as insular ? 
  he was most likely joking . 
  newspapers have a tendency to publish sensationalist stories about immigrants - especially those from poland , bulgaria , and romania . 
  in particular , they like to focus on the crimes committed by roma people and blame romanians . 
  the educated people in britain are aware that romanians are civilised people . 
  somebody has to lead the way and it wo n't be a `` developed '' country like the uk . 
  we make far too much revenue from them . 
  so , i 'm glad to see that lithuania is making a stand . 
  however , i 'm worried that the manufacturers will just `` reformulate '' their products and circumvent the ban . 
   among adolescents , consumption varied from 48 % in greece to 82 % in the czech republic . 
  more than 8 in 10 adolescents consume energy drinks in czech republic . 
  i find that hard to believe . 
  ` recent ' ? 
  that was aired prior to euro 2012 . 
  it was also widely derided . 
  on the contrary , i actually think that lab animals would fare a lot better . 
  almost like burning a field and waiting for secondary succession ? 
  i can get behind that idea . 
  anyone would think that those were our only two options . 
  we could n't possibly reform our societies and encourage people to have more children , could we ? 
  i think that people like him are rubbing their hands together in glee at the prospect of being a minority . 
  it 's fucking perverse . 
  no , it 's definitely that they 're breeding too fast . 
  remove the training wheels and they 'd die . 
  houses ? 
  what about jobs ? 
  to think that they are supposed to be efficient . 
  well , it is . 
  what you believe is irrelevant . 
  if someone used that syntax in a conversation with me , i 'd think that they were poorly educated . 
  moldova leading the way . 
  my passport is half in french . 
  i would give my passport back . 
  i hate the use of the word ` progressive ' . 
  it sounds so wrong in the contexts that it is used . 
  let 's hope that lithuania resists for as long as possible . 
  you need to remove one of the ` nots ' . 
  at the moment , you 're saying that they are determined to make their coast like that of spain 's . 
  the fuck ? 
  who does n't know where serbia , croatia , or slovenia are ? 
  stop trying to pay yourself compliments . 
  population-wise , it 's pretty much even .
