  sometimes . 
  quite often , it does n't work for most of the journeym, 
  they 'd have become like wales , not gibraltar . 
  no , we do n't . 
  if you knobs choose to buy cheap shit , you ca n't expect magic . 
  we have a burgeoning organic market ( one of the largest in europe ) , quality cheeses , and a wonderful selection of meat . 
  if you 're judging our food on the basic range , go sit in the corner . 
  living in spain , i miss british food . 
  you clearly are n't a proper brit . 
  polskibus are an amazing company . 
  use them . 
  you can travel across poland for 40p ( if you book early enough ) . 
  their coaches are modern and amazing , even in the winter . 
  i went from bratislava to katowice to krakow to warsaw to wroc\u0142aw to krakow all without any issues . 
  in fact , i 've used them 15 + times without a single issue . 
  no , that 's kind of the whole point . 
  i think that the retards have breached the internet . 
  more people need to move to valladolid and the like . 
  here in catalu\u00f1a , there are so many people living in close proximity to one another . 
  a pandemic would be disastrous . 
  births are n't the only way for a population to expand . 
  if turkey has a net gain from immigration , the population will grow . 
  living in catalu\u00f1a , i can tell you that spain has every right to be afraid . 
  the people here are quite entrenched with their views . 
  any referendum would be embarrassingly one-sided . 
  immigration ? 
  both of those countries were colonised in all but name . 
  china was under immense british pressure . 
  japan , after world war 2 , has retained an american presence . 
  of course . 
  however , 500 is too large a number for me to grasp . 
  it happens . 
  this sub is n't dedicated to faux-mourning the deaths of 500 people . 
  that 's why . 
  is it my fault if people are uneducated and incapable of learning more than one context for a word ? 
  if we went by your logic , most words could n't be used . 
  the great thing about the english language is that words have more than one definition . 
  for example , invade can also mean the following : encroach or intrude on - the illegal immigrants are invading ( encroaching on european territory ) encroach - intrude on ( a person 's territory , rights , personal life , etc. ) . 
  i would say that invade is a very applicable word . 
  amusingly , in spanish , encroach is ` invasora ' . 
  they are , though . 
  have they been invited ? 
  are they wanted ? 
  i wonder what that leaves ... 
  nice complex  for a self-anointed genius , you appear to miss the purpose of the ' [ childish ] simplicity ' . 
  this incident is of no relevance to anyone . 
  these people took a risk and died . 
  it happens . 
  ` move on , folks ' . 
  well , they are . 
  that 's a different incident . 
  this is unfortunate , but it 's the way of life . 
  cameron supported tusk , so i do n't see how this exacerbates anything . 
  i really would n't trust `` research '' carried out by such a biased organisation . 
  of course they 're going to say that it 's a positive situation . 
  for every job role , there will be a candidate criteria . 
  what it is , precisely , i do n't know . 
  i do n't understand why it 's seen as abhorrent for men to be put forward . 
  if they 're better qualified , they should be selected . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
   the selection was widely seen as a protest by mr cameron , who questioned the legitimacy of the appointment of mr juncker , an arch-federalist , in the wake of the european elections . 
  that might explain his selection . 
  there is more to life than money . 
  poland is a much better place to live than sweden . 
  the conservative party in the uk received only 14 % of the non-white vote during the last election . 
  most non-whites vote for labour . 
  your anecdote is worthless . 
  bratislava needs a lot of work . 
  the city is visibly deprived . 
  they need to fix the pavement and roads . 
  they need to modernise the facades of buildings , and they need to create more cultural buildings . 
  it 's a decent city , but nothing more . 
  you can get either . 
  we have every bread imaginable in our supermarkets . 
  the fact that bratislava is so high tells me all that i need to know about this index . 
  bratislava is n't even in the same realm as london . 
   maybe if the europeans had n't come in and raped their continent it sounds like you 're trying to palm off the blame . 
  says the australian whose country was founded by europeans . 
  we should build a wall around europe . 
  in 10 years , white people existing will be deemed racist . 
  i stared that ginger prick in the eye a few weeks back . 
  coach ? 
  it 's such a beautiful city . 
  minsk surprised me , though . 
  i was n't expecting it to look so nice . 
  it might just be a reflection of the areas that i have seen the lidl stores in . 
  i 'm sure that they 're really good in germany . 
  however , i recall that they did n't place the items on shelves . 
  instead , they had wooden pallets . 
  lidl , along with aldi , are viewed as catering to those fighting poverty in the uk . 
  what effect will this have on the pound ? 
  it would be a nice change of track . 
  it is also a russian speaking nation that does n't require a visa . 
  the cost of living is low , too . 
  i have no desire to ever visit countries that use either arabic or mandarin . 
  i do , however , have a desire to live in russia , belarus , and/or moldova . 
  in my opinion , english , spanish , and russian would offer me the greatest opportunities . 
  i understand and appreciate the cultural importance of arabic and mandarin , but they just do n't interest me . 
  those countries also learn english well . 
  spanish people , on the other hand , do n't learn english that we 'll .
