  to me ? 
  not in the slightest . 
  i disagree . 
  i 've visited poland many times and i view the language as more difficult than russian . 
  russian does n't have stuff like \u0105 \u0107 \u0119 \u0142 \u0144 \u00f3 \u015b \u017a \u017c . 
  i like the country , and i 'd probably be able to learn the language if i moved , but i have no hope of learning it through any other method . 
  it 's our pleasure ( and for our own convenience ) . 
  i 'm going to spain to teach english and learn spanish for the next year or so next month . 
  well , i am learning spanish , but it takes time . 
  other than spanish , and russian , no other language is important enough to [ me to ] learn . 
  edited to not offend people . 
  i like other languages , but they 're just too damn hard . 
  i 'm looking at you , polish . 
  `` you '' people ? 
  i have a feeling that us english speakers are at a distinct disadvantage . 
  and azerbaijan . 
  i wonder . 
  i ca n't believe that they removed the three-day ticket . 
  that was great value for money . 
  now , it 's nowhere near as economical to use public transport in warsaw . 
  i walk everywhere as a result . 
  well , he did steal one from us . 
  you 're in for a bit of a culture shock . 
  london is a third-world dump . 
  cheap holidays to italy it is then . 
  how tragic . 
  stratford is still an absolute shithole . 
  you could build another 30 shopping centres and it still would n't make a difference . 
  [ u wot m8 ? 
  british cheddar is the only thing keeping me in the country . 
  do n't worry , i had to educate myself on something quite basic yesterday . 
  you do realise that there are 365.25 days in a year , right ? 
  unfortunately , i 'm already booked to swap london for barcelona from september . 
  the only thing holding me back from moving to poland permanently is the language . 
  that shit is hard . 
  it looks nicer in the image given . 
  i have n't been to either bucharest or sofia , so i can only comment based on images . 
  what are your political leanings ? 
  perhaps you have an agenda . 
  looks like nigel was right about belgium . 
  in london , we could n't have a tram system like in warszawa even if we wanted one . 
  that 's what i like about warszawa - the wide streets . 
  well , the title says ` new russian tram ' . 
  i 'll give you the last two . 
  sofia looks a lot nicer , though . 
  when i went during the winter , the city was so grey and deprived . 
  i rode on a tram that was probably older than me . 
  my favourite city in the world by far . 
  i would swap london for warsaw every day of the year . 
  which is why we must keep labour out . 
  they have shown that they do n't have a clue how to handle to economy . 
  the newest one from google does n't . 
  it only has a stop/go button . 
  pretty much , yeah . 
  or , if there was a gunman on the rampage . 
  i asked a fucking question . 
  i did n't ` assume ' anything . 
  sorry for not being a fucking farmer . 
  i 'll drop everything that i 'm doing and read up on polish agricultural exports . 
  i 'm sure that you could find somewhere . 
  why would n't they just export to somewhere else ? 
  will there be a way to override the car and take manual control ? 
  if not , how will people escape dangerous situations where the sensors recognise that there are people in front/around the car ? 
  only so that the ukrainians can save face . 
  it 's part of russia . 
  from ireland . 
  checks out . 
  like they were compelled to intervene in serbia ? 
  let 's hope that they act a bit quicker this time . 
  i must disagree . 
  my visit to bratislava was lovely , but the city needs to be beautified . 
  at the moment , it is too grey and communist looking . 
  the castle is beautiful , though . 
  wroc\u0142aw was nice , but i 'd recommend making the short journey to pozna\u0144 . 
  in fact , just use polskibus and do a tour of poland . 
  by the way , what did you mean with your krak\u00f3w comment ? 
  i 've been to krak\u00f3w three times ( warsaw 4 ) and have never felt unsafe . 
  the same goes for all of the polish cities that i 've visited ( there are 7 ) . 
  op , make sure you visit moaburger in krak\u00f3w . 
  i just do n't like albania . 
  no real reason , to be honest . 
  it just seems like a giant ghetto . 
  moldova wo n't go for that . 
  easily . 
  i lived there for three months , and have visited on 4 other occasions without a single issue . 
  the people are friendly enough . 
  why are girls obligated to date someone that they do n't find attractive ? 
  i do n't understand why that would even be a factor . 
  are n't there enough women for him from his own culture ? 
  i lived in poland ( krak\u00f3w ) for three months and i quite like their homogeneous culture . 
  why would they care ? 
  they are the same religion as the host country . 
  so few ? 
  we have over 800,000 polish people in the uk . 
  in london , i can find polish people with little difficulty . 
  i live near 3 polish shops , too . 
  i have a few eastern european shops , too , nearby . 
  if you want a polish restaurant , search for zapiecek . 
  104 rubles to a # 1 . 
  perhaps , it has something to do with the fact that britain and france are located in europe ?
