  sure , we should sponsor art for arts sake , but do n't tell me a statue of a half jew/half bird eating babies would be tolerated in any major american cities . 
  where are you quoting this from ? 
  nobody here seems to talk about herring . 
  people never talk enough about herring . 
  i 'm really interested in seeing a similar map but with `` caucasian '' instead of european , i.e. 
  including people such as the iranians . 
  is n't that lovely . 
  - immediate confiscation of german retails/businesses/companies , full compensation for wwii war reparations and occupation loan . 
  - removal of illegal immigrants with a parallel promotion in european countries . 
  i want to see them to this , just to see if it only blows their foot or the whole leg away . 
   remember one thing - that sweden is performing better than the rest of europe . 
  do n't worry , by next week you 'll have read comments by other redditors , and find yourself opinionated that sweden is cool again . 
  you mean keeping a register on roma people , or filing a police report on themselves after the register has been front page news for a couple of days ? 
  good thing , brokraine . 
  did they actually refer to the ottoman empire as `` turkey '' in 1862 ? 
  my feeling precisely . 
  at least it 's something worth more of a public debate . 
  without this exact school of thought , there 'd never been a germany today , but instead half a dozen moderately wealthy smaller states ... you 're more than welcome to spread the word on the danish subreddit for / r/scandinavism , 
  try with a c instead !, 
  / r/scandinavism, 
  join the / r/scandinavism struggle , together we 'll bitch russia back to the stone age !, 
  yeah , problem 's that people on both ends of the political spectra will use `` the rampant misery and ghettofication '' for their own means . 
  i have n't been to any country which has had more well-handled downtown areas than sweden ( except for those of total cultural and ethnic homogeneity of course ) . 
  the youths who threw those rocks were predominately kids who try to be counter-culture while being `` too cool '' to actually try and do an effort at school . 
  then after high school they 're disappointed that they ca n't find meaningful jobs or further education . 
  and of course it 's societys fall . 
  exceptionalism is such a silly idea . 
  the only country that has risen above that backwards thinking is obviously sweden \\ o /, 
  you have to take in consideration that these were n't ideas foreign to the people of germany . 
  for over two centuries already , censorship had been constitutionally illegal in sweden , and there was plenty of political activism all over europe advocating for the empowerment of the individual . 
  it 's not as if germany existed in some sort of vacuum were these ideas unheard of , or unrepresented . 
  it is difficult to not have a prejudice when every other friend of mine has been threatened , stolen from , harassed or in any other way had extremely negative experience from interacting with gypsies . 
  oh not to mention that there 's been a ridiculous amount of gypsy beggars in sweden over the last years . 
  but it 's so easy to grow !, 
  go handle your social responsibility to your community and grow some yourself . 
  i might be wrong , but it is quite common in sweden to hire handymen and paying on the side , and finding them by recommendations of others . 
  since jobs related to housing can be substantial , it might make up a big part of the swedish shadow economy . 
  how common is it in england , compared to using taxing plumbers , construction workers , electricians and such ? 
  nah , now that he 's got a diamond ring he 's going to retire and spend his days hunting elk in siberia . 
  * he 's got it made now . 
  [ it 's the president of russia , the country which literally titled their rulers as emperors less than a century ago . 
  i 'm quite sure there are plenty of gaudier jewelries to be found in moscow or st. 
  ] ( http://www.tristarmedia.com/bestofrussia/jewels.html ) i 'm sure putin just saw it as a shiny and expensive [ gimmick ] ( http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lo3vm25yfv1qda1u4.jpg ) . 
  ** sweden ** * international report shows that immigration brings in more tax money than it costs ( if you exclude 40 % of the costs , otherwise it 's not the case . 
  nevertheless , immigration is a financial benefit and not a cost , even if it costs ) . 
  * princess madeleine has married . 
  personally i voted yes in the whole `` should we build ghettos ? '', 
  question . 
  [ it 's like the riot in gothenburg some months ago , when hundreds of high school students in a heavily immigrant neighborhood tried to lynch a couple of girls who 'd accused some other girls of being whores . 
  ] ( http://img1.tv4cdn.se/?resize=720x405&amp;shape=cut&amp;source=http%3a%2f%2fprima.tv4play.se%2fmultimedia%2fvman%2fvman-p225%2fvman-p2252299_do.jpg ), 
  i think that the integration policies play a very small part in this drama . 
  as most european countries at the moment , sweden is suffering from a high unemployment rate among the youths . 
  there is also the relatively new ( i.e. 
  less than 10 years old ) policy of youths being able to apply for which high school they want to study in instead of automatically being assigned to the closest one . 
  this policy has lead to a higher segregation between `` good '' and `` bad '' high schools , with all the dedicated students ending up at better ones , and those who do n't give a crap about their education staying in the local , worse high school . 
  i am quite sure that the people doing these riots belong to the latter group . 
  they 've got a bad education and no proper plans for their futures , they 've grown up and stayed in areas with  80 % first generation immigrants and feel very little connection to the swedish society , and they ca n't get a job because there is so much competition for them ( and the employers prefer employees who speak proper swedish ) . 
  personally i think that if anything should be changed , it 's the law permitting immigrants to settle down in whichever city they want . 
  up until the 80s they had to settle and work for something around 2 years in a city with a high demand of workers , which led to immigrants being able to integrate themselves into the workforce quickly , instead of ending up in ghettos in malm\u00f6 ( where the first generation immigrants have a employment participation rate of ~ 45 % compared to 75 % among the natives ) . 
  the biggest problem is that we 're socially not permitted to sensibly discuss immigration . 
  the only swedish party that 's critical to increased immigration is perceived nazi ( mostly because it actually has a nazi heritage from the 80s ) , and everyone trying to debate this topic , sweden democrat or not , are immediately branded nazi themselves . 
  estcube , polandballs distant relative . 
  he 's pretty square so they do n't hang out much . 
  oh , i read it as what news items are popular in our region , not what news items originated from it . 
  * sweden 's warm !, 
  * israel attacks syria . 
  * ice hockey , of course . 
  tolerance is unfortunately often mixed up with unconditional acceptance . 
  well , afaik a lot of turks are still pretty emotionally awkward when talking about kurds ... 
  know which book , and if it 's good ? 
  i love alternative history litterature . 
  portugal until the mid 70 's too . 
  swede here . 
  we see the typical german as a hardworking fella that enjoys good beer and food . 
  unfortunately a bit challenged on the linguistic front , as we 've all discovered trying to watch german tv at one time or another . 
  more than that , nothing bad . 
  it 's not like you 're one of the silly mediterranean peoples throwing money at corrupt politicians !, 
  i agree that the health care in cuba might be horrible , but from what i 've heard many americans have long gone without any proper health care at all due to the extreme costs of it , if you 're in a financially sensitive situation with no insurance . 
  rather bad public health care than none at all . 
  and regarding the us having such awesome social mobility , well :  a study performed by economists at the organisation for economic cooperation and development in 2009 found that britain and the united states have the lowest levels of intergenerational mobility , or the highest levels of intergenerational persistence . 
  the nordic countries ( norway , sweden , denmark and finland ) and canada tend to have high rates of social mobility . 
  norway proved to be the most mobile society . 
  source : orsetta causa and \u00c5sa johansson `` intergenerational social mobility '' , organisation for economic cooperation and development , 2009 . 
  and does n't that make sense ? 
  when higher academia becomes practically exclusive for people who have access to wealth , whose children will be the engineers and economists of the next generation ? 
  yet what is wrong with cuba rising above the us ? 
  they do have a more accessible health care and education system , not to mention the horrendous social mobility of the us . 
  absolutely . 
  i doubt there really should be that much green down on the saudi arabian peninsula . 
  so nationalist and socialist then ? 
  there should be a term for that . 
  hmm . 
  why not national socialism ? 
  if there was just a shorter word for that long term ... 
  i live in a student corridor in sweden , and we 've got this dutch guy here who said that he was expecting swedes to be really cold and uninviting , while they in fact have been some of the friendliest and helpful people he 's met . 
  he even thought people in stockholm were helpful !, 
  whut ? 
  no way . 
  close to a fifth of the current swedish population was born abroad , while in japan it 's closer to 1 % . 
  yeah , it must 've been more of a photoshoot instead of a protest .
