the people will oust the government in favor of a pro-eu one , but before you know it unmarked norwegian troops will land and stage an anti-eu secession rebellion in the eastern parts of iceland . 
  be prepared . 
  jerusalem and it 's surrounding holy sites was to be governed by the un and be of equal access to both sides . 
   a bunch of racist fundamentalist europeans with absolutely zero legitimate claim [ * straaaaawman , fighter of the nightman ... * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzavd6zl2ba ), 
  why would they ? 
  what is the similarity here ? 
  germany was punished after the second world war and lost historically german territories in the east to poland , partly as a war reparation . 
  the arab palestinians attacked the jews and tried to seize all of palestine , but lost the war and had territory taken from them instead . 
  ireland was completely annexed by great britain in a practically colonial manner for imperial reasons . 
  the simile here would be if the uk had lost their aggressive war with ireland and in turn lost territory to them , and would now be desiring it back . 
  were n't they mostly muslims though ? 
  the only alternative i can think of is palestinian arabs , but there were and are arab jews too . 
  anyhow , yes 56 % of the land was allocated to the jews since they were expecting a massive amount of immigration in the short and medium term , but a big chunk of that land consisted of the very non-arable negev desert . 
  yeah , but the irony is that the palestinian muslims chose to persecute the jews in order to keep palestine for themselves , which is what people are blaming israel for doing onto the palestinians nowadays . 
   developed nations that caused this mess to begin with what about in 1948 when the palestinian muslims refused to divide the country into two equal parts for each religion , as was mandated by the un ? 
  it was supposed to be a solution for the antisemitism and religious tensions in the country , but was met with refusal and the muslims declaring a civil war on the jews with the intention of kicking them out . 
  after winning , israel simply decided that they would be taking more than just 50 % of the country ( and if you think that 's wrong and should be undone , you should feel the same thing about historically german territory becoming polish in 1945 ) . 
  denmark is renowned by it 's forest clad mountain ranges ( ever seen beowulf from 2007 ? ) . 
  a lot of hunting takes place there , but it 's mostly camelooso . 
  they 're not that big or dangerous . 
  [ here 's the source . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2jz90h/76_of_poles_oppose_joining_the_euro/clghzqk ), 
  yeah , only 25 % of all posts containing statistics has a source in it . 
  lol you even say it yourself that the rest of the navy was a collection of floating junkers . 
  many of the soviet tanks , planes , guns and even atomic bombs generally showed lower accuracy and lower reliability than the weapons designed by nato , and previously the allies and the axis . 
  the soviet union had the benefit of having a larger army and air force than the others , and therefore partly accepted cheaper equipment . 
  this goes back to the 18th century , when russian troops were predominately levied serfs and were thus employed en masse against enemy armies . 
  how the hell would it be racist to make a generalization based on this ? 
  go troll somewhere else . 
  [ this is what i imagine every time someone says that it 's probably a minisub , ] ( http://www.spycatcheronline.co.uk/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/u/n/underwater2.jpg ) and now he 's all alone down there :(, 
  afaik they 're very expensive and more fit for longer missions in deeper water . 
  stockholms archipelago is n't that deep . 
  i wonder how much goes on between russia and china and if there 's any tension between them . 
  but if we dismantle our military completely , the rest of the world would follow suit . 
  besides , the last world war was * surely * the last war we 'll ever see in europe . 
  the design philosophy of russian/soviet military equipment has traditionally been quantity over quality . 
  the latvians delved too greedily and too deep . 
  you know what they awoke in the darkness of the baltics ... putin and flame . 
  who does n't enjoy a [ good bear ] ( http://cuteoverload.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/7652654556_cd83402ab8_b.jpg?w=560&amp;h=405 ) ? 
  there are plenty of planned and surprise inspections from government bureaus to plants of all kinds , especially if they process food items , pharmaceuticals or other things involving pathogens . 
  there 's always one employee who is personally responsible for constantly maintaining a safe and sterile environment and process line , which goes from before they receive their resources to the moment it 's shipped . 
  i can promise you that asses were kicked and stiff government bureaucrats were all over this , and the company has definitely reworked their protocol to prevent this in the future . 
  if they have n't , they 're pretty much being illegal . 
  and most cases it is n't the company itself acting evil , but just some employee who accidentally or out of laziness disregard the proper protocol . 
  i 'm sure someone and their supervisor was punished for this internally . 
  the codex justinianus was a codification of earlier roman laws . 
  the roman republic wrote the laws , the byzantines merely compiled them !, 
  hot damn , you guys really need some workers rights movements . 
  secret denmark ? 
  by the time east rome separated and became what we know as the byzantine empire , it was definitely no longer the cradle of western civilization . 
  by the time of the great schism it started heading in another direction than that of western europe . 
  the roman republic is the appropriate cradle of western civilization !, 
  it 's a natural reaction to discussing immigration in sweden . 
  sure , sweden is receiving more immigrants per capita than the us has at any point over the last couple of centuries , and its in general 10 times more per capita than other scandinavian countries , but if you propose that these numbers might be troublesome you 're a racist . 
  you do n't actually think about things like employment issues , integration , the housing market , but instead , you 're actually just a racist . 
  you just want racial purity and round up and shoot non-aryan people , do n't you ? 
  [ 90 % of the population increase since 2000 has been by immigration ] ( http://www.dn.se/ledare/signerat/det-nya-sverige/ ) , among whom the employment rate lies at 58 % ( it 's 82 % for people born in sweden ) but it 's still taboo to discuss it . 
  in which way would that have been ? 
  sweden did n't start its nuclear weapons program until 1945 . 
  the afro-swedish organization is based in malm\u00f6 , or at least their most outspoken leader . 
  they scream `` racism ! '', 
  at everything . 
  even removing the notion of race from the law-books was racist . 
  hmm ok , but we get to deal with foreign relations , research & development politics , the military and telecommunication services !, 
  but please , please , please handle the trains too . 
  i know that it 's all fun and games that we hate the danes , but could n't we be all `` h\u00e4y , lets merge scandinavia to one super country and destroy russia together !! '', 
  instead ? 
  swedish livonia never forget < / 3, 
  itt : people who are envious of rural homes . 
  would your average catholic person be more loyal towards the holy see or the country he lives in ? 
  this was a real fear to avoid having catholic presidents in the us . 
  yeah , most of the world 's cocoa is grown in western africa . 
  true that . 
  it 's more fun if we just give them our unwanted surpluses of everything to make sure that it 's just not worth doing anything else but extract metals and grow cocoa for us . 
  they 'd be poorerest though . 
  nah , lets not destroy the african agriculture further by dumping free food to compete with their locally grown stuff . 
  sudan could use some , though . 
  yet 58 % of the worlds gdp . 
  computer virus technology ? 
  kind of like eu announcing import bans on russian gas and oil in november . 
   if ( when really ) the leftists win next month 's election they want everyone young that ca n't get a job to work in health care for shit pay . 
  or they will lose their benefits . 
  it 's gon na be hilarious . 
  when have they said that ? 
  ah , if things flare up in ukraine , that will take all the spotlights in the media . 
  when the russian bear growls , pretty much everyone in europe and the west will have historical flashbacks to the cold war and beyond . 
  well , that 's how an average works . 
  well , the highways in germany were built due to the high demand for brothels , so it could be true . 
  it 's been called the most sneaky and sectarian wildfire of our times !, 
  oh shit i did n't see that at first . 
  damn it for living by the world 's most polluted sea , it cranks our style :(, 
  do you believe , to any degree between seriously and jokingly , in gnome-like spirits which live secretly along with humans , and more mischievous fairies and trolls which inhabit the forests ? 
  it 's pretty common here in sweden , and with our proximity and slightly shared history i 'd imagine we share some folkish ideas , you and us . 
  it happened in malm\u00f6 . 
  the majority of the population there were born abroad , and predominately in the middle east and east africa . 
  so yeah , do n't think that it was swedish nazis who did this ... antisemitism among immigrants have become a pretty common thing in this region . 
  only in the russia & bulgaria poster , the colours are different in the original with china . 
  ha , neo-monarchism . 
  [ sign me up !, 
  ] ( http://hd.se/multimedia/dynamic/00127/10030_jpg_127059v530x800.jpg ),
