  but for the whole population ? 
  he pointed out how the threat from nazism is higher than ever . 
  same for other forms of extremism too . 
  it was this general feeling of being a post-material society which has always done well financially . 
  the norm became to share our wealth ever more and more , and well , it was n't infinite . 
  sweden is n't blocking any entrance , but the number of registered migrants coming each day has recently passed 2000 per day , and the government has lost track of how many really enter the country . 
  now people will have to admit at the border if they 're seeking asylum or not . 
  this whole debacle is the end of a lot of aspects of the swedish mindset . 
  everyone 's debating on what to do with the whole welfare system , and plenty of market liberalisations are being streamlined for the immigrants . 
  there is still no planning done whatsoever about what to do with all these people except for finding housing and basic needs for them . 
  no , the current plan is still to start putting people in tents and offices , and force all municipalities in sweden to have built houses and created jobs for the immigrants by march . 
  a lot of media is still just portraying it as a temporary agency problem which only goes as far as that we can not give many people the respectful welcome they deserve . 
  nevermind the missing 5 billion euro . 
  m , sd and kd only make up 40 % . 
  we 've been doing this for years in sweden ... 
  the people who are employed to determine if someone speaks a syrian accent are usually ordinary swedes who have no knowledge of arabic moreover having listened to tapes and been told lingvistic points . 
  because then you reduce an individual to nothing more than a cultural stereotype , and that 's apparently the racist thing . 
  unfortunately the stereotype that somalians lack education and that many muslims are very conservative and difficult to integrate is turning out to be true . 
  over the last couple of weeks really everyone have started discussing the flaws in the swedish system , even the politicians . 
  what the `` nazi far-right party '' have been saying for the last eight years , and which has been labelled as a mega racist political opinion , is shyly starting to become a more and more popular thought ( i.e. 
  that sweden needs to impose drastic limits on how many we take in ) . 
  only the leftist party and the green party are still for complete laissez-faire immigration . 
  unfortunately the greens are in the government ... 
  yup . 
  the main problem is that so many politicians have for so long claimed that `` speaking about volumes '' is a racist thing when it comes to immigrants . 
  and surprise surprise , turns out that you could n't just ignore that . 
  then why did n't the vote of distrust go through just recently ? 
  no , the alliance parties are not working for snap elections , but instead voted against it . 
  in sweden , the government has already announced more loans , raising the retirement age , decreased funding of health care welfare coverage , future tax hikes and lower regulations for some job sectors . 
   anyway , quotas will never work , it 's pretty simple really , migrants do n't want to get placed in eastern europe and eastern europe does n't want any migrants . 
  especially not when the people claiming to be under 18 and are without a responsible adult ( 30.000 arrived this year ) are allocated * 75.000 $ * in costs a year . 
  that 's twice as much as the average worker would make in that time . 
  actually , yeah i think they did . 
  the social democrats are at a historic low , and some polls have put the sweden democrats at  25 % lately . 
  they 're still as boycotted as ever in the parliament though , with all other parties condemning the sweden democrats on the ground that they are secret nazis . 
  it 's generally understandable . 
  bigger difference than british and american , but smaller than dutch and german . 
   it will change your culture this has always been completely ignored . 
  i 'd like to think it 's because of cultural hybris , with a lot of people seeing swedish as some sort of post-modern next-level world culture , which all immigrants would easily adopt , since it 's so secular and rational . 
  fact is that there will be a lot more religious and moralising voters in the future elections . 
  i 'm curious about how that will turn out . 
  several mainstream parties have recently picked up on more restrictive migration politics . 
  the 2nd largest party , the moderates , along with one of the smaller ones , the christian democrats , have started demanding temporary citizenships and immediate border controls . 
  swedish and danish , among both the participants and the hosts . 
  oh that debate was so embarassing on a national level ... #denmark 1939, 
   meanwhile the interior ministry estimated that accommodating each asylum seeker at a reception centre for one year would cost 15,000 euros . 
  in sweden there are cases were 10,000 euros are spent on accomodation each month ... 
  though that 's only for the people claiming to be under 18 years old . 
  the fact is that it 's words versus words , and a total lack of technical proof that it was a rape . 
  it 's difficult to get sentenced for rape in sweden , since our system is designed to rather free a guilty person than incriminate an innocent one . 
  which is why assange should 've just come back for questioning years ago . 
  `` identity - politics '', 
  i think it takes a special kind of stupid to come to that conclusion from what i wrote ... 
  if i lost just 500 $ right now i 'd be out on the streets . 
  and when i 've been robbed i got practically no attention from police . 
  kim just lost pocket money . 
  being rich is insulation to the biggest anxieties and worries of most people in the world ( who are also exposed to crime a lot more ) , i.e. 
  the uncertainty that one wo n't have the means to do anything . 
  of course she must be scared of everything else . 
  i 'm just saying that her life is still ten thousand times `` safer '' than anyone poor . 
  well , she 's been rich all her life and has never experienced the slightest financial anxiety , and still wo n't even though she 's lost millions . 
  i 'm sure she 'll be fine ... 
  probably have to be `` not part of a clan '' , barring roma people from it . 
  what , no . 
  if it 's between championing for something which happened a century ago and has become pretty irrelevant , and getting practical assistance in solving today 's issues , it 's realpolitik to choose the latter . 
  what , no . 
  if it 's between championing for something which happened a century ago and has become pretty irrelevant , and getting practical assistance in solving today 's issues , it 's realpolitik to choose the latter . 
  the argument is that you can only be rascist `` downwards '' the hierarchy . 
  obama could literally say that all white people are filth and should be killed but it still would n't be racism , since that 's simply a white invention to profit from minorities ... 
  they 're opposing that the swedish state sanctions deadly violence against black people and dislike that hundreds and hundreds of black people are killed every year in sweden ... ? 
  wtf ? 
  what about the welfare system and the massive spending invested in these black lives ? 
  one of them had n't even learnt swedish but still complained about being marginalised by society . 
  well maybe if you learned the language you 'd feel more included . 
  only in swedish , unfortunately . 
  remember when the auschwitz sign got stolen some years back ? 
  that was linked to a nazi coup of sweden in planning . 
  the sign was to be auctioned off to fund more weaponry . 
  so the message to far-rightists and third-wayers is that they should n't even bother trying to use democratic means to get hold of a government ... might as well use non - democratic means and ponder to putin then . 
  i 'm very certain that babies born on the travel is so rare that it 's not even a factor . 
  most stateless people are adult , or at least teenagers . 
  about half a dosen telecom masts have been sabotaged over the last several days . 
  last report came in a couple of hours ago , in falk\u00f6ping : http://www.dn.se/nyheter/sverige/misstankt-mastsabotage-utanfor-falkoping/ many other cases of sabotage aimed at swedish telecommunications has also taken place lately , documented on sweddit here : https://www.reddit.com/r/sweden/comments/4k24y4/lista_%c3%b6ver_kommunikationsst%c3%b6rningar_i_sverige_de/, 
  my view of portugal and the portuguese is that they seem and sound like warm and more tanned russians . 
  haha yeah , frequently . 
  but i have to point out how most socialists who are n't social democrats tend to view traditional social democracy as faux fascism and , well , today the ideology is very absent from the politicians . 
  now i 'm speaking from a swedish point of view , but social democracy has mostly meant corporativism and class collaboration combined with a massive welfare state ( which we got ta remember is a prussian , conservative innovation ) . 
  our social democrats are actually going through drastic changes at the moment , `` getting pragmatic and realistic '' and less soft on crime is new vision . 
  well , that 's almost what social democracy ideologically is about . 
  except for that there wo n't have to be an uprising , since the revolution is replaced with reforms . 
  marx said that every worker should have and know how to operate a weapon . 
  tried the first one , it did n't work , and fuck joining nato . 
  it 's [ this swedish guy ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/28/08/a6/2808a6f77ffe4fae9a366ba246db8ec5.jpg ) who makes about 20 million usd a year by catering narrated game-plays on youtube to young teens and kids . 
  sports , hot ladies & pewdiepie . 
  i 've missed this . 
  i 've only read that the original driver was killed near milan and gotten his lorry stolen . 
  what did he do ? 
  uh there was a lot of interference from the us which enabled this . 
  it will go through customs to check for illegal stuff , but you wo n't have to pay japanese taxes online and european import taxes when it arrives . 
  2 % higher taxes on sugar and gas would probably be able to fund more than that .
