  nevertheless , as a stockholmer , i do n't mind !, 
  makes a lot more sense now !, 
  i wonder how the basque word for cheese became so popular here in the north !, 
  / r/ukraine third biggest subreddit ? 
   [ i almost did a map with overlapping categories myself , but i got lazy . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kcpjgl2bals&amp;t=0m45s ), 
  his finland-tag forced me to !, 
  lies , sweden would never force other people to learn our language . . !, 
  the sami of northern scandinavia hog a lot of land for just being 100,000 people . 
  norway of course !, 
  it 'd be beautiful . 
  [ check out these graphs and you 'll see how the correlation between greenhouse gases and global temperature is quite clear . 
  ] ( http://www.c2es.org/facts-figures/trends ) it 's needless to say that even though greenhouse gases have always existed , we 're pumping them out in an accelerating speed with growing industries , animal farms and increasing energy consumption . 
  and most of the money spent on `` fighting the global warming '' goes towards construction of renewable energy sources ( energy plants that do n't release co2 from fossil fuels ) and improving industries by reducing their ghg outputs . 
  btw , inb4 someone writes about it , or you hear or read somewhere that not all co2-producing energy plants is bad , they tend to refer to the burning of plant or organic materials for energy purposes . 
  this is a lot better than using fossil fuels such as coal or oil , since the co2 released from plants come from the atmosphere anyhow . 
  the net ghg amount in the atmosphere is unchanged from burning non-fossil fuels . 
  pretty , but i generally dislike using circles in comparative graphics . 
  even if one circle might be four times as big as another , its diameter is still only about 2.3 times bigger in comparison . 
  it fuzzes the difference between the biggest and the smallest ones . 
  norway , denmark , sweden and iceland is like a dysfunctional family that keeps on talking shit about each other but actually likes each other quite a lot , and could never imagine living without the others . 
  finland is the half-brother of sweden , that had a fall-out with the rest but still shows up at family dinners every now and then , even though everyone finds him weird . 
  sometimes estonia shows up and insist that he 's our cousin , but we just ignore that fella . 
  not at the moment no , but a lot of big european countries were very opposed to such values just 60 years ago . 
  who know , hopefully a liberal cultural revolution spreads through the middle east and they too start having properly tolerant and secular societies . 
  what are `` european values '' ? 
  the liberalism and secularism , which most european states have experienced for just one or two centuries ? 
  no , this is the first time i heard of this . 
  the coptic pope has a good relation to the government , and there are only words of respect exchanged between most copts and muslims . 
  unfortunately , as with most muslim countries , a small vanguard of fundamentalists manage to do quite a bit of harm . 
  i like it . 
  broad , powerful , not ideologically flavoured !, 
  i like this one . 
  democracy is commonly associated with european tradition ( the ancient greeks ) , and it sounds clean !, 
  perhaps the democratic federation ? 
   the real problem is that there are absolutely no jobs - legal or illegal for them . 
  indeed . 
  global economic politics must evolve in order to be able at handling a post-labour economy in order to avoid broken down welfare states and widespread poverty and criminality . 
  issues like these would be so much easier without all these nation states . 
  it 's 4 years to become a naturalized citizen if they qualify to be considered a refugee , which they are if : - they perceive a fear of prosecution because of their ethnicity , nationality , religion , political opinion , gender , sexuality or other belonging to a certain subculture and - can not or will not out of fear of prosecution seek help in their home country , or fear inefficient protection in said country . 
  though you have to have lived here legally in order to be naturalized , but if for some reason you lived illegally but later received legal status , your previous illegal time will be included . 
   even though we 've told you guys that we do n't have any experience and mechanisms for the integration part . 
  it 's not that hard . 
  just put them in some camps until you can find apartments for them , and then put them in those . 
  force them to attend language class some times a week , and that 's it . 
  they 're completely integrated . 
  then they could just work illegally for 5-10 years , after which they 'll be naturalized by law . 
  about as much cash as they 'd get here in sweden then . 
  though apparently all the temporary housings are pretty full , and soon people will have to start sleeping in tents . 
  i wonder how they 'll take to that . 
  silly finland , messing up africa and the middle east with your global imperialism . 
  is n't it bismallah , as they sing in bohemian rhapsody ? 
   bismallah , we will not let you go !, 
  it 's not greed , it 's a sensibile decision . 
  syria wo n't be back on its feet and stable for many , many years and these people want as good of a future as possible for themselves and their famillies . 
  why settle in a poorer country , when you can go for a richer one ? 
  the babies are just tools . 
  i 've seen ladies handing over a baby to each other for when they were gon na sit on the street . 
  i think it was something like one restaurant in washington and a couple of more here and there over the us which did it , and the media picked up on it because views . 
  a sad day for the estonian space program :( i 'm sad the eestinauts did n't make it . 
   right now i 'm more curious about how the indiegogo greek bailout fund [ 1 ] turns out than anything . 
  it 's so far collected 0.08 % of what it needs ... 
  it wo n't get anywhere close . 
   it 's an interesting sign of solidarity with the greek people , whatever that 's worth . 
  this also tells me to just keep buying cretan olive oil like recently . 
  agriculture stands for 3.5 % of greeces gdp . 
  their current debt is , i think , 160 % of their gdp . 
  even if the agricultural exports of greece tripled , it would n't be nowhere close to solving this . 
  greece has been leaking money for way too long . 
  for one they could have turned in a proper proposal more than a week before the deadline . 
  did you see the previous one ? 
  not even 10 pages long and it contained such details such as `` reorganization of military -  50 million euro '' . 
  the details were non-existant . 
  oh , and it proposed lowering the vat . 
  a group of undergraduates in veterinary studies could have handled it better . 
   they dump their trash everywhere yeah , what 's up with that , it 's the same up here . 
  whether it 's an assigned camping lot , a park or wherever they leave huge piles of mess everywhere around them . 
  because you do n't want to piss off someone who you could exchange favours with in the future . 
  it 's just realpolitik . 
  interesting !, 
  thanks for the link !, 
  [ shh , i 'm gon na let you in on a little secret , but promise not to tell anyone . 
  this actually never stopped !, 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_nuclear_weapons_program ), 
  oh shit that 's excellent , now i 'm going to become a politician just to work for this to happen . 
  not europe , sweden . 
  yeah , and i have plenty of experience of life qualities abroad . 
  swedes suffers of hybris when it comes to how fantastic sweden is , and always hold these studies above all . 
  the studies do n't really show the complete picture when it says that swedes have a nine point whatever level of happiness , or satisfactory treatment . 
  that 's got more to do with the traditional swedish mentality , and about accepting what you get , and being generally egalitarian . 
  it does not relate to that sweden has an ideal political or economical structure . 
  just look at how sheltering 150 000 people is costing over 5 billion euros a year , because the state is renting sheltering services from the public market for * huge * costs , instead of the state itself going in as an employer and making executive decisions on construction projects , tutorship and investments in industries for the creation of simple jobs . 
  instead , they raise taxes and plunder the treasury in order to provide more incitaments to stay on welfare , which is unnecessarily complicated and involves the work of several government agencies and unions , and force people into droning away at the unemployment bureau/arbetsf \u00f6rmedlingen . 
  all the while more and more businesses and industries move abroad , because it becomes too costly to stay in sweden when there 's a free market out there . 
   i do n't like the mp either , but `` simply not voting for a party is n't enough . '', 
  is not something i 'm willing to accept in a democratic nation . 
  votes is how we decide and just because you do n't agree with 7 % of the voters does n't mean the system has to change . 
  there are plenty of democratic methods to govern a state without our current parliamentary system , which has been working awfully bad ever since the sweden democrats became a wildcard to count with . 
  we could try a first-past-the-post method , direct democracy or any of these kinds , and still be democratic : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/types_of_democracy anything but the stagnant cesspool which is the swedish state . 
  highest tax pressure in the world , yet horribly failing school and health care systems .
