  well , you said :  they way you deal with any party you do n't want in a democracy . 
  do n't vote for them . 
  which led to `` well , you 're free to move to a country where parties you do n't like can get outlawed then '' due to me saying :  only 6.89 % voted for mp but they 're still in the government . 
   simply not voting for a party is n't enough . 
  so you tell me who 's moving what . 
  so my choice lies between moving to a dictatorship , or supporting the parliamentary system and political status quo of sweden ... 
  so pretty much just shut up and be happy with how everything already works , am i right ? 
  just tell me the names of these imaginary countries forbidding green party politics are . 
  only 6.89 % voted for mp but they 're still in the government . 
  simply not voting for a party is n't enough . 
  but , we want to alienate milj\u00f6partiet ... 
  so how do we deal with parties we do n't want anymore now again ? 
  ignore them completely until they go away ? 
  but if you build houses , it will lead to noise pollution and ruined horisonts !, 
  not to mention all the cut down forests , which we only have plenty of !, 
  maybe if we wait a couple of years we wo n't need that housing . 
  the ideological form of islam , islamism , is n't universal among muslims though . 
  it 's predominately a sunni thing also , with shia worshipers generally being more secular . 
  being a muslim and secular is more than possible in many countries though . 
  i 've got an ex and several friends who do n't care about religion above celebrating the religious holidays . 
  their parents are liberal or secular muslims , and they themselves qualify as secular muslims . 
  and they 're not criminals nor albanians . 
  so whaddayaknow , it 's possible . 
  no it 's not . 
  i know you 're making deliberately mistaken comparisons , but you do realize that any human with any religion can be secular , right ? 
  it 's not ... 
  well , you 've got : - isis - the talibans - al-qaeda - the salafaists and wahabists in saudi arabia and they 're all a lot less secular than the typical albanian muslim . 
  there 's talk about the sweden democrats raising a declaration of mistrust in the parliament , and several parliamentarians across the chamber has declared support for it . 
  the minister of state would n't have any choice . 
  but would n't converting be cultural appropriation . . ? 
  has n't stopped iceland . 
  we were all sad you did n't join the nordic council < / 3, 
  but you voted to remain english , right ? 
  i agree . 
  so how are things in the unitary semi-presidential constitutional republic of ukraine nowadays ? 
   the problem in sweden is made in part by fucking imbeciles like this making arguments that are based in moral and rhetoric and semantics , instead of honestly assessing a situation and make judgments on fact , statistics and actual events . 
  ooooh yes . 
  the moral factor of `` what 's good and what is n't '' is always present in sweden . 
  i think it 's because the government has always had the goal of pushing the majority of student into studying at university , and way too many people study `` gender science '' and treat the philosophical argument and theories put forth as 100 % fact . 
  i 've been in countless of arguments with feminists dedicated completely to identity politics and intersectional ( oppression ) studies . 
  by problem with it is that i do n't buy many of the assumptions . 
  also because i 'm more ideologically marxist and do n't think that we should be obsessed about separating humans into tiny groups and repeat how different they are from everyone else . 
  anyhow , you ca n't really argue with many of the dedicated gender `` scientists '' , because they themselves do n't see their field as an ideology , but blunt fact . 
  -  i think that it is unacceptable for us women to be recommended to decrease the extent of our space in society and not move completely free . 
  the recommendation should be aimed at the men , who should be told to behave . 
  there 's a lot more rape outdoors during the summer . 
  mostly due to more people being and moving around comfortably outdoors at all times . 
  nevertheless , i 'd rather see nordic vigilante groups than no law enforcement whatsoever in the ~ 50 identified law free areas in this country . 
  he had this quiet but focused , mild asperger vibe about him . 
  whatever opinions he had , he got stuff done and was good at diplomacy within the parliament . 
  yeah , svd might be a little bit center right by swedish standards , but they 're still far from being actually conservative , or a real ideological alternative to , say , dn . 
   the swedes are mentally handicapped and are indoctrinated to believe that politicians can create and guarantee welfare . 
  our last prime minister , folks . 
  the very same `` open your hearts '' guy . 
  and denmark , the hungover apathetic grumpy old man of scandinavia . 
  it 's no secret that the last prime minister despised the swedes . 
  he even wrote a book about it during the 90 : s , where he discussed how stupid swedes are . 
  most happened during this autumn , even if the nationalist party had grown to around 10-15 % of the voters beforehand ( though i think that 's mostly with them being the only anti-establishment party in the parliament ) . 
  then this autumn there came all the news with crime related to migrants and how it 's gon na cost a fuckload of money . 
  in particular it has been all the news about young boys getting raped by migrants , and other sexual crimes . 
  if there 's anything that gets swedes angry its rape and similar crimes . 
  well , it 's no secret that there has been very few swedish media outlets , and still no major ones , which are n't center left liberal . 
  the way things are heading , very many politicians and political agency positions will be replaced with sweden democrats in three years . 
  some studies put them as the largest party with 28 % , up from 4 % eight years ago or 8 % over last mandate period . 
  `` unethical and they do n't work anyhow '', 
  literally what 's been said about people !, 
  ca n't remember if it was a local or national politician , but she said that many of these kids look so much older because they do n't have access to moisturising soaps . 
  yeah , it became news a week ago . 
  been in action for months at least anyhow . 
  yeah , and it gets better : the current chief of police is the former chief of migration , and he ( dan eliasson ) , introduced `` code 291 '' , which forbids the police from reporting on crime involving migrants , so that it does n't appear in any crime statistics o_o the reasoning is that since the police spends so much of their time dealing with criminal migrants , the swedish population might turn hostile towards this whole migration business if people found out how much crime that 's actually erupted over the last half a year . 
  and that would benefit the anti-immigrant sweden democrats . 
  people under 18 can only be arrested and detained if there are `` significant reasons '' for doing so , which is usually crimes which give over 1 year sentence and the offender is at risk at repeating his crimes while free . 
  but as we saw this summer , even if you restate your age three times and change it last minute , you 'll still be freed from violent gang rapes during the trial , if you say you 're 14 and the prosecutor can not find a passport which says you are n't . 
  the criminal in question had his age changed by a decade or so at first , since he 'd previously simply been confused about his age . 
  [ his friends were n't as lucky though , since interpol had them registered as old as 33 years , so they were sentenced to half a year each in youth correctional centers for `` rough rape '' ( since they might still be under 18 , as they claimed ) . 
  afaik he was ordered to be arrested again after that became known . 
  problem is that they usually claim to be under 15 and it 's the prosecutor who has to prove that they 're actually older . 
  since they 're `` under 15 '' , it only leads to the social services being involved since young children ca n't be jailed . 
  and they have unfortunately been so swamped lately by processing the newer migrants that the ones sent for youth care are let out immediately . 
  also , it 's not permitted to do medical tests to check age , so word of mouth has to be accepted unless interpol finds them registered in some country which did real age tests . 
  cute . 
  in sweden it 's expected to reach ~ 10 billion euro in 2016 , or around 10 % of the national yearly budget . 
  because the way international law works , it 's better to ignore migrants claiming refuge if their intent is to go to another country . 
  otherwise france would be obligated to take them in . 
  yes , and it helps foster citizen camaraderie . 
  google translate : https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.express.de%2fkoeln%2fkoelner-hbf-sexuelle-uebergriffe--ausgangspunkt-war-eine-gruppe-von-1000-maennern--23253360%3foriginalreferrer%3d%26originalreferrer%3d&amp;edit-text=&amp;act=url, 
   we can not accept a situation where people may refuse treatment by doctors , just because they may happen to be female . 
  such behavior is misogynistic , it discriminates against half of humanity . 
  ( for example , ) where are the feminists now , who have struggled for so many years against such behavior ? 
  ha , the spirit of this article but especially this quote is often repeated here in sweden . 
  it is unfair to think of `` the feminists '' as some sort of organized institution , but there has been no lacking of feminist writers in debates over the last decade . 
  even though , there has been no `` feminist commentary '' at all on how to handle misogyny among the immigrants in the suburbs . 
  the target of feminist criticism is still as always only white men . 
  sweden announced that it wo n't be sweden anymore today though . 
  1st of april is the deadline for these proposals . 
  they may come earlier . 
  yeah , that 's the way immigration criticism has been handled for a decade . 
  it 's simply pure evil that does n't need to be addressed , but just ignored . 
  our unemployment is n't going down ? 
  for certain groups in society , yes .
