  all it would take is a trio of swedish [ visby class stealth corvettes ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dos3b7iiyg4 ) and the russkies will be at the [ bottom of the sea ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bddyrg-mreo ) . 
  the swedish naval tactic of stealthed hit-and-run attacks have shown to be very succesful , even against us warships as large as aircraft carriers in wargames . 
   not culturally european ataturk would like to have a word with you . 
  so true . 
  if you 're completely colour blind there are a lot of warning signs and labels you 'll miss . 
  not to mention traffic lights . 
  more or less . 
  personally , i think it depends a lot on that most radical leftists who participate in violent acts are relatively young , middle-class and sort of afraid ( which is good ! ), 
  to actually kill someone else . 
  the will and rhetoric to kill radical righters is there , but just not the willpower . 
  on the other end , most radical rightists are a bit older , and were raised in tougher environments ( not enough love from mama and papa and too many beatings from older kids ) and instead of criminality , found their way into the radical right due to a longing for `` hard '' authority and a sense of power . 
  this leads to a lot more brutality and openness to actually kill someone else . 
  it 's because most people are n't interested enough by politics to dig into the real questions and stances that different parties exhibit . 
  it 's so much easier to `` be a leftist '' and `` oppose rightist politics '' , rather than have a personal opinion on taxes effect on job creation and what proportions of tax spending and taxation makes sense . 
  the only people considering the second world war to have been glorious are the very young and the political radicals , the idealists who just see the clash of ideology , and the human sacrifices . 
  most people just see it as a big bloody mess which happened due to nationalism , fascism and a refusal to compromise politically . 
  he was implying that the us is rife with imperialism . 
  the eestis bud with the finns and swedes , the lithuanians hang with poland , and latvia just sort of hang out by themselves . 
  yeah , technically you 're right , but unfortunately criminality 's as common among gypsies as hot dogs are common in new york . 
  i think they all silently acknowledged that it was russia running the show behind those `` pro-russian dissidents '' . 
  if the militias dissolve suddenly over night , it will just prove that , for as you say , would independent armed groups just accept what everyone but them have agreed upon behind closed doors ? 
  perhaps the orthodox churches have n't been as vocally anti-abortion as the catholic church . 
  of course most europeans want to support ukraine as much as possible , but if ukraine and russia starts fighting , what could europe do ? 
  if countries of the eu are dragged into a war with russia , the us will be dragged into it too . 
  then we 'll face the biggest war since the second world war , and literally a `` hot '' cold war . 
  and that 's something that nobody wants . 
  what will happen in the rest of the world then , when they are faced with the west fighting the east ? 
  it would be the ideal opportunity for leaders everywhere to declare war on their neighbors , if they 've ever had plans to do so . 
  north korea and south korea ? 
  india and pakistan ? 
  israel and its neighbors ? 
  the us and europe will be tied up with russia ... 
  it 's an extremely precarious situation , that 's what it is . 
  so i heard that ukraine 's nowadays ruled by an offspring of satan , and that they serve ethnically-pure roasted russian babies in kiev nowadays ? 
  absolutely not !, 
  back in the 50s and 60s , yeah , maybe . 
  then it was the subcultural `` gangster '' culture , which attracted the kind of people that might want to go around and beat on random people . 
  today , it 's just a culture surrounded around drinking beer , listening to elvis and doing ( illegal ) drag races in tuned cars in rural areas . 
  they 're pretty harmless , but if you start provoking some raggare you 're definitely in for a treat !, 
  back when every single western country had censorship boards which cut scenes from movies ( i think it disappeared after the 70s ) , it was very common for american censors to cut scenes of nudity from the movies , while keeping the violent ones . 
  in sweden , the naked and sexy scenes were kept and the violent ones were cut out . 
  oh , and sweden also had a pretty big porn industry ( ever seen taxi driver ? ) . 
  as my american-in-europe high school history teacher described it , it was like watching different movies when you were traveling between the us and sweden . 
  both were rated for teens , yet one contained seemingly a brutal amount of violence , and the other one a sweaty amount of sexiness . 
  ergo , sweden loves nudity . 
  that episode aired in [ 1998 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/simpson_tide ) . 
  putin did n't take to office until later that year . 
  obviously , he is not an original man . 
  depends on the security level of the prison . 
  if you 're in for some minor tax fraud , you 're going to be treated a helluva different compared to if you were a murder rapist . 
  i 'd say that being a real mean and unpredictable drunk is more of the reason . 
  the odourous one is unfortunately you brits , spewing all that acidic rain down on our precious taiga !, 
  we do n't mind though , you 're fun to drink with and respect the queues . 
  [ well , they 've also accused sweden of entering an alliance with lithuania and poland to avenge our defeat at poltava in 1709 . 
  well , there would n't have been a eu without hitler , so , err ... hail the psychopathic megalomaniacs and their work towards peace !, 
  perhaps this could be a new thing of the european green left ? 
  two doses of environmentalism , one of feminism , and another of `` death to russia '' ? 
  i did n't mean that from an ethnic point of view , simply from a geopolitical one . 
  russia controls way too much territory to be a reliable partner in the modern , globalized world !, 
  compromising is the core of democracy , and the future . 
  being too big and having too many cards on your hand counters everyone being satisfied . 
  a russia partitioned into four or five states of equal size , and none keeping the name `` russia '' would be so ideal . 
  russia 's only contribution to history is promoting authoritarian cronyism . 
  not many new agers . 
  it 's just a feeling that there is some sort of ethereal intelligence which can be blamed for the creation of the universe and everything else . 
  people like jesus , mohammed and abraham were only tripping by fasting on top of mountains though ; nobody believes in divine intervention . 
  the belief in these sort of things are also very appealing when living in creaky , wooden houses surrounded by dark forests . 
  you 'll be hearing and seeing weird noises and shadows all the time . 
  the mind easily explains this with supernatural figures running around . 
  i 've always found the traditional folk beliefs much more charming than the abrahamic ones . 
  nothing 's `` good '' or `` evil '' , and those spirits may either help you or break you depending on how you treat them . 
  seems a lot more sensible . 
  would n't be surprised if 99 % of the turks identified with having an islamic cultural heritage , whether they are atheists , secular or religious . 
  most people i 've met from the middle east have expressed themselves as `` i am a muslim , but i do n't believe or practice it . '', 
  it 's got plenty of oil , has n't it ? 
  that 's sufficient motivation to find some claims to it !, 
  there would definitely erupt issues on what would happen to the crimea peninsula then . 
  nah , the norse 's unique class is nowadays the indie hipster ( twice as likely to succeed perception checks if glasses are equipped + ignores effects of item decay ) . 
  sucks , i know . 
  `` berserker '' would make more sense . 
  [ this swedish donation ] ( http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;js=n&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.tobiasregistret.se%2fhur-fungerar-det%2fstamcellsdonation%2f ) site describes the two different ways of extracting stem cells pretty well :  there are two ways to donate blood stem cells . 
  most often , a transducer can be involved in selecting ways but sometimes chooses the physician as deemed best for that patient . 
   one takes place in the operating theater where the donor is sedated or have had an epidural . 
  the stem cells are taken out , with the help of syringes from the posterior h\u00f6ftbenskammarna [ thigh bone chamber ? ] . 
  in order to replace the loss of blood has sensor timely received donate blood , if necessary , given back at the time of donation . 
  the procedure takes about two hours to get the sufficient amount of cells need to knit several times . 
  this allows the sensor will probably be sore in the lower back . 
  symptoms may sit in one week and the dealer can also get tired . 
   the second way is done on a blood agency at a university hospital . 
  donors may take an endogenous hormone using syringes four or five days in a row before the donation . 
  the hormone can cause body aches , much like if you have the flu or growing pains . 
  day five , and in some cases day six , the transducer goes to the hospital . 
  through a needle in one arm led the blood out of a machine . 
  the machine takes care of the white blood cells , including stem cells , while the red blood cells is returned to the donor through the other arm . 
  the whole process takes about four hours . 
  in order to obtain enough cells sometimes have to do this two days in a row . 
  both days you can go straight home . 
  if you live far from the hospital , you may need to spend a night in a hotel . 
  tobias registry account for expenses and loss of earnings related to the donation . 
  it 's funny how something which is as common in our lives as `` the food '' sounds so different in almost every language .
