you 're missing the point , but ok , i 'll leave you be . 
  you do n't talk about the system . 
  it 's pretty much common knowledge that immigrants on average have less education and are more likely to be unemployed . 
  source : anywhere you want to read up on it . 
  how is your one example showing anything with regards to the comment you are quoting ? 
  with all the criticism of germany for their `` open arms politics '' towards refugees , which i think is overwhelmingly ignorant and wrong , this is what really pisses me off . 
  the west selling weapons and then being surprised that those weapons cause conflicts and catastophies . 
  i agree . 
  it all comes down to money and shortsightedness . 
  it was n't a `` bad joke '' it was no joke at all . 
  and i agree with you . 
  if it was up to me , germany would n't produce one single peace of weaponry ever . 
  there is still a little `` mental wall '' in germany . 
  it 's more west than east in my book , though . 
  i consider it eastern europe . 
  maybe not in the strictly geographical sense , but in the political sense . 
  with that post you do n't get to decide whether or not another post was dumb . 
  i think that depends on the situation in their home country . 
  after 3 years without change they can stay permanently afaik . 
  your fetish is being forced to masturbate to those pictures ? 
  it 's more than that . 
  germany has not only caused many refugees in the past , but also been in the same position several times in the last century . 
  so there is a sense of a special responsibility . 
  and people understand that greece and the other border states have been overrun and left alone long enough now . 
  so all the merkel hate from the v4 seems silly from germany 's point of view . 
  it may not have been communicated perfectly , but the general attitude of merkel in this situation is shared by most germans . 
  haha , yeah , we do n't want any `` misunderstandings '' now , do we ? 
  jfc . 
  lisa : dad , you ca n't judge a place you 've never been to . 
  bart : yeah , that 's what people do in russia . 
  this may be incredibly backwards , but female on male rape seems weird to me . 
  in the wikipedia article they present a case `` a similar case includes james landrith , who was made to penetrate a female acquaintance in a hotel room while incapacitated from drinking , while his rapist cited the fact that she was pregnant to advise him not to struggle , as this might hurt the baby '' yeah , i guess that is possible , but how is that an issue compared to the other way round ? 
  you do n't become the most powerful woman on the planet without knowing how to win . 
  she hast lost a few points for her actions over the last few weeks but overall she is still very popular in germany . 
  i agree , i do not understand that , at all . 
  same with help for turkey , lebanon and jordan . 
  politicians are so incredibly shortsighted . 
  i 'm not sure that is in accordance with german laws . 
  it would be fun to see what happens , though . 
  so should she say `` fellow germans , we ca n't handle the refugees coming into our country , k , thx , bye . '', 
  she gets slapped a lot by her own sister party . 
  usually she wins those power fights , though . 
  i think the idea was to have strong outer borders . 
  did n't really work apparently . 
  i do n't think you get all that much more in germany . 
  nobody invited 800.000 . 
  this is the number of refugees expected to get to gemany in 2015 and has been flying around since the beginning of the year . 
  the `` wir schaffen das '' is directed at the german population as a signal not to get worried about it . 
  this is not a pick-and-chose your numbers and quotes game . 
  that was n't the point . 
  dude above claimed merkel `` invited all refugees '' which is not correct . 
  can you back this up with actual quotes from her ? 
  nope . 
  i did n't say it 's not real , i said it 's wrong . 
   whenever a country somewhere goes to war , we ship basically their entire civilian population to europe made me chuckle, 
  well , in the end it 's politics , not kindergarden . 
  so you do n't know what happened , but you call it blackmailing , interesting . 
  what do you mean blackmailed ? 
  the czechs even got a special deal . 
  nah , in the end the kumbaya politicians always win . 
  like it was n't a eu problem to begin with . 
  if you take all our muslims . 
  i do n't think anyone expects the us to take that many . 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  we have let too many countries into the cool club already . 
  the poles have the ukrainians , the germans have the turks and the french have the maghrebs . 
  everybody is full to the brim , always . 
  except when more people come . 
  funny how that works . 
  what specific `` policies regarding the situation '' are you referring to ? 
  i do n't think the asylum rules are all that different in germany than in other eu states . 
  i understand that the violence in mexico is high , but are there statistics that show that mexicans in the us are much more violent ? 
  who do you mean by `` central americans '' ? 
  i was not aware that mexicans are so violent generally . 
  you might want to read some articles about the refugee crisis a couple of days before merkel made that statement . 
  i think you did not understand what i meant , so i guess i need to clarify . 
  what merkel did was react to the inhuman conditions in hungary . 
  things could n't go on like that , so she temporarily disregarded the dublin3 rules ( afaik this is the right of every non-border-country ) and let these people go directly to germany . 
  and yes , she welcomed them , and germany mostly welcomed them . 
  this was never intended to be a longterm solution to anything . 
  i agree , but we also need to realize that this ca n't go on for years . 
  i understand that americans are not happy about illegal mexicans in the states . 
  but let 's be real , they mostly want to work and have a good life . 
  what we see in europe now , is somewhat different . 
  well , as soon as germany starts showing some leadership , the whole world is crying nazi . 
  but if germany keeps quiet , the whole world is shouting , too . 
  it 's mostly because the perception that merkel basically invited the whole world to come to germany is wrong . 
  i get it , germany is an easy target for criticism , but let 's not kid ourselves , the whole mess started way before germany got a bit more involved . 
   merkel has prevented an absolute catastrophe ftfy, 
  just leave out the `` already '' . 
  it does n't translate . 
  or rephrase along the lines of `` if you want to sound smart and use german , make sure to use the correct term ... '' but senseiswag was right , why bother . 
  does turkey already feel the relief of having less refugees or does this not really impact the camps in turkey ? 
  pwned . 
  threre are lebanese groups that act like they do n't have to follow the law . 
  thank god everything is great in sweden , more immigrants can only be a blessing : http://swedenreport.org/2015/06/02/goodbye-sweden/, 
  i think there is a difference between the current flood and a constant stream of refugees . 
  germany could take many more , but not at this rate . 
  for a few days ok , but for weeks ? 
  no , thanks .
