  did you see the videos from hungary ? 
  did you see the same kind happening in austria and germany ? 
  i understand that refugees in a rotten camp in turkey would want to interpret her words that way , but i would expect a little more from people who have good access to information and are not living in a shithole . 
  you points are all valid , but you 're forgetting one important point : it 's all germany 's fault . 
  her statement probably had some influence , but blaming the whole crisis on merkel , as lots of people here have been implying , is ludicrous . 
   we should n't ban marine le pen from speaking because muslims could get offended by it but because we just do n't want to give her a platform to spew her bullshit . 
  i feel you should be careful with your wording . 
  banning something is not the same as not giving it a platform . 
  funny how it always ends up with the common people disliking other countries instead of realizing that all of us are being shit on at the same time and the real winners sit in the dark and enjoy the show . 
  there is no denying that this will have some positive aspects . 
  i personally think the bad outweighs the good ( but morally the right thing to do ) . 
  the majority seems to see more good than bad , but the majority is stupid , and this can change fast anyway . 
  there is still a difference between seeing something that is happening as positive and actually positively wanting it . 
  i 'm sure 99.99 % of germans would prefer not to have 1 million unfiltered refugees coming to germany this year . 
  you got that totally wrong in your head . 
  germany does not `` want '' them . 
  taking them in is what germany considers the humane thing to do . 
  ok , all good . 
  dude 's got some moves, 
  i basically conceded that , so there 's that ... 
  the idea that you can generalize about a whole country is ludicrous to begin with hence the wink smiley . 
  i care about the planet , and i am not happy with german auto makers cheating on their emissions . 
  since i have n't owned a car in 20 years , i do n't have a bad conscience about this , though , so maybe everyone can start looking in the mirror instead of pointing the finger at other countries . 
  i would n't be scared about russia if they did n't have a warhungry dictator as their leader . 
  * france for some reason did n't like us all that much for a long time * puzzling that is, 
  good thing you guys do n't give a crap about the planet , 
  we should invade you for this insult :p, 
  i know some swiss people . 
  as i said , polite on the outside , but my bullshit-o-meter tells me another story . 
  as you said , there is some negative sentiment , everybody knows that and it surfaces in the media at every other opportunity . 
  of course there are many perfectly nice , decent swiss people as well , i 'm not denying that . 
  i doubt there are many countries that allow hate speech . 
  just ignore him , his `` opinion '' is not shared by many . 
  why would we attack finland ? 
  it 's too cold and dark , ask any refugee . 
  i live in the south and i agree . 
  i do n't like the swiss too much . 
  they are really polite on the outside but i do n't buy it . 
  i prefer the open love/hate with the netherlands or austria . 
  germans are pretty hopeless when it comes to war these days . 
  if you want some mines removed in the baltic we might be able to help . 
  i disagree with basically everything you wrote , but just want to make one point clear again : my point was that john should say what he wants , no matter if people agree with him or not or has a solution to everything he makes fun of . 
  i agree mostly , but your point 11 is ... not good . 
  i think john was a bit too much on the kumbaya side , but there is no reason why he ca n't voice his opinion , stake or not . 
  also , he is comedian foremost , so let 's give him some slack . 
  this is the way they though it would be funny , and frankly , it was . 
  it 's better to have a somewhat stable population , so you have a healthy part of the population working and a smaller part of the population not working . 
  having said that , i do n't buy the argument that economically germany profits from the one million immigrants expected this year . 
  you obviously do n't know the first thing about me , but hey , feel free to mock me for what you think is my opinion . 
  i 'm used to being downvoted for not going with the masses on immigration , but making me responsible for everything that comes out of germany is absurd , even for this sub . 
  i see what you did there . 
  dude , you are expecting a bit of common sense from someone who has nothing but hate in him . 
  how is life seeing things in such a simple and unreflective manner ? 
  oh we know how this is gon na go and how it 's gon na end . 
  we 've had several cases like this in the past . 
  no , there are a homeless people in germany . 
  i 'm saying in germany you do not have to starve or be homeless . 
  there are social services that can help you . 
  some people may not know that they can get help , do n't want to get help or ignore it for whatever reason , might be embarassed or have drug issues . 
  so yes , there are homeless people , but there are usually more issues at play than just financial trouble . 
   so , i was really just making a stupid joke combining a somewhat arbitrary measure of `` poor '' with the current migrant situation . 
  easy fix : let in a million migrants a year . 
  this will lower the average income thus making the kids relatively richer . 
  edit for clarification : in germany you are `` poor '' if you get less than 60 % of the median income . 
  `` real '' poverty , like starving people is more or less unheard of in germany . 
  please correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  so , i was really just making a stupid joke combining a somewhat arbitrary measure of `` poor '' with the current migrant situation . 
  islam is not a race damnit !, 
  we have n't even talked about this because you people refuse to acknowledge my earlier points . 
  if he is saying that he does not know what 's going on in these families . 
  you should read and watch what people have to say who left these communites/families . 
  you are surely humorless . 
  yes, 
  are suggesting that no woman in germany has ever been forced to wear this because their families know they could call the police ? 
  or are you suggesting it is their own fault for not calling the police ? 
  i really do n't get it . 
  your point that oppression is illegal in germany did not address my point . 
  i know it is illegal . 
  it it was n't we would have to have a totally different conversation . 
  i already conceded that the ban reduces freedom , but it does get rid of the practice of forcing women to wear this in public . 
  no more , no less . 
  if you do not agree with this , please explain . 
  some cleavage would be better . 
  some people are so far out of reality , it hurts . 
  this not a counter to my point one bit . 
  tell that to the women who are forced to wear them . 
  there is an obvious tradeoff between freedom and oppression here . 
  oppression must not win , ever . 
  therefore , freedom has to lose in this case . 
  partial ban is not enough . 
  eu is still numba one with or without the uk . 
  the way that people try to re-interpret the numbers shows that this actually stings . 
  which is silly , to be honest . 
  at least there would n't be this mess with 3rd places . 
  i think i 'd prefer that . 
  they 're all shitty , but islam is the biggest problem today . 
  what 's the most important `` special right '' for you ? 
  that is a daring interpretation , but i 'll allow it . 
  i want the uk in , but i do n't like the special treatment they get . 
  either the uk is a normal member or they should not be a member at all , in my opinion .
