  nobody is forced to enter , or to stay . 
  who says that those factors are not being considered ? 
  the quote was `` europe is a community of values based on human sympathy and solidarity . 
  and those that do n't share our values ca n't count on our money over time '' - the quote was not `` poland needs to take in 500.000 refugees from the ukraine and 100.000 syrians or else ... '', 
  germany is very much split on this . 
  many people would rather close off all of europe than taking in refugees . 
  others welcome refugees in the spirit of helping fellow human beings in a difficult situation . 
  and then there is a lot of in between . 
  what most people probably agree on is that the burden has to be shared fairly by all of europe , since this is objectively a european problem , not the problem of one single country like germany , sweden , hungary or greece . 
  yeah , i think all they know is `` germany and sweden are good '' . 
  they could be going through heaven on earth without even realizing it . 
  i am not here to defend german politics in its entirety . 
  i do n't think quotas would work , but i think letting the syrians in after what was happening in hungary was the right decision . 
  if you disagree with that then we just have a fundamental difference about what we want europe to be . 
  i did n't make any point about what happened afterwards . 
  source ? 
  i agree that accepting unlimited numbers of refugees would be insane . 
  sigmar gabriel says the exact same thing . 
  it 's just a crazy situation . 
  what people seem to be forgetting is that the initial message was that temporarily the dublin3 regulations will be ignored by germany `` as an act of european solidarity '' . 
  `` we can not let the border states alone with the stream of refugees '' . 
  somehow this was changed to `` everyone is welcome in germany '' which was never the intention . 
  so , i agree that mistakes were made , but it does n't change the fundamental problem of how to deal with the refugees . 
  i do n't see how we can be happy with the way that refugees were treated in those hungarian camps . 
  if that 's the europe that everybody wants , fine . 
  i do n't want that . 
  the refugee crisis is not a german crisis it 's a european one . 
  if we ca n't handle this together , then we might as well go back to what we had before . 
  i do n't care what your flag is . 
  your argument was flawed and i pointed that out . 
  your point will lead nowhere , not here , not in reality . 
  if it makes you sleep better , feel free . 
  how can you have an economic union when you have rich countries and poor countries ? 
  free trade , ok , but a union ? 
  i do n't see how that can work . 
  that does n't make any sense ... 
  well , the german reich does not exist anymore either . 
  i used the one example against the statement `` all '' . 
  did you mean `` selfishness '' ? 
  huh ? 
  it does n't and no thanks . 
  why ? 
  i do n't see any bragging there . 
  i think your hateful mind is playing tricks on you . 
  you said `` every single refugee '' and i showed an example to the contrary . 
  let 's wait until eastern europeans become refugees and talk again . 
  so , if you threaten to kill someone and i agree to take him in to save him , he is my problem , i get it . 
  and it 's my own fault too , totally . 
  especially the refugee that did an ama the other day , huh ? 
  i think europe is just not homogenous enough . 
  maybe one day in the future , who knows . 
  that quote supports none of the points above . 
  `` refuges have more rights then eastern europeans in germany '' total bs, 
  there were huge problems with german refugees coming to germany after ww2 and a lot of problems after the german reunification . 
  there is certainly an added factor ( nationality , religion ) but millions of refugees are no walk in the park even if they are similar to the receiving country . 
  i 'm not sure if they can cut off one single euro , to be honest . 
  i think it 's more of a cry for solidarity than an actual plan . 
  germany did not call them . 
  they were being mistreated on their way into the eu and we let them in to avoid more suffering . 
  it 's not blackmailing . 
  europe is based on a set of core values . 
  if countries only take money from the eu without living the values in a situation of need , there is no substance in the union and might as well be broken up . 
  so what 's keeping you from taking refugees ? 
  at least the refugees wo n't be our problem in the future then . 
  lol, 
  nobody here was bragging about the capacity . 
  you oversimplified , misinterpreted or misunderstood what happened . 
  as an american i would be a bit more hesitant to blame other countries for things that have a lot to do with their own country . 
  are you sure they are not just passing through ? 
  i agree it 's a disgrace that not more money is being sent to countries that have so many refugees . 
  the eu is `` founded on the values of respect for human dignity , freedom , democracy , equality , the rule of law and respect for human rights , including the rights of persons belonging to minorities . '', 
  i guess the fuck up was creating it in the fist place when nobody gives a shit about its core values . 
  yeah , i guess we should have kept all the refugees in hungary , they seemed to be doing just fine there . 
  simplify much ? 
  wow , one refugee said that . 
  seems like a big enough sample size to me . 
  not before the romans pay us 500 trillion for what they did to us . 
  because they are n't as equipped they would be expected to take fewer refugees . 
  seems fair to me . 
  funny you should mention australia . 
  i heard that a lot of refugees said `` we do n't want to live in australia '' when they came to vienna and moved on to germany . 
  which is not only funny , but weird . 
  australia is a great country to live in . 
  sounds like heaven to me . 
  i live in germany . 
  it 's great and all , but i 'd prefer this . 
  there are other big events coming up . 
  this needs to be implemented right away . 
  eta : this is only a short term solution . 
  the whole immigration/asylum policy needs to be re-evaluated , fast . 
  ftfy : `` in my mind : major german butthurt '', 
  maybe they are still in shock that the `` entire planet '' consists of morons . 
  either you are joking or you have been blind the last few months . 
  in either case , i will not discuss this any further . 
  the alternative would have been to keep watching the situation in hungary get more and more out of control . 
  i think it was also the week when 70 refugees were found dead in a truck in austria . 
  something needed to be done . 
  was the communication perfect ? 
  was it the right move ? 
  yes .
