  well , it is relevant insofar as the first action `` taking in refugees '' made the second action `` set house on fire '' possible . 
  possible , mind you , not justified . 
  i do n't think the `` burning down houses '' group will get much of a re-banding . 
  let 's just wait a few weeks of more of this ( refugees ) and see how the popular opinion is , then . 
  obviously burning down houses , empty or not , is criminal and not justified . 
  however , i do see this as a sign of more things to come and the `` willkommenskultur '' will be tough to keep up with ever more people coming in . 
  the general anti-hungarian context was created by those images and the statements by viktor orban and his government . 
  people would surely be more willing to accept this as clumsiness if the hungarian government did not say the things they say . 
  i just watched the anne will show . 
  i agree it was rather critical of the hungarian government , but especially harsh by the luxemburg foreign minister , not the germans . 
  there were quite a few conciliatory tones in the germans ' statements , especially the german interior minister . 
  well , as i said , i do n't have the same perception of hungary being portrayed as the bad guy for everything . 
  i do n't even favour the quota , do n't make me responsible for everything that comes out of germany [ edited to add : the quota is now favoured by many germans , but if i remember correctly the proposal came from the eu ] . 
  if every country carries their part of the burden i think that will solve quite a bit . 
  how will not helping solve anything ? 
  i think in essence the options are fairly simple . 
  we can either close europe off completely and say goodbye to our values or we keep europe open in a way that does n't screw one or two countries and let the others untouched . 
  i agree , like i said , the whole world is to blame . 
  i was talking about the mistreatment of refugees . 
  i do n't watch those shows on a regular basis . 
  i 'm gon na try to be a bit more alert about that if i do watch that . 
  i watched maibrit illner the other day and do n't remember much anti hungarianism , it wasnt much of a topic if i recall correctly . 
  what 's your second point ? 
  others are bad , so it 's ok if we are bad ? 
  well , you are the one that wanted merkel to explain herself or step down , because she allegedly flip flopped . 
  i do n't see germany as a victim here . 
  victims are the people in syria . 
  my point is that this is not the problem of certain countries , but a problem of the european union and needs to be solved by the union . 
  if the union ca n't handle it , borders will be closed one by one , just the way it is happening . 
  and if that is the way things are going we should be honest enough to say that the core values of the european union do not exist anymore . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/12/world/europe/images-of-mistreatment-of-migrants-in-hungary-prompt-investigations.html there is actually a lot of support and empathy in germany for the way hungary and other border states have acted ( not the mistreating in particular ) . 
  it seems like you only see what you want to see . 
  yeah , the reality is it 's all germany 's fault , i understand that now . 
  how cold i be so blind all this time ? 
  the poliecmen were talking about passports and visas and the one policewoman said `` you are not allowed to come to austria '' . 
  did n't seem like a simple passport check to me . 
  exactly . 
  what were those 4 policemen going to do ? 
  they seemed to get it controlled later , though . 
  i see that you just want to perpetuate your `` gemany is to blame '' opinion . 
  good luck with that . 
  if you know about german politics , you also know that merkel did not `` just change her mind '' . 
  you probably heard her saying `` if we have to apologize for showing a friendly face in a human crisis situation this is not my country '' . 
  her fundamental understanding of europe and its values is unchanged . 
  when you say `` you can not nope out anymore '' it sounds like you want to make this a german problem . 
  but it really is a european problem . 
  germany did not cause this . 
  if you want to blame germany or merkel for this clusterfuck , go right ahead . 
  you use the word `` reality '' . 
  the reality is that the floods of people were well underway before she made that statement . 
  and the causes of the floods recently is not in germany , but in the worsening situation in the camps of syria 's neighbouring countries , because the world ( and this includes germany ) is unwilling to pay enough money to sustain the camps in a humane way . 
  frankly , i do n't have a solution . 
  but if your solution is to close your borders and point your finger to germany i do n't see how that helps . 
  that 's what i do n't get . 
  cutting funding down there and then being surprised that people come here . 
  how stupid can you be ? 
  i bet a lot of people down there are laughing their asses off at europe right now . 
  that 's what really makes me mad . 
  instead of blaming each other for everything we should start growing some european balls and tell it like it is . 
  the initial euphoria was real ( it 's dwindling fast ) . 
  `` we '' saw the images of hungary and people said it 's a good thing to let them into germany and end this chaos . 
  i do n't think many people thought this was a long term solution to anything , it was the right thing to do in a time of extreme crisis . 
  the messages that were sent out , well meaning as they were , have been misunderstood . 
  maybe they were not clear , maybe people wanted to misinterpret . 
  there was harsh criticism of merkel from the start , especially from her own sister party . 
  it 's just so easy to blame germany . 
  thank god this forum is not representative for all of europe , otherwise we 'd be doomed . 
  you do understand that the flood of refugees started before merkel did what she did , right ? 
  the damage was done by creating the mess in the middle east . 
  then it was done by europe by not creating a fair system how to handle refugees . 
  then it was done by hungary by mistreating the refugees . 
  then germany helped by opening up its borders temporarily . 
  in short , you are wrong . 
  you probably do n't understand what 's going on in german politics . 
  from the outside it may seem like flipflop . 
  the thing is , merkel 's sister party in bavaria ( csu ) immediately criticized her for her handling of the situation in hungary . 
  now even some her own party members think it was a mistake . 
  all the heads of the bundesl\u00e4nder and mayors of the big cities are now complaining that capacities are full and the initial euphoria is dwindling . 
  this is an opportunity to weaken her and politicians are like sharks and jump right onto it . 
  the `` wir schaffen das '' mantra is still being shoved down our throats . 
  personally , i agree that we could take many more refugees , but the majority does not want that , so getting back to border controls is one way to make people feel somewhat safe again . 
  there is still no limit to the number of refugees we take in our legal system and i do n't think there ever will be . 
  i never bought this idea that we need more young people , it just does n't make sense to me , especially not this way . 
  more and more information comes out about the fact that many of them ca n't even read and write . 
  i do n't think these people will be a net benefit in the long run . 
  i will favour that if hungary apologizes for the way they treated the refugees . 
  i agree this is a problem , but why do `` we '' cut funding to the world food program ? 
  if the world does not sufficiently help the countries that have the biggest burdens in all of this , it is no wonder things get out of hand http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/sep/05/lack-of-funds-world-food-programme-drops-aid-to-one-third-of-syrian-refugees, 
  i do n't think denmark is still 5th . 
  these are 2014 data . 
  either way , i do n't think denmark is really the problem , only the idiots who scream `` fuck you germany '' because of some warped perceived notion that germany wants to take over europe . 
  i 'm not sure about the 4th highest . 
  hard to come by current numbers . 
  it does n't look like denmark has been particularly welcoming to refugees as of late , but it seems that the country is coming around . 
  `` but dramatic images of europe 's refugee crisis have helped sway public opinion and a monday survey by pollster voxmeter showed that 78 percent of danes wanted the country to be part of the eu 's plan to distribute refugees around the continent . '', 
  source : http://news.yahoo.com/denmark-1-000-refugees-voluntary-basis-094151960.html added for clarity : i am not in favour or quotas . 
  i wish there was some kind of union of states that would handle this for all of us . 
  go crawl back under your rock . 
  1 ) poland had 350.000 ukrainian immigrants in 2011 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poland 2 ) according to the center for european studies , a warsaw think tank , ukrainians in poland now number 400,000 http://america.aljazeera.com/articles/2015/8/23/poland-integrates-invisible-refugees-east-ukraine.html 3 ) in 2015 , until june , poland had 4.130 asylum seekers , germany had 171.785 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_migrant_crisis 4 ) current info on quotas : http://www.europarl.europa.eu/news/en/news-room/content/20150915ipr93259/html/meps-give-go-ahead-to-relocate-an-additional-120000-asylum-seekers-in-the-eu, 
  if they do n't like the core values , they should not have joined .
