  j'entends bien . 
  en mp ? 
  pas de restriction de libert\u00e9s , de guerre . 
  source ? 
  team fortress 2 , old but gold . 
  fais y attention . 
  la chine n ' a pas du tout de soft power compar\u00e9 aux puissances occidentales . 
   general georg von k\u00fcchler , commander of the xviiith army of the wehrmacht , entirely engaged around dunkirk , this is taken from his war diary :, 
   `` despite our overwhelming superiority in men and hardware numbers , the french troops are counter-attacking in several places . 
  i ca n't understand how those soldiers , sometimes fighting at one versus ten ( or even one versus thirty in some areas ) , can find enough strength to assault us : this is simply amazing !, 
  i see in those french soldiers the same energy than with the veterans of verdun in 1916 . 
  for several days now , hundreds of bombers and guns are pounding the french defence . 
  but , it 's always the same thing : our infantry and panzers ca n't break through , despite some local and ephemeral successes . 
  the french high command has very smartly set up his troops and artillery . 
  i fear that the dunkirk operation could be a failure for all of us : almost all the bec and the biggest part of the french 1st army will escape , because a few thousands of braves block the path to the sea . 
  that 's distressing , but that 's it !, 
  dunkirk brings the proof that the french soldier is one of the best in the world . 
  the french artillery , already dreaded in 1914 , demonstrates once more its efficiency . 
  our losses are terrifying : numerous battallions have lost 60 % of their men , sometimes even more !, 
  by resisting ten days or more to our much bigger forces , the french army has accomplished , in dunkirk , a superb achievement that you must pay tribute to . 
  they have certainly saved great-britain from the defeat , by allowing the british professional army to reach the british coast . '', 
   imagine christian clavier en napol\u00e9on ha haha ha haha ha ... ha ... [ pleure ], 
   i7-7200u, 
  maroilles  munster . 
  son journal de guerre \u00e0 priori . 
  le dac c'est usb `` normal '' . 
  merci !, 
  `` mettre \u00e0 jour '' means `` to update '' . 
  we do n't say `` mise \u00e0 jour '' anyway , but that 'll be the correct form . 
  t'as pas vu the wire . 
  alors the wire . 
  je plusse . 
  quoilabaise.jpg . 
  m'enfin je suppose que c'est configurable . 
  hein ? 
  supp\u00f4t du capitalisme !, 
  france 's motto is `` liberty , equality , fraternity '' , but the main difference imho between french and anglophone cultures is that the anglophone culture value more liberty , whereas we value more equality . 
  what is the nature of something ? 
   the londoner ( especially in higher social classes ), 
  ofc , they are self-conscious of their legacy . 
  the one we brought to them . 
   an american saying `` it 's ok '' would mean `` it 's fucking shit '' from a french manager, 
  topkek, 
  had to read your message 5 times , before checking your profile , and see that you 're english . 
  i did n't know . 
  it was just a joke . 
  but i think we can see , with our 2 comments , the main difference between the french and english humour though : french humour is mostly about making fun of others , whereas english one is all about self-mockery , 
  both are fine on my watch . 
  `` that is the best movie i 've ever seen in my entire life ! '', 
  il en fallait bien un qui interpr\u00e8te mal ma question , 
  you mean that english people do n't like being complemented ? 
  hahahahahaha !, 
  that 's definitely the latin side . 
  definitely not the kind of thing i 'd do though . 
  i ca n't lie so i 'll never say something like this . 
  at least that `` easily '' and fast . 
  ni `` au service de la france '' . 
  too bad i do n't have it :'(, 
  the `` germanic charm '' does n't work the same way . 
  hahaha !, 
  si on l'admet , oui . 
   that 's really british though . 
  american humor is vastly different . 
  indeed . 
  american humour is kinda low compared to british humour . 
  mais du coup , je pense que la question sous-jacente \u00e0 notre discussion est : peut-on devenir p\u00e9dophile ? 
  hum ... 
  ccpt, 
  lol, 
  j'imagine facilement oui . 
  #my 2cts, 
  je pense . 
  quoilabaise, 
  je suis d'accord . 
   violences involontaires, 
  des questions ? 
  t'as la m\u00e9thode `` md '' sinon . 
  question dans le titre ... 
  toi , t ` es riche . 
  never had a bad experience with a dutch . 
  black desert online je suppose . 
  our superiority . 
  mais sinon , c'est redevenu normal pendant l'aprem . 
  la question que tout le monde se pose :, 
  merci . 
  merci , mais non . 
  s'il y en a pas , je suppose que t ` as pas le droit . 
  merci :'), 
  je me pose une question . 
  newsgrounds , miniclip & co. 
  unity ? 
  pourquoi tu refuserais ? 
  bah nan , tu passes par le client flash . 
  t'entends quoi par dur ? 
  ca suppose plusieurs choses ton message :, 
  je suis d'accord . 
  mais oui , pas photo . 
  vaste question . 
  ^ ( admire mon mad skillz paint ), 
  arte , wikipedia sinon .
