  be more like wales you miserable cunt . 
  [ fat les ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=va6npu-1aue ), 
  why ? 
  thank god there 's no such thing as corrupt democracys . 
  aye i 'd love to have a word people can throw out whenever they want to kill discussion . 
  isnt shooting wolves protecting their sheep ? 
  another poor country that will need decades and billions of euros worth of investment . 
  no thanks . 
  except the voting systems flaw is that low effort shit like this gets upvoted . 
  there 's a reason memes are banned . 
  you should be banned for shit posting . 
  i 'm sure the many siberian peoples are grateful that russia is not an ` overseas kind of empire ' . 
  the problem is that there isnt a solution . 
  you cant accept them , the system we all know and love simply can not handle the amount of people wanting to come ( even equally spread out over all of europe ) . 
  you cant destroy the boats . 
  inhumane and there 's no guarantee it would actually stop the flow . 
  you cant drop them off in libya or port of departure because they 'll simply catch the next one because there 's no central power ( a la gadaffi ) willing to imprison or to stop them from trying it again . 
  a tiny ( read insignificant ) fraction of the people are actually from libya . 
  lol . 
  where 's all that money going to come from ? 
  turkey is more important to europe than ukraine . 
  and we should focus on improving relations with them and helping them with the shitshow on their border instead of putting money into ukrainian oligarchs pockets . 
  also the amount of nazi groups in the ukrainian armed forces is disgusting and the eu shouldnt be afraid of saying so and forcing them to deal with them before supplying them with more aid . 
  let 's play spot the 3 wise monkeys . 
  if we ignore the problem long enough it will go away , wont it ? 
   putin reacted to the news , like , very soon after it happened you know its the 21st century right ? 
  this is fucking dumb . 
  im all for calling a spade a spade but why now ? 
  it doesnt bring any benefits and pushes away a country that is frankly doing a lot to help europe . 
   this only really matters if * we * had to go war alone says everyone in europe . 
   russian tanks crossing over this gets reported every 2 weeks . 
  whenever anyone sees a tank in russia it becomes a column and its heading to ukraine . 
  bit of trivia , russia and japan are still technically at war because they couldnt agree on who owned what in the kuril island chain after ww2 and never signed a peace treaty . 
  the title made it seem like uk university leaders where lobbying for research cuts . 
  this is literally just a picture of some soldiers posing in front of a osce car . 
   countries are actually a lot like people in that way . 
  except we dont expect grandchildren to pay for their grandfathers crimes . 
  they are literally the only nation that matters when it comes to this issue . 
  even in north korea its leaders . 
  how does that compare to other nations ? 
  is it as much as it sounds ? 
  why should france have to pick up the bill ? 
  and theres not ` always france ' either , what happens in 10 years if the french need to start cutting costs ? 
  youre looking at it in a too short of a time frame . 
  russia was ukraines closest ally until recently . 
  i 'd rather not have our everything dictated by america  why do they need more weapons ? 
  this isnt more weapons , same weapons different subs . 
   is the uk in any immediate threat ? 
  this isnt how it works . 
  you cant decide when the enemy is at your door to instantly build new subs . 
   does the uk have an enemy so strong that only nuclear arms will defeat him ? 
  the uk is in the eu that means our nukes are protecting everyone in the eu . 
  that 's a lot of potential enemies . 
  how long ago ? 
  my little sister started spanish within the first couple of years of primary school ( i guess that would make her around 7 or 8 when she started ) . 
  99 % at 32 seconds . 
  i checked wiki , 29 % latin , 29 % french , 26 % germanic , 16 % other . 
  we do have to , kids do french/spanish from ~ ~ 5 ~ ~ 8 to 16 . 
  the problem isnt english speakers lack of ability or the english systems lack of trying , its lack of motivation . 
  the return doesnt match the investment like it does when you learn english as a second language . 
  56 % because im not full of shit and didnt take the test 10 times before i posted my score . 
  edit 86 % on my 3rd go . 
  it costs money , lots of it and is a incredibly difficult on a practical level to provide language services for 800,000 people with ` little to no ' english . 
  poland and polish dont get 1/10th of the criticism that britain/england , france , germany and russia do . 
  its genius really . 
  make the noises with their mouths , use a stick to replicate the weapon , and wear civvies because of 21st century warfare . 
  we 're european and warfare is in our dna , so no need for training . 
  least expensive army on the planet . 
   football world championship may be out of reach , but this one is firmly in your hands sadly not . 
  continental europeans whining about brits whining about eu take the cake here . 
  isnt the problem selling them that there 's a lot of russian tech and materials in there ? 
  is there any country in europe that poland doesnt whine about ? 
   because my family i dont think you appreciate how important this is . 
  having family to point you in the right direction is massively important and something that a lot of lower class kids dont have . 
  unless you are paying them several million you wont be able to get anywhere near what the private sector can offer them . 
  even then why would they turn down more money ? 
  i 'd like to move somewhere that isnt grey 90 % of the year please . 
  do american school buses stop at every house and or corner like they seem to do in films ? 
  it wasnt long ago , still with in living memory , that even minor criticisms of the elite could earn you a 1 way ticket to siberia and did for a shockingly large percentage of the population . 
  its shouldnt be surprising that people would still be guarded about their opinions of the elite . 
  if youve committed/accused of a serious crime certainly . 
  if they stop you on the street they are generally cordial . 
  at least in my ( limited ) experience , they are polite , try not to waste your time and dont do much posturing . 
  i will forever have faith in our police since they told my cousins boyfriend ( who was a subaru driving mini tyrant with what little power he had as a pcso ) to fuck off . 
  i really can not recommended one soldiers war by arkady babchenko enough . 
  its by a russian conscript ( and then volunteer ) about his experience in the chechen wars and in the russian army . 
  very visceral , hard to read in places , and gives insight into the soldiers mentality , dedovshchina ( brutal ` bullying ' ) in the russian army , what the chechen wars were like for a man on the ground . 
  prevention vs cure . 
  germany is worried about treating their immigration problem . 
  poland is worrying about how to avoid the problem in the first place . 
  russias largest loss of life since ww2 . 
  swords should be a necessary part of political dress . 
  again . 
  no one is expecting them to be norway by new year . 
  ive not been following it particularly closely but none of the experts ive read/listen to have sounded optimistic about ukraine efforts . 
   i mean did anyone seriously expect anything else the moment russia began its invasion of ukraine ? 
  yes . 
  lots of people hoped they would start to tackle their corruption problem . 
  no one is expecting them to completely eradicate all corruption . 
  people were hoping to see them start laying the groundwork for heading in a more anticorrupt way , which is definitely doable but so far they havent done .
