  theres a middle ground there somewhere ... 
  putin has the rabid dog on a leash threat and kadyrov gets money and putin keeping moscow factions from removing him . 
  that said , kadyrov espouses loyalty all the time . 
  his actions , such as killing a harmless opposition figure , 1 block from the kremlin , say otherwise and usually have undertones of threats . 
  a mini gaddafi . 
  during the first chechen war he killed russians . 
  during the second his dad sided with the russians so he killed chechens . 
  his dad was made president of chechnya by putin . 
  his dad was assassinated by islamists and so was made president at 30 . 
  he has his own personal army called kadyrovtsy . 
  he rebuilt chechnya from a completely bombed out country to ` modern ' country . 
  he brutally represses any dissent ( deathsquads , black prisons , torture , etc. ), 
  , has a habit of assassinating people who he doesnt like . 
  very islamic . 
  is in a feud with the fsb , told the kadyrovtsy to kill any moscow fsb they find in chechnya . 
  putin has a mancrush on him because embodies all the mans man characteristics that putin admires which helps keep him safe from moscow . 
  he also fucking loves instagram . 
  https://www.instagram.com/kadyrov_95/ interesting dude . 
   finland has a few immigrant-majority online communities and 90 % of the posts are brits complaining about food , alcohol prices , finnish people , etc thats the entire point of expat bars/forums . 
  we must be reading different posts . 
  even the op of this chain implies russia shot at the turkish vessel . 
   one crisis have you been living under a rock ? 
  lol . 
  they 'd just start complaining about polands complaining . 
  nearly 1000 tea bags . 
  heres the full show ( 720p ) with english subs . 
  when you say solider stuff in regards to the ottomans people think respected , powerful janissaries not ...  galley slaves of the ottoman sultan in constantinople would be permanently confined to their galleys , and often served extremely long terms , averaging around nineteen years in the late seventeenth-century and early eighteenth-century periods . 
  these slaves rarely got off the galley but lived there for years . 
  during this time , rowers were shackled and chained where they sat , and never allowed to leave . 
  sleeping ( which was limited ) , eating , defecation and urination took place at the seat to which they were shackled . 
  there were usually five or six rowers on each oar . 
  overseers would walk back and forth and whip slaves considered not to be working hard enough . 
  wiki . 
  different but still brutal slavery . 
  except all the ones who ended up as gally slaves , rowing half the year , performing manual labour the other half . 
  and all the ones who became sex slaves . 
   cameron being chummy with china find me a country that isnt . 
  why is it always afghanis who get fucked ? 
  like chopping heads off or buying oil from isis ? 
  yeah i dont understand why people keep saying it wont work . 
  it worked in iraq and afghanistan . 
  russian bombing is working on rebels in syria . 
  im all for being against low effort memes but 2 years is a bit extreme . 
  europe has to be realistic about its options here . 
  the sort of people discussing brexit in any depth arent the sort of people who dont know switzerland isnt in the eu . 
  because people dont care about the eu . 
  its the same reason you cant name the mongol military 's organisational structure . 
  saudi arabia has spent ~ $ 100 billion promoting wahhabism . 
  you dont ` accept them ' . 
  you kick out their ambassador , you cancel joint projects , bring it up with the un , you skim their border , you implement sanctions , etc. 
  you dont shoot someone for standing on you toes even if they are doing it intentionally . 
  we are going to live under the terror threat for decades , maybe over a century unless something radically changes . 
  they should have kicked turkey out years ago . 
  reasonable use of force . 
  plane barely violating the border for < 10 seconds next to an active warzone . 
  talk to the ambassador , economic sanctions if needed . 
  plane 100km inside the border heading towards ankara ? 
  shoot the plane down . 
  you dont shoot someone for stepping on your toe even if they do it intentionally . 
  turkey has always had a foot in and a foot out of nato and article 5 isnt a fuck you i can do what i want card . 
  if turkey is intentionally provoking war ( ie shooting down planes that skim their border ) then fuck no we shouldnt go war for them . 
  nato and turkey have a weird relationship . 
  i honestly think it would be a coin flip whether nato members would go war for turkey . 
   ~ ~ sadly ~ ~ , thankfully shooting things is not the best solution for the worlds problems . 
  i didnt realise how serious this maximum level was . 
  i assumed it was just extra police/military on the highstreet , i didnt know they closed the metro and cancelled school/uni . 
  its scary that they are maintaining it for so long . 
  haha , i completely missed the joke . 
  i thought it was just an interesting factoid . 
  to me this is exactly the sort of stuff ` anonymous ' shouldnt be doing . 
  its naive to believe that the intelligence agencies dont know about this stuff and all ` anonymous ' is doing is throwing a spanner into the works . 
  theres a reason they dont announce foiled plans until well after the event . 
  the kurds are like every other minority group in that area but with a fantastic pr department . 
  they are nowhere near as secular as reddit believes , they have some barbaric cultural practices ( fgm ) , pkk are a terrorist group who just last month killed 100 civilians in a sucide bombing , they arent opposed to working with isis when it suits their goals , ypg have been accused ( with substance ) of destroying villages and ( intentionally ) killing civilians . 
  we should definitely support their fight against isis but we should do it intelligently with a thought to the future . 
  i wish reddit would get over the kurds . 
  so the dresden bombings were terrorism ( and japanese firebombings and the blitz , etc. 
  eu mutual assistance isnt nato article 5 . 
  we arent at war we are just obligated to send assistance/aid . 
  ` youths ', 
  benjamin franklin didnt have to deal with automatic weapons , high explosives and being a 4 hour flight from country that uses sharia law at its most extreme . 
  i dont see how capturing him , putting him on trial , imprisoning him for 20 years and then eventually releasing him would have been better for me ? 
  is there any news on the gunmen/driveby-ers/grenade throwers ? 
  caught , killed , escaped etc. 
  i know you are trying to make this your thing but fuck me youre shit at it . 
  its 2 degrees now in edmonton but 14 in manchester . 
  it sounds absurd but the size of his entourage , the security needed , the length of his stay and combined with the standard disruption to hotels when vvvip turn up its not really surprising . 
  its not like the hotel could really rent out the rest of the rooms when you have to go through a 3 stage security check whenever they entire the hotel , cars cant get within 300 metres , entire floors are reserved and guarded , all staff will have been background checked etc. 
  im not saying myanmar is fiddling the numbers but this is twice they have topped a list today . 
  i demand the danes compensate us for all the monies stolen during the viking invasion . 
  why the uk special ? 
  kick dem out !, 
  nothing pushes towards the leave camp like reading these threads . 
  the comments in this thread are very surprising . 
  at least in the uk its about intent . 
  if you were a plumber and got attacked while fixing a pipe you could use the pipe to defend yourself . 
  but just because you are a plumber it doesnt mean you can carry a pipe underneath the front seat of your car . 
  you arent allowed to carry things for the purpose of self defence which a metal pipe under your car seat is . 
   documents leaked by snowden in 2013 revealed that the fvey have been spying on one another 's citizens and sharing the collected information with each other in order to circumvent restrictive domestic regulations on surveillance of citizens https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/five_eyes, 
  lol 12 months ago everyone was going apeshit about britain spying on its european allies ( claiming they are traitors , 51st state , us lapdog etc. ),
