  and any suggestion other european countries were doing it was mercilessly down voted . 
  now the germans got it caught its `` what everyone is doing it !! '', 
  i cant wait until someone claims the reason he got caught sucking dick was because he received gay blood . 
  its a work around because they arent allowed to spy on their own people . 
  a spies on b , b spies on c , c spies on a , they make their information mutually accessible . 
  no ones broke any laws but they get all the benefits of being able to spy on their own country . 
  `` i am le tired '', 
  we have pesky things like freedom of speech , freedom of association and freedom of religion . 
  we cant just lock people up because they are part of a political party that the strongman at the top doesnt like . 
  they have to commit actual crimes . 
  generally it goes fine threats , then meeting with social services , then if attendance doesnt improve the state usually tries to find more responsible relatives , if they cant find any the state takes the kid and puts them in foster homes . 
  i dont believe anyone does it any other way than the ` german ' way, 
  search tow on liveleak . 
  99 % of them are from the west . 
  [ western aid ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/68/hires_090509-a-4842r-001a.jpg ) . 
  sure but its still hilarious watch lefty pro-eu people use it . 
  this always makes me laugh . 
  wont someone think of the corporations !?!? 
  searching for utopia . 
  because it would kill the conservative party ? 
  flags . 
  source ? 
  i know he got banned from getting journalist visas but havent heard about serious threats . 
  a lot of people born in london arent english . 
  who doesnt ? 
  its sad when the gulf states have more common sense than europe . 
  they actively limit the number of young males for obvious reasons . 
  every country puts their needs before the rest of the eus but the uk is the only one who gets abuse for it ( though recently germany has started getting some too ) . 
  saudi trades more with germany than the uk and the top eu external trading partners are usa , russia and china . 
  so , yeah , definitely only the uk that puts trade before humanrights . 
  thats not how courts work . 
  because the rebels are stopping ukraines integration into ` the west ' / nato . 
  which viewed through ( some ) russian eyes is stopping nato moving ever closer to the russian border . 
  res can also filter key words ( in titles ) . 
  either everywhere or only on individual subreddits . 
  i filter ` corbyn ' only on / r/uk and ` comcast ' on all of reddit . 
  makes reddit much more enjoyable . 
  if you break off diplomatic ties you are basically handing the country over to the extremists . 
  they dont just disappear if you ignore them it doesnt sound like it in the news but there is a secular / ` moderate ' element within saudi society/royalty that is trying to limit the extremists influence both internationally and internally . 
  we should be supporting and talking to those dudes . 
  it really is * the * religion . 
  religion can also be a problem but in this case it is definitely the religion . 
  comparing it to christianity/christianity 's maturation is fundamentally flawed because apart from the whole monotheistic god thing they are very different religions . 
  theres never going to be an ` islamic enlightenment ' because the quran is * literally * the word of god via an angel . 
  not much wiggle room . 
  because isolating countries rarely makes them better ? 
  god bless the channel . 
  apologise and set up some sort of compensation . 
  more interesting speculation would be what if one of these landed in turkey . 
  bbc online has become a publish first , fact check later news site . 
  dont forget managing to antagonise nearly every nation in europe . 
   nato is the strongest military force in world history , very literally speaking . 
  thats true but theres more to war than military spending . 
   including an italian aircraft carrier , a french frigate and one british , one spanish and two german ships . 
  at least three other vessels supplied by the belgian , british and slovenian navies what a strange way to word this . 
  is throwing grenades in bins a spring thing ? 
  guess it depends on the individual and the antidepressants . 
  for some it makes them suicidal , for some it dulls them ( i guess to stop them attempting suicide ? ), 
  and others it gives them enough motivation to brush their teeth , get out of the house , start seeing a therapist etc. 
  i believe its iceland . 
  irn bru and buckfast arent considered anti-depressants . 
  more similarity . 
  danes are the happiest country , but also have the second highest number of people on anti depressants in europe . 
  [ takeaway the antidepressants ] ( http://imgur.com/94myzfj ) ... 
  if you click the tag it gives you a link to the comment when you tagged them . 
  you have strange tastes , but whatever floats your boat ... 
  america owns a house and a car . 
  we can still be friends though , 
  nobody wants to ally down or even sideways if they can help it . 
  youre going to have to google them because gate stone institute gets posts autodeleted so i cant link the page . 
  on august 28 , a 22-year-old eritrean asylum seeker was sentenced to one year and eight months in prison for attempting to rape a 30-year-old iraqi-kurdish woman at a refugee shelter in the bavarian town of h\u00f6chst\u00e4dt . 
  the reduced sentence was thanks to the efforts of the defense attorney , who persuaded the judge that the defendant 's situation at the shelter was hopeless : `` for a year now he sits around and thinks about -- about nothingness . '', 
  on august 26 , a 34-year-old asylum seeker attempted to rape a 34-year-old woman in the laundry room of a refugee facility in stralsund , a city near the baltic sea . 
  on august 6 , police revealed that a 13-year-old muslim girl was raped by another asylum seeker at a refugee facility in detmold , a city in west-central germany . 
  the girl and her mother reportedly fled their homeland to escape a culture of sexual violence ; as it turns out , the man who raped the girl is from their country . 
  although the rape took place in june , police kept silent about it for nearly three months , until local media published a story about the crime . 
  according to an editorial comment in the newspaper westfalen-blatt , police are refusing to go public about crimes involving refugees and migrants because they do not want to give legitimacy to critics of mass migration . 
  police chief bernd flake countered that the silence was aimed at protecting the victim . 
  `` we will continue with this policy [ of not informing the public ] whenever crimes are committed in refugee facilities , '' he said . 
  over the weekend of june 12-14 , a 15-year-old girl housed at a refugee shelter in habenhausen , a district in the northern city of bremen , was repeatedly raped by two other asylum seekers . 
  the facility has been has been described as a `` house of horrors '' due to the spiraling violence perpetrated by rival gangs of youth from africa and kosovo . 
  a total of 247 asylum seekers are staying at the shelter , which has a capacity for 180 and a cafeteria with seating for 53 . 
  meanwhile , the raping of german women by asylum seekers is becoming commonplace . 
  following are a few select cases just from 2015 : on september 11 , a 16-year-old girl was raped by an unidentified `` dark-skinned man speaking broken german '' close to a refugee shelter in the bavarian town of mering . 
  the attack occurred while the girl was walking home from the train station . 
  on august 13 , police arrested two iraqi asylum seekers , aged 23 and 19 , for raping an 18-year-old german woman behind a schoolyard in hamm , a city in north rhine-westphalia . 
  on july 26 , a 14-year-old boy was sexually assaulted inside the bathroom of a regional train in heilbronn , a city in southwestern germany . 
  police are looking for a `` dark skinned '' man between the ages of 30 and 40 who has an `` arab appearance . '', 
  also on july 26 , a 21-year-old tunisian asylum seeker raped a 20-year-old woman in the dornwaldsiedlung district of karlsruhe . 
  police kept the crime secret until august 14 , when a local paper went public with the story . 
  on june 9 , two somali asylum seekers , aged 20 and 18 , were sentenced to seven-and-a-half years in prison for raping a 21-year-old german woman in bad kreuznach , a town in rhineland-palatinate , on december 13 , 2014 . 
  on june 5 , a 30-year-old somali asylum seeker called `` ali s '' was sentenced to four years and nine months in prison for attempting to rape a 20-year-old woman in munich . 
  ali had previously served a seven-year sentence for rape , and had been out of prison for only five months before he attacked again . 
  in an effort to protect the identity of ali s , a munich newspaper referred to him by the more politically correct `` joseph t. '' on may 22 , a 30-year-old moroccan man was sentenced to four years and nine months in prison for attempting to rape a 55-year-old woman in dresden . 
  on may 20 , a 25-year-old senegalese asylum seeker was arrested after he attempted to rape a 21-year-old german woman at the stachus , a large square in central munich . 
  on april 16 , a 21-year-old asylum seeker from iraq was sentenced to three years and ten months in prison for raping a 17-year-old girl at festival in the bavarian town of straubing in august 2014 . 
  on april 7 , a 29-year-old asylum seeker was arrested for the attempted rape of a 14-year-old girl in the town of alzenau . 
  on march 17 , two afghan asylum seekers aged 19 and 20 were sentenced to five years in prison for the `` particularly abhorrent '' rape of a 21-year-old german woman in kirchheim , a town near stuttgart , on august 17 , 2014 . 
  on february 11 , a 28-year-old asylum seeker from eritrea was sentenced to four years in prison for raping a 25-year-old german woman in stralsund , along the baltic sea , in october 2014 . 
  on february 1 , a 27-year-old asylum seeker from somalia was arrested after attempting to rape women in the bavarian town of reisbach .
