  does hipster bullshit , tabloid bullshit , clickbait bullshit , documentary hipster bullshit and also some of the best documentaries and investigations any media is doing . 
  wouldnt a promise do ? 
  its not really one of those things you need a phd to understand . 
  yeah . 
  its only going to take a single instance . 
  like that old woman murdered in sicily . 
  if that happens again or in a bigger city , things are going to get really bad for everyone . 
  being in breach of the peace ( ie being a fuckwit ) is a crime in the uk . 
   even more amazing by the fact that those areas of the stadiums tend to be the more radical . 
  yeah in the same way as a 15 year old anarchist is radical . 
  gadaffi was still very useful , but france/uk put the arab spring and not letting a dictator bomb the shit out of poorly armed protesters , before their own long term goals . 
   be protected by the channel lets not pretend like this is some single instance of divine wind . 
  for 400 years royal navy beat , destroyed and contained , navy after navy in order to protect british shores . 
  2 great seafaring peoples . 
  no but they put them into perspective . 
  youre wrong . 
  country for country , ( so not comparing gb , france , spain , portugal etc. 
  combined ) ottomans were the largest slave holder . 
  just from the black sea steppe the ottomans got more slaves than the uk did from the atlantic slave trade . 
   your whole empire was built on the tears of the non-british people . 
  find me an empire that wasnt . 
  it really does . 
  shows how much a damned if you do , damned if you dont situation europe is in . 
  because the deal was made before ww1 started ? 
  i love how you guys simply can not fathom keeping the money and acting like it was the great crime of the early 20th century , when 4 months later germany ( the ottomans ally ) was dropping chlorine gas on entente troops . 
  why would have we done that ? 
  also might not have been . 
   a secret treaty was concluded between the ottoman empire and the german empire on august 2 , 1914 . 
  the ottoman empire was to enter the war on the side of the central powers one day after the german empire declared war on russia . 
  [ 1 ] the alliance was ratified on 2 august by many high ranking ottoman officials , including grand vizier said halim pasha , the minister of war enver pasha , the interior minister talat pasha , and head of parliament halil bey not my area of interest but the ottomans also had much closer ties to germany than they did the uk . 
  germany also wanted an ottoman alliance much more than the uk . 
  it 's almost as if giving 2 battle ships to a country that you might be fighting in a couple of months is a bad idea . 
  brits dont want poles , romanians or bulgarians and they are all white . 
  we 've gave money ( ~ # 25 mil ) , helped fund and staff a new centre , sent police , sent immigration staff . 
  short of simply opening the door what more do you want us to do ? 
  again ... we contribute more money than we take out , we have a ship , drones and helicopters in the med , we have aircraft patrolling the baltics , we follow the eus rules much better than any of the big countries and we do take our fair share of refugees relative to our size and wealth . 
  its not our fault you have such an insane policy . 
  youre putting the horse before the cart . 
  people have opt outs because decision making is such a mess . 
  if nations thought there was a sane , fair , quick , method of decision making opt outs wouldnt be necessary . 
  instead the eu hums and haws for months/years then germany makes a decision and expects everyone ( really just the western countries ) to follow it . 
   i just explained why osce reports ( or lack of those ) are not a reliable source for the situation on the ground . 
  ok , one last time . 
   1 ) they completely avoid regions of active fighting due to security concerns . 
  no they dont . 
  500m to the nearest explosion is in active regions . 
  while in government-controlled kominternove ( 23km north-east of mariupol ) , the smm heard an explosion at approx . 
  500m north-east of its positio  2 ) when they are on separatist territory , they only travel where the separatists tell them to travel , and even then are routinely denied access to sites . 
  yes because they are observers . 
  they also note when/where they were denied access at the end of each report . 
  a `` dpr '' member denied the smm access to a `` dpr '' heavy weapons holding site . 
   3 ) a substantial part of personnel in the osce groups are russian military officers , since russia is a member of osce . 
  apparently at the official level this is allowed because osce believes that `` russia is not a party to this conflict '' . 
  as far as i can tell this was a single claim and there has been no proof to back it up . 
   you keep insisting that the ukrainian side does not provide accurate information , without giving any justifications . 
  it doesnt matter whether provide accurate information . 
  they are one side in the war , their opinion on the war will always be suspect and that makes them an unreliable source . 
  do you trust kremlin press releases ? 
  no one said they should be the only trusted source , just that ukrainian state press releases arent a reliable source . 
  you said osce dont report on active fighting , i showed a report from osce on active fighting . 
  whats the ukrainian version of a kremlinbot ? 
  how is this not a report on active fighting ? 
  http://www.osce.org/ukraine-smm/179096 latest from osce special monitoring mission ( smm ) to ukraine based on information received as of 27 august 2015 the overall security situation at and around `` donetsk people 's republic '' ( `` dpr '' ) - controlled donetsk airport ( 9km north-west of donetsk ) remained tense . 
  ** from its position at the joint centre for control and co-ordination ( jccc ) observation post at the `` donetsk people 's republic '' ( `` dpr '' ) - controlled central railway station ( 8km north-west of donetsk city centre ) , the smm observed an increase in ceasefire violations compared to the previous day . 
  between 08:25 and 18:30 hrs , the smm recorded a total of 162 explosions caused by incoming anti-aircraft fire , 82mm and 120mm mortar shelling and other unidentified explosions at locations between 1.5 and 8km ranging from the north-north-west to the west of the smm 's position . 
  the smm also heard exchanges of small-arms fire , including machine-gun fire and automatic grenade launcher fire , between locations at 3 to 5km north-north-east and west-south-west of its position . 
  the smm also observed five ural and kamaz military type trucks driving in the direction of donetsk airport . 
  two were carrying `` dpr '' members and one was carrying logs . 
  they are a damnsight more reliable than the press wing of ukrainian government . 
  [ they arent shy about reporting when there is shelling from either side or when/where they have been denied access ] ( http://www.osce.org/press-releases/ukraine?filters=&amp;solrsort=ds_date%20desc&amp;rows=10 ), 
  feckin hell germany , calm down . 
   we 're not allowed to extradite people to countries that have death penalty . 
  are you sure , you seem to have an extradition treaty with the us . 
  syria was already in a state of civil war and was for 2 + years before the us ( lead group ) got involved with air support . 
  whoops , got a bit carried away . 
  we contribute more money than we take out , we have a ship , drones and helicopters in the med , we have aircraft patrolling the baltics , we follow the eus rules much better than any of the big countries and we do take our fair share of refugees . 
  its not our fault you have such an insane policy . 
  gg uk following the rules as always . 
   i just dont understand ( honest question ) why england seems to be doing so little ? 
  probably because you get most of your news from / r/europe . 
  which has a very biased view against the uk . 
   not only with the migrants germany and sweden take too many , not the uk dont take enough . 
  we take as much as other countries relative to our wealth and size . 
  saying that we have a ships , helicopters and drones in the med mainly searching for traffickers but also rescuing migrants . 
   greece greece is a euro problem , we arent in the euro . 
   equality i dont understand ? 
   syria again , i dont understand . 
  we are working with nato ( mainly america and france ) in syria , using aircraft and ( allegedly ) sas against isis . 
  which is more than most of europe . 
  not really . 
  does it to you ? 
  tories want to stay in europe . 
  we take the ~ 5th most refugees in europe . 
  this is bullshit . 
  its not like they are able to do phds and are debating hitchens . 
  for most of them their english is super broken/barely conversational . 
  they could get to that level of dutch , french , etc. 
  in a few months if they wanted to . 
  im in north west england . 
  its not the rain that bothers me but the constant fucking grey .
