  ^ ^ waiting ^ ^ for ^ ^ western ^ ^ european ^ ^ military ^ ^ help ? 
  if we are all living under the same roof allowing some brothers to harm the income of other brothers without a parents permission is insane . 
  are you using c when you mean f ? 
  no one will because its fucking retarded . 
  i literally can not imagine how that feels . 
  i was complaining today and it was only mid 20s . 
  for those not clicking the link , it was a joke between a few colleagues as a sort of ` what if ' scenario . 
  wouldnt be a european summer without the death of a minority and a riot . 
  does anyone have similar numbers for other european countries ? 
  because it wouldnt surprise me if there has been a large drop in european fighters heading to isis . 
  war 's great on a computer , not so great when america is dropping 500lb bombs on your head and you are being encouraged to become a suicide bomber because you have zero military skills . 
  i believe that a lot of the results found whatever the men in charge wanted the experiments to find . 
  lots of bad science that made a lot of the information worthless . 
  it would be political suicide to admit to joining the group , so they claim to have refused the offer to the public but then join anyway . 
  public vs private . 
  we are really against spying on our allies and partners . 
  it really is disgusting what uk and us do . 
  - germany to the public . 
  pleeeease let us join the cool spying group , heres some stuff i got from france . 
  - germany to the 5 eyes members . 
  bloody ` ell it was hot last night, 
  which would make you sweat more and cool down quicker . 
  i 'd rather we support those dealing with the refugees and htose groups fighting isis . 
  seems the amount of bombing we 'd need to do to force change would be more than we are willing to do . 
  difference is 90 % of the syrians in lebanon and jordan will fuck off home when the war ends . 
   i do n't think more modest clothing will stop the refugees from harassing the girls . 
  why ? 
  there 's a minority in western society that think girls are ` asking for it ' if they dress a certain way . 
  this is just that but without the 100 years of womens rights and a religion that likes to keep women separate . 
  theres a difference between being allowed and it being a smart choice . 
  fucked up the entire world with antibiotics and secularism . 
   this has nothing to do with them apart from them being able to demand their government compensate the victims . 
  because of this part . 
  the victims are all fucking dead and so are the people who caused it . 
  for a long fucking time too . 
  if we want to open this can of worms why do we start this compensation bullshit at the industrial revolution ? 
  where are the calls for the mongols to compensate baghdad , the numerous turkic groups who raped and pillaged their way through central asia , mesopotamia and anatolia , rome in most of western europe , the vikings and normans in britain , the fucking greeks and their colonial bullshit , the countless famines caused by ethnic chinese and indians in their respective countries etc. 
  i like the bilingual comments . 
  but like his sarcasm theres a time and place for it . 
  when he is on official modding business it should be english only . 
  i guess that depends on your definition of success and what you consider an invasion . 
  the steppe groups often ended with favourable terms , ( generally ` gifts ' ) , russia lost the crimean war , russo-japanese war , lost ww1 , lost the first chechen war , they nominally won the second one but still has limited influence in chechnya ,, 
   you can encourage your government to compensate these victims instead of trying to cover their mistakes . 
  people would be a damn sight more accepting of historical mistakes and crimes if they were n't always expected to pay money to great , great , great , great , great , great , great , grandchildren of those effected . 
  there 's a time and place for sarcasm . 
  very interesting podcast for those interested in this . 
  effectively the same thing . 
  this months islamic attack . 
  4 % of the population 20 % of the rapes . 
  hmmm, 
  why do you want to isolate yourself from the ` allies ' ? 
  they should head to their nearest church , most would bend over backwards to help christians in need . 
  europe should just pay the other side to destroy the boats . 
  fuck those guys ` warning ' europe . 
  `` lithuania '', 
  [ undercover mosque is a must watch . 
  it shows how two faced mainstream muslim groups can be . 
  the eu blue is a really great colour . 
  are most danish politicians career politicians ? 
  im sure it has nothing to do with people reporting back on what jihad is actually like . 
  even the eu agrees that georgia started that conflict . 
  this is interesting thanks . 
  are you a woman ? 
  ( serious question ), 
  that was separatists being dumb though , filming military sites without permission would land you in hotwater in the west . 
  it would give the russian government a ` legitimate ' reason for arrest ( or arrest warrent to stop him entering russia ) if they wanted one . 
  i dont know whether its brave or stupid filming military sites like that . 
  seems like a good way to be imprisoned for espionage . 
  either way fantastic video , vice produces some really great stuff when they want to . 
   how can they stay out of this , rather than coming together and reforming a system that obviously is n't working . 
  that 's because the only thing that will work is distinctly unpleasant . 
  we let them in the whole fucking ship sinks . 
   unless , of course i have mistaken your point . 
  i was more talking about the gut reaction a ( decent sized ) segment of the population gets whenever they hear their names . 
   and there 's nothing wrong with not being european . 
  there kind of is when it comes to ` the european games ' . 
  why ? 
  we should train , arm and equip them and then send them to the ukraine to use as troops against russia . 
  after 20 years of service they get citizenship in european federation . 
  any with a serious injury get citizenship via ` par le sang vers\u00e9 ' . 
  there 'd be a certain irony that first european federation citizens would be sub saharan africans . 
  this generations thatcher . 
  wouldnt this train and arm any would-be separatists ? 
  viking europe , most fun europe . 
  going back that far , not really . 
  i think thats going to apply to most european countries . 
  there isnt a real ` enemy ' at the moment , so most poeople would instantly jump to another war in the middleeast not a defensive war ( either on an eu or national level ), 
  god bless the english channel . 
  i agree . 
  every man and his dog has bribed fifa . 
  making an issue out it now with russia would just play into putins hands and further isolate russia and make any negotiations more difficult . 
   pacifist why do you keep using this word . 
  a tiny fringe minority of muslims are pacifists . 
  being opposed to isis and the baf doesnt make someone a pacifist . 
  if everyone is equal why is poland receiving billions of euros a year ? 
  the only thing europe liked more than fighting each other was grouping up to fight each other . 
  europe exports an absolute fuck tonne of arms . 
  the problem is your cant magic these things into existence overnight . 
  if you do need them , you generally need them quick , not in 3 years . 
   when was the last time a tank was useful in europe kosovo .
