  every . 
  single . 
  day . 
  for months . 
   you and i can get shitfaced every other week and nobody gives a shit . 
  take advantage of that privilege . 
  royalty get shitfaced every week too . 
  media just arent allowed to print the pictures/the events are that secure that no one is allowed cameras . 
   dailymail.co.uk pls stop . 
  i genuinely think they actually want wives and will probably treat them relatively well . 
  luring girls from the uk seems like a lot of effort when they could just grab a local girl or buy one . 
  it would be interesting to map where these sos calls are coming from . 
  sweden should save them from the famine stricken warzone that is france . 
   wtf , they should have been watching his every move and gathering evidence to arrest him before he could carry out an attack . 
  what about the other 500 + people who have returned from syria ? 
  or the ones who went to libya/pakistan/afghanistan / somalia/etc . 
  how on earth can you type something so fucking dumb ? 
   i have no data to back this up if only there was some way to find this data and have it show that , shockingly , yes bullying does occur on the continent and its not an exclusively british thing after all . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  do you really think iraq ( 21 ) has a stronger military than france ( 27 ) ? 
   there will be no invasion - salami tactics [ 2 ] worked great so far in every case . 
  yeah it has worked great . 
  a sliver of georgia , crimea that would have voted to be russian regardless and a messy war donbass . 
  next up berlin, 
  would poles be willing to die for the falklands ? 
  interestingly enough having a drinking problem would bump them up the priorities list and increase the chances of getting a house . 
  they arent mutually exclusive . 
  sweden is part of ` the west ' but is northern europe . 
  italy is part of the west but is southern europe . 
  australia is part of the west but is on the other side of the planet . 
  wow a massive 2 examples . 
  a single example of ` antihomeless spikes ' and dismantling a mini tent city in the middle of a high street . 
  also how is this related to british values ? 
  are you saying we should offer flights to whoever wants to come ? 
  why not ? 
  i dont think this is true . 
  people in the uk use knives all the time because they are easy to get , easy to carry and hide etc. 
  what about icbms ? 
  we are a theocracy where even mentioning religion makes people uncomfortable . 
  yay , more countries that are going to need billions upon billions of investment . 
  we sure showed him . 
  we need a rich cunt to buy a castle for / r/europe meetups where we could also hold our secret meetings on how to bring back the empire . 
  there are 64 million brits , thats going to be a long queue . 
  is it normal for security guards to wear bullet proof vests ? 
   poland had taken lands of very small area , with majority polish population , without bloodshed . 
  if its not right when russia does it , its not right when poland does it . 
  yeah that doesnt match up with the facts at all . 
  how likely is any punishment ? 
  african-american british sound better ? 
  90 % of success is being born with a good hand and a bunch of dumb luck . 
  should alexander fleming be proud of discovering penicillin ? 
  it was luck he was born in a developed country , luck that his parents valued educations , luck that his uncle left him money , luck that his brother was already a doctor , luck that he was given a position of assistant bacteriologist , luck that survived ww1 ... 
  because you/your parents pay taxes and netherland gov ' helps a lot of people with those taxes ? 
  your small part of the community with one of the highest education rates , safest countries , most friendly countries , etc ? 
  mate get your facts straight . 
   they hate eu nope . 
  we poll similar numbers to a few eu countries . 
  with anywhere between 40-60 % wanting to stay in the eu and ~ 20 % undecided/dont care . 
   did they give it when spain and italy asked for it ? 
  yes . 
  the navy is working in the med to help with the migrant crisis and we have offered the raf to help too . 
   did they help greece with their economy ? 
  uk is a net contributor and greece is a net receiver so probably . 
   you should reap what you sow . 
  if only this was true . 
  go tell all the people who are proud of their high numbers to fuck off then . 
  they are obviously instigating shit too . 
  he wasnt telling anyone to stop posting ... 
  this isnt / r/eufederation . 
  its not like they had the means to use them . 
  europe is far more concerned with russia than america is . 
  turkey also has the gaddafi card being a major door to europe . 
  is this because they are worried about chinese colonisation ? 
  new = scary . 
  its as british as tea and crumpets . 
   england , however . . likes england the most , and more than anyone else ... 
  naturally , england is the best . 
  you continentals are just too arrogant to admit it . 
  whats the area in kazakhstan ? 
  `` thats a lot of fucking horses ... '' `` phew they 've gon ... '' `` thats a lot of fucking horses !! '', 
  edit : youre all right but i had the mongols in mind when writing . 
  funny because according to all the numbers i can find the ` western ' europe is parting with much more of their money than anywhere else . 
  why is it ? 
   you would n't pull a sword and say you gave them a warning slap with it . 
  speak for yourself . 
  a british vote stopped the uk and then the us getting involved in syria . 
  america isnt asking us to help patrol the gulf of mexico , police the air space near cuba or station troops on the border with canada ... 
  i cant comment on whether its common to all mosques but there were a couple of investigations and ofcom ( tv regulatory office ) found that the documentary accurately represented the material it gathered ( ie they didnt splice clips together or take things out of context to make the mosques look more extreme ) . 
  i 've posted this a few times but it really is a must watch on this subject . 
  [ dispatches - undercover mosque ] ( https://vimeo.com/19598947 ), 
  genocide is about intent more than pure numbers . 
   that would be the job of riot police reinforcements riot police is made up of normal police in the uk . 
  i 'd rather they keep patrolling the streets and use the army who are dicking about in the woods somewhere . 
  does anyone else feel like the media is making a much bigger deal out of the london bombings than the general public is ? 
   if say 25 eu countries decided to create an additional joint military force , then i do n't think uk could really stop it from happening . 
  uk , france and germany , is nearly 2/3rds of the total military spending in the eu . 
  add italy and you have nearly 3/4s . 
  without the big 3 theres simply no point . 
   we could all learn some lessons . 
  let americans deal with it ?
