   a brexit would be huge , especially as it could precipitate other countries like denmark and the netherlands leaving . 
  assuming we dont implode which i dont think is likely i genuinely think brexit would be the start of the end of the eu . 
  the french never occupied ireland . 
  its a target not a minimum but i agree hopefully more countries will aim at hitting it . 
   is it true that britain only gave asylum to 143 syrians last year ? 
  we didnt get many applications from syrians ( 2500 ) , so maybe its true . 
  we had 30,000 asylum applications and accepted 14,000 ( so its not like we arent doing our part ) . 
  yep . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gold_repatriation#germany  germany planned to ship home 300 tonnes of gold from the us and 374 tonnes from france by 2020 , in order to have half ( 1695.3 tonnes ) of its official gold reserves stored in frankfurt . 
  the german central bank ( de bundesbank , or buba ) has been trying to repatriate 300 tonnes from new york since 2012 -- but officially got back a mere 5 tonnes in 2013 . 
  the plan halted as german politicians decided their gold `` is safe in american hands '' . 
  [ 6 ] [ 7 ] [ 8 ] germany has 45 per cent of the country 's 3,391 tons of gold bars stashed in the strongroom deep beneath the federal reserve bank of new york in manhattan . 
  playing devils advocate a bit because i do think its largely a pakistani issue but muslim was found in all cases , whereas it wasnt only pakistanis . 
   they all think that the women in their respective countries are the most beatiful in the world . 
  nope . 
  for my money the stereotypical russian/ukrainian women are the most beautiful . 
  followed closely by italian women . 
  which bit are you complaining about here ? 
  beacuse reports like this come out every week . 
  its a case of crying wolf . 
  ok . germany , sweden , france all still receive more . 
  i cant be bothered to do the math , but a several northern european countries would receive more per capita too . 
  uk , germany , france , sweden have more asylum applications . 
  uk , germany , france , sweden all have more non eu immigrants than italy . 
  on a per capita basis most if not all of northern europe does . 
  italy 's problem is what italy 's problem always is , italy . 
  does anyone know what polands total net received is ? 
  they question we 've all been asking for a long time . 
  whats the solution ? 
  even if we flood ukraine with arms it 's just going to make the situation on the ground worse . 
  european troops arent going to get involved because it would just make everything worse . 
  you cant subside ukraine because it is corrupt as fuck and only 5 % of it would get to the troops at the front , also likely to make it worse . 
  the only thing eu can do is further sanctions but unless there is an outright coup or revolution it could be years without having any effect in eastern ukraine . 
  for pointing out that releasing the interrogation tape of a pow breaks the geneva convention ? 
  better the devil you know . 
  doesnt matter how or why they are there . 
  they got caught in a war by the opposing side . 
  they are pows and ukraine is breaking the geneva convention by releasing this video . 
  ( in theory ) its not slave labour , they arent saying people should break rocks for the sake of breaking rocks , its helping out at charity shops , helping to maintain local parks and other community type work . 
  because their are a lot of nasty side effects of being unemployed , especially if you want to work . 
  it 's already happened in the uk with the apprenticeship scheme . 
  while there are legitimate businesses out there using it to teach people skills on the job , there are many that are using it as a way to get general unskilled labour for # 2.50 an hour, 
  this is a great idea in theory . 
  in practice its just going to lead to exploitation . 
  time for a strongly worded letter i think . 
  this sounds both badass and terrifying . 
  eventually but in my opinion we are at least 50 years away from seriously talking about it . 
  i didnt downvote you ( have now though ) . 
  i didnt comment on the tumblrs at the back either or the one staring at her phone . 
  i commented on the one making a massive effort to help a fatty off the floor . 
  keep projecting dude . 
  the woman on her right puts much more effort into lifting tess . 
  the black woman hardly puts any effort in . 
  this is hypnotic . 
  she isnt taking their arms to be polite either , its the best workout the fatty on her right has done in years . 
  bmi of 30 . 
  we always have vouchers from bus tickets and stuff like that . 
  # 2 for 800 calories is pretty cheap . 
   the rest can be directed to the nearest pothole or other piece of crumbling infrastructure to do manual labour . 
  it 's not like we ran out of that , just out of people willing to work for such low wages . 
  why even pay them . 
  pay them in food and shelter !, 
  lots of holes need digging , and lots of holes need filling . 
  i cant believe no one thought of this before . 
  western leaders were in a damned if they do damned if they dont situation . 
  its sad they had to use this because its a snub to russians and it plays into kremlin 's hands but on the other hand it would be absurd to stand in front of marching russian troops while the situation in ukraine is happening . 
  yeah because we get to pull out the ` not a true democracy ' card whenever it suits the argument . 
  what could go wrong having several thousand bored , unemployable , uneducated sub-saharan migrants hanging around all day ? 
  keep in mind reddit is a massive echo chamber . 
  remember when the immigrants complained and refused to get off the bus because they didnt like the town in sweden they was in . 
  i bet this works well . 
   although it 's not ideal you could learn by other people 's opinions . 
  you cant because the same recipe on different days can need a different amount of seasoning . 
  cooks need to know how the food tastes before they serve it . 
  berlin wall was made to keep people in . 
  yeah if he became a builder or plumber it would be an impressive ` despite ' . 
  ( still incredible achievements though ) . 
   can someone explain to me why ( many ) uk citizens are against the eu ? 
   we arent , we poll similar numbers to a lot of countries in europe but its one of / r/europes favourite topics and everyone speaks english so british anti-eu stuff gets posted more than say danish anti-eu stuff . 
   still , religious preaching should be made illegal . 
  hate speech , threatening speech , and/or speaking to incite violence is already illegal . 
  have you ever seen that undercover mosques documentary ? 
  one face when they are shaking hands with politicians another when they arent being filmed . 
  have a look at their wiki and tell me they arent a sjw party . 
  no one . 
  i am in a labour constituency that has been labour for over 100 years . 
  no point . 
  the only other choices are conservatives , lib dems , ukip and the left unity . 
  the big parties are all the same , i want to stay in europe and left unity is basically a sjw party . 
  ukrainians call every ` volunteer ' soldier and every separatist/rebel terrorist . 
  what the title seems to be suggesting is that we should create some sort of massive wave machine . 
   serves european interests . 
  what are european interests in the falklands ? 
  maybe if i was just randomly posting well others do it too , but when replying to peoplewho are claiming britain should be kicked out the eu / fined / is trying to bring down the eu / an american vassal / a traitor / blaming the british public for allowing it / etc. ? 
  pointing out that every country in europe is doing it isnt an excuse , its a fact and one that most redditors have ignored for months while choosing to believe its only the uk . 
   where did you get that ? 
  literally every thread on the subject . 
  i 've been downvoted to oblivion for suggesting every country able to do so is doing so . 
  posting that germany wants in on the 5 eyes . 
  posting about the 9 and 14 eyes .
