  servers are also the computers that go under the most stress . 
  computers are made to serve servers , and then adapted to desktop . 
  ok . windows has tons of bullshit , too . 
  i would n't suggest apple for gaming , unless you 're going to hackintosh . 
  i replaced the graphics card and the power supply . 
   how many days have you wasted trying to get something like pulse or alsa to work right ? 
  uhh , like , half an hour ? 
  from all the times i 've distrohopped , sound only did not work out of the box once . 
  i 'm not sure why people say this . 
  people started saying it back in , what , 2007 ? 
  earlier ? 
  and since then , have n't been getting any less wrong . 
  of course i 've had problems with linux . 
  none of it took hours to fix , though . 
  and as of right now , i 'm having more problems with windows than linux . 
  every time i boot into windows , my keyboard and mouse turn off and stay that way , the only way to prevent it is to go into bios ( for some reason ) and exit , then boot into windows . 
  i 've yet to find a solution . 
  or perhaps you 're not thinking about it . 
  the reason less people use desktops these days is because tablets and other portable computers are more widely available and not shit like they used to be . 
  the thing is , these same people would have gotten rid of their desktop if they could have . 
  desktops will pretty much always be more reliable and modular , as well as less expensive , than any portable product because of the mere principle of the design of portable computers . 
  even laptops , which are the only truly portable pcs , are still not there in regards to price-performance . 
  anyone who says dumb shit like `` the iphone is going to obsolete the desktop market '' deserves to be stuck in a long bus ride next a sysadmin who is explaining why they 're wrong . 
  i would agree with you if you were talking about graphics cards , but not processors . 
  processors are a requirement for literally any kind of computer system , and are developed for servers in mind with the consumer coming after . 
  i bet you could . 
  i will be very surprised if you ca n't . 
  lol . 
  desktop and server processors are both x86 and fit into the same kinds of sockets . 
  the i series and the xeon series , for example , are different because the needs are different , but they 're not that different . 
  there 's nothing stopping you from running xeon in a desktop ( and many do ) , or an i series in a server ( and i bet many low-stress servers do ) . 
  xeon does things that the average consumer would n't need like ecc memory and more cores at a much higher cost , as well as things like no integrated graphics chip . 
  i 'm saying they 're different , but not that different . 
  what i said earlier about processors being developed for servers first then adapated for the consumer market was true . 
  if there is a linux version available , i 'll play it over the windows one . 
  not really . 
  from steam , games are pretty much working out of the box . 
  proprietary . 
  nouveau does n't even work with my card ( gtx 960 ), 
  steam . 
  drm , but it is incredibly convenient and is n't as obtrusive as some other drm i 've had to deal with ( uplay cough cough ), 
  games get an easier pass for being proprietary in my opinion because people 's livelihoods do n't depend on them the same way something like , say , ssl software does . 
  now that was cancer to read . 
  sort of . 
  if you had an empty gun in bf4 and you reload , you need to insert the mag and cock it . 
  if you change weapons before you insert the new mag , you 'll cancel it entirely , but if you cancel after you insert the mag , then the next time you switch to that weapon , you go straight to cocking it . 
  i 've used that . 
  it 's pretty good , i would recommend over installing arch the way they tell you to , because you end up doing a lot of menial stuff ( like selecting locales and mount points , yawn ), 
  i tried manjaro , actually . 
  it was n't to be , though . 
  it would n't even boot , at all . 
  he only plays tdm to farm up kills for his weapon mastery videos . 
  if you look at his battlelog , you can see that he has way more stars in conquest and rush than he does deathmatch . 
  the gtx780 is pretty chunky , you know . 
  i reckon you have at * least * 3 more years in it . 
  why would he , though ? 
  the point of those videos is to get the dogtags for weapon masteries . 
  apple 's marketing department is * very * good . 
  ever since apple switched from powerpc to x86 in 2005 , their computers are pcs in all but name . 
  it is even possible to run os x on non-apple hardware . 
  the only argument one could have that macs are better for audio production ( or whatever ) is that there might be better software for it , but that software is almost always available on windows and sometimes even linux . 
  the game is n't even out yet . 
  all you can do is look at the minimum requirements , which i doubt you did because your computer surpasses them . 
  and i 'm not entirely sure you know what a `` shitebox '' is , your pc has a slightly outdated graphics card and that 's about it . 
  i was expecting something like 2gbs of ram and a first-gen i3 . 
  if your card is nvidia , you pretty much have to use their drivers . 
  the foss nvidia drivers are no good at all , and they do n't even work on the newest desktop cards . 
  roadhog is also australian , though , and his accent is much more subdued ( in fact it hardly sounds australian ) . 
  exaggerated accents are n't really a big deal . 
  * nobody * in reality talks like tracer does . 
  there 's a lot of potential with canada to be honest , canonically it was annexed by the us in order to take control of its resources , and mass riots and martial law followed soon after . 
  and maple syrup could lead to some interesting questlines considering it can keep forever if its in a freezer . 
  not washing your hands . 
  when i was younger and had friends around , i would wait outside the bathroom to make sure they washed their hands . 
  do n't you dare handle your junk and then start touching my doorknobs without first removing those junk germs , you unclean neanderthal . 
  even people talking about not washing their hands makes me sick . 
  civilisation blessed you with this privilege , make use of it . 
  . . yes ? 
  these days i tend to go to theirs , and in that case they can get their stuff dirty if they want . 
  you usually do something like convert the sound file to a . raw format with audacity and then open it up in photoshop . 
  i have ( quite long ) dreadlocks , and i can count the games i 've played that even have a dreadlock option on one hand . 
  i 'm pretty sure it is just [ one dia cache mission from pam ] ( / spoiler ), 
   battlefield 4 also has much less content than the older battlefield games ( and that is very bad ), 
  if anything , battlefield 4 has a problem of too much fluffy content , there 's a huge amount of weapons/gadgets and game modes that no one uses . 
  3 maps ? 
  lol, 
  bf4 launched with 10 . 
  currently has 32 with plans for 2 more . 
  either way , consider bf1942 had very little customisation ( if at all , it 's been a while since i 've played it ) , not very many guns , and while it did have a lot of vehicles , many of them were faction reskins because there were quite a few different factions . 
  to say that bf4 lacks content is pretty disingenuous , even compared to bf3 it added a pretty sizeable amount of things . 
  `` win '', 
  discovered tesseract this year too . 
  damn , them and monuments are something quite good . 
  i prefer their style in the second album . 
  does n't necessarily make him more fun . 
  makes him more unreliable , though . 
  io is one of the hardest heroes to play requiring a lot of skill and planning , and from his pick rate , not many people seem to find him fun . 
  you can already do that . 
  the open-source part of osx is called darwin and is free for you to use right now . 
  the problem is is that most of the usable parts of the os are proprietary .
