  overkill has n't endorsed those cheats ( which are actually cheats ), 
  gagecoins is fine . 
  you do n't even know how goonmod works . 
  it does n't `` modify the spawns '' of the game , it does n't affect gameplay at all except in its ragdoll delimiter and mutators which can only be used in friends-only and private lobbies . 
  assault pack . 
  i love how the achievement is called `` one-man army '' , because that 's how i feel with that loadout . 
  mind sharing what materials , patterns , colours etc were used for them ? 
  the gold ones are obvious , but i 'd like to know what you did for chains ' and hoxton 's secret masks . 
  they really need to look into weapon rebalancing . 
  the car-4 should not be the undisputed king of assault rifles with no downsides at all to using it , and the smg category reeeeally needs an examination . 
  with the small and ` just barely ' exception of the kobus , none of the base smgs are worth a squirt of piss when you compare them to the hotline miami ones or the patchett . 
  of course . 
  but with the correct mods , the jp36 is completely surpassed in literally every way . 
  most of the mods the car-4 needs to be good are found in courier pack anyway , it 's not like getting them is difficult . 
  the majority of the base smgs need to have their damage tweaked . 
  the numbers on the smg category are just absurd . 
  the patchett has 35 base damage but the compact-5 and the para have 18 ? 
  what the fuck , overkill ? 
  the panda mask is why i bought the # 1 weapon pack . 
  i 've had some comments lined up on this for a while now , and i did n't really say them until now . 
  firstly , ak .762 has no business being in low-tier . 
  it can reach 40 + damage , max accuracy and near-max stability with a 60 round clip , and its only shortcoming is that its reserve ammo is rather low . 
  however , it 's available early and to reach its potential , you only need mods from courier pack . 
  it 's definitely a viable alternative to the car-4 . 
  the amr-16 is also too low . 
  it is pretty much just the ak .762 but with a higher firerate . 
  that thing chews through dozers ( like the clarion ) if you get up close and magdump . 
  akimbo bernettis make no sense being in the same tier as akimbo crosskills . 
  they are the akimbo guns to bring , akimbo bernettis with extended mag is 52 rounds and something like 250 or so reserve if you have aced the akimbo skill . 
  high concealment , and they do a truckload of dps . 
  thanatos is far too situational to be in high-tier . 
  on overkill and below , dozers are n't that big a deal that they need a weapon solely to counter them . 
  any other weapon that deals with dozers well ( clarion , izhma , he rounds , akimbos etc ) could also be used for other enemies and does n't waste a slot solely for dealing with bulldozers . 
  i agree with its place in the death wish tier , though . 
  buzzsaw is also not as good in overkill , because its miniscule accuracy means its incredibly hard to use against tans , while dw greys do n't have that indestructible body armour . 
  the huge firerate is also a bit of a waste , the ksp 's more controllable and more accurate spray of bullets , in my opinion , is better on overkill . 
  there is no way the m1014 is as good as the raven , too . 
  even if you 're not a fugitive , just an enforcer with shotgun cqb and that one that gives you more damage with shotguns , a raven is basically a primary loco with an 18 round capacity if you mod it right . 
  the m1014 , meanwhile , is best used as an he round dispenser . 
  akimbo aced : you can now akimbo smgs , the judge , and the mosconi . 
  that 's because all the base smgs are quite bad . 
  the patchett and the hotline miami smgs are so much better , and the patchett can even substitute as an ar because 30 round mag and 40 + damage . 
  someone 's got a hate-boner for gagecoins . 
  there 's nothing wrong with them . 
  they do n't give you godmode or noclip or something , they just remove the rng to getting attachments or masks ( and before you ask , infamous masks take 20 gagecoins to get ), 
  the mutators also do n't work on public lobbies , only private and friends-only ones . 
  yes . 
  and they can also be gotten with a few hundred jewelry store runs . 
  in the grand scheme of things , i would rather my ally have that exotique receiver with goonmod saving my ass than him failing to peel off the legion of cops that downed me because he was all `` oh i got ta play faaaaaair '', 
  that would be a semi-decent ( barely ) point if anyone gave a fuck about a mask or material or pattern 's rarity . 
  and the dodge comparison is complete nonsense . 
  you are n't grasping at straws . 
  you 're grasping at the empty space where you are trying so hard to believe have straws . 
  maybe i have to repeat what others have said , then . 
  the results of using goonmod are no different from what you get from just playing the game normally . 
  just because someone uses it to avoid the grind to get unique mods for the most powerful weapons in the game does not make them an evil cheater out to ruin your fun . 
  i see it as practical , though if you want to make things obtuse for yourself because you think that the rng card nonsense should be the only way to get mods , then go ahead . 
  well said , but it 's `` i could n't care less '' ( sorry to be a grammar nazi but if you put it like that then you mean the opposite of what you say you mean ), 
  and no it does n't . 
  i 'm not sure how you 're getting this . 
  hoxhud and pocohud affect the game far more than goonmod 's gagecoin feature , giving precise details that you ca n't normally get , and they 've been given the a-ok by overkill . 
  the only thing gagecoins allows you to do is get things that are usually cordoned off by rng . 
  and i 'm not sure where you 're getting that `` much more severe effect '' bullshit from , i would rather have another 10 % dodge than to assuredly get a mod for a weapon i 'm probably just experimenting with . 
  put it this way , when your teammate has a gun , would you prefer it to be kitted out with mods he got from goonmod , or would you prefer it to be subpar because he has n't had mods drop for it ( especially if the gun relies on unique mods ) and he ca n't be bothered grinding ? 
  it does n't affect you negatively , it only affects them positively . 
  all i 'm getting from you is `` i do n't want people to have convenient access to mods that accompany their playstyle and improve their performance , i want it done the rng way that overkill programmed ! '', 
  you ca n't get achievement-locked masks ( or mods , materials , patterns ) with gage-coins if you have n't gotten that achievement yet, 
  i 'm not really sure why you 're so up in arms about it . 
  if you do n't care , then chill out . 
  the only thing you 're gaining is the self-satisfaction of being right by claiming that goon-mod is cheating ( and by that extension , hoxhud and pocohud are also cheating , or even the pd : th hud is cheating because it tells you how much ammo you have for your secondary even when its not equipped ) . 
  and there is no `` advantage '' , anyone can download and install goonmod . 
  the thanatos ' best use is a dedicated dozer killer on dw , otherwise it 's overkill . 
  even on ovk and below , you can just use high firerate weapons like akimbos or the clarion or whatever to kill dozers . 
  how about this , it 's not cheating because it does n't give you a cheater tag . 
  not a good idea to use he rounds on the loco . 
  better to use them on the judge because it does more damage and the ammo pickup rate ( for he rounds ) is better . 
  if someone submits proof to overkill , then yeah it does . 
  go ask overkill if you 'll be tagged a cheater for using them , then, 
  [ here ] ( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/173u3gm43rmi_lkwsnfi2lflw0qfdgdyvf3jf0jdpgsa ), 
  go to the shotgun ammo tab at the bottom . 
  you can see that he round pickup on average for the judge is 0.65 , while the he round on the loco average is 0.44, 
  how did this happen ? 
  `` i was just thinking about my 8th grade homeroom teacher , actually '', 
  * dallas begins, 
  * the flag, 
  * blue/light blue, 
  no , i did n't anticipate that, 
  nice find, 
  you can grind four stores with only a single point in ghost for the ecm . 
  load it up on any difficult aside from death wish ( atms do n't spawn on death wish ) , then go into the convenience store , mask up in the corner , apply the ecm to the atm , take the money , then crouch . 
  as long as you 're crouching , you 're undetectable . 
  wait for the van and make a run for it . 
  have any of you heard of our lord and savior , goonmod ? 
  revamp the smg category . 
  make the base smgs worth using somehow , like giving the mark 10 the ability to get up to 40 , and increasing the thompson 's ammo pickup rate . 
  nerf the patchett so it 's not king of smgs , i like its status as high damage and low rof , but at the moment it 's just too powerful . 
  perhaps increase recoil or decrease accuracy . 
  the compact-5 is a particular problem child as it 's just real weak damage wise , and the swedish k is the epitome of useless . 
  the para and the krinkov also have little reason to exist . 
  buff the predator to hit 80 at least , because not being able to hit 80 damage as a shotgun is pretty pathetic .
